As transatlantic friction over how to deal with the Iranian impasse intensifies , there are fears in European capitals that the nuclear crisis could come to a head this year because of US frustration with Russian stalling tactics at the UN security council .
" The clock is ticking , " said one European official .
" Military action has come back on to the table more seriously than before .
The language in the US has changed . "
As the Americans continue their biggest naval build - up in the Gulf since the start of the Iraq war four years ago , a transatlantic rift is opening up on several important aspects of the Iran dispute .
The Bush administration will shortly publish a dossier of charges of alleged Iranian subversion in Iraq .
" Iran has steadily ramped up its activity in Iraq in the last three to four months .
This applies to the scope and pace of their operations .
You could call these brazen activities , " a senior US official said in London yesterday .
Although the Iranians were primarily in Shia areas , they were not confined to them , the US source said , implying that they had formed links with Sunni insurgents and were helping them with booby - trap bombs aimed at Iraqi and US forces , new versions of the " improvised explosive devices " .
Senior members of the US Congress have raised concerns that the US will attack Iran in retaliation for its alleged activities in Iraq .
The official said there were no plans for " cross - border operations " from Iraq to Iran .
But he said : " We do n't want a progressively more confident and bolder Iran ...
The perception that Iran is ascendant in the region and that there are no limits to what Iran can do - that 's what is destabilising . "
The Americans and Europeans have sought to maintain a common front on the nuclear issue for the past 30 months , with the European troika of Britain , France and Germany running failed negotiations with the Iranians and the Americans tacitly supporting them .
But diplomats in Brussels and those dealing with the dispute in Vienna say a fissure has opened up between the US and western Europe on three crucial aspects - the military option ; how and how quickly to hit Iran with economic sanctions already decreed by the UN security council ; and how to deal with Russian opposition to action against Iran through the security council .
" There 's anxiety everywhere you turn , " said a diplomat familiar with the work of the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna .
" The Europeans are very concerned the shit could hit the fan . "
A US navy battle group of seven vessels was steaming towards the Gulf yesterday from the Red Sea , part of a deployment of 50 US ships , including two aircraft carriers , expected in the area in weeks .
" No path is envisaged by the EU other than the UN path , " the EU 's foreign policy chief , Javier Solana , told the Guardian yesterday .
" The priority for all of us is that Iran complies with UN security council resolutions . "
The IAEA chief , Mohamed ElBaradei , called at the weekend for a " timeout " in the worsening confrontation in an attempt to enable both sides to save face and climb down .
But the Americans rejected the proposal and European officials involved in the dispute also believe the Iranians cannot be trusted to stick to a deal .
Despite recurring tensions on the Middle East between the US and France , the French are the most hawkish of the Europeans on Iran and are said to back a US drive to tighten the noose on Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
The populist and recalcitrant leader is perceived to have been weakened recently , in part because of a mishandling of the nuclear row .
" One group of western countries thinks it 's a good time to step up the pressure on Ahmadinejad .
All options are on the table .
Others are worried we might be stumbling into a war , " said another diplomat familiar with the dispute .
The website offers Keane 's number one album for less than a pound
Members of the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) want to prove the site , which offers downloads for as little as five pence , is illegal .
They were given the go - ahead to sue the company last week , and say proceedings will be issued in Russia this week .
The operators of allofm p3.com deny the recording industry 's claims that their site is not licensed to sell music .
Now we will have the opportunity to demonstrate in the UK courts the illegality of this site
Roz Groome , BPI General Counsel
" We have maintained all along that this site is illegal and that the operator of the site is breaking UK law by making sound recordings available to UK - based customers without the permission of copyright owners .
" Now we will have the opportunity to demonstrate in the UK courts the illegality of this site . "
Popular
Allofmp3.com is the UK 's second most popular download site , accounting for 14 % of downloads , a survey has said .
The website says it is licensed by the Russian Multimedia and Internet Society ( Roms ) and the Rightholders Federation for Collective Copyright Management of Works Used Interactively ( Fair ) .
But the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) says the Roms licence is not legitimate and it would not cover consumers in other countries even if it was .
The BPI revealed it intended to take the owners of allofmp3.com to court at a hearing of the Parliamentary Culture Media & Sport Select Committee last month .
It is not planning to sue users of the site .
Copyright lawyers say that , even if the BPI obtains a verdict that the website is illegal , it might have " enormous practical difficulties " enforcing the ruling in Moscow .
These 2 people have no internet access to send these accounts and asked to do it for them - but these are their words with nothing omitted or added - and i am just replaying their accounts - please do not brush this off and let it be forgotten by the happy fluffy stories .
Local police corruption and calusness should be known by the St. Bernard Parish residents and taxpayers whos money will be used to rebuild their parish .
2 ) Please Help please call Frank , 504-701-3233 .
He needs advice and if anyone want to go with him to gather the evidence and document / video tape evidence .
Please help .
The day of hurrican Katrina , 6 dogs were put into Sebastien Roy School on Bayou Rd. in St. Bernard Parish .
This was the only safe place to put the dogs .
These were full bred pit bulls , well trained , my brother has bred them for fifteen years .
Poncho , the head male was eight years old and superbly trained .
Cheyenne was pregnant and near the birth .
The others were three females , three years , five months , and seven months and a male who was five months .
Yesterday my brother was able to enter the parish and go see for his dogs .
This is what he found :
The head male and and the three females were shot dead , shell casings litter the area .
They appear to have been dead for at least two weeks .
The young male , a five month puppy , was locked in a room and found dead .
This dog was left to starve , which he did .
The mother had given birth to three puppies , all were found locked in a stairwell with no water or food .
The puppies were well , but the mother was near death , never has he seen a dog as skinny as she was .
My brother is furious at the murder of his animals and intends to return tomorrow to photograph the evidence and take any legal action that he can .
He was told by a first hand witness that the St. Bernard Sheriff dept .
did the shooting .
This was not necessary .
We can understand that the head male might have to be put down because he would defend his family , but the others were puppies , they would not hurt anyone .
Please call Frank , 504-701-3233 .
He needs advice and if anyone want to go with him to gather the evidence .
Please help .
1 )
I found all of the dogs that were in that huge mansion Beauregard Middle School in St Bernard parish .
dead .
Most chained with curtain cords .
Some appeared to have been shot .
Mother dog laying dead on her dead pup .
Pure horror .. There were people staying in there for a long time too .
It looks like about a 20 foot wall of water came through there .
I found desperate scribblings on the wall about peoples pets .
Angel was one of them .
I did n't find any beagles ( Hunter ) but I found a brown collar with tags that had been chewed off and the dog was gone .
There were fresh dog tracks in the mud in the newer part of the school in the back but when we went in there there was a lot of water , it hurt our lungs to breathe , so we walked the murky halls calling and no dogs came .
I think a couple of mini schnauzers and a dachsund were rescued for I saw a note scribbled on the wall by Nat. guard saying they took those dogs to baton rough .
I photographed everything including the pleas written on the walls ....
The people held up there lived in squallor , it was a scene from hell . "
Tuesday , February 28 , 2006
How to Not Google Your Homework
It ’s tough being a teacher in the age of Google .
Instead of writing an original story , kids can just search for content online and copy it .
If they suspect the teacher in turn will google their text to check for plagiarizing , the kids can rephrase the text .
However , things can go awfully wrong with this approach , too .
While googling is a handy skill , you need a basic understanding of what it is you ’re googling for .
My mom Dorothee ’s a teacher , and the homework for her 6th - graders was to write an essay on Roman cooking .
My mother covered this topic in her lessons as well to prepare the kids .
Now one homework that was returned to her was titled “ Joschka Made the Romans Start Cooking . ”
It ’s a German pun hard to translate , but the actual story – which was copied word - by - word by the student – was about politician Joschka Fischer who gave a campaign speech on a place called “ Roman Hill ” ... and the metaphor was that he managed to create a “ boiling pot , ” setting his frenetic supporters on fire !
Indeed , searching German Google for roman cooking , I can find the original text in Google ’s cache in the top 10 .
The student ( who I ’ll keep anonymous here ) not only managed to fully copy it ... she introduced some errors along the way .
For example , the original title was that “ Joschka Made the Roman Start Cooking ” ( the hill , singular , not the Romans , plural ) .
Naturally , the text was not only completely off - topic , but also worded too sophisticated for anyone her age , which would have given her away too .
A tip to students in the digital age who try to research their homework : make sure you know a little more than the plain keywords you ’re writing about !
>>
More posts
Advertisement
NSA whistleblower subpoenaed by federal grand jury RAW STORY
Published : Friday July 28 , 2006 Print This | Email
This A former National Security Agency signals intelligence expert has been called before a grand jury , RAW STORY has learned .
Russell Tice , an important source for the Pulitzer Prize - winning New York Times report by James Risen and Eric Lichtblau on the NSA 's warrentless eavesdropping activities , was served papers by two FBI agents outside his home on Wednesday , July 26th .
Tice must appear in court on August 2nd " to testify and answer questions concerning possible violations of federal criminal law . "
In a statement issued by the National Security Whistleblowers Coalition , of which Tice is a member , he declared " This latest action by the government is designed only for one purpose : to ensure that people who witness criminal action being committed by the government are intimidated into remaining silent . "
The NSWBC also accused the government of trying to use this subpoena to prevent
Tice from being able to publicly confirm the existence of the controversial NSA program .
The lack of reliable public information on the NSA wiretapping effort has been used to bolster the " state secrets " defense in a number of cases filed against the government by civil liberties organizations and other groups .
The full text of the press release is available at NSWBC 's website .
Lindsay sure is skanking it up for her latest movie .
She was now caught taking off her underwear before the scene where she goes down on her co-star Garrett Hedlund on the set of Georgia Rule .
In the movie LL plays a rebellious , uncontrollable teenager .
No doubt she is trying to get very far away from her Disney image .
Source via Source
23 Pages Posted : 27 Apr 2006
Date Written : April 19 , 2006
Abstract
Using the economic freedom index and the newly developed KOF - index of globalization , it is shown that the Scandinavian welfare states have experienced faster , bigger and more consistent increases in these areas , compared to the smaller Central - European and the Anglo - Saxon welfare states .
The market economy and globalization hence do not pose threats to these welfare states , but are instead neglected factors in explaining their survival and good economic performance .
Big government decreases the economic freedom index by definition , but the welfare states compensate in other areas , such as legal structure and secure property rights .
Well , here ’s a rockin ’ party : a gathering of several hundred midlevel human - resources executives in Las Vegas .
( Yo , Wayne Newton !
How ’s the 401( k ) ? )
They are here , ensconced for two days at faux - glam Caesars Palace , to confer on “ strategic HR leadership , ” a conceit that sounds , to the lay observer , at once frightening and self - contradictory .
If not plain laughable .
advertisement
advertisement
Because let ’s face it :
After close to 20 years of hopeful rhetoric about becoming “ strategic partners ” with a “ seat at the table ” where the business decisions that matter are made , most human - resources professionals are n’t nearly there .
They have no seat , and the table is locked inside a conference room to which they have no key .
HR people are , for most practical purposes , neither strategic nor leaders .
I do n’t care for Las Vegas .
And if it ’s not clear already , I do n’t like HR , either , which is why I ’m here .
The human - resources trade long ago proved itself , at best , a necessary evil — and at worst , a dark bureaucratic force that blindly enforces nonsensical rules , resists creativity , and impedes constructive change .
HR is the corporate function with the greatest potential — the key driver , in theory , of business performance — and also the one that most consistently underdelivers .
And I am here to find out why .
Why are annual performance appraisals so time - consuming — and so routinely useless ?
Why is HR so often a henchman for the chief financial officer , finding ever - more ingenious ways to cut benefits and hack at payroll ?
Why do its communications — when we can understand them at all — so often flout reality ?
Why are so many people processes duplicative and wasteful , creating a forest of paperwork for every minor transaction ?
And why does HR insist on sameness as a proxy for equity ?
It ’s no wonder that we hate HR .
In a 2005 survey by consultancy Hay Group , just 40 % of employees commended their companies for retaining high - quality workers .
Just 41 % agreed that performance evaluations were fair .
Only 58 % rated their job training as favorable .
Most said they had few opportunities for advancement — and that they did n’t know , in any case , what was required to move up .
Most telling , only about half of workers below the manager level believed their companies took a genuine interest in their well - being .
None of this is explained immediately in Vegas .
These HR folks , from employers across the nation , are neither evil courtiers nor thoughtless automatons .
They are mostly smart , engaging people who seem genuinely interested in doing their jobs better .
They speak convincingly about employee development and cultural transformation .
And , over drinks , they spin some pretty funny yarns of employee weirdness .
( Like the one about the guy who threatened to sue his wife ’s company for “ enabling ” her affair with a coworker .
Then there was the mentally disabled worker and the hooker — well , no , never mind .
. . .)
But then the facade cracks .
It happens at an afternoon presentation called “ From Technicians to Consultants : How to Transform Your HR Staff into Strategic Business Partners . ”
The speaker , Julie Muckler , is senior vice president of human resources at Wells Fargo Home Mortgage .
She is an enthusiastic woman with a broad smile and 20 years of experience at companies such as Johnson & Johnson and General Tire .
She has degrees in consumer economics and human resources and organizational development .
advertisement
And I have no idea what she ’s talking about .
There is mention of “ internal action learning ” and “ being more planful in my approach . ”
PowerPoint slides outline Wells Fargo Home Mortgage ’s initiatives in performance management , organization design , and horizontal - solutions teams .
Muckler describes leveraging internal resources and involving external resources — and she leaves her audience dazed .
That evening , even the human - resources pros confide they did n’t understand much of it , either .
This , friends , is the trouble with HR .
In a knowledge economy , companies that have the best talent win .
We all know that .
Human resources execs should be making the most of our , well , human resources — finding the best hires , nurturing the stars , fostering a productive work environment — just as IT runs the computers and finance minds the capital .
HR should be joined to business strategy at the hip .
Instead , most HR organizations have ghettoized themselves literally to the brink of obsolescence .
They are competent at the administrivia of pay , benefits , and retirement , but companies increasingly are farming those functions out to contractors who can handle such routine tasks at lower expense .
What ’s left is the more important strategic role of raising the reputational and intellectual capital of the company — but HR is , it turns out , uniquely unsuited for that .
Here ’s why .
1 . HR people are n’t the sharpest tacks in the box .
We ’ll be blunt :
If you are an ambitious young thing newly graduated from a top college or B - school with your eye on a rewarding career in business , your first instinct is not to join the human - resources dance .
( At the University of Michigan ’s Ross School of Business , which arguably boasts the nation ’s top faculty for organizational issues , just 1.2 % of 2004 grads did so . )
Says a management professor at one leading school : “ The best and the brightest do n’t go into HR . ”
Who does ?
Intelligent people , sometimes — but not businesspeople .
“ HR does n’t tend to hire a lot of independent thinkers or people who stand up as moral compasses , ” says Garold L. Markle , a longtime human - resources executive at Exxon and Shell Offshore who now runs his own consultancy .
Some are exiles from the corporate mainstream :
They ’ve fared poorly in meatier roles — but not poorly enough to be fired .
For them , and for their employers , HR represents a relatively low - risk parking spot .
advertisement
Others enter the field by choice and with the best of intentions , but for the wrong reasons .
They like working with people , and they want to be helpful — noble motives that thoroughly tick off some HR thinkers .
“ When people have come to me and said , ‘ I want to work with people , ’ I say , ‘ Good , go be a social worker , ’ ” says Arnold Kanarick , who has headed human resources at the Limited and , until recently , at Bear Stearns .
“ HR is n’t about being a do - gooder .
It ’s about how do you get the best and brightest people and raise the value of the firm . ”
The really scary news is that the gulf between capabilities and job requirements appears to be widening .
As business and legal demands on the function intensify , staffers ’ educational qualifications have n’t kept pace .
In fact , according to a survey by the Society for Human Resource Management ( SHRM ) , a considerably smaller proportion of HR professionals today have some education beyond a bachelor ’s degree than in 1990 .
And here ’s one more slice of telling SHRM data :
When HR professionals were asked about the worth of various academic courses toward a “ successful career in HR , ” 83 % said that classes in interpersonal communications skills had “ extremely high value . ”
Employment law and business ethics followed , at 71 % and 66 % , respectively .
Where was change management ?
At 35 % .
Strategic management ?
32 % . Finance ?
Um , that was just 2 % .
The truth ?
Most human - resources managers are n’t particularly interested in , or equipped for , doing business .
And in a business , that ’s sort of a problem .
As guardians of a company ’s talent , HR has to understand how people serve corporate objectives .
Instead , “ business acumen is the single biggest factor that HR professionals in the U.S. lack today , ” says Anthony J. Rucci , executive vice president at Cardinal Health Inc. , a big health - care supply distributor .
Rucci is consistently mentioned by academics , consultants , and other HR leaders as an executive who actually does know business .
At Baxter International , he ran both HR and corporate strategy .
Before that , at Sears , he led a study of results at 800 stores over five years to assess the connection between employee commitment , customer loyalty , and profitability .
As far as Rucci is concerned , there are three questions that any decent HR person in the world should be able to answer .
First , who is your company ’s core customer ?
“ Have you talked to one lately ?
Do you know what challenges they face ? ”
Second , who is the competition ?
“ What do they do well and not well ? ”
And most important , who are we ?
“ What is a realistic assessment of what we do well and not so well vis a vis the customer and the competition ? ”
advertisement
Does your HR pro know the answers ?
2 . HR pursues efficiency in lieu of value .
Why ?
Because it ’s easier — and easier to measure .
Dave Ulrich , a professor at the University of Michigan , recalls meeting with the chairman and top HR people from a big bank .
“ The training person said that 80 % of employees have done at least 40 hours in classes .
The chairman said , ‘ Congratulations . ’
I said , ‘ You ’re talking about the activities you ’re doing .
The question is , What are you delivering ? ’ ” That sort of stuff drives Ulrich nuts .
Over 20 years , he has become the HR trade ’s best - known guru ( see “ The Once and Future Consultant , ” page 48 ) and a leading proponent of the push to take on more - strategic roles within corporations .
But human - resources managers , he acknowledges , typically undermine that effort by investing more importance in activities than in outcomes .
“ You ’re only effective if you add value , ” Ulrich says .
“ That means you ’re not measured by what you do but by what you deliver . ”
By that , he refers not just to the value delivered to employees and line managers , but the benefits that accrue to investors and customers , as well .
So here ’s a true story : A talented young marketing exec accepts a job offer with Time Warner out of business school .
She interviews for openings in several departments — then is told by HR that only one is interested in her .
In fact , she learns later , they all had been .
She had been railroaded into the job , under the supervision of a widely reviled manager , because no one inside the company would take it .
You make the call : Did HR do its job ?
On the one hand , it filled the empty slot .
“ It did what was organizationally expedient , ” says the woman now .
“ Getting someone who would n’t kick and scream about this role probably made sense to them .
But I just felt angry . ”
She left Time Warner after just a year .
( A Time Warner spokesperson declined to comment on the incident . )
Part of the problem is that Time Warner ’s metrics likely will never catch the real cost of its HR department ’s action .
Human resources can readily provide the number of people it hired , the percentage of performance evaluations completed , and the extent to which employees are satisfied or not with their benefits .
But only rarely does it link any of those metrics to business performance .
advertisement
John W. Boudreau , a professor at the University of Southern California ’s Center for Effective Organizations , likens the failing to shortcomings of the finance function before DuPont figured out how to calculate return on investment in 1912 .
In HR , he says , “ we do n’t have anywhere near that kind of logical sophistication in the way of people or talent .
So the decisions that get made about that resource are far less sophisticated , reliable , and consistent . ”
Cardinal Health ’s Rucci is trying to fix that .
Cardinal regularly asks its employees 12 questions designed to measure engagement .
Among them :
Do they understand the company ’s strategy ?
Do they see the connection between that and their jobs ?
Are they proud to tell people where they work ?
Rucci correlates the results to those of a survey of 2,000 customers , as well as monthly sales data and brand - awareness scores .
“ So I do n’t know if our HR processes are having an impact ” per se , Rucci says .
“ But I know absolutely that employee - engagement scores have an impact on our business , ” accounting for between 1 % and 10 % of earnings , depending on the business and the employee ’s role .
“ Cardinal may not anytime soon get invited by the Conference Board to explain our world - class best practices in any area of HR — and I could n’t care less .
The real question is , Is the business effective and successful ? ” 3 . HR is n’t working for you .
Want to know why you go through that asinine performance appraisal every year , really ?
Markle , who admits to having administered countless numbers of them over the years , is pleased to confirm your suspicions .
Companies , he says “ are doing it to protect themselves against their own employees , ” he says .
“ They put a piece of paper between you and employees , so if you ever have a confrontation , you can go to the file and say , ‘ Here , I ’ve documented this problem . ’ ” There ’s a good reason for this defensive stance , of course .
In the last two generations , government has created an immense thicket of labor regulations .
Equal Employment Opportunity ; Fair Labor Standards ; Occupational Safety and Health ; Family and Medical Leave ; and the ever - popular ERISA .
These are complex , serious issues requiring technical expertise , and HR has to apply reasonable caution .
But “ it ’s easy to get sucked down into that , ” says Mark Royal , a senior consultant with Hay Group .
“ There ’s a tension created by HR ’s role as protector of corporate assets — making sure it does n’t run afoul of the rules .
That puts you in the position of saying no a lot , of playing the bad cop .
You have to step out of that , see the broad possibilities , and take a more open - minded approach .
You need to understand where the exceptions to broad policies can be made . ”
advertisement
Typically , HR people can’t , or wo n’t .
Instead , they pursue standardization and uniformity in the face of a workforce that is heterogeneous and complex .
A manager at a large capital leasing company complains that corporate HR is trying to eliminate most vice - president titles there — even though veeps are a dime a dozen in the finance industry .
Why ?
Because in the company ’s commercial business , vice president is a rank reserved for the top officers .
In its drive for bureaucratic “ fairness , ” HR is actually threatening the reputation , and so the effectiveness , of the company ’s finance professionals .
The urge for one - size - fits - all , says one professor who studies the field , “ is partly about compliance , but mostly because it ’s just easier . ”
Bureaucrats everywhere abhor exceptions — not just because they open up the company to charges of bias but because they require more than rote solutions .
They ’re time - consuming and expensive to manage .
Make one exception , HR fears , and the floodgates will open .
There ’s a contradiction here , of course : Making exceptions should be exactly what human resources does , all the time — not because it ’s nice for employees , but because it drives the business .
Employers keep their best people by acknowledging and rewarding their distinctive performance , not by treating them the same as everyone else .
“ If I ’m running a business , I can tell you who ’s really helping to drive the business forward , ” says Dennis Ackley , an employee communication consultant .
“ HR should have the same view .
We should send the message that we value our high - performing employees and we ’re focused on rewarding and retaining them . ”
Instead , human - resources departments benchmark salaries , function by function and job by job , against industry standards , keeping pay — even that of the stars — within a narrow band determined by competitors .
They bounce performance appraisals back to managers who rate their employees too highly , unwilling to acknowledge accomplishments that would merit much more than the 4 % companywide increase .
Human resources , in other words , forfeits long - term value for short - term cost efficiency .
A simple test :
Who does your company ’s vice president of human resources report to ?
If it ’s the CFO — and chances are good it is — then HR is headed in the wrong direction .
“ That ’s a model that cannot work , ” says one top HR exec who has been there .
“ A financial person is concerned with taking money out of the organization .
HR should be concerned with putting investments in . ”
4 . The corner office does n’t get HR ( and vice versa ) .
I ’m at another rockin ’ party : a few dozen midlevel human - resources managers at a hotel restaurant in Mahwah , New Jersey .
It is not glam in any way .
( I ’ve got to get a better travel agent . )
But it is telling , in a hopeful way .
Hunter Douglas , a $ 2.1 billion manufacturer of window coverings , has brought its HR staff here from across the United States to celebrate their accomplishments .
advertisement
The company ’s top brass is on hand .
Marvin B. Hopkins , president and CEO of North American operations , lays on the praise : “ I feel fantastic about your achievements , ” he says .
“ Our business is about people .
Hiring , training , and empathizing with employees is extremely important .
When someone is fired or leaves , we ’ve failed in some way .
People have to feel they have a place at the company , a sense of ownership . ”
So , yeah , it ’s corporate - speak in a drab exurban office park .
But you know what ?
The human - resources managers from Tupelo and Dallas are totally pumped up .
They ’ve been flown into headquarters , they ’ve had their picture taken with the boss , and they ’re seeing Mamma Mia on Broadway that afternoon on the company ’s dime .
Can your HR department say it has the ear of top management ?
Probably not .
“ Sometimes , ” says Ulrich , “ line managers just have this legacy of HR in their minds , and they ca n’t get rid of it .
I felt really badly for one HR guy .
The chairman wanted someone to plan company picnics and manage the union , and every time this guy tried to be strategic , he got shot down . ”
Say what ?
Execs do n’t think HR matters ?
What about all that happy talk about employees being their most important asset ?
Well , that turns out to have been a small misunderstanding .
In the 1990s , a group of British academics examined the relationship between what companies ( among them , the UK units of Hewlett - Packard and Citibank ) said about their human assets and how they actually behaved .
The results were , perhaps , inevitable .
In their rhetoric , human - resources organizations embraced the language of a “ soft ” approach , speaking of training , development , and commitment .
But “ the underlying principle was invariably restricted to the improvements of bottom - line performance , ” the authors wrote in the resulting book , Strategic Human Resource Management ( Oxford University Press , 1999 ) .
“ Even if the rhetoric of HRM is soft , the reality is almost always ‘ hard , ’ with the interests of the organization prevailing over those of the individual . ”
In the best of worlds , says London Business School professor Lynda Gratton , one of the study ’s authors , “ the reality should be some combination of hard and soft . ”
That ’s what ’s going on at Hunter Douglas .
Human resources can address the needs of employees because it has proven its business mettle — and vice versa .
Betty Lou Smith , the company ’s vice president of corporate HR , began investigating the connection between employee turnover and product quality .
Divisions with the highest turnover rates , she found , were also those with damaged - goods rates of 5 % or higher .
And extraordinarily , 70 % of employees were leaving the company within six months of being hired .
advertisement
Smith ’s staffers learned that new employees were leaving for a variety of reasons :
They did n’t feel respected , they did n’t have input in decisions , but mostly , they felt a lack of connection when they were first hired .
“ We gave them a 10 - minute orientation , then they were out on the floor , ” Smith says .
She addressed the weakness by creating a mentoring program that matched new hires with experienced workers .
The latter were suspicious at first , but eventually , the mentor positions ( with spiffy shirts and caps ) came to be seen as prestigious .
The six - month turnover rate dropped dramatically , to 16 % .
Attendance and productivity — and the damaged - goods rate — improved .
“ We do n’t wait to hear from top management , ” Smith says .
“ You ca n’t just sit in the corner and look at benefits .
We have to know what the issues in our business are .
HR has to step up and assume responsibility , not wait for management to knock on our door . ”
But most HR people do .
Hunter Douglas gives us a glimmer of hope — of the possibility that HR can be done right .
And surely , even within ineffective human - resources organizations , there are great individual HR managers — trustworthy , caring people with their ears to the ground , who are sensitive to cultural nuance yet also understand the business and how people fit in .
Professionals who move voluntarily into HR from line positions can prove especially adroit , bringing a profit - and - loss sensibility and strong management skills .
At Yahoo , Libby Sartain , chief people officer , is building a group that may prove to be the truly effective human - resources department that employees and executives imagine .
In this , Sartain enjoys two advantages .
First , she arrived with a reputation as a creative maverick , won in her 13 years running HR at Southwest Airlines .
And second , she had license from the top to do whatever it took to create a world - class organization .
Sartain does n’t just have a “ seat at the table ” at Yahoo ; she actually helped build the table , instituting a weekly operations meeting that she coordinates with COO Dan Rosensweig .
Talent is always at the top of the agenda — and at the end of each meeting , the executive team mulls individual development decisions on key staffers .
advertisement
That meeting , Sartain says , “ sends a strong message to everyone at Yahoo that we ca n’t do anything without HR . ”
It also signals to HR staffers that they ’re responsible for more than shuffling papers and getting in the way .
“ We view human resources as the caretaker of the largest investment of the company , ” Sartain says .
“ If you ’re not nurturing that investment and watching it grow , you ’re not doing your job . ”
Yahoo , say some experts and peers at other organizations , is among a few companies — among them Cardinal Health , Procter & Gamble , Pitney Bowes , Goldman Sachs , and General Electric — that truly are bringing human resources into the realm of business strategy .
But they are indeed the few .
USC professor Edward E. Lawler III says that last year HR professionals reported spending 23 % of their time “ being a strategic business partner ” — no more than they reported in 1995 .
And line managers , he found , said HR is far less involved in strategy than HR thinks it is .
“ Despite great huffing and puffing about strategy , ” Lawler says , “ there ’s still a long way to go . ” ( Indeed .
When I asked one midlevel HR person exactly how she was involved in business strategy for her division , she excitedly described organizing a monthly lunch for her vice president with employees . )
What ’s driving the strategy disconnect ?
London Business School ’s Gratton spends a lot of time training human - resources professionals to create more impact .
She sees two problems : Many HR people , she says , bring strong technical expertise to the party but no “ point of view about the future and how organizations are going to change . ”
And second , “ it ’s very difficult to align HR strategy to business strategy , because business strategy changes very fast , and it ’s hard to fiddle around with a compensation strategy or benefits to keep up . ”
More than simply understanding strategy , Gratton says , truly effective executives “ need to be operating out of a set of principles and personal values . ”
And few actually do .
In the meantime , economic natural selection is , in a way , taking care of the problem for us .
Some 94 % of large employers surveyed this year by Hewitt Associates reported they were outsourcing at least one human - resources activity .
By 2008 , according to the survey , many plan to expand outsourcing to include activities such as learning and development , payroll , recruiting , health and welfare , and global mobility .
Which is to say , they will farm out pretty much everything HR does .
The happy rhetoric from the HR world says this is all for the best :
Outsourcing the administrative minutiae , after all , would allow human - resources professionals to focus on more important stuff that ’s central to the business .
You know , being strategic partners .
The problem , if you ’re an HR person , is this :
The tasks companies are outsourcing — the administrivia — tend to be what you ’re good at .
And what ’s left is n’t exactly your strong suit .
Human resources is crippled by what Jay Jamrog , executive director of the Human Resource Institute , calls “ educated incapacity :
You ’re smart , and you know the way you ’re working today is n’t going to hold 10 years from now .
But you ca n’t move to that level .
You ’re stuck . ”
advertisement
That ’s where human resources is today .
Stuck .
“ This is a unique organization in the company , ” says USC ’s Boudreau .
“ It discovers things about the business through the lens of people and talent .
That ’s an opportunity for competitive advantage . ”
In most companies , that opportunity is utterly wasted .
And that ’s why I do n’t like HR .
I have n’t been able to find information on the largest lawsuit in history but I ’m sure this one is right up at the top .
The RIAA ( yes , I was just as shocked as you ;) ) is suing the website AllofMP3.com on behalf of EMI , Sony BMG , Universal Music , and Warner Music in the amount of $ 150,000 for each of the 11 million songs that were downloaded from June to October of 2006 .
That comes to a lawsuit totaling $ 1.65 trillion !
For those of you who have been hibernating for the last few months I ’ll give you a quick run down on the excitement that AllofMP3.com has had .
They are a Russian music website that operates legally in Russia but it is deemed illegal in other countries , such as the United States , because they do n’t pay royalties to the artists .
The RIAA continues to do everything in their power to shutdown the site but their attempts fail one after another .
The United States even went as far as blocking Russia ’s entrance into the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) until they shutdown the site .
I find this whole situation to be pretty amusing and love hearing about all of the new threats that continue to evolve .
Oh yeah , and if you have n’t joined AllofMP3.com or you need to add more money to your account they ’ll give you a 20 % bonus ( until January 14 , 2007 ) .
So there has never been a better time to get your music from a Russian site ! ;)
FUZHOU , China -
One of China 's newest factories operates here in the basement of an old warehouse .
Posters of World of Warcraft and Magic Land hang above a corps of young people glued to their computer screens , pounding away at their keyboards in the latest hustle for money .
The people working at this clandestine locale are " gold farmers . "
Every day , in 12 - hour shifts , they " play " computer games by killing onscreen monsters and winning battles , harvesting artificial gold coins and other virtual goods as rewards that , as it turns out , can be transformed into real cash .
That is because , from Seoul to San Francisco , affluent online gamers who lack the time and patience to work their way up to the higher levels of gamedom are willing to pay the young Chinese here to play the early rounds for them .
" For 12 hours a day , 7 days a week , my colleagues and I are killing monsters , " said a 23 - year - old gamer who works here in this makeshift factory and goes by the online code name Wandering .
" I make about $ 250 a month , which is pretty good compared with the other jobs I 've had .
And I can play games all day . "
Project schedules are obviously important for project managers and team leads .
They are often asked questions like " When will this project be finished ? " , with a typical follow - up question of " Can it be done sooner ? " .
So one key responsibility of project managers is to create and maintain the project schedule .
Does this mean that software developers can remain blissfully ignorant about project schedules ?
I say no .
There are many good reasons why developers need to understand project schedules .
When the project manager asks you how long it will take to do a task , the process of creating an estimate is essentially like creating a project schedule .
As a senior developer , you might have junior developers working under you , and now have to provide estimates for their tasks .
Junior or senior , poor decisions made by developers as they design and code the software can significantly increase the time spent on a feature .
Developers ignorant of the schedule are more likely to negatively impact the schedule because of this .
Often there is pressure to complete the project quicker - perhaps the customer wants the software sooner , or the project manager wants to finish ' early ' in order to look good .
The result can be an unrealistic or impossible project schedule imposed on the developers .
The consequences are increased stress , overtime , and missed milestones .
Understanding project schedules can help you negotiate a more reasonable schedule .
Project schedules depend on four inter-related factors : time , resources , scope and quality .
Time is how long it will take to get the work done .
Resources are the people that actually get the work done - the developers , testers , analysts , etc .
Scope is the amount of work that needs to be done .
Quality represents all aspects of quality concerning the software and the project , the most obvious of which is the defect rate .
These factors are inter-dependent : you cannot change one without affecting the others .
For example , what if your project is scheduled to take ten weeks , and you are suddenly told it must be done in seven ?
You do n't get more people ( resources ) , nor can you eliminate some features ( scope ) or reduce the quality .
Since you cannot change any of the other factors , you cannot change the amount of time required to complete the project .
Sometimes people think that the project schedule is the reality , when it is actually a forecast that tries to predict what the future will be like .
If conditions change , then you can update your schedule .
But you cannot arbitrarily modify the schedule : this will cause it to diverge from reality and make it useless or even harmful .
In management books , it is common for quality to be left out as a main factor and instead be treated as an aspect of scope , leaving just three main factors of time , resources and scope .
( See for example Rapid Development by Steve McConnell , page 126 . )
This is a reasonable choice that produces a simpler model .
However , I prefer to have quality be a separate factor on its own .
When project time lines are arbitrarily shrunk and the project finishes earlier , it is often because the quality of the software has been sacrificed in order to meet the aggressive deadline .
By making quality a fourth factor of equal standing with the others , the trade - off between time , resources , or scope and quality becomes more apparent .
To me , quality represents more than just the defect rate : it also includes the non-functional , implicit software requirements such as usability , maintainability , and scalability .
Any change to the project schedule typically involves a trade - off between two or more factors .
You can reduce the time required to complete the project if you reduce the number of features to be delivered .
If you want to implement more features , you can add more resources or increase the time required .
If half - way through the project you lose a developer , you 'll either need to increase the time required till completion , or reduce the number of features .
I created an applet called the Management Diamond to visually represent the relationship between the four factors of project schedules .
This software is available to run or download from my Software page .
This software is strictly for educational purposes , and is not meant to be accurate .
It uses a constant , linear relationship between the four factors .
In reality , relationships between the factors are not always linear , nor do they stay constant throughout the project .
If the quality is poor - many defects or difficult - to - maintain code - instead of saving time you will spend extra time due to the overhead imposed by the poor quality .
At the start of a project , adding people will help you get more done in less time .
But near the end of a project , Brook 's law states the opposite : " Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later " .
Brook 's law comes true when the overhead spent by existing project resources in training the new additions to the team is greater than the contribution provided by the new people .
In essence , while you have increased your resources , you have also increased your scope to include some new work - train the new people .
As software developers , we have limited control or influence over the number of people available for the project or the time available to complete the work .
Often , even project managers have little control over resources and time .
Lowering quality below a certain level hurts rather than helps .
But scope - the remaining factor - is one we can play a significant role in determining .
The requirements phase of a project is the best time to control or reduce the scope .
As requirements are being gathered , we can provide guidance on the level of effort required for each requirement .
We can also suggest changes that reduce the level of effort , often with limited or no impact to users .
With this information , the customer can make intelligent decisions about the value of each requirement in relation to the effort required .
If resources or time is limited then this is the best point in the project to reduce the total effort required by controlling the scope .
Once construction begins and we are designing and coding individual features , we can still have a major impact on the scope .
Often the requirements we are working from are sufficiently vague that we have several options for how to proceed .
The more elaborate and complex the solution we choose , the longer it will take .
The difference between the time required for the simplest versus the most elaborate solution can be several orders of magnitude .
Rapid Development ( page 332-333 ) has an excellent example of this .
For a project to create a charting program , there is a requirement to support polymarkers ( symbols like squares , circles , etc. that indicate positions on a graph ) .
The requirement does not address what size these polymarkers should be , or whether the user should have control over the size .
The simplest solution is to define constants in the code for these sizes , thus providing no ability for them to be changed .
Time required : a few minutes .
One of the most complex options is to provide a user interface for the user to specify the size of each of the polymarker shapes .
Time required : a week or more .
This tremendous variance in scope arises from a seemingly trivial aspect of the original requirement - the polymarker sizes .
A developer unaware of the impact on the project schedule may by default choose the more complex solution - this is a natural bias for many developers .
Combine this with similar decisions on other features , and the project will likely end up far behind its original schedule .
As software developers , our actions impact the project schedule , and we in turn are affected by the constraints imposed by the schedule .
Understanding project schedules - the four factors of time , resources , scope , and quality - is therefore a necessity for us as professionals .
To learn more about project schedules , I recommend the book Rapid Development by Steve McConnell .
Tweet
If you find this article helpful , please make a donation .
Some feel better upon waking than others
A University of Colorado team found understanding and short - term memory were worse in the minutes after waking .
Their finding has implications for workers such as doctors on night - duty , who are awoken and immediately asked to perform important tasks .
The study appears in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
For a short period , at least , the effects of sleep inertia may be as bad as or worse than being legally drunk
Professor Kenneth Wright , University of Colorado
After the study participants had had six nights of monitored sleep lasting eight hours per night , they were given a performance test that involved adding randomly generated , two - digit numbers .
Based on the results of this test , the researchers concluded the subjects exhibited the most severe impairments to their short - term memory , counting skills and cognitive abilities from sleep inertia within the first three minutes after awakening .
The most severe effects of sleep inertia generally dissipated within the first 10 minutes , although its effects were often detectable for up to two hours , they added .
' At risk '
None of the nine study participants had any medical , psychiatric or sleep disorders and were not using alcohol , nicotine , recreational drugs or caffeine .
They had also spent several hours each day practising the maths test used to quantify sleep inertia .
The study follows other research which has looked at the effects of going without sleep for over 24 hours - and found that has the same effect as being drunk .
Professor Kenneth Wright , who led the study , said : " This is the first time anyone has quantified the effects of sleep inertia .
" We found the cognitive skills of test subjects were worse upon awakening than after extended sleep deprivation .
" For a short period , at least , the effects of sleep inertia may be as bad as or worse than being legally drunk . "
He said the explanation could be that certain areas of the brain take longer to " wake up " .
Other research has found the prefrontal cortex - responsible for problem solving , emotion and complex thought - is one of those areas which takes longer to come " on-line " following sleep .
Professor Wright said doctors on night shifts , who may get awoken to treat an emergency , or ambulance workers and firefighters who may have to get up and drive to the scene of an incident , could be putting themselves - or others - at risk .
He said the study also illuminates the challenges faced by everyday people who are forced to make crucial decisions following abrupt awakening .
" If a person is awakened suddenly by a fire alarm , for example , motivation alone may be insufficient to overcome the effects of sleep inertia . "
He said further research was needed to measure the effects of nap interruption and " recovery sleep " in on - call , sleep - deprived people .
' Waking time important '
Dr Neil Stanley , of the British Sleep Society , said : " There are a lot of people , like junior doctors , where it's not the number of hours they work that matters , it 's when they sleep and how they feel when they wake up .
" Nobody should be doing anything really important for 15 to 30 minutes after they wake up . "
He said people could perform less well than when they had been awake for a long time .
" If you are asleep , it 's a much bigger transition to go from that to being awake than to stay awake , even for a long time , because then you 'll be aware you are drowsy . "
Dynamic Drive CSS Library
Welcome to Dynamic Drive 's new CSS library !
Here you 'll find original , practical CSS codes and examples such as CSS menus to give your site a visual boast .
CSS Library - What 's New
CSS Layouts
Browse the CSS Layouts section for tableless templates ranging from two columns , 3 columns , to liquid and CSS frames .
Web Design related Graphics
Web Design Icons / Buttons New !
Visit our new Web Design Graphics section for a small but high quality collection of icons and buttons for your site .
All free , royalty free .
Dynamic Drive Blog
DD Tab Menu - incorporating 5 CSS horizontal menus Date : 04/27/2007 |
By ddadmin | Comments : 53 2 level Tab Menu based 5 of the CSS horizontal menus found here .
Turn to this script when you need your CSS menu to support a second horizontal level .
Oh yes , and if you like the script please digg it ( to the right ) !
I 've decided to create abased 5 of the CSS horizontal menus found here .
Turn to this script when you need your CSS menu to support a second horizontal level .
Oh yes , and if you like the script please digg it ( to the right ) !
/ by Matt
The next generation of DVD formats are on their way , and one of them is HD DVD , supporting HD 1920 ×1080 video , high quality surround sound , and many advanced interactive features .
Today , Michael Becker from Skywalk Mastering GmbH / Imagion AG in Germany sent us an email telling us that his company had produced the first ever European HD DVD title : Elephants Dream .
Michael tells us :
I am very happy to let you know that we worked very hard over the last weeks to produce an “ Elephants Dream ” HD DVD .
This is the first ( ! ) ever European HD DVD title and it will introduce the start of the next generation format in Europe .
As the whole European PC and movie magazines are waiting for a first HD DVD title in Europe this will be a hugh success for your movie and I am sure this will go through the press worldwide .
Today there are worldwide ( USA / Japan ) only approx .
40 titles available .
The HD DVD format was released in April this year in Japan and might be the new HD disc Format for the future .
A European start of the format is planned for approx .
October 2006 .
The process to programm and author an HD DVD is very complex this is why no title has been produced in Europe so far ( tools are not ready right now ) .
Not only that Elephants Dream is the first European HD DVD release it is also ( as far as I know ) the most complex HD DVD title ever release worldwide and the picture quality is really great .
The disc includes most of the new HD DVD functionalities such as “ on the fly menus ” , Picture in Picture features and some HD / SD comparison functions .
We expect that the disc will have cult status very soon and promote the Elephants Dream movie .
The full press release is available here at their Elephants Dream HD DVD microsite .
The story has already been covered by German technology news websites heise .
de and mediabiz.de .
This is a fantastic surprise , none of our team knew that this was in production , and judging by the making of videos on their website , it looks like they ’ve put an enormous amount of work into the project too .
Also possible download music of the game with site www.kazeban.biz
The HD DVD is for sale for € 14.90 which covers their production costs .
It ’s wonderful that people are taking advantage of the Creative Commons license like this , it ’s exactly what ’s encouraged .
This is very positive and benefits all parties , increasing Orange and Blender recognition throughout the industry and providing a great showcase for the talents of the Imagion staff .
It ’s time for a puzzle again !
( submitted by sheepmaster )
Calculate in x86 assembly language the arithmetic mean ( a+b ) / 2 of two signed integers a and b .
If you think this is trivial , consider the following edge cases : a = b = 0x7 FFFFFFF and a = 0x7FFFFFFF , b = 0x80000000 .
Again , the standard rules apply : a and b are in general purpose registers of your choice , the result can be in any register , and any register can be overwritten .
Oh , and by the way , using larger data types is n’t allowed either ( that would make things too easy , would n’t it ? ) .
By Paul Rincon
BBC News science reporter
The meteorite fell to Earth in Egypt in 1911 ( Image : Natural History Museum )
The material resembles that found in fractures , or " veins " , apparently etched by microbes in volcanic glass from the Earth 's ocean floor .
Details will be presented at the Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in Houston , Texas , next month .
All the processes of life on Earth are based on the element carbon .
Proving carbon in Martian meteorites is indigenous - and not contamination from Earth - is crucial to the question of whether life once arose on the Red Planet .
We do n't exactly know what it means yet , but it's all over the thin sections of the Nakhla material
Kathy Thomas - Keprta , Lockheed Martin
But the evidence so far is unlikely to convince the sceptics .
The research team includes scientists who brought evidence for microbial life in another Martian meteorite , ALH84001 , to the world 's attention in 1998 .
The Martian meteorites are an extremely rare class of rocks .
They are all believed to have been blasted off the surface of the Red Planet by huge impacts ; the material would have drifted through space for millions of years before falling to Earth .
Fresh samples
The latest data comes from examination of a piece of the famous Nakhla meteorite which came down in Egypt , in 1911 , breaking up into many fragments .
London 's Natural History Museum , which holds several intact chunks of the meteorite , agreed for Nasa researchers to break one open , providing fresh samples .
Dendritic material in the Nakhla meteorite is rich in carbon
" I think it 's too early to say how [ the carbonaceous material ] got there ... the important thing is that people are always arguing with fallen meteorites that this is something that got in there after it fell to Earth .
" I think we can dismiss that .
There 's no way a solid piece of carbon got inside a meteorite . "
Analysis of the interior revealed channels and pores filled with a complex mixture of carbon compounds .
Some of this forms a dark , branching - or dendritic - material when seen under the microscope .
" It 's really interesting material .
We do n't exactly know what it means yet , but it's all over the thin sections of the Nakhla material , " said co-author Kathie Thomas Keprta , of Lockheed Martin Corporation and Nasa 's Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas .
' Indigenous component '
Peter Buseck , regent 's professor of geological sciences at Arizona State University , told the BBC News website that he found no strong evidence of a biological origin for the carbon in the meteorite .
He added that it was difficult to determine the origin of carbon in rocks based on microscopy .
Previous studies of the forms - or isotopes - of carbon in the Nakhla meteorite found a component of which more than 75 % is lacking any carbon - 14 .
Since all terrestrial life forms contain some carbon - 14 , this component was thought to be either indigenous carbon from Mars or ancient meteoritic carbon .
Professor Pillinger and colleagues are carrying out direct isotopic analysis of the carbonaceous material , but he admits terrestrial contamination is occurring when thin slices of the meteorite are made for analysis .
The same team brought claims about ALH84001 to the world 's attention
If it is indigenous to Mars , the authors say the " carbonaceous material " came either from another space rock that smashed into Mars hundreds of thousands of years ago , or is a relic of microbial activity .
A resemblance between the material in the meteorite and features of microbial activity in volcanic glass from our planet 's ocean floor further support the idea they are biological in origin , says the paper .
If this is the case , the remains of these organisms and their slimy coatings might provide the the carbon - rich material found in Nakhla , the researchers argue .
The 37th Lunar and Planetary Science Conference runs from 13 - 17 March in Houston , Texas .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
One of the cornerstones of the Republican Party ’s strategy for winning elections these days is voter suppression , intentionally putting up barriers between eligible voters and the ballot box .
The House of Representatives took a shameful step in this direction yesterday , voting largely along party lines for onerous new voter ID requirements .
Laws of this kind are unconstitutional , as an array of courts have already held , and profoundly undemocratic .
The Senate should not go along with this cynical , un-American electoral strategy .
The bill the House passed yesterday would require people to show photo ID to vote in 2008 .
Starting in 2010 , that photo ID would have to be something like a passport , or an enhanced kind of driver ’s license or non-driver ’s identification , containing proof of citizenship .
This is a level of identification that many Americans simply do not have .
The bill was sold as a means of deterring vote fraud , but that is a phony argument .
There is no evidence that a significant number of people are showing up at the polls pretending to be other people , or that a significant number of noncitizens are voting .
Noncitizens , particularly undocumented ones , are so wary of getting into trouble with the law that it is hard to imagine them showing up in any numbers and trying to vote .
The real threat of voter fraud on a large scale lies with electronic voting , a threat Congress has refused to do anything about .
In an attempt to treat a rare and lethal type of brain tumor , doctors are turning to an unlikely source : scorpion venom .
A team of researchers administered a synthetic form of a protein found in Giant Yellow Israeli scorpion venom to patients suffering from malignant glioma tumors , a type of brain cancer that strikes people in their fifties .
In the wild , this scorpion preys on cockroaches — the protein in their venom binds to cockroach nerve cells , paralyzing the bugs for easy eating .
Through a quirk of nature , malignant glioma cells also have a receptor that attracts this protein , but healthy human cells do not .
The researchers took advantage of this peculiarity to use the venom to deliver radiation directly to tumor cells .
“ It ’s like a smart bomb , in a way , ” explains Sith Sathornsumetee , a neuro - oncologist at Duke University Medical Center , who was not involved in this research .
In this study , the scientists attached radioactive iodine to the venom protein so that they could use scans to see where the venom ended up in the patients ’ bodies .
The hope was that the radiation would be delivered right to the malignant cells , killing some of them .
The team reported success in the August issue of the Journal of Clinical Oncology — they found the venom protein attached to tumor cells but not to any other cells , and the treatment had few side effects .
“ It is pretty encouraging that there was no toxicity , ” says Adam N. Mamelak , a neurosurgeon at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , who led the research team .
While this study was primarily designed to test the safety of using the venom protein , the researchers also monitored the survival times of their patients .
Gliomas are deadly — less than 20 percent of people with this cancer live for a year after they first experience symptoms like headaches and seizures .
In this study , however , patients fared much better than the average glioma patient .
Some survived for more than two and a half years .
“ They had surprisingly good outcomes , ” says John W. Henson , a neuro - oncologist at Massachusetts General Hospital , who is not affiliated with the study .
But other factors beyond the venom treatment could have contributed to the lack of side effects and high survival rates , point out both Sathornsumetee and Henson .
The patients were young , in good physical condition , and still able to go to work .
These three factors , says Henson , are important in determining a patient ’s prognosis .
“ We have to take this with a grain of salt , ” says Henson .
Preliminary studies like this one often “ turn out to be not as exciting , ” he warns .
“ We do n’t want to jump to conclusions , ” agrees Sathornsumetee .
But , “ it looks promising . ”
Just how scorpion venom will figure into glioma treatment is not yet known .
Currently , another trial is underway to see how effective this treatment is in a larger group of patients .
The researchers expect to complete that study in about a year .
So close , but no cigar [ Jan. 30th , 2007 | 08:43 am ] Ulrich Drepper
It 's nice to see some people actually look at their DSO 's and rewrite them to not be resource hogs .
One late example is this PCRE code and the optimization done by one Marco Barisione who should be applauded for starting the work .
But then this :
const char * _pcre_ucp_names = " Any\0 " " Arabic\0 " " Armenian\0 " ... " Zs " ;
This is a global variable .
Anybody seeing what is wrong ?
What this does is define a variable in .data ( it 's modifiable ) which points to a constant string .
This means
An additional variable
More attack points , the variable is writable
An additional relocation
Getting the string address requires a memory load and accessing the string itself requires two memory loads
People , think before writing code !
All that is needed here is name for the memory area containing the constant string .
I.e. :
const char _pcre_ucp_names [ ] = " Any\0 " " Arabic\0 " " Armenian\0 " ... " Zs " ;
See the difference ?
This one character removed and two added make all the difference in the world .
The binary is smaller ( at least 32 bytes on x86 - 64 , more counting the simpler memory access in the actual code ) , one less relative relocation , faster code at runtime since the code to compute the string address needs no memory access .
Sweet Pea owners : ' We did n't want this '
Jail time for taking food from trash ‘ ridiculous , ’ Hieb says
 One of the owners of a fresh produce store said Saturday that it is absurd that two men are in jail for taking spoiled fruit and vegetables from the store ’s trash area .
On Wednesday , Giles Char­lé , 24 , of Somersworth , N.H. , and David Siller , 27 , of Wayne , Pa. , pleaded guilty to misdemeanor trespass and were sentenced to spend six months in Routt County Jail and pay $ 15 in restitution to Sweet Pea Produce .
The men were on their way to the Rainbow Family of Living Light Gathering in North Routt County when they were arrested June 26 .
The men admitted that they jumped a fence and took fruits and vegetables from the garbage area at Sweet Pea .
They originally were charged with felony second - degree burglary and misdemeanor theft .
They accepted the plea agreement offered by Assistant District Attorney Kerry St. James , they said , because they did not want to risk being convicted of a felony .
“ Once I found out what these guys were being charged with , I contacted ( St. James ) , ” said Jonathon Hieb , who owns Sweet Pea with Katherine Zambrana .
“ I told him , ‘ We ’re not behind this prosecution .
We do n’t want anything to do with it . ’
I thought for sure my input would have some kind of bearing , but he was n’t hearing any of it . ”
Hieb said St. James told him he was going to make an example of the men .
On Friday , St. James said it was the men ’s decision to accept the plea agreement .
He would not comment on suggestions that he was trying to make an example of Charlé and Siller .
St. James was not available Saturday for comment .
Neither was his boss , District Attorney Bonnie Roesink .
Hieb said police contacted him the night of the incident .
Police said a neighbor had reported suspicious men at the store after hours .
When first contacted by police , Hieb said he would press charges .
He said the men were found with a Sweet Pea Produce bag , which generally only could be acquired from inside the store .
He did n’t want them released until he knew what might be missing from or damaged inside the store .
But Hieb said an inspection showed the men never entered the store and must have found one of the store ’s bags in the trash area .
When police gave Hieb and Zambrana paperwork to fill out and offer their side of what happened , Hieb and Zambrana declined and said they did not want to press charges .
“ Immediately — the next day — we said , ‘ We do n’t want anything to do with this , ’ ” Hieb said .
Hieb said he later learned from Wayne Westphale , the men ’s attorney , that they were facing felony charges .
Hieb said he agreed with Westphale ’s suggestion of 10 to 20 hours of community service as an appropriate punishment .
Westphale could not be reached Saturday for comment .
“ These guys jumped over the fence and got some over - ripe produce .
What they did , at most , was a temporary slip of judgment , ” Hieb said .
“ These guys are not criminals .
For them to be in jail is ridiculous . ”
Charlé most recently worked as a social worker .
Siller is an Americorps volunteer and a yoga instructor .
Both men had plans to go to graduate school , family and friends said .
The men could have accepted a lesser jail sentence .
“ They had a choice between accepting a deferred felony with 90 days in jail or a misdemeanor conviction with six months in jail , ” St. James said Friday .
“ It came down to whether they wanted a felony conviction with less jail time or a misdemeanor with more jail . ”
St. James also asked Judge James Garrecht to fine the men $ 42 for each day they serve in jail , the standard cost of care for inmates .
Garrecht refused .
Kris Hammond , a Steamboat Springs attorney , met with the men when they sought a second opinion in their case .
Hammond , like Westphale , advised the men to plead to the misdemeanor and accept the six - month sentence .
“ The way I put it to them was , ‘ Could you win your case ?
Yes .
But am I willing to gamble a felony conviction that you ’re going to win ?
No , ’ ” Hammond said Saturday .
Hammond said there really was no choice .
If they pleaded guilty to the felony , he said , the men faced four years of supervised probation before their records would have been cleared .
Also , they would have had to apply for an interstate transfer to serve their probation outside of Colorado .
“ Defendants are given these kinds of choices every day , ” Hammond said .
“ This one is particularly egregious , but the same kind of thing goes on in a lot of cases . ”
Shaune McCarthy Charlé , Giles Charlé ’s mother , said the men talked to several attorneys , who all advised them to take the misdemeanor deal .
“ We ’ve been working on this all summer long , ” she said .
“ We just felt like we were completely helpless .
Everyone said there was no hope , no hope , no hope .
We ’re absolutely flabbergasted by what has happened . ”
Hammond said there is little recourse for the men now , barring a decision by the DA ’s office to amend the agreement and shorten the sentence .
“ My job is to defend my clients no matter what , ” Hammond said .
“ The DA ’s job is to seek justice , not just a conviction .
It ’s hard to see the justice in this . ”
Call Scott Stanford at 871-4221 or e-mail him at sstanford@steamboatpilot.com
Laptops are blessing for many corporate workers : never before has it been so easy to bring work home and neglect one 's family to get in a few extra hours of unpaid overtime .
As eager as employees are to do this , the mean ole ' folks in IT Security are not .
They cite all these news stories about sensitive data being lost as a result of laptops and remote access , and say it 's just not safe to bring the company work home .
Thankfully , the IT Security director at MK 's company ( a fairly large banking institution ) knows that the ability to conveniently work remotely is much more important than working securely .
Shortly after some mean ole ' regulatory agency mandated that remote access is secured with a VPN that requires typing in a constantly changing passcode from a physical token , the director had just the solution for everyone ...
Hey All , I know there have been a lot of complaints about the new RSA tokens that we 've issued , in that it 's a bit of an inconvenience to carry your laptop AND an RSA token on your key ring .
Here 's a solution that will help you keep them together .
Get a bigger key ring ( we 've got a handful , first come first serve ) and put the token on the key ring using the small diameter ring on the token .
Insert the laptop 's power cord through ring , make a half hitch loop on the cord , fastening the bigger ring to the cord .
Here 's a ( blurry ) picture to give you an idea :
Regards ,
Thomas J-----
IT Security
It was the perfect addition to the name and passwords that manylaptop users had taped to the top of their screen .
And just as secure .
Egal ob Helvetica , Zapfino , Optima oder DIN Schrift , bei uns sind die besten Schriften die eigentlichen Stars dieser Internetseite .
Doch möchten wir nicht nur schöne Schriften vorstellen , sondern abseits der besten Fonts auch aufzeigen , was man mit toller Schrift auch alles so machen kann .
Nicht jeder darf eine schöne Schrift sein eigen nennen .
In diesem Sinne , ist man froh , wenn man Schrift Vorlagen im Internet findet , die eben ideal zum Anlass passen .
Vor allem jene , die Einladungskarten , Danksagungskarten , Grußkarten oder Beileidsbekundungen versenden möchten , können im Internet auf Textvorlagen und Schriften zum Herunterladen setzen , um die Karten zu optimieren .
What sort of people are we ?
What sort of warped and reckless and utterly silly value system do we suck on in this culture ?
Why are we so wildly , preternaturally terrified of all things sexual while at the same time drawn to it all like fat teenagers to french fries ?
It is a fine moment to ask .
Is it the lingering cancer of puritanism that makes us so bewildered ?
The rash - inducing wail of the evangelical right ?
How can they be slapped upside the head and put into a small cold room without windows for 10,000 years , or until they relax and take off their pants and learn to laugh again ?
Here is one example .
Here is an insidious nonstory about sex and puritanism and silly , stupid people that happened recently in our silly , stupid , morally damaged culture , and you need to know because it infects us all and we need to develop some sort of vaccine , some sort of protective body armor as soon as humanly possible .
Apparently , the PBS Sprout Network just fired one of its on - air talents , name of Melanie Martinez , the host of a nightly , three - hour show called " The Good Night Show , " which , according to the Associated Press story , " airs soothing stories and cartoons designed to get an audience of 2 - to 5 - year - olds ready for bed .
Each night , Martinez guides a puppet character into dreamland . "
Right .
So " The Good Night Show " ain't exactly " The West Wing . "
It 's not exactly " Deadwood " on HBO .
It 's a cute piece of harmless fluff on PBS that airs in about 20 million homes .
Martinez , it is reported , has a toddler of her own , which we can take to mean that she knows something about what kids like .
I 'm guessing she smiles a lot .
Is maternal .
Sits on giant , brightly colored furniture and chats with birds .
Or whatever .
Now , not owning a toddler of my own and therefore usually watching " The Daily Show " or browsing blogs during kiddie bedtime hour , I have no idea what this show is .
But it sounds just insanely sweet and safe , in the way only a show that 's designed to be televised Ambien for the pre-complete - sentence set could possibly be .
But then , a shocker .
Turns out our lovely Melanie Martinez is not what she appeared to be .
Turns out that before her gig of smiling a lot and keeping your kids company for three solid hours while you surf the Internet , Melanie Martinez had a tiny sliver of an adult life .
And what 's worse , it 's on video .
On the Internet .
Oh . My. God .
Yes , indeed , before joining PBS ( a full seven years before , mind you ) , Martinez apparently appeared in two harmless , 30 - second satire videos called " Technical Virgin " in which she spoofs PSAs by joking about -- say it with me now -- sex and virginity .
Gasp .
And PBS found out about it .
Because Martinez told them .
And , of course , PBS , spineless as a jellyfish licked by Pat Robertson , immediately fired her .
They claimed that the dialogue in Martinez 's humor videos somehow meant she was n't a good role model for their fluffy kiddie show .
A show , remember , that 's designed for 3 - year - olds .
For creatures who can barely go to the bathroom by themselves , much less understand the meaning of an adult satiric video they will never , ever see .
This is why it is so easy to hate the BushCo - drugged world .
This is why foreign countries laugh at us , and shake their heads and sigh .
We cannot walk and chew gum and think about an orgasm at the same time .
Yes , spineless PBS is to blame .
But so are we in the media , for endlessly hyping hyperbolic fear - addled stories about sexual predation and child abuse so out of scale with actual reality , it trickles down and induces spineless execs at PBS to fire Martinez because they 're openly terrified of the whiny backlash that might strike them if groups of ignorant parents ( read : red - state religious right , mostly ) found out that the host of a kiddie show actually has a sense of humor about sex in her non -kiddie - show life .
Plus , it must be said , Martinez is a woman .
She 's relatively young , attractive , alive .
She 's a vibrant , sexual being .
She is not a 60 - year - old Mrs. Doubtfire type in spectacles and a shapeless housedress .
And nothing scares media executives and right - wing religious types more than youngish women who are effortlessly unafraid of sex and sly humor .
Just ask , you know , Eve .
Still , obvious questions about PBS ' cowardly decision linger like acrid smoke .
Most notably : How is any of this logical ?
How could the kids possibly find out about Martinez 's old videos ?
How could they possibly be harmed if they never ever know ?
How could Martinez possibly become a threat ?
Was PBS intending to force the kids to watch Martinez 's old videos and explain why they should now fear and loathe her ?
Would tremulous , heavily medicated parents start pointing and screaming when she came on the screen ?
What , exactly , is the fear here ?
Is it that Martinez would suddenly start urging kiddies to , say , drink more vodka and turn gay ?
Would she jump through the TV when Mommy 's not looking and whisper seductively to the kids , telling them to steal Mommy 's stash of Percocet and bring it down to the local PBS affiliate and leave it in an envelope with Martinez 's name on it , scrawled in pretty purple crayon ?
Because that would be really cool .
Now might be a good moment to point out the dozens of adult actors ( male , of course ) who appear in countless kiddie movies and TV shows , most of whom have happily raunchy personal histories .
Have n't George Carlin , Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin all appeared in that sweet little choo-choo train show " Thomas the Tank Engine " ?
What about Eddie Murphy , Robin Williams , Chris Rock ?
What of all the big ( male ) stars who appear on , provide voices for , even produce kiddie shows ?
Is it because they 're famous ?
Because they 're rich older men , whereas Martinez is a nonfamous youngish sexual woman and is therefore an eternal danger to all humankind everywhere ?
Do n't you already know the answer ?
It must be said :
The biggest threat to children today is not sex or silly videos or sweet TV hosts .
It 's witless , sexually confused adults .
It 's trembling bipeds who never have sex and who never drink and who never do drugs and who never have sex while drunk and on drugs while hanging from the ceiling , laughing .
They are the true danger to us all .
It even says so in the Bible : " Beware , ye who eat food from cans .
Beware the whiny and the self - righteous and the humorless hand - wringers , for they shall poop upon the earth . "
I think it 's in Leviticus .
Who will save the children ?
Who will save the children from wimpy TV execs and depressive parents and a distended media that sits idly by , hyping sex and abuse and shrugging into its coffee ?
Will it be you ?
Can you write a letter or something ?
Can you send Melanie Martinez some nice cookies by way of an apology ?
Trust me , your kids will thank you , later .
David Brooks has incredible access to the White House so when he said this shocker on " The Chris Matthews Show , " I believed him .
Bush is thinking about replacing the entire Iraq government .
I kid you not .
Download - WMP Download -QT
Matthews : David , do you believe the President is looking for an out from his doctrinaire policy of staying the course ?
Brooks :
Not really , no I do n't .
I think they 're looking at policy options .
One of those options is trying to replace the current government which seems to be doing nothing .
The second option is some sort of federation which -- Joe Biden has suggested as separating Iraq .
A third option and by far the least likely is going in with more troops ,
So there 's all different three options ... We have much less control over Iraq than we did two or three years ago ...
I guess all those elections did n't really matter after all .
Vincent Isambart started a project to translate the japanese ‘ Ruby Hacking Guide ’ into English .
As I do n’t speak Japanese ( well , I learned it for 2 years in school , but that was a loooooooong time ago in a galaxy far , far away ) and have little experience in C , I would be no help .
But I think this is a worthwhile project and hope he will find enough people to help him finish it .
The cover story in Time magazine this week , entitled " Too Wired For Their Own Good ? " , condemns the youth of the nation as gadget - obsessed , perennially multitasking , social failures who can't really get into anything important or even relax .
The article brings up example upon example of dysfunctional teenagers and their equally disjointed families .
Take for example the Cox twins , Bronte and Piers :
" I usually finish my homework at school , " he explains to a visitor , " but if not , I pop a book open on my lap in my room , and while the computer is loading , I 'll do a problem or write a sentence .
Then , while mail is loading , I do more .
I get it done a little bit at a time . "
" You just multitask , " she explains .
" My parents always tell me I can't do homework while listening to music , but they do n't understand that it helps me concentrate . "
So far things do n't sound too bad — just two kids doing what kids have always done , getting some entertainment into their busy lives and managing a packed schedule to the best of their abilities .
If that was all , no harm , no foul .
But the litany of errors goes on .
The article notes that notebooks in college classrooms ( now WiFi enabled more often than not ) are n't used for notetaking anymore , but for IMing your friends about how boring the lecture is and for collecting Keira Knightley pics in your blog .
When class rings out , a roomful of teens reach for their cell phones to call or SMS buddies down the hall , or even in the same room .
Every waking moment is filled with something , but it 's all in small doses .
Thanks to the way the human brain processes multiple simultaneous activities , it 's apparently becoming rare to really delve deeply into any one subject or relationship , so while the kids are collecting information about a really wide range of topics , the depth just is n't there anymore .
The article says that " [ t ] eenagers who fill every quiet moment with a phone call or some kind of e-stimulation may not be getting that needed reprieve .
Habitual multitasking may condition their brain to an overexcited state , making it difficult to focus even when they want to . "
That extends to social interaction as well , and the parents can be intimidated by their teenagers ' scattered focus :
" [ When the father came home from work , ]
About half the time the kids ignored him or did n't stop what they were doing , multitasking and monitoring their various electronic gadgets , " said anthropologist Elinor Ochs , director of UCLA 's Center on Everyday Lives of Families .
" We also saw how difficult it was for parents to penetrate the child 's universe .
We have so many videotapes of parents actually backing away , retreating from kids who are absorbed by whatever they 're doing . "
In all fairness , parents today can be afflicted with the same syndrome to some degree .
How many teens are addicted to their BlackBerrys ?
That 's mostly an adult scourge , and it has the same effects .
But it does n't have to be gadgetry .
For some families , it 's an excess of activities — extracurricular or not — that leads to a numb family life .
Take me , for instance .
If I count up the number of things I do to bring in some bacon , the total comes to eight .
It takes real effort to combine that kind of schedule with being a meaningful part of a family .
" You are not having family dinner , you are not having conversations , you are not debating whether to go out with a boy who wants to have sex on the first date , you are not going on a family ski trip or taking time just to veg , " says psychiatrist Edward Hallowell , author of a recent book on brain overload .
" It 's not so much that the video game is going to rot your brain , it 's what you are not doing that 's going to rot your life . "
No wonder why energy drinks sell so well , or why half our gadgets have something to do with time management .
Some people could use a couple extra hours of time , every day .
But it 's not all bad .
Though the quality might not be what it used to , the multitaskers of today do get more work done .
And all this technology gives the teens ample opportunity to get quite tech savvy .
The Cox twins both " make these fancy PowerPoint presentations about what they want for Christmas , " for instance .
So that 's good .
Vive le Steve
In 2002 , Steve Jobs said , ‘ If you legally acquire music , you need to have the right to manage it on all other devices that you own . ’
In 2006 , France passed a law stating that , ‘ The consumer must be able to listen to the music they have bought , no matter what the platform . ’
Sounds like Steve agrees with France .
Posted on songbirdnest.com/blog
Babak Nivi , entrepreneur - in- residence , Bessemer Venture Partners
Lessons of MMORPGs
Evil is not redeemable ; good is not a choice .
Your morals are innate .
There are gods , and they are capricious and have way , way more than 10 commandments .
( Nobody knows how many because everyone clicked past them . )
All women are beautiful and all men are either handsome or darkly mysterious .
Death does n’t really sting .
Nerf , however , is incredibly painful .
Posted on raphkoster.com
Raphael Koster , former game designer , Sony Online Entertainment
Posts
trackback
Your Money or Your Site
Be There and Be Square
Lost and Found in Manhattan
Once More , With Aggression
Hollywood Undercover
Blogging for Dollars
When Kelley and Brendan James said their marriage vows in June , they could have promised to love , honor and cherish “ till death do us part , and even if a great job opportunity comes along that has us living in different cities . ”
This month the two will join the growing number of dual - career couples who are married but separated most of the time by their jobs .
Demographers report that there are more than 1 million of them in the United States , a figure that does n’t include people in long - term relationships who are n’t married .
Brendan , 30 , had the choice of moving with his company to New York — they both agree it ’s a great opportunity — or finding other work in the Baltimore area .
Kelley , 27 , a recent law school graduate , loves her job in Towson , Md. , where she ’s working on litigation and family law .
She just started in the summer , and if she moves to New York she ’ll have to pass the state ’s bar exam before she looks for another job .
She ’s worried about the separation , but they ’ve taken what counselors say is one of the most important steps in dealing with a commuter couple lifestyle :
They have a set - in - stone plan for when they ’ll see each other .
It will be something they can count on and look forward to .
“ We decided we ’re not going to skip weekends , ” says Kelley , even though they know it will be expensive and exhausting to commute between New York and Baltimore at least four times a month .
Couples have always had to live apart for reasons including military service and travel for work .
What ’s new is that more women ’s careers are just as important as their husbands ’ .
A shrinking job market makes it harder to find equally good jobs in the same city , and couples worry that if one of them moves with the other and takes an inferior job , resentment will follow .
Less expensive and more frequent nonstop flights between cities make the commuting seem doable .
And while they are apart , couples can stay in touch more easily than in the past with e-mail , in - network cell phone plans and new technology like Skype , the free global Internet phone service .
One reason long - distance relationships are on the increase is that many of them start with online dating .
Long - distance relationships are so common they are referred to casually as LDRs .
Living together apart no longer seems like the beginning of the end of a relationship .
No one contends that having separate homes is the best way to stay in love , but researchers are divided about the long - term effects of LDRs .
David Popenoe , a sociologist and co-director of Rutgers University ’s National Marriage Project , takes the traditional approach : Couples do better if they ’re together on a daily basis .
Pointing to the country ’s high divorce rate , he worries that living apart is yet another of many pressures on today ’s marriages .
“ It might be the so - called tipping point . ’ ”
But , he adds , “ It ’s not a permanent arrangement usually , and you do the best you can . ”
Jaine Carter , a psychologist and co-author of the book He Works / She Works ( cartercarter.com , 1996 ) , is more outspoken .
The only benefit , she says , is to the career growth of each person .
“ The relationship is not forefront in your life .
If you ’re not there , you ’re not there .
The only way I ’ve seen it work is if you set a time limit . ”
She recommends having firm guidelines for visiting each other , as the Jameses have done , and re-evaluating regularly whether the commuter lifestyle is working .
Some research suggests that LDRs fail ( or succeed ) at about the same rate as other relationships .
A decade ago Gregory Guldner started studying these nontraditional unions .
He found , he says , that couples break up for various reasons , but distance does n’t seem to be one of them .
“ The research is relatively sparse , but that said , the conclusion that geographical separation is a crisis for a relationship is n’t borne out by the literature . ”
Guldner , director of the Center for the Study of Long - Distance Relationships , an online clearinghouse of information for researchers and others , also reports that people are n’t more likely to have an affair when they are separated from their partner .
If people are going to cheat , they are going to cheat .
But couples in LDRs worry more about fidelity than those living together .
Trust is an issue .
Contrary to what some researchers believe , Guldner says , how often couples visit or talk on the phone has little impact on whether they stay together .
But couples who send handwritten letters to each other are twice as likely to stay together as those who do n’t .
And there is one benefit to a long - distance relationship , research has shown : Couples in traditional relationships might get bored with each other sexually over time , while those in LDRs report having more exciting sex lives longer simply because they do n’t live together .
Keith Pion , 33 , and Angela Whittaker - Pion , 31 , both lawyers , live together in Canton , Md. , but during their engagement and for the first 16 months of their marriage , he was in the Air Force in Tampa , Fla. , while she stayed in Baltimore .
“ We discussed her coming to Tampa , ” he says , “ but it made sense for her to stay because she had a wonderful job . ”
His initial assignment was for two years , but it ended up being four years .
They spent thousands of dollars traveling two or three weekends out of the month .
“ It definitely made the weekends fun , ” he says .
“ It was like a honeymoon a lot .
But those Sunday evenings when we had to leave were tough . ”
They made a point of calling each other every night before they went to sleep , and Keith would send Angela unexpected gifts , like a certificate for a spa treatment , to let her know he was thinking about her .
“ We communicated a lot , ” says Angela .
“ That helped .
We do n’t take each other for granted , even though we ’re now together .
We have n’t forgotten that . ”
The effects of a commuter lifestyle might extend beyond just how the two people interact .
If children are involved it ’s a whole different ballgame and set of problems .
Most research on commuter relationships has involved white , middle - class , married couples .
Anita P. Jackson , professor emeritus at Kent State University , is a co-author of one of the few studies that has looked at black commuter couples , who , she thinks , face problems of their own .
“ One of the things that stood out , ” she says , “ is that African - Americans tend to be very community - oriented .
Living the commuter lifestyle limited them and caused some personal concerns about being able to function and develop outside of the community . ”
They felt they did n’t have enough time at either place to become part of either community , and they saw that as a real issue for themselves , she says .
Still , as Kelly Bare , deputy editor of Tango , a new magazine about relationships , says : “ A lot of people are doing this .
They ca n’t all be insane . ”
( Kansas City Star )
In the spirit of Web 2.0 Companies , I 'm beta launching the new and improved resource for all things Web 2.0 .
It still needs some work but it 's coming together ( hence the beta ) .
Converting all my posts from Blogger to Wordpress was fairly smooth but with the new style sheets , some of the posts need some hand tweaking .
The new site has been relocated to : Proudly , the domain is quite del.icio.us inspired and will conveniently work when we get to Web 3.0 or 4.0 or 88.0 .
Those of your subscribed to my Feedburner feed have to do nothing as you 'll automatically be subscribed to the new location .
Please subscribe to : I welcome your comments on the new look as well as leads for Web 2.0 Companies I have yet to cover .
Blue Origin rocket concept is patterned after the DC - XA that was operated by NASA and the Department of Defense under the Reusable Launch Vehicle program .
The flight vehicle was tested at White Sands during the summer of 1996 , and demonstrated a 26 - hour turnaround between its second and third flights , a first for any rocket .
After the fourth flight , however , the DC - XA suffered severe damage and the program ended due to lack of funding .
The public space travel business is picking up suborbital speed thanks to a variety of private rocket groups and their dream machines .
Joining the mix is Blue Origin 's New Shepard Reusable Launch System .
It is financially fueled by an outflow of dollars from the deep pockets of billionaire Jeff Bezos , founder of Amazon.com .
The Bezos - backed Blue Origin , LLC commercial space outfit has recently turned in a draft environmental assessment ( EA ) for their West Texas launch site to the Federal Aviation Administration 's ( FAA ) Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation ( AST ) in Washington , D.C .
The document is the best glimpse yet of what Blue Origin is scoping out to develop " safe , inexpensive and reliable human access to space . "
Privately - owned property
The more than 200 - page draft EA is a necessary step required by the FAA / AST for Blue Origin to get the needed permits and / or licenses to fly their rocket hardware .
Blue Origin proposes to launch its reusable launch vehicles ( RLVs ) on suborbital , ballistic trajectories to altitudes in excess of 325,000 feet ( 99,060 meters ) from a privately - owned space launch site in Culberson County , Texas .
As outlined in the EA , the Blue Origin launch site would be approximately 25 miles ( 40.2 kilometers ) north of Van Horn , Texas .
It lies within a larger , privately - owned property known as the Corn Ranch .
Access to the proposed launch site is from Texas Highway 54 , which is approximately five miles ( 8 kilometers ) west of the proposed project 's center of operations .
Also on the group 's to do list at the site is putting in place a vehicle processing facility , a launch complex and vehicle landing and recovery area , as well as an astronaut training facility , and other minor support amenities [ Map ] .
Incremental testing
The strategy is to build the New Shepard suborbital vehicle incrementally , starting with low - altitude tests , progressing to higher - altitude testing , and culminating with commercial flights .
Early testing would use prototype vehicles that are smaller and / or less capable than the proposed final design .
Prototype craft would use the same or a subset of the same types of propellants as the operational New Shepard RLV in smaller quantities and would use the same ground facilities , infrastructure , and equipment .
Each new trial product would fly to higher altitudes and / or demonstrate additional subsystems than the previous prototype .
Eventually , Blue Origin proposes to perform multiple flight tests of the actual operational New Shepard RLV system carrying Blue Origin personnel before commencing commercial operation .
As detailed in the EA , the New Shepard RLV system would be comprised of a propulsion module and a crew capsule capable of carrying three or more space flight participants on roundtrip treks from the ground to the edge of space .
The crew capsule is perched on top of the propulsion module .
The stacked vehicle would have a roughly nose cone shape with a base diameter of approximately 22 feet ( 7 meters ) and a height of approximately 50 feet ( 15 meters ) .
The propulsion module would be fully reusable , would carry its own avionics , and would operate autonomously under the control of on - board computers .
The propulsion module would use 90 percent concentration hydrogen peroxide , called high test peroxide ( HTP ) and rocket propellant ( RP ) grade kerosene as the propellants .
During an abort situation , the crew capsule would separate , using small solid - rocket motors to safely recover the space flight participants .
The abort module containing the solid - rocket motors would then jettison from the crew capsule .
After the crew capsule departs , the propulsion module would attempt to steer back to the landing pad using aerodynamic surfaces and utilize its engines to make a controlled , powered vertical landing .
Because Blue Origin's launch vehicle would ascend and descend vertically , sonic booms would propagate away from the Earth 's surface during launch and towards terra firma during descent .
Powered landing
The New Shepard test pad would be up to 32,292 square feet ( 3,000 square meters ) in area .
A separate flat landing pad of equal size would be located 3.8 miles ( 6.1 kilometers ) north of the Blue Origin vehicle processing facility .
The New Shepard RLV launch , flight , and landing activities would require less than a 10 minute period to complete .
Powered to roughly 125,000 feet ( 38,100 meters ) under thrust from its main engines , the spaceship would chalk up some 110 seconds of flight .
From there , the RLV would coast up to a height greater than 325,000 feet ( 99,060 meters ) .
At top altitude , the vehicle would then return to the landing pad under gravity free - fall conditions until the main engines are restarted to enable a powered landing .
Blue Origin has not completed development of the New Shepard vehicle or its engines , according to the EA , so no test results are available .
Nevertheless , as stated in the document , a thrust of 230,000 pounds force is expected at vehicle liftoff .
Blue Origin would ship the New Shepard propulsion module and crew capsule RLVs to the West Texas Launch Site separately .
The RLVs would originate at Blue Origin 's manufacturing and assembly facilities in the state of Washington and would travel via ground to West Texas .
Blue Origin plans no more than ten total RLV shipments during the five - year period from 2006 - 2010 .
Flight rate
Blue Origin has outlined within the pages of the EA the following activities envisioned at the West Texas launch site over the next five years .
These are :
2006 : The majority of facility construction at the site would occur during this period .
In the third and fourth quarters of 2006 , Blue Origin would ship the first prototype low - altitude test vehicle to the site and conduct the first flight tests .
Ten or fewer flight tests could be conducted in 2006 , each to an altitude of approximately 2,000 feet ( 610 meters ) for less than one minute .
2007 -2009 : Continued flight testing of prototype vehicles with incrementally increasing capability .
During these years , Blue Origin proposes to gradually expand the operational envelope of its vehicles , conducting 25 or fewer launches per year .
A wide range of tests are anticipated , ranging in altitude from under 2,000 feet ( 610 meters ) to greater than 325,000 feet ( 99,060 meters ) , lasting one minute or less to over 10 minutes .
Development tests of the crew capsule abort system would be conducted during this time frame .
During this time period , some construction to upgrade the facility would also occur , adding additional infrastructure to support the increasing capabilities of the system .
2010 and beyond : Commercial operations may commence with the operational New Shepard vehicle in this timeframe .
The flight rate would depend on market demand , but Blue Origin anticipates rates up to approximately 52 launches per year of the New Shepard RLV .
According to the EA , an experimental permit from the FAA would allow Blue Origin to carry out testing of reusable suborbital vehicles that would be launched or reentered solely for : Research and development to test new design concepts , new equipment , or new operating techniques ; showing compliance with requirements as part of the process for obtaining a license ; and crew training prior to obtaining a license for a launch or reentry using the design of the rocket for which the permit would be issued .
Public comment
Last year , on June 14 and 15 , Blue Origin conducted a series of information meetings in Van Horn , Texas and Dell City , Texas .
The firm 's plan to construct and operate a commercial launch facility in Culberson County , Texas was detailed at those gatherings .
Now the Draft Environmental Assessment for the Blue Origin West Texas Commercial Launch Site has been released for public review and comment , explained James Stasny , spokesman for the FAA 's Office of Commercial Space Transportation .
A paper copy of the draft is available at the Van Horn public library in Van Horn , Texas .
A public hearing on the Blue Origin EA will be held on July 25th at the Van Horn Convention Center , with the public comment period about the rocket group 's plans closing two days later , Stasny told SPACE.com .
When queried by SPACE.com about their environmental assessment , Blue Origin declined to comment beyond what is detailed within their EA document .
Thrust vectoring and responsive throttling
Blue Origin's spaceship is patterned after Department of Defense / NASA work on the single - stage vertical - takeoff , vertical - landing Delta Clipper Experimental ( DC - X ) and Delta Clipper Experimental Advanced ( DC - XA ) .
It was repeatedly flown in 1993 - 1996 at the U.S. Army 's White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico .
Among a list of distinctions , a 26 - hour turnaround was achieved between the DC - XA 's second and third flights - a first for any rocket .
The flight program ended in July 1996 with the DC - XA suffering severe damage due to a landing strut - one of four - that failed to extend .
The unbalanced vehicle tipped over on its landing pad and caught fire .
Due to lack of follow - up money , the program was ended .
John Garvey was the flight engineer during the DC - XA phase of testing and now runs Garvey Spacecraft Corporation in Long Beach , California .
He told SPACE.com that he 's keeping an eye on how Blue Origin operates New Shepard in light of what was learned during DC - X / XA testing .
Garvey advised that if the descent and landing techniques for New Shepard are similar to those employed on the DC - X / XA , then both thrust vectoring and responsive throttling of the vehicle 's engines will be required .
That likely means , he added , Blue Origin engineers will spend loads of time on the test stand to flight qualify the spaceship 's rocket motors , especially for human - carrying operations .
Unique hazards
" Their reported choice of hydrogen peroxide and RP - 1 as propellants is interesting , particularly the hydrogen peroxide , " Garvey noted .
By comparison , the DC-X / XA used liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen .
" Numerous new entrants to the rocket business have favored - at least initially - hydrogen peroxide as an oxidizer instead of liquid oxygen , usually for perceived safety reasons , even though that means sacrificing performance , " Garvey observed .
However , highly concentrated hydrogen peroxide presents some unique hazards relative to liquid oxygen in flight operations as well as shipping and storage , Garvey said .
Hydrogen peroxide can " rapidly decompose " if contamination is present .
" Every so often there is a story about an amateur rocketeer burning down the garage - or worse - due to such an accident , " Garvey explained .
" For whatever reason ... no major operational launch system has employed it for primary propulsion . "
The Walking Dead : World Beyond Is Perfectly Cast , and Other Things We Learned From Visiting the Set Go behind the scenes and get acquainted with the fresh - faced cast of the new Walking Dead Universe series before it premieres this Sunday
I 'm continually amazed at the cultural differences that I encounter across companies .
I visit one company and discover that , despite the fact that they develop mission - critical code , they have a rather loose and light - hearted culture .
A few weeks later , I visit another company and I discover that although what they are writing is important , it 's far from mission - critical , yet they attack all aspects of their work with grim - faced seriousness .
The differences are astounding .
At first I thought that they were more correlated with company lifecycle than application domain .
Startups tend to a have looser culture .
Companies that have cornered a market tend to grow a bit more rigid .
Mature companies that are being attacked on all sides by competitors tend to be incredibly seriousness – about everything .
Yet , despite this loose correlation there are plenty of exceptions .
At this point , I think that company leadership has a lot to do with the feel of a company .
And , sometimes , it 's local leadership .
I 've visited companies that have radically different cultures at different sites .
One thing I 've noticed about companies with " serious " cultures is that they are seldom serious about everything .
In one case that I 'm thinking of , a company with rigid plans for everything and incredibly comprehensive processes , I noticed there was a lot of passive noncompliance -- but it was subtle .
The company had mechanisms in place for everything , including taking care of visitors , but every time I visited , one or another mechanism was slightly broken .
The people involved would shrug and apologize .
It seemed that they just could n't take everything seriously .
I notice the same thing in the software realm .
Teams which are very serious about process and documentation are often less serious about their code .
It is n't a perfect correlation , but visit enough teams and it is noticable .
It makes me wonder whether there is only a limited amount of seriousness possible in any organization .
Before I go further , I want to explain what I mean by seriousness .
We have to be serious about what we code , and how we code .
Software development is serious work .
It 's easy to make mistakes that can have disasterous consequences .
The seriousness that I 'm talking about , though , is lack of levity .
There are some places where you simply never see people laughing or joking with each other , or reflecting less than seriously about their work or their situation .
It would be seen as evidence of lack of Seriousness ( with a capital ' S ' ) and grounds for shunning .
A few years ago , I read a story about a government worker who was playing Solitaire on his computer during his break .
A boss , a couple of levels above him was visiting the office that day and he made a note of the employee , spoke to his supervisor , and had him fired the next day .
I forget now whether there was an actual policy against using a computer for personal reasons during a break , but for the point I 'm making it 's pretty much immaterial .
It was apparent that the boss wanted to communicate seriousness , and he did so .
I 'm just not certain that it ended up having the effect that he expected .
If conservation of seriousness is true , the employees just ended up being less serious about something else .
I think there are things that we have to be deadly serious about , but they are narrow .
I 've never been to NASA , for instance , but I would expect them to be deadly serious about the flight control software for the space shuttle .
I 've read about their development process , and it seems serious , but I would be surprised if there is n't a bit of levity .
In fact , I 'd be scared if there was n't .
What does this all mean ?
If conservation of seriousness is a real thing , I think that it means that if you are a manager or an executive of an organization , you really have to be selective about what you denote as serious .
It 's important to be very specific .
Otherwise , people will choose what they are serious about and it might not be the same as your choice .
If Mr. Bush does persist in sending more American troops to Baghdad , despite Congress ’s amply justified opposition , he will have to establish clear lines of command that assure that those troops can enter the strongholds of the Shiite militias responsible for much of the violence without militia leaders ’ being tipped off by allies in the Iraqi government .
And so long as any American troops remain in Iraq , Mr. Bush must put serious pressure on Mr. Maliki to support the troops ’ efforts with a genuine program of national reconciliation .
That must include , at a minimum , ridding the police and other security services of killers , torturers and criminals and disarming all sectarian militias .
The government must also assure that Iraqi oil revenues are fairly shared out among the entire Iraqi population .
And it must move quickly to offer an amnesty to Sunni insurgents willing to put down their weapons , and narrow the legal restrictions on former Baath Party members so that Sunni professionals can once again fully participate in Iraqi national life .
These benchmarks should be accompanied by fixed timelines .
And they must be accompanied with a clear message that the United States is prepared to withdraw its troops if the Iraqis continue to refuse to take responsibility for their own future .
Mr. Bush and other American officials need to make clear that as much as the United States will suffer from a complete collapse in Iraq , Iraq ’s leaders will suffer far worse from the loss of their American protectors .
Mr. Bush should reinforce that message by convening a conference of all of Iraq ’s neighbors to discuss how they can help stabilize Iraq — and what they can do to contain the wider chaos should it come .
With nearly two million Iraqis already seeking refuge , mainly in Syria and Jordan , it is far past time for American officials to begin their own planning and relief efforts .
If Mr. Bush refuses to deliver this ultimatum to Mr. Maliki , Congress will have to do so in his stead .
That ’s not the usual division of labor between the executive and legislative branches , but it is one that Mr. Bush has made necessary by his refusal to face realities .
The potential consequences of his failed leadership are so serious that neither the new Democratic majorities in Congress , nor the public at large , can afford the luxury of merely criticizing from the sidelines .
•
So far , Congress is off to an encouraging start , holding substantive oversight hearings and asking probing questions of administration officials for the first time in too many years .
Similarly encouraging has been the bipartisan character of this reinvigorated oversight .
The Congress should continue asking hard questions .
And it must insist on real answers before acting on any new requests for money to support Mr. Bush ’s plans to send more troops to Baghdad .
Congress has the authority to attach conditions to that money , imposing benchmarks and timetables on Mr. Bush , who then would be forced to impose them on the Iraqi government .
Yahoo News ( h/t JR )
The keepers of the " Doomsday Clock " plan to move its hands forward next Wednesday to reflect what they call worsening nuclear and climate threats to the world .
The symbolic clock , maintained by the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists , currently is set at seven minutes to midnight , with midnight marking global catastrophe .
The group did not say in which direction the hands would move .
But in a news release previewing an event next Wednesday , they said the change was based on " worsening nuclear , climate threats " to the world .
" The major new step reflects growing concerns about a ' Second Nuclear Age ' marked by grave threats , including : nuclear ambitions in Iran and North Korea , unsecured nuclear materials in Russia and elsewhere , the continuing ' launch - ready ' status of 2,000 of the 25,000 nuclear weapons held by the U.S. and Russia , escalating terrorism , and new pressure from climate change for expanded civilian nuclear power that could increase proliferation risks , " the release reads .
Web 2.0 : to hopeful entrepreneurs , it has the sweet smell of money about it .
To those of a more cynical disposition , the scent is more akin to * ahem * dookie .
Web founder Tim Berners - Lee has just weighed in on the Web 2.0 question in a podcast interview for IBM , and he 's not big on the term .
In fact , Sir Tim has some really big doubts that Web 2.0 is different from Web 1.0 at all .
When asked if it's fair to say that the difference between the two might be fairly described as " Web 1.0 is about connecting computers , while Web 2.0 is about connecting people , " Berners - Lee replied , " Totally not .
Web 1.0 was all about connecting people .
It was an interactive space , and I think Web 2.0 is of course a piece of jargon , nobody even knows what it means .
If Web 2.0 for you is blogs and wikis , then that is people to people .
But that was what the Web was supposed to be all along .
And in fact , you know , this ' Web 2.0 , ' it means using the standards which have been produced by all these people working on Web 1.0 . "
He 's big on blogs and wikis , and has nothing but good things to say about AJAX , but Berners - Lee faults the term " Web 2.0 " for lacking any coherent meaning .
A quick look at a list of alleged Web 2.0 sites is enough to illustrate what he 's talking about .
In what sense do all the sites do something qualitatively different than the sites which came before ?
In what sense do these sites do anything similar enough that they can all be lumped into a single category ?
Even boosters acknowledge that the biggest problems for Web 2.0 are excessive hype and the lack of a real definition .
But perhaps the biggest criticism of the Web 2.0 phenomenon is that it has failed to generate enough truly important products .
Venture capitalist Josh Kopelman argues that too many Internet startups are targeting a small subset of the geek market , and that few ' Net entrepreneurs have a good vision for building systems with mass appeal .
The problem is too many startups trying to be " 2.0 " in ways that the public utterly fails to care about .
Until this changes , and until Web 2.0 gains some coherence , Web 2.0 firms ( whatever that means ) can do us all a favor by dialing down the hype until it reenters the green ( or " reality " ) portion of the Buzz - o - meter .
The real question is not whether a site is " 2.0 enough " to be hip , but whether any given site is useful and interesting , regardless of approach .
DIGG THIS
People often write to Empire Burlesque in search of an answer to one of the great conundrums of these modern times , namely : " Why are the American people such suckers ?
How could they — or , to be more exact , how could a significant number of them — ever have fallen for the transparent bullshit of such third - rate goobers as Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld and all the rest ?
How could the American people be so ignorant and misinformed about what goes on in the world ?
How can they be so ignorant and misinformed of their own history , of the dirty deals done in their names for years on end ?
How can this be ? "
Good folk , look no further , for we do indeed have the answer here .
If you want to know precisely how the American people are kept deliberately ignorant , simply click on the link to this story in the nation ’s " newspaper of record , " the journal which sets the standard for and largely determines the news agenda of the American press : The Defiant Despot Oppressed Iraq for More than 30 Years .
There , in the stately pages of the New York Times , you will find some 5,200 words written by Neil MacFarquhar detailing the rise , reign and fall of the Iraqi dictator .
You will thrill to the usual gory details of torture , murder and savagery ; you will tut at the violent barbarism of the rural riff - raff who got so far above his raising ; you will snarl with condemnation at the mad aggressor who launched " continual wars " in the region , as the diligent scribe informs us .
[ The actual total number of wars launched by Saddam Hussein was , er , two : the same number launched by George W. Bush — if , that is , you do n’t count the never - ending , ever - expanding , great googily - moogily " Global War on Terror and Extremists and Radicals , " in which case , Bush ’s " continual wars " far exceed the two conflicts instigated by Saddam — one of which was overtly approved by Reagan Administration , the other tacitly approved by the Bush I administration . ]
But what you will not find is any detail or examination whatsoever of the prominent , direct and continuing role the United States government played in bringing Saddam to power , maintaining him in office , underwriting his tyranny , and rewarding his aggression .
This decades - long history — beginning with the CIA ’s assistance in not one but two coups that first brought the Baath Party to power then cemented the hold of Saddam ’s internal faction on the country through the journey to Baghdad by the obsequious Donald Rumsfeld who came bearing words of support , bags of cash and military high - tech for Saddam ’s chemical weapons attacks on Iran down to the delivery of money , WMD technology and other goods of war by George Herbert Walker Bush up to the very day before Saddam ’s long - threatened invasion of Kuwait , which Bush ’s personal representative had told the dictator was of no concern to the United States — does not appear in McFarquhar ’s mountain of prose .
You ’ll find damning reference to Saddam ’s gas attack on Iraqi Kurds during the Reagan - Bush - supported war with Iran ; but you will find not a single word of how the Bush I administration , which included Powell and Cheney , fought hard to kill off Congressional condemnation of the gassing .
Nor does McFarquhar see fit to inform the public how Bush I signed a presidential directive mandating that U.S. government agencies forge ever - stronger ties with Iraq , despite the caveats of his own intelligence apparatus .
And although McFarquhar finds space to quote from Saddam ’s ludicrous novels , he cannot quite squeeze in any reference to the Congressional investigations and other probes that revealed how Bush I secretly financed Saddam and , with British help , secretly supplied him with advanced weaponry through a series of corporate cut-outs and funneling cash through the bowels of what the U.S. Senate described as " one of the largest criminal enterprises in history " ( until Junior Bush ’s gang came along ) , the Bank of Credit and Commerce International ( BCCI ) .
But do let ’s be fair .
The New York Times is not Pravda ; it does not simply engage in the wholesale whitewashing of history in order to comfort the comfortable and keep the rabble from knowing what their betters really get up to behind the glowing video screen .
No , its whitewashing is often incomplete ; little flecks of partial truth will occasionally show through .
[ And to be genuinely fair , the paper does employ some journalists of genuine courage and merit on its staff , such as the estimable Carlotta Gall , whose reports from Afghanistan have done much to reveal the ugly realities behind that " good " and forgotten war . ]
And so it is with McFarquhar ’s piece .
For it is not entirely accurate to say that he does not mention U.S. support for Saddam anywhere in the story .
In a bold act of speaking truth to power , the fearless McFarquhar devotes one whole sentence of 47 words to what he calls the American " tipping " toward Saddam in his war with Iran .
Of course , the phrase comes some 2,278 words into the piece , by which time it ’s likely that very few people would still be plowing through his — prose might be too strong a word ; let ’s just call it his cud - like assemblage of well - chewed conventional wisdom .
Here is the buried phrase entire :
The fear that an Islamic revolution would spread to an oil producer with estimated reserves second only to Saudi Arabia tipped the United States and its allies toward Baghdad and they provided weapons , technology and , most important , secret satellite images of Iran ’s military positions and intercepted communications .
[ Because lord knows , we would n’t want Iraq and its oil reserves given over to Islamic sectarians tied to Iran , now would we ?
Perish the thought ! ]
That ’s all McFarquhar has to say on this embarrassing subject .
But credit where it ’s due : he did say something .
Pravda never would have done that .
There is simply no way to understand the reign of Saddam Hussein , nor the past few decades of Iraq ’s history , without including the very real and important role that the United States has played in shaping these realities .
The reason that tens of thousands of American soldiers have been killed and maimed — and that hundreds of thousands of innocent Iraqis have been slaughtered , and millions more plunged into hellish suffering — is because this history has been buried , perverted , ignored or forgotten .
And one of the main engines of this deliberately induced national amnesia is the New York Times and its fellow media mandarins .
The Best of Chris Floyd
The FCC was in court last week , defending its recent indecency rulings before an appellate panel of judges .
The case at issue was brought by Fox after the network was sanctioned ( but not fined ) by the agency for a pair of curse words that went " unbleeped " during two different awards shows .
The FCC found the broadcast indecent and Fox sued , looking for clarity as to what constitutes indecent material .
Fox is confused because the FCC does not issue clear standards about what is and is not acceptable on TV and radio .
The agency believes that doing so would amount to censorship , so they only sanction broadcasters once a show has aired .
The obvious problem here is that broadcasters never know in advance if a show will be found indecent ; the end result is self - censorship by networks trying to avoid the FCC 's wrath .
The justices grilled both parties to a crispy golden brown ( watch the video at C - SPAN ) and showed tremendous skepticism toward many of the FCC 's claims .
Because the agency 's powers to regulate indecency rarely receive a court hearing , the case could be an important one .
It 's too early to know how the court will rule ( the decision is not expected for several more months ) , but the ruling could curtail the FCC 's power to regulate broadcast content .
If it does so , it wo n't quite be the Wild West — the networks will still be accountable to their public .
Groups like the Parents Television Council ( which is by some accounts responsible for 99 percent of FCC indecency complaints ) will shift their focus from the FCC to the networks , who will then be on the receiving end of e-mail and letter campaigns , boycotts , and punditry whenever they show material that some consider objectionable .
Given that YouTube , webcasts , and cable television all go largely unregulated by the government , is it only a matter of time before the agency loses its sanctioning power over the major broadcast networks ?
Or will it convince the judiciary that over - the - air broadcasters need special government oversight ?
Given the direction that things are moving in the industry , it may not really matter either way ; unregulated distribution channels ( web broadcasts , cable channels , satellite radio , BitTorrent , etc. ) are exploding .
The major networks will simply avoid FCC problems by censoring over - the - air broadcasts and making the unedited material available online ( as NBC recently did with the SNL joke song Dick in a Box " ) .
The FCC will eventually need to 1 ) call " uncle " and devote its resources to other regulatory problems , 2 ) start regulating all sorts of new distribution channels , or 3 ) continue to regulate over - the - air broadcasters even as they lose relevance and simply post objectionable material online .
We 're going with option three unless the court forces the FCC 's hand .
Jan. 4 , 2006  --
When pain becomes overpowering , a patient 's creative impulses may be an important ally .
For some time now scientists have known that a wide range of creative activities , ranging from listening to or performing music , to engaging in an energetic dance routine , may reduce pain felt by persons who are ill .
And more recently researchers have shown that creating a piece of art can do the same thing , even if the art is n't all that great .
In the latest study , 50 cancer patients at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago lowered eight out of nine symptoms associated with pain and anxiety after spending one hour painting , or drawing , or trying to make a piece of pottery or jewelry .
" There was a lot of creativity going on , " says Judith Paice , RN , director of the hospital 's cancer pain program and co-author of a study in the current issue of the Journal of Pain and Symptom Management .
The patients , who knew they were taking part in a research project but did not know the precise focus of the effort , reported significant improvement in eight symptoms - pain , tiredness , depression , anxiety , drowsiness , lack of appetite , sense of well being and shortness of breath -- after one hour of " art therapy . "
The only category that showed no significant improvement was nausea , a powerful symptom that has been unaffected by other similar studies , Paice says .
A number of research projects have shown similar results , although clinicians caution that listening to music or drawing a picture is no substitute for traditional medical treatment .
It 's not even clear at this point as to the exact nature of the mechanism that makes people believe they 're better off after the therapy .
Distraction is expected to be a major player .
Trying to create a piece of art draws attention away from afflictions .
But Paice thinks there 's more to it than that .
Nancy Nainis , an art therapist and lead author of the study , dealt personally with each of the 50 patients , stressing that the art itself was n't what was important .
Instead , Nainis tried to get each patient to discuss whatever he or she was trying to create , and why they wanted to do that particular project .
In the process , Paice says , the patients talked openly about their problems .
" So patients who might not have been able to articulate their fears to a therapist , and would never have considered going to a psychologist , used art work as a vehicle to express their fears , " she adds .
That suggests that more than art was at work .
Nainis asked the patients to interpret their own art at the end of each session , and in doing so they frequently discussed feelings they might have otherwise kept to themselves .
Nainis says she was particularly surprised that most of the patients reported a reduction in " tiredness . "
" Several subjects made anecdotal comments that the art therapy had energized them , " Nainis says .
" This is the first study to document a reduction in tiredness as a result of art therapy . "
The patients were asked to rank their symptoms from zero to 10 , with zero being no symptoms ( no pain , for example ) and 10 being severe .
The therapy reduced the symptoms by an average of between one and two points , Paice says .
Similar research has been conducted at the Stanford Cancer Center , and scientists concluded that art therapy was helpful because it encouraged patients to talk about traumatic or painful experiences .
They also found that dancing helped , at least among patients who could engage in such physical activity , as well as listening to and performing music .
The caveat in all this , however , is that much more research needs to be done before the therapeutic effects can be fully understood .
The American Cancer Society has stated that the research is still inconclusive , although many clinicians believe it helps .
Paice , for one , thinks scientists are on the right track .
" Our study provides beginning evidence for the important role art therapy can play in reducing symptoms , " she says .
With a foot jammed into a ladder to hold him steady , Russian astronaut Mikhail V. Tyurin sliced a lightweight golf ball into orbit last week with a one - handed swing during a space walk outside the International Space Station .
The shot some 200 miles above the Earth was a promotion for a Canadian golf club manufacturer , which paid an undisclosed sum to the Federal Space Agency of the Russian Federation in the latest venture by the Russians to subsidize their space program .
In recent years , the Russians have allowed a Kodak banner on their side of the space station , launched a rocket with a Pizza Hut logo , and used its program to promote Pepsi , RadioShack and Lego .
The Russian space agency ’s tourism business is booming , too .
Since 2002 , four tourists have shelled out about $ 20 million each to ride into space aboard a Russian Soyuz craft .
The most recent was Anousheh Ansari , a telecom entrepreneur , in September .
By Paul Reynolds
World Affairs correspondent
The neo -conservative dream faded in 2006 .
Iraq was meant to be the showcase for a New American Century
The ambitions proclaimed when the neo-cons ' mission statement " The Project for the New American Century " was declared in 1997 have turned into disappointment and recriminations as the crisis in Iraq has grown .
" The Project for the New American Century " has been reduced to a voice - mail box and a ghostly website .
A single employee has been left to wrap things up .
The idea of the " Project " was to project American power and influence around the world .
The 1997 statement ( written during the administration of President Bill Clinton ) said :
" We seem to have forgotten the essential elements of the Reagan Administration 's success : a military that is strong and ready to meet both present and future challenges ; a foreign policy that boldly and purposefully promotes American principles abroad ; and national leadership that accepts the United States ' global responsibilities . "
Neo -conservatism has gone for a generation , if in fact it ever returns
David Rothkopf
Carnegie Endowment
Among the signatories were many of the senior officials who would later determine policy under President George W Bush - Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , Paul Wolfowitz , Elliot Abrams and Lewis Libby - as well as thinkers including Francis Fukuyama , Norman Podheretz and Frank Gaffney .
The neo -conservatives were called that because they sought to re-establish what they felt were true conservative values in the Republican Party and the United States .
They wanted to stop what they felt were the isolationist tendencies that had developed under President Clinton , and even under the pragmatic President George Bush senior .
They saw the war in Iraq as their big chance of showing how the " New American Century " might work .
They predicted the development of democratic values in a region lacking in them and , in that way , the removal of any threat to the United States just as the democratisation of Germany and Japan after World War II had transformed Europe and the Pacific .
Attack
Since so much was pinned on Iraq , it is inevitable that the problems there should have undermined the whole idea .
George Bush is about the last neo-conservative standing
David Rothkopf
Carnegie Endowment
" Their signal enterprise was the invasion of Iraq and their failure to produce results is clear .
Precisely the opposite has happened , " he says .
" The US use of force has been seen as doing wrong and as inflaming a region that has been less than susceptible to democracy .
" Their plan has fallen on hard times .
There were flaws in the conception and horrendously bad execution .
The neo-cons have been undone by their own ideas and the incompetence of the Bush administration .
" George Bush is about the last neo - conservative standing , Cheney as well maybe .
Bush is not an analytical person so he just adopted the neo- cons ' philosophy .
" It fitted into his Manichean , his black and white view of the world .
After all , he gave up his dissolute youth and was born again as a new man , so it appealed to his character . "
In - fighting
The fading of the dream has led to a falling - out among the neo-conservatives themselves .
Richard Perle had once argued for going to war in Iraq
In particular , two leading neo-conservatives , Richard Perle and Kenneth Adelman , attacked the Bush team in Vanity Fair magazine .
Both had been on a Pentagon advisory board .
Both had argued for war in Iraq .
In an article called " Neo Culpa " , Richard Perle declared that had he known how it would turn out , he would have been against it : " I think now I probably would have said : ' No , let 's consider other strategies ' . "
Kenneth Adelman said : " They turned out to be among the most incompetent teams in the post - war era .
" Not only did each of them , individually , have enormous flaws , but together they were deadly , dysfunctional . "
Donald Rumsfeld " fooled me " , he said .
He declared of neo -conservatism after Iraq : " It 's not going to sell . "
Defence and counter - attack
Other neo-conservatives defend their record , arguing strongly that the original idea had an effect , and pressing the point raised by Perle and Adelman that it was the execution of the idea not the idea itself that was wrong .
" Now I am not sure we can pick the bacon out of the fire
Gary Schmitt
American Enterprise Institute
Gary Schmitt used to be a senior figure at the " New American Century " project .
Now he is director of strategic studies at the American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) , and he says the project has come to a natural end .
" When the project started , it was not intended to go forever .
That is why we are shutting it down .
We would have had to spend too much time raising money for it and it has already done its job .
" We felt at the time that there were flaws in American foreign policy , that it was neo-isolationist .
We tried to resurrect a Reaganite policy .
" Our view has been adopted .
Even during the Clinton administration we had an effect , with Madeleine Albright [ then secretary of state ] saying that the United States was ' the indispensable nation ' .
" But our ideas have not necessarily dominated .
We did not have anyone sitting on Bush 's shoulder .
So the work now is to see how they are implemented .
Obviously it makes life difficult with the specific failure in Iraq , but I do not agree with Richard Perle that we should never have gone in .
" I do argue that the execution should have been better .
In fact , I argued in late 2003 that we needed more troops and a proper counter - insurgency policy . "
Indeed , not all neo -conservatives have given up all hope in Iraq .
The AEI , which has become the natural home for refugees from the American Project , is promoting an article entitled : " Choosing Victory : A Plan for Success in Iraq " .
The article calls not for a withdrawal of US troops but for an increase .
President Bush 's decision is expected in early January .
Paul.Reynolds-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Sources : Shaohua Chen and Martin Ravallion ,
The developing world is poorer than we thought , but no less successful in the fight against poverty , World Bank , August 2008
For the 95 % on $ 10 a day , see Martin Ravallion , Shaohua Chen and Prem Sangraula , Dollar a day revisited , World Bank , May 2008 .
They note that 95 % of developing country population lived on less than $ 10 a day .
Using 2005 population numbers , this is equivalent to just under 79.7 % of world population , and does not include populations living on less than $ 10 a day from industrialized nations .
This figure is based on purchasing power parity ( PPP ) , which basically suggests that prices of goods in countries tend to equate under floating exchange rates and therefore people would be able to purchase the same quantity of goods in any country for a given sum of money .
That is , the notion that a dollar should buy the same amount in all countries .
Hence if a poor person in a poor country living on a dollar a day moved to the U.S. with no changes to their income , they would still be living on a dollar a day .
Molly Ivins is a nationally syndicated columnist .
Molly Ivins :
The truth about Iraq YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Opinion Iraq George W. Bush Pentagon or or Create Your Own AUSTIN , Texas ( Creators Syndicate ) --
" We 're on the offensive in Iraq , with a clear plan for victory .
First , we are helping Iraqis build an inclusive government , so that old resentments will be eased and the insurgency will be marginalized .
Second , we 're continuing reconstruction efforts and helping the Iraqi government to fight corruption and build a modern economy , so all Iraqis can experience the benefit of freedom .
And , third , we 're striking terrorist targets while we train Iraqi forces that are increasingly capable of defeating the enemy . " -- George W. Bush " The Iraq war has been a disaster . " -- CNN reporter Christiane Amanpour .
The number of terrorist attacks per day in Iraq grew from 55 in December 2004 to 77 per day in December 2006 .
Electricity production in Iraq has not yet recovered to prewar levels , and the electricity in Baghdad is on less today than it was under Saddam Hussein .
On the other hand , telephone and Internet use are up .
While there are no hard numbers , there are repeated reports of the loss of educated , middle - class Iraqis , especially doctors , fleeing the country because of lack of security .
Iraq today produces less oil than it did under Saddam Hussein .
The current oil minister is Ahmad Chalabi , onetime darling of the neo -con set and convicted of bank fraud in Jordan .
The majority of Iraqis favor complete American troop withdrawal , though the timeframes they prefer vary .
" To the extent we stay there with big forces indefinitely , Iraqis will come up with all these theories that we really want to stay here for their oil .
We want to use their country as a springboard for more aggression .
They still see us as occupiers ... " -- Michael O'Hanlon , Brookings Institute .
" A sudden withdrawal of our forces from Iraq would abandon our allies to death and prison ... and put men like bin Laden and Zarqawi in charge of a strategic country . " -- George W. Bush .
Actually , the insurgency in Iraqi is comprised mostly of native Iraqis -- old Baathists and others who do n't like being occupied by infidels .
International terrorist jihadists are a negligible fraction of those fighting , and they are there to fight Americans , not to take over Iraq .
The war in Iraq costs the United States $ 1 billion per week , $ 251 billion so far .
Bush originally said it would cost $ 70 billion .
Before the war , he fired his top economic adviser , Larry Lindsay , who said it would cost $ 200 billion .
Joseph Stiglitz , the Nobel economist , now estimates the total cost between $ 1 trillion and $ 2 trillion .
He includes lifetime care of the wounded , the economic value of destroyed and lost lives , and the opportunity cost of resources diverted to the war .
Over 2,200 Americans have been killed in action in Iraq and 16,000 seriously wounded .
Because we are doing a better job saving the lives of the wounded , those who survive often have devastating injuries from which there is no recovery .
After our main purpose in invading Iraq stopped being the presence of weapons of mass destruction ( the smoking gun in the form of a mushroom cloud ) , or the nonexistent linkage between Saddam Hussein and 9/11 , or alleged links between Saddam Hussein and terrorists in general , our main purpose in invading Iraq became the spread of democracy in the Middle East .
So far , we 've boosted the electoral results for Hamas in Palestine , Hezbollah in Lebanon and , next , the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt .
The remaining allies in Iraq plan to withdraw 25 percent or more of their 22,000 troops this year .
The special inspector general for Iraqi reconstruction released an audit last week containing extensive findings of fraud , incompetence and confusion .
Among the billions of dollars listed as wasted , I especially liked the $ 100,000 someone decided to spend to refurbish an Olympic - sized swimming pool , except that all that got done was shining the pumps .
Soldiers used reconstruction money for gambling , and millions were stored in footlockers and bathrooms .
Three Iraqis fell to their deaths in a supposedly rebuilt hospital elevator that had been certified as safe .
Because of its total misjudgment of the war in Iraq , the administration has failed to enlarge the regular Army and has therefore put the entire institution under immense strain .
The " stop - loss " refusal to let people leave at the end of their enlistments now affects 50,000 soldiers , and mobilization of the reserves and extended service are a form of draft .
Despite chipper denials from the Pentagon , the Army has serious problems with recruiting , especially getting quality recruits , and with regular Army re-enlistment .
The reason the numbers are not worse is because of the bonuses being offered .
The officer corps is also being hollowed out , as younger officers quit in such numbers that 100 percent of those remaining are automatically moved up the ladder .
For example , last year the Army promoted 97 percent of all eligible captains , up from as historical average of 70 percent to 80 percent .
This information is from Pentagon data in a report by the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
It is quite possible this administration is destroying the professional Army .
The most important question about the war in Iraq is whether it is doing any good , and an increasing pool of evidence shows that it has become a rallying and recruiting tool for global terrorists .
Like the other information in this article , the evidence comes from official reports .
I do hope this is responsible criticism that aims for cures , not defeatism that refuses to acknowledge anything but failure .
Click here for more from Creators Syndicate .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
How to Kiss Corporate Life Goodbye
Does the idea of a corporate gig give you that warm , fuzzy feeling ?
Is a raise of 6 % per year until you retire to a $ 20 storebought cake and a Rolex your idea of financial well - being ?
Did you know that health insurance really is n’t all that expensive ?
Hey , college boy , do you run around campus to hit up interviews each spring ?
Stop already !
There are tons of myths out there that protect the corporate lifestyle , but you need not be fooled .
If you want to be continually robbed of your freedoms , be my guest , and do n’t let the door hit you on the way out .
On the other hand , if you want to know how to avoid the corporate rut forever , read on !
Got skills ?
As long as you possess a transferable skillset , then you have everything you need to break free .
Know Microsoft
Office inside and out ?
Awesome .
You can install five different CMS platforms on just about any server under the sun ?
Looks good to me .
Got experience networking computers and wrangling broadband connections ?
You ’re set .
What ’s more , you do n’t even have to be an expert at something right now in order to make a career out of it .
In fact , if you ’re interested in something , you should start learning as much as possible about it from this point forward .
In three months ( perhaps sooner ) , you ’ll be proficient enough to spread your wings .
My point here is simple .
If you can even be considered reasonably “ expert ” in a particular area , then there ’s probably more work out there than you alone can handle .
The only issue , then , is actually going out and finding all this work .
Fortunately , this is relatively easy , and it gets easier all the time .
My story
In October of 2005 , I decided to build myself a little website that combined RSS aggregation with a blog .
These two elements were of great interest to me at the time , and I thought I could get local people interested in the idea of a community blog site .
Enter BlogLouisville .
In the beginning , building the BlogLouisville website was basically just a hobby , but I will admit to being keenly interested in the design aspect of things .
During the construction phase , I was also running a retail business that had an eBay branch , so when I was n’t fulfilling orders , I was hacking out CSS and XHTML .
As soon as I finished BlogLouisville , I was ready for more design , as it was far more appealing than sending out feedback to people who ’d sent me $ 7 on eBay .
How far could I go with CSS ?
Could I ever get as good at Photoshop as Veerle Pieters or Greg Storey ?
Looking back , I see that the answers to these questions were n’t nearly as important as the fact that I was interested in learning as much as possible about web design .
I wanted to learn CSS inside and out ; I wanted to explore Photoshop and develop as much proficiency as possible ; and that ’s all that mattered .
Within two months of launching my first website , I had developed a pretty decent skillset .
A couple of fine folks took notice , and they asked me to design and consult on some sites .
This was essentially my proverbial “ snowball at the top of the mountain , ” because after those two gigs , things really picked up steam .
It ’s been six months since I launched BlogLouisville , and now I get at least three emails a week ( lately it ’s been five or more ) inquiring about design work .
To the casual observer , I ’m sure that I look more or less like a web designer .
Truth is , I ’m just making money doing something that holds my interest and keeps me inspired .
You ’ve got the tools .
Now what ?
It really is all about who ya know .
In October of 2005 , I did n’t know anybody .
Now , I know lots of people , and those people ( great folks that they are ) routinely send business my direction .
With a couple of notable exceptions , I have developed all of my contacts since January , and in that short amount of time , I ’ve essentially built a design business .
If you ’re reading between the lines , then you already see the good news here .
Even if you do n’t know anyone in your field of interest , you ca n’t let that minor detail stop you .
Stick your nose out there and learn to play the part of the expert .
A couple of months of networking could likely set the stage for years to come .
Believe in the snowball effect , because I promise that it will happen to you , too .
The bottom line
Obviously , I would n’t be sitting here singing the praises of an entrepreneurial lifestyle unless I felt like it offered distinct advantages .
Freedom :
If I need to take care of personal stuff at 2 pm , I ’m on it like white on rice .
If I want to go play golf , I ’m so gone .
I know that I ’m going to take care of everything , and not having to worry about someone else coming down on me for doing things however I see fit is , well , priceless .
If I need to take care of personal stuff at 2 pm , I ’m on it like white on rice .
If I want to go play golf , I ’m so gone .
I know that I ’m going to take care of everything , and not having to worry about someone else coming down on me for doing things however I see fit is , well , priceless .
Motivation : Most intelligent people I know suffer from burnout .
Spend too long on one task or at one job , and it ’s bound to hit you like a ton of bricks .
If this happens in a corporate setting , you could be in danger of losing your job or not getting that raise come annual review time .
On the other hand , if you work for yourself , you can devote your time towards learning something new if you experience burnout .
Most intelligent people I know suffer from burnout .
Spend too long on one task or at one job , and it ’s bound to hit you like a ton of bricks .
If this happens in a corporate setting , you could be in danger of losing your job or not getting that raise come annual review time .
On the other hand , if you work for yourself , you can devote your time towards learning something new if you experience burnout .
Money :
The guy you call “ boss , ” who incidentally wears a monkey suit every day to work , says that this year , you ’re worth a 5 % raise .
Who the hell is he , anyway ?
Who is anyone , for that matter , to tell you what you ’re worth ?
This seems like a ridiculous concept to me .
Each day , you go out and determine how much you ’re worth .
You determine it by producing , by learning , and by creating more value in your life and your work .
While those points above might speak to you , I know something that definitely will .
In the first four months of this year , I have earned more than I did in the first six months of last year .
That may not be mind - blowing , but consider this : I literally dropped everything in my old life and completely started over in August of last year .
Seriously , I ran from it like it was the plague .
The only thing I took with me was a little bit of money and the idea that I was going to forge a better life for myself .
Nine months later , I have what is essentially a new outlook on life .
I ’m free ; I ’m happy ; and I feel like I can do anything I want to do .
Now , would n’t you give up your corporate health insurance for that ?
The Antikythera Mechanism I
With Java animations by Bill Casselman
This page has been translated into Czech .
This page has been translated into Latvian .
This page has been translated into Slovak
This page has been translated into Russian
This page has been translated into Mongolian
THIS COLUMN AND THE FOLLOWING ARE WITHDRAWN .
This column was based on published research by Derek de Solla Price , mainly his article Gears from the Greeks - The Antikythera Mechanism , A Calendar Computer from ca. 80 B.C. , Transactions of the American Philosophical Society 64 , part 7 1974 .
Recently the Antikythera Research Project , led by Tony Freeth , Alexander Jones and collaborators , has applied new technology , including computed X - ray tomography ( like a high - resolution CAT - scan ) , to the study of the mechanism .
It turns out that much of Price 's detailed analysis of its internal workings was wrong .
Comments : webmaster@ams.org
© copyright 2000 , American Mathematical Society .
Carefully follow all the directions on the screen .
A simple retroactive game .
fun
The Beautiful Abandoned Subway of Rochester , New York
by Liz With the aid of a handful of internet printouts and repeated warnings that " I hear a lot of people live down there ... " , Ninj and I set off in search of the ruins of the Rochester , NY subway system .
Rochester is the smallest city to have built ( for reasons that remain somewhat unclear to me ) and subsequently abandoned a subway system .
Open from 1927 - 1957 , the Rochester Industrial and Rapid Transit Railway operated track for both commuter subway trains and an interurban transit junction underneath downtown Rochester .
Ultimately , the subway 's inability to serve the outlying suburbs ( due to the city 's inability to justify the expenditure ) led to its failure .
The subway was closed , and what remained of the tunnel system was either filled in due to crumbling infrastructure , or left abandoned .
( With one exception  the track area underneath the Gannet newspaper plant near City Hall was still used for paper deliveries up until as recently as 1996 . )
Ninj and I elected to enter the portion of the system accessible from South Street , right downtown .
After walking around the city extensively the night before , it seemed hard to believe there would be a whole subway system right underneath our feet that no one who did n't care to know such things would ever know about .
But , there it was  behind a fence right behind the Rundell Memorial Library and right before the freeway interchange , a clearly visible portion of the Court Street station revealed itself down a hillside , its siren call unmistakable .
We followed the fence along the hillside a short way until it ended in an explosion of weeds .
At the top of this small hill were three well - worn paths down , and a few highway detour signs cast off into the brush by city workers .
Before we had even made it halfway down the path , we had company .
A scrappy looking 30 - ish guy came up from behind us .
He was carrying what appeared to be a " to - go " container from a restaurant , and greeted us with a pleasant " Hey !
You guys ever been down here before ? " to which Ninj rather un-suavely answered " Uh , no , we 're from out of town . "
Takeout - man quickly disappeared somewhere to eat his lunch .
Not far behind him were a couple of younger guys wearing really large headphones .
They greeted us as well and then disappeared ahead of us to go smoke or drink beer or something .
At the bottom of the hill , a portion of road or bridge is broken off above the entry to a dilapidated " room " .
Was that the sound of water up ahead ?
Oh yes .
Coming inside , Ninj and I were completely stunned to find the remains of Court Street station  the majority of which was a large chamber filled with water , broken pipes in the ceiling above creating incredibly gorgeous urban waterfalls .
Two stone archways formed the back wall ( in the same direction we 'd come from ) of the water - chamber , which was elevated about three feet from the ground and accessed by a short ladder and various walkways .
On the south side of the chamber , low cement arches allowed the water to drop freely to a path returning it to the Genessee River , cascading across flat smooth rocks down a low waterfall .
On the north side of this room were the remains of the staircase into the station , barely existing but still gorgeous for the arched structure underneath .
The evidence of someone 's bed lay up the stairs , so we did n't explore here .
Going further inside , a strange little house / building appeared over to the right , its former purpose unclear .
The path then curved to the left and within a few short steps we found ourselves along the scenic , heavily graffitied subway tunnel under the Broad Street Bridge .
We took the south half of the tunnel along its length  the whole portion of the journey had been exceedingly well - lit so far ( in fact , part of Court Street station is still being lit by a few sodium lamps ) , and the bridge itself was the brightest , a cement tunnel with open archways all the way across the Genesse .
Up ahead , though , was about the darkest thing I had ever seen .
Twin pitch - black holes greeted us at the end of the span .
Our pocket flashlights cowered in their spectre .
We turned them on and entered the first fully underground tunnel .
Dark , dark , and dark , this tunnel creeped me out .
The further we got from the Broad Street bridge , the more I kept sticking my flashlight into corners to make sure no person or thing I did n't want to encounter was there .
The ground was dirty and gravelly , and we found the remains of a track bed and began to walk along that .
Large chunks of rock regularly appeared at our feet , so the going was careful .
Portions of rail still remained .
Pillars flanked us on both sides , but the tunnel was really very wide .
Thinking back on what I know now , I think many portions of the tunnel had room for at least three tracks , two for passenger subways and one for freight traffic .
No evidence of former platforms was at any time visible .
A bizarre ratchetty noise ( " like the metal sound of a rollercoaster going uphill " according to Ninj , who likes rollercoasters more than I do ) was off in the distance .
We stopped and listened for awhile  it was too regular to be human , but it was still creepy in all that darkness .
Near the end of this segment of tunnel we found the culprit : an exceptionally loud , yet small , steam valve , shooting geysers of steam high into the air at regular intervals .
Near the geyser , blocking the front of the track , was a portion of wall , with an open doorway .
We went through the doorway to be greeted by a blast of hot , moist air ... and more tunnel .
This second dark tunnel was even darker than the first , if that 's even possible .
With flashlights off it would be pitch black in all directions , and I seem to remember repeating " this is really scary " a few times as we kept going further and further into this superdark , remarkably sauna - like hole .
The track bed here had become paved in the centre , and this was easy to walk along while looking around trying to figure out where we were changing from tunnel to station , if at all .
On the south side were tracks punctuated by those large triangular wooden things they use , well , at the end of railroad track .
I gather that this segment of track was for freight , as they ran alongside what we would soon discover were the old loading docks of the Gannet newspaper plant .
This accounted for the stray bits of safety signage ( that was definitely NOT circa 1957 ) we 'd seen just nearby .
The docks had a few dirty gloves and fuses lying around , but nothing of interest .
( Really , there were no artifacts anywhere in the tunnels at all , save for the usual beer cans , destroyed cassette tapes , and what I am pretty sure was once a saucy red-and - silver lingerie ensemble . )
At some point here the pillars changed from square to round , and we could read the stencilled words " NO LOITERING " on some of the poles .
This was City Hall Station , or what was left of it , anyway .
Now , while I mentioned already that this was the darkest and most uncomfortable of the tunnels , it was also the scariest , due to a terrifying and LOUD noise that we had been hearing grow louder all the way back from the entrance .
This noise sounded like nothing less fearsome than a zombie - monster dragging its enormous coffin behind it , trailing metal chains along the ground .
It was god - awful sounding , really .
The only human thing I could even conceive of it being in real life was a batallion of angry homeless residents hauling heavy trash cans behind them in order to attack us , but that seemed rather unlikely , and , like the noise before , the pattern was far too regular for it to be human .
That did n't keep me from being deeply spooked every time the sound cycled ( which was every ten seconds or so ) .
At times it seemed to be coming from ahead of us , at times it seemed to be right above us .
But we kept going forward , eventually coming upon the root of the cacophany : yep , another humble steam valve .
This would be an excellent site for field recordings ...
At the end of this tunnel was another phantom dead - end .
That is , approaching the ends of these tunnels we kept half - expecting them to be walled - off , as I 'd understood some of the segments of the subway were .
But as we got closer , there was yet another passageway into the next room  and this one had light leaking in from above !
And sand on the ground instead of rubble or pavement .
And in the sand ... tire tracks .
I remembered reading on the net about a guy who had driven a jeep into one of the tunnels , and I wondered if this tunnel did n't go above - ground again soon .
We approached a portion of tunnel where the room changed character again and decided this must be West Main station .
More and more light came from the southeast , and we were very curious to find out where it ended up when we saw our first rat .
Our little friend was black and chubby .
More than the humans or danger or scary noises , this rat scared us both .
We stood in place and discussed the rat for a little while , then cautiously kept going .
A few minutes later we saw a second , much larger rat , and with little ado , decided they'd be much happier alone in their rat - world and turned back along the long path .
We suspect the tunnels do indeed emerge again not too far past where we gave up .
This map from 1928 seems to indicate that the track heads above - ground again near Exchange Street , which would probably account for the tire tracks , and the proliferation of rats due to the proximity to humans and trash , and explain why it got so much pleasantly cooler the further away from Sauna Tunnel we went .
See Related : Map of the System in 1928
Rochester , NY Subway
Rochester Subway at Viewing Hole Gallery
The End of the Line ( video )
Anyway , we made our way back out ( Ninj pointed out that these tunnels would be extra- unpleasant for a claustrophobe  it's a long way out once you 're way in , and there are no possible emergency exits ) not too dirty and completely unscathed .
The residents or visitors we 'd seen at the entry earlier were nowhere to be seen , so we enjoyed the water room for a little while longer and headed out into the overcast , but suddenly very bright , Rochester afternoon .
I wrote a few new patches for Quartz Composer .
MIDI Global Output CC ::
This patch , when triggered , outputs a MIDI Custom Controller message on a specified MIDI Channel to all MIDI outputs .
MIDI Global Input CC ::
This patch observes a specified MIDI Custom Controller on a specified MIDI Channel , and outputs the Custom Controller Value and a Value - changed trigger .
Unlike the “ MIDI Controllers ” patch that comes with Quartz Composer , this patch does n’t require the user to manually select the “ Observed MIDI Sources ” individually for every controller / computer combination - so you ’re free to take your composition to a different machine and / or controller and jam without needing to hack the composition .
String With File ::
This patch reads a file into a string .
String With URL ::
This patch retrieves a URL into a string .
Document Info ::
This patch returns some information about the zeroth Cocoa NSDocument .
This release is out - of - date .
Please see the This release is out - of - date .
Please see the latest version
Get them here : http://softpixel.com/~smokris/widgets/quartzComposer/kinemePlugins/
Steve Mokris is a developer at Kosada , Inc .
A recent Texas court decision is the first in the country to deal with some of the copyright questions that surround live webcasts .
Robert Davis runs a web site called supercrosslive.com at which he allegedly streamed audio webcasts of live supercross races that belonged to SFX Motor Sports .
SFX sued him back in February , claiming trademark infringement for redistributing the webcasts and for using the company 's logos and track maps without permission .
In its complaint , SFX was upset about " the unauthorized linking of Defendants ' Internet locations with the Websites of Plaintiff , its sponsors and sanctioning body " and the " unauthorized copying , reproducing and distributing " of audio broadcasts .
SFX says that this violated its copyright to the material and also made it more difficult to secure sponsors .
The case is a confusing one , because no one seems entirely clear on their technology .
SFX is obviously not upset that Davis links to their web site ; they want more traffic .
Davis , who defended himself using language that the judge called " generally defiant and full of inappropriate hyperbole , " claims that he has never copied or re-streamed SFX content .
The judge , in his opinion , rules that Davis ' " live webcasts links " violate SFX copyrights , but also says that Davis has " copied SFX 's copyrighted webcasts without authorization . "
What 's going on ?
What appears to have happened is that Davis was directly linking from his pages to the SFX webcast rather than to the SFX webpage ( see an example ) that gave access to the webcast .
This meant that SFX could not display or sell advertising on the page .
But Davis appears to have been correct when he claimed that he did not copy or redistribute the material , making this case one about the practice of " deep linking " to copyrighted content .
Davis countersued and told the judge that SFX " have come roaring into this federal court with the overwhelming force and the ethics , or lack thereof , of Genghis Khan . "
The judge was not impressed .
He ruled in favor of SFX , finding that Davis ' linkage was not " fair use " and that it could cause irreparable harm to SFX by limiting the company 's right " to sell sponsorships or advertisements on its own website as the ' exclusive source ' of the webcasts . "
It 's not at all clear why the lawsuit was even necessary .
One of the reasons that such cases are rare is that it's a trivial matter to control access to your own material .
Redirection , whitelists , and blacklists could all have been used to make sure that access to the webcast was only granted from SFX 's site , and would certainly have been cheaper to set up .
The court order allows Davis to continue running his website , and it looks like he would be allowed to link to the SFX web page in question , rather than the actual website .
Instead , Davis ' site has been shut down and now shows only a list of links to court documents .
An operation like the 1940s Berlin airlift is needed , the UN says
UN emergency relief chief , Jan Egeland , said the organisation had never seen such a " logistical nightmare " .
Nato began flying in 900 tonnes of aid on Thursday , but Mr Egeland said a massive airlift was also needed to bring people out of remote areas .
Pakistan says nearly 50,000 people died in areas under its control .
Local officials put casualties far higher , and the number is expected to rise .
At least 1,400 others died in Indian - administered Kashmir , officials say .
Aid airlift
Mr Egeland said an airlift was needed of the proportions of the Berlin blockade of the 1940s , when Allies flew in supplies to the divided city in communist eastern Europe .
He said aid had to be sent in , and tens of thousands of homeless and injured people flown out , of remote regions before winter set in .
Major donors ... are going to have to look at themselves in the mirror and ask why
UN aid co-ordinator Andrew MacLeod Dangers facing survivors Annan on quake aid
Mr Egeland said of the aid sent so far : " This is not enough .
We have never had this kind of logistical nightmare ever .
We thought the tsunami was the worst we could get .
This is worse . "
The tsunami , which struck on 26 December , killed more than 200,000 people around the Indian Ocean .
Mr Egeland , speaking in Geneva , said the quake situation was becoming worse by the day .
" Tens of thousands of people 's lives are at stake and they could die if we do n't get to them in time . "
Nato on Thursday began an airlift of 900 tonnes of aid from warehouses in Turkey .
Ten thousand tents will be flown to Pakistan over the next few weeks , although the UN has warned there may not be enough winterised tents in the world to meet the needs of the earthquake victims .
The UK announced another $ 35 m ( £ 20 m ) towards the relief effort .
' Second wave of death '
Mr Egeland said only $ 86 m had been pledged of the $ 312 m the UN had asked for to fund the relief operation - and far less actually received in hard cash .
' WINTERISED ' TENT
Heavy duty tent designed for long - term use by a single family PVC groundsheet sewn onto the sides for wind proofing and to retain warmth Some types are designed to accommodate cooking stoves ICRC estimates that 30,000 such tents are required in Pakistan
Earlier , UN Secretary General Kofi Annan called for the global relief effort to be increased to help three million people made homeless by the 8 October quake and facing the fierce Himalayan winter without shelter .
" That means a second , massive wave of death will happen if we do not step up our efforts now , " he said .
Mr Annan said that in the most affected areas hospitals , schools , water systems and roads had all been destroyed .
He called upon top international representatives to attend a UN - sponsored donors conference in Geneva , Switzerland , next week .
Mr Annan 's chief aid co-ordinator in Islamabad , Andrew MacLeod , told the BBC : " If the second wave of deaths hit , it 's the major donors that are going to have to look at themselves in the mirror and ask why . "
Health fears
On Thursday the Global Green Peace group warned of another danger for quake survivors - the possible shifting of thousands of landmines along the Line of Control in Kashmir .
HOW TO DONATE Unicef www.unicef.org.uk UNHCR www.unhcr.ch Disasters Emergency Committee ( UK ) www.dec.org.uk World Food Programme www.wfp.org Kashmir International Relief Fund
www.kirf.org Red Cross / Red Crescent www.icrc.org
However , both Indian and Pakistani military officials said if there was any shifting , civilian areas would not be affected .
Similar fears in Sri Lanka after the tsunami proved to be unfounded .
Doctors have also warned that tetanus could become a big problem in quake areas if vaccinations are not carried out properly .
WHO doctor , Irfan Noor , said 18 cases had now been reported from the Balakot area of Pakistan 's North - West Frontier Province and that many of those affected were children .
He said there had been three deaths so far from tetanus , two of them children .
The BBC's Imogen Foulkes in Geneva says the earthquake has come at a time when aid agencies are already very stretched carrying out relief work in storm - hit central America , as well as Niger and Sudan .
She quotes a senior official as saying agencies would find it very difficult to respond to another disaster .
While 92 countries had helped nations hit by last year 's tsunami , only some 15 to 20 countries had responded to the quake , the Reuters news agency quoted Mr Egeland as saying .
Analysis
By Steve Schifferes
Economics reporter , BBC News website
Wage growth for average workers has been stagnant
The US economy has been generating strong economic growth over the past few years as it has come out of recession .
After growing at more than 3 % a year in 2004 and 2005 , the pace picked up to a blistering 5.6 % annual rate in the first quarter of this year - although the pace has since then slipped back to 2.9 % .
So far , though , little of that growth has translated into the hands of the average worker , according to new research from the Economic Policy Institute ( EPI ) .
Click here for a graph of wages vs. productivity
For real household incomes , the median point - the level at which half of households earn more and half less - has actually fallen over the past five years .
The unprecedented split between growth and living standards is the defining economic agenda
Jared Bernstein , Economic Policy Institute
That marks a notable contrast with the 1990s , when the economic boom boosted both jobs and incomes .
The puzzle of economic expansion without significant job or wage growth has been troubling US economists and commentators of all political persuasions .
Slowing wages " The unprecedented split between growth and living standards is the defining economic agenda of the day , " says the EPI 's senior economist , Jared Bernstein .
During the five years from 2000 to 2005 , the US economy grew in size from $ 9.8 trillion to $ 11.2 trillion , an increase in real terms of 14 % .
Productivity - the measure of the output of the economy per worker employed - grew even more strongly , by 16.6 % .
But over the same period , the median family 's income slid by 2.9 % , in contrast to the 11.3 % gain registered in the second half of the 1990s .
The wages of households of African or Hispanic origin fell even faster .
And new entrants to the labour market fared particularly badly .
Average hourly real wages for both college and high school graduates actually fell between 2000 and 2005 , and fewer of the jobs they found carried benefits such as health care or company pensions .
The poor performance of the US economy in delivering fuller wage packets may be one reason why the public gives the Bush administration 's such a low rating on economic policy .
According to the latest Gallup poll , only 37 % approve of Mr Bush 's handling of the economy , and 70 % think economic conditions are getting worse , substantially worse figures than in 2004 .
With mid-term elections to the House of Representatives and Senate - both , currently , held by Mr Bush 's Republicans - due in November , the contrasts are concentrating minds in both main parties .
Where has the increase gone ?
One way to comprehend what is happening is to look at the split between how much of the economy is won by profits and how much by wages .
The share allotted to corporate profits increased sharply , from 17.7 % in 2000 to 20.9 % in 2005 , while the share going to wages has reached a record low .
Meanwhile , a large section of the workforce - the unemployed or those not seeking work - have not benefited from economic growth .
Unemployment has remained stubbornly high despite the economic recovery , with the latest figure at 4.7 % compared to 4 % at the end of 2000 .
Overall job growth in the first half of the current decade has been just 1.3 % .
In the 1990s , job growth of some 12 % goes some way towards explaining why prosperity in that earlier period spread down the income scale .
Rising inequality Even for those with jobs , the fruits of economic growth have been more unequally distributed within the labour market .
The incomes of the top 20 % have grown much faster than earnings of those at the middle or bottom of the income distribution .
The income of the top 1 % and top 0.1 % have grown particularly rapidly .
From 1992 to 2005 , the pay of chief executive officers of major companies rose by 186 % .
The equivalent figure for median hourly wages was 7.2 % , leaving the ratio of CEOs ' pay to that of the average worker at 262 .
In the 1960s , the comparable figure was 24 .
There has been much debate about the extent to which the tax policies of the Bush administration , which lowered many taxes on capital , have contributed to this trend .
The administration argues that the tax cuts have been vital to the economic recovery , and that more jobs and higher wages will eventually follow GDP growth .
It also says that the encouragement to invest delivered by lower taxes has made the US more productive , and therefore more competitive in the global economy .
Explanations
The authors of the EPI report argue that low minimum wages , weakened union power , and the loss of both blue and white - collar jobs to off shoring do much to explain the jobs picture .
Admittedly the Federal minimum wage has been static for a decade , but the downward pressure on wages is probably coming from other sources .
One is immigration , which may have a greater effect on the wages of low - skilled workers .
Another is the " China effect , " , the idea that low prices of imported manufactured goods are pushing US industry to cut its workforce in order to increase productivity .
The head of the US central bank , Ben Bernanke , recently admitted that globalisation was producing losers as well as winners .
" The changes in the pattern of production are likely to threaten the livelihoods of some workers and the profits of some firms , even when these changes lead to greater productivity , " he said .
So for politicians of all parties , trying to understand how the average family can gain a greater share in future prosperity may prove one of the biggest electoral challenges of the year .
return to top
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Introduction
The other day I wanted to listen to a song I remember from my youth .
I took the old vinyl record out of its sleeve and put it on my aging turntable .
I gently dropped the needle onto the appropriate track , and out came the music , but it was way too fast .
It seems my turntable broke , and now plays everything at exactly 45 rpm instead of 33 .
Bummer !
It was a slow song and I wanted it slow .
Luckily , I found I had another copy of the same song that the record company that owned the rights to the song had released ( the CD was " Greatest Folksingers of the ' Sixties " ) .
Much nicer .
Unfortunately , they had only included that one song -- I could n't play any of the others I wanted from the original album .
I 'll have to try to fix my turntable .
This got me to thinking about preserving old works of composers , musicians , authors , and other creative individuals .
How does that preserving come about and will today 's works produced on digital media last into the future ?
How are works preserved through the generations ?
As human beings , we benefit greatly from the works of others .
Artists , thinkers , scholars , and performers create works that we all enjoy , learn from , and are inspired by .
Many works are timeless .
Either standing alone or in the context of their time or other times , they are valuable periodically years after they are created .
We often hear of authors , artists , or composers who only become popular or have their greatest impact after their death , sometimes many years later .
How are these works passed down through the generations ?
It usually is n't the direct result of the efforts of the original creator .
Other people make it their job to preserve the works and pass them on .
These jobs are either formal , like librarians and curators , or informal , like enthusiasts and hobbyists .
There are additional other people who find interesting works and bring them to the attention of new generations .
These may be scholars doing research , or a collector who develops a strong passion .
How are the actual works preserved ?
Sometimes just storing the work is sufficient , but in most cases a change in environment is needed .
The artist 's original location may be sold for another use .
The work may be created in a material that is affected by air and water , and must be kept in a temperature - and humidity - controlled room .
To preserve unique items , we often need to go to extremes , even to preserve them for just a few hundred years .
According to a professional preserver , the Archivist of the United States , the US Constitution , Bill of Rights , and Declaration of Independence are stored in an encasement " ... made of pure titanium , high - strength glass , and specially treated aluminum to encapsulate these aging , fragile documents in argon , an inert gas , for their long - term preservation ... "
For some works , it 's enough to just preserve the words themselves .
For these and others , copies are what we preserve , such as recordings of performances , or microfilm copies of newspapers .
We produce the copies in more stable media , or ones that are easier from which to reproduce .
( In a way , this is a form of " changing the environment " . )
The practice of constantly producing new copies before the old copies wear out has worked well .
To increase the likelihood of long - term survival for a work , such as a religious text , producing many copies and keeping them in diverse places has also worked very well .
With ever changing technology , in order to preserve many works we will need to constantly move them ahead , copying them to each new media form before the previous one becomes obsolete .
Also , as we create new media , we need to preserve the knowledge of the methods of converting from one media to another , so we can still access the old works that have not yet been moved ahead .
This is crucial .
Without this information , even preserved works could be unreadable .
The most famous example of that type of translation information was an inscribed slab of rock from 196 BC found in 1799 .
It contained a decree written in Greek that was also written in two forms of Egyptian .
It 's called the Rosetta Stone .
It let scholars finally read ancient works in hieroglyphics that they had physical possession of but whose language had been a mystery for 1,400 years ( despite being common for the 3,500 years before being superseded ) .
Cuneiform , a form of writing used by many ancient civilizations , was similarly opaque to scholars until they found a text in multiple languages carved into a cliff -- the Behistun inscription .
Cuneiform writing that I photographed in 1966 at a NYC museum A well known example of preserving a work for many years is the Dead Sea Scrolls .
These 2000 - year old scrolls contain copies of Biblical and other writings .
Thanks to the unusual environmental conditions of where they were stored ( Qumran ) , they survived relatively intact .
They were mainly written in the same Hebrew letters used today .
I was fortunate to visit some of these at an exhibit in the United States in the mid-1960's .
I took pictures of some of those that I saw at the request of one of my teachers for his research .
I found those old negatives a few days ago , and , though you can't read such tiny negatives with your naked eye , my made - in - 2001 film scanner can read them 35 years later .
Looking at those images , I can read them now ( I know modern Hebrew ) and found that I photographed what looks like a variant of Psalm 136 :
Dead Sea Scroll , still readable 35 and 2000 years later .
It starts : " ... Key Tove , Key L'Olam Chasdoh -- ... for
He is good , for His mercy endures forever . "
This is an example of many types of preserving : Repeated copying of the Psalms for hundreds of years from their original authoring until the days of the people at Qumran , good preservation of their copy for 2000 years , independent preservation of the language , sharing of the work by the current preservers with the help of institutions like museums , having a copy made yet again for an enthusiast ( by me for my teacher ) , preserving those copies ( me and my parents who saved them at home for many years with my other negatives ) , today 's film scanners being able to read the old film which was created before the idea of digital scanning , and finally , me being able to read it and then share yet another copy with you through the Internet .
If you show it to someone who knows Hebrew , they should be able to read most of it .
Quite a long , unbroken path .
Let 's hope we can continue to preserve things so well through so many steps .
Enter copy protection
There are things happening that make me worry that the future may not be bright for preserving many of the works we create today .
For example : Companies are preparing to produce music CDs that cannot be copied into many other formats ( something allowed by law as " fair use " ) .
Most new eBooks are copy protected .
A new bill may be heading to Congress that will require all digital devices to enforce copy protection schemes for copyrightable material .
An existing law makes it a crime to tell people how to make copies of protected works .
I believe that copy protection will break the chain necessary to preserve creative works .
It will make them readable for a limited period of time and not be able to be moved ahead as media deteriorates or technologies change .
Only those works that are thought to be profitable at any given time will be preserved by their " owners " ( if they are still in business ) .
We know from history that what 's popular at any given time is no certain indication of what will be valuable in the future .
Without not - copy protected " originals " , archivists , collectors , and preservers will be unable to maintain them the way they would if they were n't protected .
( Many of these preservers ignore fashion as they do their job , because they see their role as preservers not filters . )
We wo n't even be able to read media in obsolete formats , because the specifications of those formats will not be available .
To create a " Rosetta Stone " of today 's new formats will be asking to go to jail and having your work banned .
This is different than encryption or patent protection .
With encryption , as long as the keys for reading survive , and a description of the method of decryption , you can recreate the unprotected original .
It 's even better -- you can prove authenticity .
Patent protection just keeps you from creating and using your own unlicensed reader for a limited period of time .
After that , the legal duty of the patent is to teach you how it works so you can make your own .
For long - term preservation of works ( as opposed to short - term quick advancement in some fields ) patented techniques are good because they discourage secrets and eventually put things in the public domain .
Let me give you another personal example , this time about copy protection .
One of the most popular parts of this web site is a copy of the original IBM PC version of VisiCalc .
Actually , that 's not exactly true .
It 's not the same exact program you could buy .
The original VisiCalc was only shipped on 5 1/4 " copy protected diskettes .
Part of the program checked that the diskette it was loaded from had the special copy protection modifications .
Despite the fact that I have an old computer with a 5 1/4 " diskette drive , I still could n't make a copy that would run that I could distribute .
I received permission from the current copyright holder to distribute the copies , but VisiCalc had n't been produced for years and they lost track of any original masters they had owned .
( Companies usually do n't have reason to maintain and catalog old , non-profitable material for too long , especially through mergers and acquisitions . )
Luckily for me , an employee of Software Arts , my company that created the original program , kept a " test " copy we had used internally that was created without the copy protection code .
He was not one of the original authors , but is an informal " collector " of things .
He ended up at Lotus , the next owners of the rights .
He left Lotus years later , and gave me a copy he had moved ahead from system to system after that ( he produced the copy for me on a Windows NT machine ) .
Thanks to Lotus ' permission ( which I would n't need in the far future when the copyright expires ) , I was able to post a copy on the Web , and now many tens of thousands of people have their own copies .
Thanks to those not - copy protected copies , and the documentation available about the original IBM PC , it is much more likely now that future generations will be able to learn about early PC programs by running VisiCalc .
If only the original diskettes could be passed down , then after they deteriorated they would not be useable , and until then , only people with special obsolete equipment could run them .
The IBM PC VisiCalc diskette with " Copy Protected " warning Conclusion Copy protection , like poor environment and chemical instability before it for books and works of art , looks to be a major impediment to preserving our cultural heritage .
Works that are copy protected are less likely to survive into the future .
The formal and informal world of archivists and preservers will be unable to do their job of moving what they keep from one media to another newer one , nor will they be able to ensure survival and appreciation through wide dissemination , even when it is legal to do so .
If you are an artist or author who cares more than about the near - term value of your work , you should be worried and be careful about releasing your work only in copy protected form .
Like the days when " art " was only accessible to the rich , two classes will probably develop : Copy protected and not copy protected , the " high art " and " folk art " of tomorrow .
Artists and authors need to create their works and still make a living .
Copy protection is arising as a " simple fix " to preserve business models based upon the physical properties of old media and distribution .
Our new media and distribution techniques need new business models ( perhaps with different intermediate players ) that do n't shortchange the future .
Trying to keep those old business models in place is as inappropriate as continuing to produce only 33 rpm vinyl records .
The Queen Mother Hospital ’s ( Margate , UK ) server was down for two days because it was stuffed with illegal music , movie and software downloads .
While the server was down X - rays had to be processed using film .
The sysadmin tried to regenerate some of the most vital data from the server , but some essential data had to be restored from hand - written notes .
The crash slowed down the hospital and an angry patient responded :
It ’s a disgrace .
How can they sit around downloading music when they should be looking after patients ?
By blocking up the system they ’ve put people at risk .
According to a spokeswomen of the hospital the staff have been told that from now on any music , movies or other inappropriate files will be removed .
So no illegal downloads anymore to fill their Ipods .
The migration of popular computing applications to the Web has changed the way we view the web browser .
Some of our most frequently used applications now exist within a tab of Firefox or Internet Explorer , constantly polling a remote server on our behalf and presenting the results in a rich interface powered by the latest features of JavaScript and / or the Flash Player plugin .
These “ live ” web applications have pushed the browser to its limits ( and sometimes beyond ) , consuming increasing amounts of memory and network bandwidth as our browser terminal remains connected to the data cloud .
Storing data and preferences directly on the user ’s machine is one way to speed up a web application and even offer some offline capabilities , connecting to data stored on a local hard drive instead of relying on a remote server .
In this post I ’ll walk through some of the ways web application developers take advantage of local storage to speed up applications , persist user preferences , and enable features for “ occasionally connected ” users .
Storing web application data within a local cache opens up new possibilities for a future class of web applications by storing and loading user data directly on a user ’s hard drive .
The future of asynchronous JavaScript and XML ( Ajax ) will extend its reach beyond client - server interactions and into local XML storage addressed from any web page and interpreted by the client web browser .
A web application can rely on local storage options when disconnected from the Internet , saving changes locally and synchronizing results whenever an active Internet connection is available .
Imagine a personal finance site storing your stock portfolio and historical prices locally , creating quick access to charting and planning tools powered by pre-loaded data .
Your favorite blogging tool might already use local storage to automatically save drafts of your blog posts , checking for spelling and grammar mistakes based on locally stored individual preferences .
A personalized homepage might store your selected widgets and their content locally , quickly loading your information dashboard with or without an available Internet connection .
Local storage of client preferences and data is nothing new but , like DHTML , is being rediscovered as web applications squeeze as much as they can out of currently deployed browsers and popular plugins .
Just like other web technologies such as JavaScript and CSS , support for local data files addressable from a web page varies by browser .
JavaScript libraries such as Dojo Storage abstract each storage method into a single JavaScript call with appropriate storage based on available resources ( thanks Brad Neuberg ! ) , but it ’s useful to take a look at the low - level options and their respective limitations .
Web browser local storage options Browser Storage Max Size Any Cookies 4 KB Flash Player 6 and above Flash local Shared Object 100 KB Internet Explorer 5 and above userData 1 MB Firefox 2 and above DOM Storage 5 MB
Cookies
A HTTP cookie persists user data in a single browser across multiple browsing sessions , allowing a website to track items placed in a shopping cart , recognize a logged - on user , save a site preference , and more .
Cookies are limited to 4 KB of storage per domain and are a good way to persist user data for convenience or tracking .
Modern web browsers contain cookie and privacy management features to wipe away stored cookies and their stored data and therefore have limited utility for continued persistence .
Cookies are sent along with every request on a given domain , adding extra weight to every message exchanged between an end - user ’s browser and your site , even if the cookie data is only occasionally utilized .
Browser cookies are the most common form of persisting data across multiple website visits but their limited size , common deletion , and added weight limit the usefulness of this time - tested storage method .
Flash local Shared Object
Websites can take advantage of Abode ’s ubiquitous Flash Player to store data as a local shared object or Flash cookie .
Flash storage objects are available in Flash Player 6 or above , reaching 96 % of web users in mature markets as of September 2006 .
Flash Player can store up to 100 KB per domain without any user interaction .
Storage limits can be increased by prompting the user for a larger allocation .
Stored data is accessible across the user ’s Flash Player instances , loading stored data into Internet Explorer , Firefox , and even Flash apps such as Apollo .
It ’s possible to view , delete , and change Flash cookies stored on your computer through the Flash settings manager , but most storage will occur seamlessly behind the scenes without involving the user .
Flash local shared objects provide a reasonable amount of storage across multiple browsers and applications .
The Flash Player plugin requires some additional allocated system resources at runtime for a single function , but you can limit its use to only those pages on your domain requiring a local storage component .
Internet Explorer userData
Internet Explorer 5 and above supports data persistence using a userData behavior .
Per - document and per-domain storage restrictions vary based on a site ’s security zone .
userData storage limits by security zone Security Zone Page storage Domain storage Intranet 512 KB 10 MB Internet 128 KB 1 MB Restricted 64 KB 640 KB
An enterprise application has access to up to 10 MB of storage for each internal domain and Internet applications can take advantage of up to 1 MB of storage per domain , or 128 KB on every page view .
These XML files reside in the user ’s settings folder and will not be removed when the user clears out cookies , temporary files , or autocomplete settings in Internet Explorer .
Internet Explorer exposes a relatively large local storage component for web applications to query when needed .
It ’s especially useful in corporate environments , creating up to 10 MB of fast - access data for each user .
Firefox DOM Storage
Firefox 2 supports local storage based on the WHATWG DOM storage method , simply referenced as DOM Storage in the Mozilla context .
Current versions of Firefox 2 allow unlimited storage through the DOM Storage feature but future Firefox releases ( post - 2.0.0.1 ) will restrict usage to 5 MB per-domain .
A website can access not only data within its own subdomain or domain , but within a given top - level domain ( .gov , .com , etc. ) or any requesting page , creating some interesting opportunities for shared data namespaces .
DOM Storage can queue an alert events when a browser connects or disconnects from the network , prompting a data sync once a user ’s local changes are able to talk to a remote server .
The standardization process behind WHATWG DOM Storage for web applications holds promise for future implementations of browser - based storage from other working group members such as WebKit / Safari and even Google .
These storage methods are very new and I expect many implementation details will become solidified in the Firefox 3 development process .
Conclusion
Client - side storage addressable from any web page has the potential to change the way we build web pages and the division of labor between client and server .
Just as CSS and JavaScript created new ways to style and interact with a page , the client - side storage capabilities of modern browsers will create a new concept of a web application runtime .
It ’s yet another step in the progression of web applications trying to create the best possible experience using the latest widely deployed web browsers and browser plugins .
Web applications using these latest technologies can deploy an upgrade on - the - fly , initializing a new set of libraries and web page templates after examining a user ’s browser and bandwidth for compatibility .
Web applications such as Google Calendar might store your appointments locally , exposing this data to Google Maps or other mapping applications to plan the route to your next appointment without submitting a new server requests for the same data .
Your webmail will be downloaded locally , quickly loaded even if you are on a plane .
I ’m excited to see more applications start to use client - side storage available in modern browsers such as Internet Explorer , Firefox , and the Flash plugin .
I ’ll happily give up the space of a MP3 file in exchange for a better experience in my favorite web application .
I think we ’ll hear a lot more about client - side storage for web applications in the coming year .
Free * phone calls all around the world : Download the free VoipBuster .
VoipBuster is a free program that uses the latest technology to bring free and high - quality voice communications to people all over the world .
When you use the free VoipBuster software , you can call regular phones in various popular destinations for free or call at an incredible low rate to any other phone on the planet .
You can also call all your online friends ( pc - to - pc calls ) as long as you like , for free .
Just click here to download VoipBuster ; the download should take only a few moments depending on your connection speed .
Download the FREE software » |
Go to the instructions »
Supercooled Water
Yesterday morning I went to get some bottled water from my garage .
It had been in the garage for over a week , mostly undisturbed .
The outside temperature was reportedly - 17 °C ( about 1 °F ) ; I imagine the garage was slightly warmer than that , but still below the freezing point of water .
I picked up a bottle of water and noticed that it was not frozen .
In fact , it was completely liquid .
But soon after I disturbed it , the water in the bottle began to crystalize .
The water became progressively cloudy from the top down as it froze inside the bottle .
The effect was much like the ice creeping along the walls and floors in The Day After Tomorrow ( 2004 ) .
Unfortunately , I was unable to capture the action yesterday .
With hopes of reproducing the phenomenon , I thawed a few of the bottles and put them out again last night .
This morning it was slightly warmer ( about - 7 °C ) , but I was pleased to find that several of the bottles of water were still in the liquid state .
I managed to capture three videos of reasonable quality of the water turning to ice .
Videos
These videos were recorded with a Canon Powershot S50 digital camera .
They have not be altered in any way , other than to reencode them to xvid from mjpeg to reduce size ( edit : and then uploaded to YouTube , 2006 - 12 - 15 ) .
I assure you that the liquid you see in them is truly water with nothing added to it .
It is straight from the bottle .
The bottled water I happened to have was Nestle Pure Life Purified Water .
Video 1 : This shows an open bottle , about half full , being shaken .
The water solidifies in a matter of seconds .
Video 2 : Water in a clear glass is stirred with a straw and freezes .
( This is the most impressive video , in my opinion )
Video 3 : I tried to pour some water from a bottle into a glass , but ice formed at the mouth of the bottle before I could get much out .
This video ( almost ) shows the crystalizing in the bottle .
Keep your eyes on the bottom of the bottle ; you can see it get cloudy as the water changes states .
Note : As of 2006 - 12 - 15 , the videos above are hosted on YouTube .
Conclusion
Well , if you ’re impressed , you ’re probably normal .
Yesterday , when I first saw it happen , I picked up three or four more bottles , just watching it crystalize inside the bottle .
Wikipedia has an article on supercooling , and this article also has a mention of the supercooling of water .
In order for water to be supercooled , it needs to be in a very clean and “ smooth ” container and it needs to be quite pure :
Water typically wo n’t freeze without some impurities around which its molecules can begin to coalesce .
For this reason , researchers who study supercooled water do so with the purest water they can get .
— Why Water Is Weird
So , with smooth clean plastic as the container for pure bottled water sitting undisturbed in a cold garage , the conditions were just right for the supercooling effect to occur .
It is indeed quite the spectacular sight .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Another Darth Vader Parody .
Vader opens and closes his pod as an officer tries to give a report .
Nice comedy timing in the editing .
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:16 , Reply
Now that 's funny
And I do n't even like Star Wars
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:24 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:24 , Reply
hahaha
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:34 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:34 , Reply
Made me hit
the " I like this " , excellent timing !
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:44 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:44 , Reply
Haha
Top stuff to kick off the day !
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:44 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:44 , Reply
That bloke has a bucket on his head !!!!
comedy gold !
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:52 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:52 , Reply
haha
thats fantastic !
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:53 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 10:53 , Reply
hahaha
Funniest thing I 've seen in ages
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 11:54 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 11:54 , Reply
hahaha !
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 13:48 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 13:48 , Reply
I think I just peed a little :0D
/ click
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 14:36 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 14:36 , Reply
i LIKE this
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 14:45 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 14:45 , Reply
W
O
O
!
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 15:30 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 15:30 , Reply
Hahahahaha
brilliant * clicks *
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 15:45 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 15:45 , Reply
Sometimes the simplest things are the best :)
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 16:13 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 16:13 , Reply
making a monkey out of Vader
seems to be teh taste of teh webs at the mo .... more of it i say !
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 16:21 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 16:21 , Reply
vader needs to ...
reach out at some point and slap the assistant henchman on the face - then shut the pod again ....
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 18:00 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 18:00 , Reply
Ace !
nice find
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 18:20 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 18:20 , Reply
so simple
yet utterly wonderful
( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 19:25 , ( , Mon 31 Jul 2006 , 19:25 , Reply
That is truly wonderful .
I love this type of thing .
That 's why I do it .
( , Sat 5 Aug 2006 , 0:36 , ( , Sat 5 Aug 2006 , 0:36 , Reply
I genuinely laughed out loud .
Not just a little laugh ; it brought tears to my eyes .
Comedy gold !
( , Sat 5 Aug 2006 , 14:41 , ( , Sat 5 Aug 2006 , 14:41 , Reply
Great
Made me chuckle and I 'm not a huge Star Wars fan .
Excellent editing and timing .
( , Sat 5 Aug 2006 , 22:42 , ( , Sat 5 Aug 2006 , 22:42 , Reply
Superb !
( , Fri 11 Aug 2006 , 20:50 , ( , Fri 11 Aug 2006 , 20:50 , Reply
Anticipation ran high when Google announced it would be throwing its mighty clusters open , to host all the world 's video .
What a potent combination .
Surely it would only be a matter of time before ' Big Media ' crumbled , taking with it the tyrannical copyright regime , as a new wave of technologically - empowered citizens demonstrated their emergent , peer - to - peer creativity ?
The autistic would supplant the artistic , in a rainbow revolution , powered by what The Economist describes as ' The Church of the Algorithm ' - Google .
Alas , the results are exactly what any rational person might have predicted .
Now we can see what Google Video looks like - and it looks like gigabytes of tiny clips of pets and children performing in home made holiday videos or ' bloopers ' , interspersed with advertisements from religious fringe groups and cults , and quite bizarre public information films .
We had to pinch ourselves that we were watching a slow - motion PowerPoint presentation entitled Monitoring and Controlling Post - Pasteurization Contamination ( PPC ) - although as it sooned turned out , this was the educational high point of the evening .
For the Guardian newspaper has beaten us to the scoop - again ! - and found much tastier nastier content .
As Bobbie Johnson reports today , in only a fortnight Google has become the world 's favorite repository for playground bullies and " happy slappers " to dump the gory recordings of their contests .
" ' Black Dudes Fighting ' , features a bloody , bare - knuckle brawl between two men in a backyard .
Another , boasting the long - winded title ' Girls Fighting Punching Kicking Chick Fights Cat Fight ' is a 17 - minute film of violent altercations , with the combatants egged on by a crowd of onlookers .
At the end of one brawl , a teenage girl appears to have been knocked unconscious , " we learn .
We did some research of our own .
It 's amazing what you can find in five minutes using the random button , and we urge you to try it out for yourself .
This is the kind of thing the Guardian discovered , and it 's much in evidence :
More curious however is Google 's approach to sexual content .
When Google co-founder Larry Page announced the project last April , he appeared to welcome saucy clips .
" There might be an adult section , or something like that .
I do n't think that is going to be a big issue , " said Page , hopefully .
One like this , we wondered ?
Although it was a delight to see Caramelhoneys.com star Angel after all these pasteurization safety videos , it does n't quite seem to chime with Google 's official policy of monitoring risqué content .
And when we found this gem , we could only conclude it would belong in the public safety information film , section , if only such a thing existed
Safety at work , indeed .
Rarely , and commendably for a report about Google in the mainstream media , the Guardian dares approach the core of the problem .
Which is that at the Church of the Algorithm , algorithms do n't really help with judging subjective artistic merit .
Whether something 's good or bad .
A drunken Eurovision Song Contest judge from the Boom - lang - a - lang era would surely have done a better job than the technicians from the brightest New Media company on earth .
" Some experts suggest that any selection process could undermine the key strength of the company , " reports Johnston , quoting a consultant who charmingly puts it sweetly , like this -
" Google is basically the spirit of the internet .
I can't see that they will want to change that . "
Ain't that the truth . ®
By Tom Geoghegan
BBC News Magazine
Scientists claim to have found the secret to that magical quality , charisma , and they say it can be learnt .
But before you enrol for classes , do n't think it will get you the job of your dreams .
Willy Loman in Arthur Miller 's Death of a Salesman is deluded in believing that charisma , or being " well - liked " as he calls it , is more important than ability in making a person a success .
His philosophy is exposed as flawed but he did have half a point .
After all , most of the greatest leaders in history possessed a star quality that drew others to them .
Churchill , Napoleon and Martin Luther King had a magnetism which is often easier to identify than it is to explain .
Until now .
HOW TO BE MORE CHARISMATIC General : Open body posture , hands away from face when talking , stand up straight , relax , hands apart with palms forwards or upwards
To an individual :
Let people know they matter and you enjoy being around them , develop a genuine smile , nod when they talk , briefly touch them on the upper arm , and maintain eye contact
To a group :
Be comfortable as leader , move around to appear enthusiastic , lean slightly forward and look at all parts of the group Message :
Move beyond status quo and make a difference , be controversial , new , simple to understand , counter - intuitive Speech :
Be clear , fluent , forceful and articulate , evoke imagery , use an upbeat tempo , occasionally slow for tension or emphasis SOURCE : Prof Richard Wiseman Researchers say having an infectious personality induces others to copy your body language and facial expressions .
The study , led by British Professor Richard Wiseman , involved more than 200 people taking part in FameLab , a national competition to find the new " faces of science " .
The ones who scored highest in a questionnaire about how much they seem to transmit their emotions to others also progressed the furthest in the competition , when they used their personalities to impress a panel of judges .
" When you see someone else who has charisma , without realising it , you 're mimicking their posture and their facial expressions , " says Professor Wiseman , a psychologist .
" An obvious example is when someone smiles at you and you smile back .
And how you hold yourself influences your emotions . "
You 're unaware you 're mimicking this person , although you know they make you feel happy , he says .
A charismatic person has three attributes , says the professor :
they feel emotions themselves quite strongly ;
they induce them in others ;
and they are impervious to the influences of other charismatic people .
Lucky ones
But do n't despair if you have n't got these qualities because you can learn them .
Professor Wiseman estimates charisma is 50 % innate and 50 % trained .
His tips include keeping an open body posture and communicating your ideas clearly .
I honestly believe that these are techniques and skills which can be learnt and practised
Jeremy Milnes
Confidence tutor Broadcaster and confidence tutor Jeremy Milnes agrees that techniques can make a huge transformation , and says nearly all the people he 's worked with have improved .
Key areas are listening , asking questions and not trying too hard to be the centre of attention .
" There are some people who are just lucky buggers and are just naturally charismatic , like Johnny Depp , David Bowie and Marilyn Monroe , " he says .
" But I honestly believe that these are techniques and skills which can be learnt and practised and can be made part of your own behaviour .
" I do n't deny there 's a bit of magic there , but these are things which can be worked on .
They 're not out of people 's reach .
You might not learn them all but you may be comfortable with some of them . "
It 's not about sex appeal ....
Charisma plays a huge part in bringing success because it goes hand - in - hand with self - confidence , he says .
But although it can be learnt , it can't be faked .
" Whatever skills and techniques you have are routed from your own personality , so you do n't come across as fake or insincere .
There 's nothing worse than that . "
Michael Mallows , an author and personal development coach , says whether the group he addresses is five , 50 or 500 , he usually has their full attention within 10 minutes .
Although he teaches people to keep their integrity and avoid over - selling themselves in interviews , it can happen .
WHAT IS CHARISMA ?
Charis means " grace " or " gift " in Greek A gift or power of leadership or authority ( OED ) A certain quality of an individual personality by virtue of which he is set apart from ordinary men and treated as endowed with supernatural , superhuman , or at least specifically exceptional powers or qualities ( Sociologist Max Weber 1947 )
" A lot of work I do is with people who did fabulous interviews but are then not up to the job , " he says .
" There could have been some rapport in the interview between you and one key person on the panel , but then in the job the people do n't like your style and you can't understand why your natural charm is n't enough . "
But recruitment consultants say charisma is not enough to con a good interviewer .
" Interviewing has progressed in recent years and competencies are used to find out what the person has done , " says Alison Burgin of Badenoch & Clark .
" This means getting down to specifics , so it does n't matter how much you buy into a wonderful personality if there 's no justification for taking that person on . "
Coaching interviewees in personal skills enables them to overcome nerves and be more themselves , she says .
" Without coaching , a good person could be missed , but it wo n't make a bad person good . "
A selection of your comments appear below .
The debate is now closed .
It 's all to do with confidence .
If you feel uncomfortable with over - smiling or touching upper arms then you simply wo n't appear charismatic , just awkward .
Work on not giving a damn and the rest will follow .
Kate Ellis , UK Charisma is for wimps !
It 's a smokescreen for those people who have no real depth .
I have bucket loads of charisma but it 's all bravado .
When it comes to getting down to business and ' getting the job done '
I find it 's those people who are not charismatic that achieve more as they have more to prove ...
Mark Knight , UK Charismatic people , although attractive on a first approach , tend to irritate me , especially those who are self - aware and take advatage of their charisma to climb their career ladder .
I 'd rather work with a shy , uncharismatic but effective and intelligent person .
Oscar Lima , United Kingdom
I once saw Maya Angelou speak , and despite her standing in front of around 4 or 5 hundred people she was still able to make the event appear as if we were all guests in her home , listening to her telling a story to each of us .
She used song , used rhyming words , took pauses and made good eye contact .
She also had a very strong , confident bodily presence that may have come about in part from her clothes but also from her size .
It was fascinating to watch , and interesting to see how some of the most attractive people are not necessarily the ones that appear on magazine covers and in movies .
Alastair , UK What about Jesus ?
Jesus was probably one of the most carismatic persons in history !
Please note that I 'm not a religious person , but I have to admit that there are very few people that can be charismatic enough as to be remembered for more than 2000 years after his / her death !
Atheist , Denmark Perhaps we should look for our own best gifts and treat those gifts as if they had quite a lot of their own magentic draw -- and to be eager to find the most charismatic character traits in others .
Rather than crowd in like a braying mule .
Richard Green , USA
Who the heck wants to learn how to be charismatic ?
Who is that bored ?
Just be yourself .
ughh .
Lape , USA Personal sources of charisma come from disarming smiles where the whole face smiles , where the mind smiles .
Sincere empathy that helps to connect with an audience also helps .
I 'd add emotional intelligence in picking issues and turning a phrase that paints pictures .
Desmond Tutu has charisma of the uplifting kind .
MD , USA I work with managers who have been made redundant and coach them through applications and interviews .
The key to charisma is having a genuine interest in the other person - hard to manufacture !
Charisma is generated by those who are not too self - aware and there is always a little of the ingenuous about them !
Sandra Culham , England
What a load of rubbish .
Hitler was probably the most charismatic out of any leader in the 20th century - he led an entire country to its doom - but I would n't say he smiled a lot !
Ian Wild , UK Another word for leader is manipulator .
I 'd rather " science " also be paying attention to the other side of the equation :
How easily followers are lured by charismatics , for better or worse .
I 'd rather people be taught not how to manipulate others but rather think for him / herself .
Dan Stephens , USA ( I did n't vote for Bush ! )
Part of the charisma is also based on the clothes a person wears .
There is a saying in Tamil " A person is made of half himself and half cloths " it similar to saying " you are as good as the cloths you wear " .
Naturally charismatic people , in my opinion have good dress sense too !
Malar Ponnusamy , USA Charisma , like common sense , is innate .
It can not be developed or learnt as this strikes at the whole concept of the matter .
What these scientists are discussing here is the projection of confidence , which does not necessarily constitute charisma .
Many people are confident ; this does not mean they can , or will , inspire others to follow them or their lead
Matt , UK Charisma is very innate in people .
Some people are born with it .
I have a cousin , who has been so charismatic since her childhood , it shows in her pictures too ! , but it does wear off on people .
Seeing her , I too have imbibed some of her charismatic features .
It 's more like , one can absorb them , but to entirely learn them from a book seems quite difficult to me .
Rachna , Canada
I believe it 's a fallacy to expect people to formally ' learn ' these behaviours and implement them successfully .
The best method of learning this in this case would be in a natural and informal way .
One only needs to look at how insincere politicians come across in interviews ( think Michael Howard and his hand gestures ) to see how faking it comes across .
Sundeep Sidhu , UK Charisma is more than just simple ability to communicate or extrovertedness .
And science should be pursuing something more useful with their time .
Alex , USA Charisma : Thatcher had it , so did MacMillan .
So did Clinton ... and Hitler ( which goes to show that charisma does not always work to the good ) .
Blair has charisma but over - plays his hand ( by which I mean he acts the part rather than lives it ) .
David Davies does n't have charisma : the Tories will be backing a loser if they make him their leader .
David Seekings , England
Some of this is just common sense but if anybody makes a habit of trying to touch me on the upper arm ( as recommended in the article ) it drives me insane .
Paul , UK Undoubtedly , the most charismatic person I have ever seen is Bill Clinton .
The techniques noted here are so much part of his performances : he has them in spades .
I 'd use him if you want to learn from a true master .
Alan Davidson , London , SW16
Cor I wish I had read this a day earlier !
At least then my X factor audition may not have been so uneventful and I could have got a chance to have a pop at Simon Cowell !
he he
Ant , UK Hitler had charisma but I would n't want him working with me .
Kevin , UK
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On the 5th anniversary of the iPod , Steve Jobs talks with Newsweek about the iPod ’s cultural impact .
Steve nails the money shot with this answer :
QUESTION : Microsoft has announced its new iPod competitor , Zune .
It says that this device is all about building communities .
Are you worried ?
ANSWER : In a word , no .
I ’ve seen the demonstrations on the Internet about how you can find another person using a Zune and give them a song they can play three times .
It takes forever .
By the time you ’ve gone through all that , the girl ’s got up and left !
You ’re much better off to take one of your earbuds out and put it in her ear .
Then you ’re connected with about two feet of headphone cable .
What an answer .
With a subtle style all his own he ’s saying Microsoft = Cold tech and Apple = Humanity .
MS scares her away , Apple gets the girl .
That ’s a sharp , clear , and powerful distinction .
Whether it ’s true is up to the customer , but Jobs understands how to bait the hook like few others .
Earlier this year , Denmark came top in a world map of happiness ( the UK ranked 41st out of 178 nations ) .
And for more than 30 years it has ranked first in European satisfaction surveys .
So what makes Danes so content ?
Researchers in this week 's Christmas issue of the BMJ decided to find out why life satisfaction in Denmark substantially exceeds that in Sweden and Finland , the two countries most similar to Denmark .
Their hypotheses range from the unlikely ( hair colour , genes , food and language ) to the more plausible , such as family life , health and a prosperous economy .
However , their analysis points to two explanatory factors .
Firstly , winning the 1992 European Football Championship put Danes in such a state of euphoria that the country has not been the same since .
This may explain the high level of life satisfaction in Denmark after 1992 , they write .
Secondly , while Danes are very satisfied , their expectations for the coming year are rather low .
In contrast , Italy and Greece , which rank low on life satisfaction , rank high on expectations for the year to come , together with Swedes and Finns .
The causes of the stolid depth of Danish wellbeing are undoubtedly multifactorial , they say .
The Danish football triumph of 1992 has had a lasting impact , but the satisfaction of the Danes began well before 1992 , albeit at a more moderate level .
The key factor that explains this , and that differentiates Danes from Swedes and Finns , seems to be that Danes have consistently low ( and realistic ) expectations for the year to come .
So the key to happiness may lie in the fact that if you lower your expectations enough you might feel a bit better next Christmas , they conclude .
A while ago I posted some comments on the press coverage of an event by Valve , where they explained threading in the Source Engine to a couple of tech - journalists .
Unfortunately , the coverage left many open questions and some things even appeared to be wrong .
Fortunately , Tom Leonard , the threading guru from Valve is a nice guy and agreed to answer some of my questions via email .
This post contains the conversation we had .
Michael : Both articles claim that existing threading engines were inefficient when it came to games .
Inefficient is a broad description , which engines did you evaluate what exactly made them unsuitable for your game ?
Latency ?
Thread - Switching - Costs ?
Some other kind of overhead ?
Or something else ?
Tom :
To clarify , although we considered actually writing our own low level threading system , this idea was just a thought exercise .
At the low level , we ’re using operating system threads .
We just tend to micromanage more than the average application .
To clarify , although we considered actually writing our own low level threading system , this idea was just a thought exercise .
At the low level , we ’re using operating system threads .
We just tend to micromanage more than the average application .
At the OS level , while we ’re obliged at times to use OS features to play nice ( e.g. , Windows events ) , we generally avoid them unless totally necessary because thier cost ( in time ) is very hard to predict .
For example , a hand - built mutex using an atomic compare exchange spin loop with a custom back - off is way more efficient and predictable than a Windows critical section .
Michael :
How much work is involved in having to maintain your own threading engine along with the game ?
As far as I know , the source engine even runs on multiple platforms ( e.g. on the Xbox , which is built on Power PCs if I am not mistaken ) , which makes the situation even more challenging , right ?
Tom :
The PC is more challenging than the Xbox .
The PC is a variable set of cores , different manufacturers , different generations within one manufacturer , with arbitrary code running both in other processes in DirectX .
On the other hand the Xbox is a fixed number of cores with a well defined CPU sharing model with the Xbox UI .
The PC is more challenging than the Xbox .
The PC is a variable set of cores , different manufacturers , different generations within one manufacturer , with arbitrary code running both in other processes in DirectX .
On the other hand the Xbox is a fixed number of cores with a well defined CPU sharing model with the Xbox UI .
So the underlying framework on the 360 is a subset of the PC .
The 360 tends to differ in that on the 360 the code being threaded tends to have a stronger opinion of which core it should be assigned to .
Michael : Maybe I do n’t understand enough about game internals and the challenges you face in game programming to really understand that decision .
What exactly is so different about games that you had to invent your own system for it ?
Scarce resources ( especially on consoles ) ?
Soft realtime requirements ?
Or something else ?
Tom : Primarily the fact that games want to be a real - time simulation , and Windows is not a real time operating system .
As a game programmer , I need to make decisions about feature sets and complexity with the confidence that I can control the framerate implications .
Because of this , using opaque tools really is n’t an option .
Primarily the fact that games want to be a real - time simulation , and Windows is not a real time operating system .
As a game programmer , I need to make decisions about feature sets and complexity with the confidence that I can control the framerate implications .
Because of this , using opaque tools really is n’t an option .
Futhermore we know so much more about what we ’re doing at a macroscopic scale that we can generally make much better decisions about when and where to execute code than a general purpose library could .
Michael :
How does your threading - engine cope with these problems ?
From the articles it appears you are working on a very low level ( assembly ) to solve the problems – but the usual threading engines can do that as well …
Tom :
The primitives are assembly where needed ( various flavors of CAS operations ) .
Everything else is in C ++.
Michael :
Is the assumption I made in my comments that you are not using lock - free algorithms correct ?
Tom : Incorrect .
We ’re striving to make our code as lock free as we can , as it ’s the only way to scale .
Part of our core toolkit is a set of lock - free data structures ( all CAS based , some with back off schemes , some with thread cooperation schemes ) .
Incorrect .
We ’re striving to make our code as lock free as we can , as it ’s the only way to scale .
Part of our core toolkit is a set of lock - free data structures ( all CAS based , some with back off schemes , some with thread cooperation schemes ) .
Based on these primitives I ’ve built a set higher - level systems to help programmers express things in a lock - free manner .
Sometimes on Windows the code has to go into a wait state to cooperate with other processes .
But on the 360 the code can run full - throttle lock - free .
I ’ve also used these tools to make all of our core systems ( allocators , resource management , world representations ) lock - free .
In the case of the presentation last month , for the purposes of communicating to the layperson , it was easier to overload the term “ lock - free ” in a general sense than the more specific “ lock - free ” , since the former presupposes the latter , and the latter is only interesting if you ’ve committed to the former as an design goal .
I ’ve never really tried to articulate this idea , so forgive me if this does n’t make much sense .
I ’m of the opinion that the very strict “ lock - free ” definition is interesting for people implementing the building blocks , but only marginally useful to general programmers .
Really applying lock free algorithms requires a corresponding code and data design philosophy in higher level code , which is where I ’ve been spending most of my effort .
For me personally , at times it reminds me of the sort of mental shift I had to go through in the late eighties as OO started surpassing structured programming .
To be successful you have to get your head into this space of non-deterministic code whose reality might switch from instruction to instruction , where you leverage inference rather than locks to know part of the system is stable .
For example , the work distribution system sends prioritized jobs out to pools of threads or specific threads .
Using a pairing of a set of lock free queues and an interlocked integer it ’s able to support multiple providers and multiple servicers with good scalability .
While the lock free queues and stacks were a precondition to achieving this , the most interesting step was understanding how the API needed to express itself to allow it ( e.g. , a few discrete priorities ) , and how the worker code needed to be structured ( i.e. , make the fact that it gets dibs to do a work unit disjoint from the actual unit it ends up processing ) .
I ’m sure this sort of stuff is well understood in domains where threading has been prevalent .
It ’s new to gaming .
Michael :
This I find very interesting .
It sounds like you ended up implementing a whole lot of functionality lock - free .
Personally , I have only very limited experience with lock - free programming ( I generally try to stay portable , because we have access to a lot of different machines – a goal that does not mix well with lock - free programming , especially since I have not found any good and portable lock - free libs ) .
I have done an experiment with a small lock - free library some time ago , however and compared a lock - free taskpool with a hand - written one ( using in part thread - local storage for the latter to avoid locking at all ) and the results under heavy load were strongly in favor of the hand - written version – this convinced me at the time that lock - free was not something I had to get into immediately – these CAS - ops still do take a lot of time .
Maybe I will have to revisit that decision sometime , especially since I was of course comparing apples and oranges , since the lock - free version did not get to use thread - local storage .
But related to this , I have another question : Avoiding locks in the first place by making certain parts of the problem private to each thread is a technique that has worked for me a lot of times .
I could imagine that it could work in a game engine as well , e.g. by partitioning the world into smaller pieces that only one thread ends up processing .
Are you doing something similar ?
Or is that not feasible for an FPS ?
Tom : Absolutely , and I too consider this to be superior even to a lock free approach when feasable .
The best example I can think of in our code is a data structure known as the “ spatial partition ” .
Our system is a client - server architecture where the server and client each have a similar but not identical opinion of the state of the world .
Previously this was a single voxel hash that contained the server view , the client view , and all of the shared view ( the static world ) .
Rather than make this thread safe , I chose instead to split into two separate trees , duplicating the shared view in each .
Absolutely , and I too consider this to be superior even to a lock free approach when feasable .
The best example I can think of in our code is a data structure known as the “ spatial partition ” .
Our system is a client - server architecture where the server and client each have a similar but not identical opinion of the state of the world .
Previously this was a single voxel hash that contained the server view , the client view , and all of the shared view ( the static world ) .
Rather than make this thread safe , I chose instead to split into two separate trees , duplicating the shared view in each .
Another pattern that seems to recur is some sort of lock - free system to get a “ ticket ” for a given instance of work or of a resource , and then run that work in on an independent instance represented by that ticket .
The pool of instances may be limited , but with the right tuning any real contention can be limited .
Michael :
My previous questions were all about the internals of your threading - system , but obviously a lot of work went into making it easy to use , an area I personally find very important and challenging .
From a very broad perspective , what did you and your users find so easy to work with in the system ?
Or asked differently :
What does your threading system look like from a users perspective ?
Or were you even able to hide threading from most developers – and if yes , how ?
Tom :
While I expose a set of lower level tools for programmers who know what they ’re doing , at a high level I expose a small set of tools to express a few general techniques .
I also rely heavily on C++ template mechanisms to coerce the compiler into generating all of the marshalling code so programmers do n’t need to .
Here are some examples …
While I expose a set of lower level tools for programmers who know what they ’re doing , at a high level I expose a small set of tools to express a few general techniques .
I also rely heavily on C++ template mechanisms to coerce the compiler into generating all of the marshalling code so programmers do n’t need to .
Here are some examples …
A simple one - off push to another core looks like this : < View plain text > C++
if ( ! IsEngineThreaded ( ) ) _Host_RunFrame_Server ( numticks ) else ThreadExecute ( _Host_RunFrame_Server , numticks ) ;
A simple parallel loop : < View plain text > C++
extern void ProcessPSystem ( CNewParticleEffect * & pNewEffect ) ; if ( particlesToSimulate .
Count ( ) ) ParallelProcess ( particlesToSimulate .
Base ( ) , particlesToSimulate .
Count ( ) , ProcessPSystem ) ; Queue up a bunch of work items , wait for them to complete : < View plain text > C++
BeginExecuteParallel ( ) ExecuteParallel ( g_pFoo , & CFoo :: Func1 , arg1 ) ; ExecuteParallel ( & Bar , arg2 , arg3 ) ; EndExecuteParallel ( ) Semi-manual .
This one is interesting as the code has used a similar template techniques to create a queue of journaled graphics calls and then executes the whole batch on another core : < View plain text > C++
m_pActiveAsyncJob = g_pThreadPool - > QueueCall ( this , & CMaterialSystem :: ThreadExecuteQueuedContext , pPrevContext ) ;
Very manual : < View plain text > C++
CJob * pJob = new CFileAsyncWriteJob ( pFileName , pSrc , nSrcBytes , bFreeMemory , bAppend ) ; m_pThreadPool - > AddJob ( pJob ) ;
Now , I realize that this is n’t much to look at .
But it is pretty straightforward to most programmers , and underneath the hood ( in CThreadPool ) there is a unified set of profiling and debugging tools that programmers can leverage .
Michael : Since I am also a member of the OpenMP language committee , I cannot resist the temptation to ask : did you consider using OpenMP ?
And if yes , what kept you from doing so ?
I could imagine coupling the ease of use of OpenMP with a custom - built OpenMP - runtime - library , optimized for games could be a viable approach to overcome some of your problems – but then again , I do n’t really know enough about the challenges of game programming to have more than a speculative opinion on that :-) .
Tom : I looked into the appropriateness of OpenMP for our problem domain .
The primary issue with OpenMP for us was control of performance .
At critical points , we really want to control exactly where code is executed , which OpenMP seemed to lack .
For example , we can know a lot about the data and code we ’re working on , and distribute work to maximize cache utilization .
Furthermore , there was no real guarantee of the characteristics of OpenMP between compilers and platforms .
I looked into the appropriateness of OpenMP for our problem domain .
The primary issue with OpenMP for us was control of performance .
At critical points , we really want to control exactly where code is executed , which OpenMP seemed to lack .
For example , we can know a lot about the data and code we ’re working on , and distribute work to maximize cache utilization .
Furthermore , there was no real guarantee of the characteristics of OpenMP between compilers and platforms .
Also , the type of problem OpenMP is good at , loop parallelization , is by far a subset of the types of ways we want to do distribute work .
Finally , we have a category of programmer here who are really game designers who program , and I felt the decoration of OpenMP would be a barrier for some of those people .
This is exacerbated by the fact OpenMP uses pragmas , which means more complicated usages ca n’t be disguised behind preprocessor macros , the common way of mitigating that sort of issue .
Michael : Thanks
Tom , that was very enlightening !
» Current justices | Chief justice duties | Court appointments | Special Roberts sworn in as chief justice Bush poised to name O'Connor replacement John Roberts is sworn in as chief justice by Justice John Paul Stevens while his wife , Jane , holds a Bible .
PREVIOUS CONFIRMATIONS
Stephen Breyer
Confirmed 87 - 9 on 7/29/94
Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Confirmed 96 - 3 on 8/3/93
Clarence Thomas
Confirmed 52 - 48 on 10/15/91
David H. Souter
Confirmed 90 - 9 on 10/2/90
Anthony M. Kennedy
Confirmed 97-0 on 2/3/88
Douglas Ginsburg
Withdrew before confirmation hearings
Robert H. Bork
Rejected 42 - 58 on 10/23/87
Antonin Scalia
Confirmed 98 - 0 on 9/17/86
William H. Rehnquist ( for Chief Justice )
Confirmed 65 - 33 on 9/17/86
Sandra Day O'Connor
Confirmed 99 - 0 on 9/21/81
John Paul Stevens
Confirmed 98 -0 on 12/17/75
William H. Rehnquist ( for Associate Justice )
Confirmed 68 - 26 on 12/10/71 RELATED QUICKVOTE
Will John Roberts be a good chief justice ?
Yes No or View Results SPECIAL REPORT YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Supreme Court Senate George W. Bush John Roberts or or Create Your Own WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- John G. Roberts Jr. was sworn in Thursday as the 17th chief justice of the United States after winning Senate approval with a solid majority .
Roberts , 50 , was given the oath of office by the senior associate justice , John Paul Stevens , at a ceremony in the White House 's East Room .
The ceremony was witnessed by President Bush , six other justices of the Supreme Court , Roberts ' wife and the couple 's two children , as well as members of the Senate and other invited guests .
( Watch : Roberts is sworn into office ) " The Senate has confirmed a man with an astute mind and a kind heart , " President Bush said before the ceremony .
Roberts replaces the Chief Justice William Rehnquist , who died September 3 after a battle with thyroid cancer .
Speaking without notes , Roberts first thanked Stevens -- a 30 - year veteran of the court -- and then said to Bush , " There is no way to repay the confidence you have shown in me other than to do the best job I possibly can do , and I 'll try to do that every day . "
Roberts added , " I 'll try to ensure , in the discharge of my responsibilities , that , with the help of my colleagues , I can pass on to my children 's generation a charter of self government as strong and as vibrant as the one that Chief Justice Rehnquist passed on to us . "
The ceremony took place less than four hours after Roberts was confirmed to the post in a 78 - 22 vote in the Senate , ending a 10 - week roller coaster ride for the federal appeals judge .
He is to go through an investiture ceremony Monday at 9:15 in the courtroom , prior to the beginning of oral arguments for the court 's next term .
Watching the vote Roberts watched the voting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House accompanied by staff who assisted him during the confirmation process , including former Sen. Fred Thompson .
Roberts ' wife watched the vote from the Senate gallery .
He was originally nominated to fill the vacancy created by the pending retirement of Justice Sandra Day O'Connor .
But following the death of Rehnquist , Roberts was quickly named by President Bush to take over the court 's top spot .
All 55 Republicans were united in their support .
They were joined by 22 Democrats and one independent senator .
Twenty - two Democrats voted no .
In a sign of the importance of the event , senators upheld tradition by voting from their seats as their names were called .
Lawmakers usually are free to mill about the floor or leave the chamber .
The vote was never in doubt , despite misgivings from some Democrats that Roberts would be too conservative .
Kennedy not convinced " I hope I am proven wrong about John Roberts , " said Sen .
Edward Kennedy , D - Massachusetts , in a floor speech before the vote .
" I have been proven wrong before on my confirmation votes .
I regret my vote to confirm Justice Scalia , even though he , too , like Judge Roberts was a nice person and a very smart Harvard lawyer . "
Kennedy was also among five Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee to vote against Roberts .
Others voting in opposition included Sens. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York , Dianne Feinstein of California and Evan Bayh from Roberts ' home state of Indiana .
Democrats voting yes included Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Ron Wyden of Oregon and Max Baucus of Montana .
( Read how the Democrats voted ) " I do not know , none of us do , the mark that Chief Justice Roberts will leave on the court , " said Sen. Mitch McConnell R-Kentucky .
" With his many fine qualities he may be a great administrator , he may leave some great reform of our court system , he may revolutionize some area of law -- but he will be a successful leader . "
Next nominee With Roberts widely expected confirmation , attention on Capitol Hill shifts to the president 's choice to replace retiring O'Connor .
( View a gallery of possible Supreme Court nominees )
At the White House , spokesman Scott McClellan called on the Senate to treat Bush 's next nominee in the same " civil and dignified way " Roberts was treated .
" The president will nominate someone that all Americans can be proud of , someone who is highly qualified to serve on the highest court in our land , " McClellan said .
" While this nomination did not warrant an attempt to block this nominee on the floor of the Senate , the next one might , " warned Sen.
Charles Schumer , D - New York , in a speech Wednesday .
" I hope and pray the president chooses to unite , rather than divide -- that he chooses consensus over confrontation . "
Democrats ' frustration Some Democrats complained that Roberts did not adequately answer their questions , after Roberts repeatedly deflected inquiries by insisting he could not comment on issues that might come before the high court .
Because O'Connor has been a moderate swing vote on the closely divided court , the battle over her replacement could prove more contentious than the comparatively mild tussle over Roberts ' confirmation .
Bush administration officials close to the selection process have told CNN that Bush will announce his nominee to replace O'Connor as soon as Friday .
The focus of the search process has been on women and minority candidates , Bush sources confirm , although White House advisers are holding their cards close to the vest .
Roberts , a native of Buffalo , New York , grew up in Indiana before going east to Harvard for undergraduate studies and law school .
A Roman Catholic , he is married with two small children .
Roberts was principal deputy solicitor general during the administration of Bush 's father , former President George H.W. Bush , presenting the administration 's arguments before the high court .
His boss at the time was Kenneth Starr , who later became the Whitewater special prosecutor involved in former President Bill Clinton 's impeachment case .
Roberts also served in the Reagan administration , first as special assistant to Attorney General William French Smith and then as associate White House counsel .
He was a law clerk for Rehnquist .
Roberts was confirmed in 2003 to the D.C. Circuit , considered the most influential federal court outside of the Supreme Court .
However , approval of his nomination was delayed two years by Senate Democrats when they gained control of the chamber after Sen.
Jim Jeffords of Vermont quit the Republican Party and became an Independent .
Bill Mears of CNN's Washington Bureau contributed to this report .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
分岐しないソー ト
ソートについ て
データをソートする場合に、どのアルゴリズムが最速かというのは、実に悩ましい問題である。使われかたの状況や、データの性質等、様々なことを考慮しなければ決めらないし、ソートアルゴリズムをそのまま利用するのではなく、他のアルゴリズムと組み合わせる方がよい場合もある。また、データをあらかじめソートしやすいように前処理を施すなどをするとよいこともある。とはいえ、どんなソートを使うべきか、という何らかの基準はほしいものである。平均的に高速といわれるのはクイックソートである。ただ、この「平均的」というがクセモノで、ソートするデータが決まっている場合、その最速のソート方法はクイックソートでない場合がかなり多い。しかも安定でないという弱点をもつ。以下に、よく知られているソートアルゴリズムを表にしてみた。アルゴリズムの詳細については各自で調べてほしい。
安定か、否か 実行時間 備考 逆写像ソート 安定 O ( n ) 作業領域が必要。 分布数えソート 安定 O ( n ) 作業領域が必要。 ラディックスソート 安定 O ( mn ) 作業領域が必要。 クイックソート 安定でな い O( n log n ) 最 悪 O ( n ^2 ) になる場合がある。 ヒープソート 安定でない O( n log n ) マージソート 安定 O( n log n ) 作業領域が必要。 挿入ソート 安定 O( n ^2 ) ほとんどソートされているデータでは非常に高速。 選択ソート 安定 O( n ^ 2 ) バブルソート 安定 O( n^2 )
今日のように、メモリが十分にある場合、まず、O(n)のアルゴリズムを選択できないか考えるのがよいだろう。それが適用できない場合は、データの種類に応じて、クイックソート、マージソート、挿入ソートを使うのがよいようである。あと、ソートする要素のサイズが大きい場合は、その要素へのポインタを作成し、ポインタをソートすると、要素の移動が最小限で済み、高速化できる。
少ない要素数の高速ソート
ソート数要素がある程度多い場合(数十から数百以上)は、前述のとおりだが、比較する要素数は少ないが、呼び出される回数が非常に多いために高速性が要求されるような特殊な場合は、状況が変わってくる。オーダの問題はあまり関係なくなり、アルゴリズム自体の処理のオーバーヘッドが問題になってくる。ソートする要素数が４つや５つになると、O(n)
やO( n log n) のアルゴリズムより、O(n^2)のアルゴリズムの方が速くなる場合が起きてくる。そういう極限的な状況で最適なソートというものを考えてみる。その答えの一つがバイトニックソートである。そのコードを以下に示す。
このコード片は、小瀬氏がNetNewsに投稿したものを元にしている。
Newsgroups : fj.comp.lang.c,fj.comp.lang.c++,fj.comp.lang.misc
Message -ID : < 8l1mc5$rv$1@nw042.infoweb.ne.jp >
// ４要素に対するバイトニックソートのコード
# define lswap2 ( a , b) { t=d [a ] ; d[ a ] =d[ b ] ; d [ b ] =t;}
# define lswap3 ( a , b, c ) {t=d [ a ] ; d[ a ] =d [ b ] ; d[ b ] =d[c ] ; d[ c ] =t;}
# define lswap4 ( p , q , r , s ) {t=d [ p ] ; d[ p ] =d[q ] ; d[ q ] =d[r ] ; d[ r ] =d[s ] ; d[s ] =t;}
void sort4l ( unsigned int * d ) {
unsigned int t ;
if (d [ 0 ] < d [ 1 ] ) if( d [ 2 ] < d [ 3 ] ) if( d [ 0 ] < d [ 2 ] ) if( d [ 1 ] < d [ 3 ] ) if( d [ 1 ] < d [ 2 ] ) return ;
else lswap2 ( 1,2 )
else lswap3 ( 3,1,2 )
else if ( d [ 1 ] < d [ 3 ] ) lswap3( 1,0,2 )
else if ( d [ 0 ] < d [ 3 ] ) lswap4( 3,1,0,2 )
else{lswap2( 3,1 ) ; lswap2( 0,2 ) ;}
else if ( d [ 0 ] < d [ 3 ] ) if( d [ 1 ] < d [ 2 ] ) if( d [ 1 ] < d [ 3 ] ) lswap2( 3,2 )
else lswap3 ( 1,3,2 )
else lswap2( 1,3 )
else if ( d [ 1 ] < d [ 2 ] ) lswap4( 2,1,0,3 )
else if ( d [ 0 ] < d [ 2 ] ) lswap3(0,3,1 )
else lswap4( 2,0,3,1 )
else if ( d [ 2 ] < d [ 3 ] ) if( d [ 0 ] < d [ 3 ] ) if( d [ 1 ] < d [ 2 ] ) if( d [ 0 ] < d [ 2 ] ) lswap2(0,1 )
else lswap3 ( 2,0,1 )
else lswap2( 2,0 )
else if ( d [ 1 ] < d [ 2 ] ) lswap4( 1,2,3,0 )
else if ( d [ 1 ] < d [ 3 ] ) lswap3( 3,0,2 )
else lswap4( 1,3,0,2 )
else if ( d [ 0 ] < d [ 2 ] ) if( d [ 1 ] < d [ 3 ] ) if( d [ 0 ] < d [ 3 ] ) {lswap2(0,1 ) ; lswap2( 3,2 ) ;}
else lswap4 ( 0,1,3,2 )
else lswap3 ( 0,3,2 )
else if ( d [ 1 ] < d [ 3 ] ) lswap3( 1,3,0 )
else if ( d [ 1 ] < d [ 2 ] ) lswap2(
3,0 )
else {lswap 2 ( 1,2 ) ; lswap2( 3,0 ) ; }
}
何をやっているのか簡単に説明すると、全要素に対して必要最小限の比較を行った後、最小限の移動回数でデータを一気にソートしているのである。まさに究極のソートに思えるのであるが、この方式には致命的な弱点が存在する。それは分岐するコードが、要素数の階乗というオーダで増加するということである。O(n!)に比べれば、O(n^2)なんて実にかわいらしいものである。４要素で４！＝２４、５要素で５！＝１２０、６要素で７２０、７要素で５０４０、８要素で４０３２０(このあたりでコンパイルできるか怪しくなる)、１０要素で３６２８８００、１６要素で２．０９×１０＾１３、５５要素で１．２７×１０＾７３(無量大数を突破)・・・行き過ぎた。とにかくこの方式はごく少数の要素にしかつかえないのである。
分岐しないソー ト
ようやく本題である。前述のバイトニックソートは確かに比較回数も移動回数も少ない。が、分岐の仕方はCPU泣かせである。最近のCPUで最適化をするのであれば、パイプライン、分岐予測、キャッシュを考慮しなければならない。そこで、プロセッサ依存ではあるが、分岐をしないソートを作成し、高速化した。
分岐しないソー ト( 32bit , 4要素 , PentiumPro以降 ) の例を以下に示す 。
In today 's Wall Street Journal , I offer a manifesto for the Pigou Club , the elite group of pundits and policy wonks with the good sense to advocate higher Pigovian taxes .
( Click here for a partial membership list . )
By N. Gregory MankiwWith the midterm election around the corner , here 's a wacky idea you wo n't often hear from our elected leaders :
We should raise the tax on gasoline .
Not quickly , but substantially .
I would like to see Congress increase the gas tax by $ 1 per gallon , phased in gradually by 10 cents per year over the next decade .
Campaign consultants are n't fond of this kind of proposal , but policy wonks keep pushing for it .
Here 's why :
The environment .
The burning of gasoline emits several pollutants .
These include carbon dioxide , a cause of global warming .
Higher gasoline taxes , perhaps as part of a broader carbon tax , would be the most direct and least invasive policy to address environmental concerns .
Road congestion .
Every time I am stuck in traffic , I wish my fellow motorists would drive less , perhaps by living closer to where they work or by taking public transport .
A higher gas tax would give all of us the incentive to do just that , reducing congestion on streets and highways .
Regulatory relief .
Congress has tried to reduce energy dependence with corporate average fuel economy standards .
These CAFE rules are heavy - handed government regulations replete with unintended consequences :
They are partly responsible for the growth of SUVs , because light trucks have laxer standards than cars .
In addition , by making the car fleet more fuel - efficient , the regulations encourage people to drive more , offsetting some of the conservation benefits and exacerbating road congestion .
A higher gas tax would accomplish everything CAFE standards do , but without the adverse side effects .
The budget .
Everyone who has studied the numbers knows that the federal budget is on an unsustainable path .
When baby - boomers retire and become eligible for Social Security and Medicare , either benefits for the elderly will have to be cut or taxes raised .
The most likely political compromise will include some of each .
A $ 1 per gallon hike in gas tax would bring in $ 100 billion a year in government revenue and make a dent in the looming fiscal gap .
Tax incidence .
A basic principle of tax analysis -- taught in most freshman economics courses -- is that the burden of a tax is shared by consumer and producer .
In this case , as a higher gas tax discouraged oil consumption , the price of oil would fall in world markets .
As a result , the price of gas to consumers would rise by less than the increase in the tax .
Some of the tax would in effect be paid by Saudi Arabia and Venezuela .
Economic growth .
Public finance experts have long preached that consumption taxes are better than income taxes for long - run economic growth , because income taxes discourage saving and investment .
Gas is a component of consumption .
An increased reliance on gas taxes over income taxes would make the tax code more favorable to growth .
It would also encourage firms to devote more R&D spending to the search for gasoline substitutes .
National security .
Alan Greenspan called for higher gas taxes recently .
" It 's a national security issue , " he said .
It is hard to judge how much high oil consumption drives U.S. involvement in Middle Eastern politics .
But Mr. Greenspan may well be right that the gas tax is an economic policy with positive spillovers to foreign affairs .
Is it conceivable that the policy wonks will ever win the battle with the campaign consultants ?
I think it is .
Even after a $ 1 hike , the U.S. gas tax would still be less than half the level in , say , Great Britain , which last I checked is still a democracy .
But do n't expect those vying for office to come around until the American people recognize that while higher gas taxes are unattractive , the alternatives are even worse .
Update : Here and here
" It was crazy , " [ Leahy ] said during an interview broadcast Wednesday on National Public Radio .
" After 200 years of habeas corpus , we threw it out after just a few hours of debate . "
He has also voiced concern that the bill allows the White House to determine what kinds of coercive interrogation procedures are off - limits .
If Leahy does manage to pass a bill restoring habeas corpus , Dear Leader will certainly strike it down .
Meaning that the restoration of habeas corpus will have to wait until the courts deem the measure unconstitutional or until a Democrat is in the White House .
As for the " terrorist surveillance program , " the fight is n't over .
Leahy said to the Associated Press :
" We have been asked to make sweeping and fundamental changes in law for reasons that we do not know and in order to legalize secret , unlawful actions that the administration has refused to fully divulge ....
If legislation is needed for judicial review , then we should write that legislation together , in a bipartisan and thoughtful way . " ...
The Bush administration has a backup plan .
In speeches over the next few weeks , the Justice Department will launch a new campaign for the legislation by casting the choice as one between supporting the program or dropping it altogether -- and appeaing soft on al - Qaida .
Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez will make the eavesdropping program the focus of a Nov. 18 speech at the U.S. Air Force Academy .
Kenneth L. Wainstein , assistant attorney general for the national security [ sic ] , will make a similar pitch Wednesday to the American Bar Association .
But the Bush administration is not so keen on working together when it comes to national security matters , particularly regarding the president 's warrantless wiretapping program :
So much for the bipartisan love - fest .
Back to your regularly - scheduled Terra ! Terra ! Terra ! rheotoric .
Wainstein wo n't exactly be speaking to an enthusiastic group of supporters .
Back in February , the ABA spoke out against the president 's surveillance program , as currently constituted :
Resolved , that the American Bar Association calls upon the President to abide by the limitations which the Constitution imposes on a president under our system of checks and balances and respect the essential roles of the Congress and the judicial branch in enduring that our national security is protected in a manner consistent with constitutional guarantees .
Further resolved , that the American Bar Association opposes any future electronic surveillance insider the United States by any U.S. government agency for foreign intelligence purposes that does not comply with the provisions of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , ... and urges the President , if he believes that FISA is inadequate to safeguard national security , to seek appropriate amendments or new legislation rather than acting without explicit statutory authorization .
Thankfully , a rubber stamp of the program by the lame duck Congress is n't going to happen ... but you can't blame them for trying .
While Democrats may seek to pass legislation restraining the president 's warrantless wiretapping program , it will be met with a quick veto .
The likelihood of a compromise being unlikely , Congress ' oversight function gains importance under such contrained circumstances .
But with arguments of executive privilege and national security sensitivity , it may be the Intelligence Committees alone who are able to investigate the program fully ... and even then there 's no assurance that full disclosure will be granted .
Meaning that the courts , as is the case with the Military Commisssions
Act , will likely play a more important role in the fate of these two controversial issues .
Last week I ran across an article about a gorgeous cheerleader for the Houston Texans who also happens to be an aerospace engineer for NASA ( link ) .
Of course the story got me wondering about other , more famous women with interesting academic pedigree or intellectual pursuits ; because , as we all know , there really is nothing sexier than a beautiful woman with some serious smarts .
I knew that if I could figure out who those women were , I might just be able to come up with a list of ladies more impressive than the annual popularity polls published by magazines like People and Maxim .
Now before I get started , a couple of caveats .
First , this is not a list of geeks who happen to be beautiful .
There are a lot of those , and they 've been documented on other websites and publications .
No , this is a list of gorgeous celebrities , models and actresses who have also got some educational pedigree behind them ( because I 've got no objective measure for a celeb 's IQ , and their past scholarly accomplishments is all I 've got to work with ) .
Also , while there are plenty of actresses , for instance , who have studied performing arts at the undergraduate level , I 've tended to give greater weight to celebrities who have excelled in a different field from their chosen profession .
But enough with the formalities .
Here is my ode to the Beautiful and the Brainy .
Argue with me if you will , but these women are forever near and dear to my heart ... : Star Wars , Garden State , The Professional and a host of other great films . :
If she was hot enough for Darth Vader to go over to the darkside , she 's hot enough for me ( and do n't get me started on her sexy voice ! ) .
And of course , when you 're done go see Closer . : Finished high school with a 4.0 GPA .
Attended Harvard University where she completed a Bachelor 's degree in Psychology .
Also engaged in graduate studies at Hebrew University .
Speaks Hebrew , French and Japanese fluently .
Did you know Natalie also raps ?
link :
The grocery checkout stand - she was on the cover of just about every fashion magazine you can think of during the 1990s .
She made beauty marks cool ( even supermodels can have a ' blemish ' ) .
And young 'uns take note , she 's still gorgeous at 40 .
High school valedictorian ( 4.0 GPA ) , enrolled at Northwestern University to study chemical engineering on full academic scholarship .
Dropped out to pursue modeling full - time after a semester ( but she coulda finished !!! ) .
link .
The girl is pretty nice too ! :
Any of the dozens of Bollywood films she 's been in . :
She won the 1994 Miss World pageant .
Declared the most beautiful woman of all - time by numerous web polls , magazine articles and Julia Roberts . :
Was an A student at the prestigious Ruparel College in India ( part of the University of Mumbai ) .
Wanted to study medicine or zoology but ultimately ended up majoring in architecture .
She is fluent in several languages including Hindi , Marathi , English and Tamil ( her native tongue is Tulu ) .
link on Aishwarya Rai. : Movies like Click , Serendipity , Underworld , Van Helsing and Pearl Harbor . :
Almost made me turn to vampirism with her Underworld films .
Routinely places in FHM , Maxim and Stuff 's annual lists of hot women . : Attended Oxford University ( New College ) studying French and Russian literature for 3 years .
As a teenager she was a two - time winner of the W.H. Smith Young Writers ' competition for her short stories and poems .
Is also fluent in French , German and Russian .
link .
She knows how to make guys , um , tingle . : Magazine spreads from Playboy . :
One of the few to achieve both the Playboy Playmate of the Month ( October 1994 ) and Penthouse Pet of the Month ( June 2002 ) . : Skipped high school and attended college instead .
Graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor 's degree from West Chester University ( Pennsylvania ) at age 18 .
Obtained a JD law degree in 1997 as well as a Ph.D. in psychology from Villanova Law School and Drexel University .
She most recently completed post - doctorate work in sex therapy at the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School . :
The Karate Kid , Adventures in Babysitting , Cocktail , Leaving Las Vegas and Hollow Man. :
Sure some girls are bad , but Elisabeth 's always been the nice girl next door . : Attended Wellesley College and Harvard University .
She left Harvard to focus on acting in the mid 80s , but returned 15 years later to complete her degree in Government ( that 's some nice perseverance ) . : Elisabeth doing her link from Babysitting ... : Movies like GoldenEye ( villaness ) , X - Men ( Jean Grey ) . : Crushed men to death with her thighs in the Bond film , Goldeneye .
Be still my beating heart ! : Attended Columbia University to study literature and writing .
Later attended the University of Amsterdam to study Economics . :
If you were link ...:
If you 're using the internet , you probably do n't know her .
Ask your grandparents . :
Film star of the 30s and 40s frequently cast as a seductress invariably because of her good looks rather than her acting skills . :
While her formal educational credentials are not well documented , Hedy Lamarr 's biggest claim to fame outside of acting is her joint patent with composer George Antheil for an early version of spread spectrum communication technology ( U.S. patent # 2,292,387 ) - a concept that was later incorporated into wireless telephones and internet wifi . : Television 's Talk Soup , Friends , Ghost Whisperer and 24 . :
Not only is she tall and beautiful , but she 's also got a serious sense of humor having pursued a standup career . : Earned a Bachelor 's degree from Dartmouth in Government with a minor in Environmental Policy .
Fluent in French Russian and Swahili .
She 's also a serious poker player ( big points in my book ) . : Movies like Career Opportunities , The Rocketeer , Inventing the Abbotts , Requiem for a Dream , A Beautiful Mind , Blood Diamond . :
It 's all in her eyes ( um... well and maybe a few other parts of her body ) : Attended Yale for 2 years ( English ) then transferred to Stanford to complete her Bachelor 's degree .
Is fluent in French and Italian . :
Nobody else has made link
MethodFinder for Ruby ( May 2006 )
What ’s a MethodFinder
I use lots of different programming languages , and they all seem to have different names for the same concepts .
For example , string concatenation is “ + ” in ruby and java , “ . ” in perl , “ , ” in smalltalk and “ ^ ” in ocaml .
After a while , this starts to drive you mad .
I know that I want a method which takes “ foo ” and “ bar ” and returns “ foobar ” but I ca n’t remember which incantation I need to utter today .
Squeak has this neat thing called the MethodFinder ( written by Ted Kaehler ) .
It lets you find methods by providing an example .
If you ’ve got the string “ foo ” , you can ask the Method Finder to find all the method that , when called with argument “ bar ” return “ foobar ” .
This is a very useful tool .
No more scrabbling around with documentation to find the name of a method which you know exists .
Stay in the red - pill world , and ask the code .
Now , ruby is basically smalltalk ( without lots of the k3wl bits ) .
So we can easily build a method finder in ruby too !
Show me the code !
Here it is .
The first bit is a little gnarly ; it works around the fact that FixNums etc are weirdly uncloneable in ruby .
class Object #
Clone fails on numbers , but they 're immutable anyway def megaClone begin self .
clone ; rescue ; self ; end end end class MethodFinder #
Find all methods on [ anObject ] which , when called with [ args ] return [ expected Result ] def self .
find ( anObject , expectedResult , * args ) anObject.methods.select { |name| anObject.method ( name ) .arity == args.size }. select { |name| begin anObject.megaClone.method ( name ) .call ( * args ) == expectedResult ; rescue ; end } end # Pretty - prints the results of the previous method def self .
show ( anObject , expectedResult , * args ) find ( anObject , expectedResult , *args ) .each { |name| print " #{anObject.inspect}.#{name} " print " ( " + args.map { |o| o.inspect }.join ( " , " ) + " ) " unless args.empty ?
puts " == # {expectedResult.inspect} " } end end
How to use it
You can paste these example into the end of the above code , or run “ irb - r method_finder ” and run them interactively
# Look for string length method ; ie .
something which returns 5 when called on " hello " MethodFinder.show ( " hello " , 5 ) # Look for string concatenation MethodFinder .
show ( " foo " , " foobar " , " bar " ) # Look for floor function MethodFinder.show ( 3.14159 , 3 )
These examples give the following output
" hello " . length == 5 " hello " . size == 5 " foo " . << ( " bar " ) == " foobar " " foo " .+( " bar " ) == " foobar " " foo " .concat ( " bar " ) == " foobar " 3.14159.truncate == 3 3.14159.to_i == 3 3.14159.prec_i == 3 3.14159.floor == 3 3.14159.to_int == 3 3.14159.round == 3
Conclusion
Ruby rocks .
Smalltalk rocks even more .
If you ’re going be dynamic , go all the way . :-)
Gnarly things :
You ca n’t clone Fixnums .
I ca n’t find a way to suppress the deprecated warnings .
Ruby has weird handling of blocks compared with smalltalk ; they ’re passed as implicit args and accessed via yield .
In Smalltalk , blocks are passed like any other argument .
The internet rocks .
Within an hour of posting this , I found that someone has already picked it up and improved it .
I also got an email pointing me towards even more improvements to MethodFinder ; support for blocks / varargs , suppress output etc .
Very nice .
Please let me know if you enjoyed this article .
My blog is where most of my computer - related ideas go .
Relationship experts report that too many couples fail to ask each other critical questions before marrying .
Here are a few key ones that couples should consider asking :
1 ) Have we discussed whether or not to have children , and if the answer is yes , who is going to be the primary care giver ?
2 ) Do we have a clear idea of each other ’s financial obligations and goals , and do our ideas about spending and saving mesh ?
3 ) Have we discussed our expectations for how the household will be maintained , and are we in agreement on who will manage the chores ?
4 ) Have we fully disclosed our health histories , both physical and mental ?
5 ) Is my partner affectionate to the degree that I expect ?
… what the hell is an Aluminum Falcon ? ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
RADICALISM AND THE BLOGOSPHERE ….
We have two interesting entries in the Chait / Kos / Atrios war tonight .
First , Jon Chait backs off his contention that lefty blogs “ refuse to tolerate any ideological dissent , ” but then tries to salvage his original critique by saying that the blogosphere ’s hard - edged worldview “ is suggestive of a tendency to move in more radical directions over time . ”
This is pretty weak brew , no ?
The rest of his post hits a little closer to home , I think , but I ’ll leave that for another time .
Sticking with the ideological front for now , Atrios weighs in with a short list of stuff that he thinks most lefty bloggers agree on .
Since I know most of you guys wo n’t click through to read it even if I ask really nicely , here ’s the whole list ( the serious part , anyway ) :
Undo the bankruptcy bill enacted by this administration
Repeal the estate tax repeal
Increase the minimum wage and index it to the CPI
Universal health care ( obviously the devil is in the details on this one )
Increase CAFE standards .
Some other environment - related regulation
Pro-reproductive rights , getting rid of abstinence - only education , improving education about and access to contraception including the morning after pill , and supporting choice .
On the last one there ’s probably some disagreement around the edges ( parental notification , for example ) , but otherwise .
Simplify and increase the progressivity of the tax code
Kill faith - based funding .
Certainly kill federal funding of anything that engages in religious discrimination .
Reduce corporate giveaways
Have Medicare run the Medicare drug plan
Force companies to stop underfunding their pensions .
Change corporate bankruptcy law to put workers and retirees at the head of the line with respect to their pensions .
Leave the states alone on issues like medical marijuana .
Generally move towards “ more decriminalization ” of drugs , though the details complicated there too .
Paper ballots
Improve access to daycare and other pro-family policies .
Obiously details matter .
Raise the cap on wages covered by FICA taxes .
Marriage rights for all , which includes “ gay marriage ” and quicker transition to citizenship for the foreign spouses of citizens .
This list is n’t meant to be exhaustive , and Atrios does n’t pretend that every single lefty blogger in the world agrees with all of this .
And it ’s solely domestic stuff .
But if there ’s any radicalism here , or even a tendency to drift in that direction , I sure do n’t see it .
As I said yesterday , it ’s only modestly to the left of the DLC ? and maybe not even that .
I ’m not an expert on the DLC ’s positions on everything , but it does n’t look to me like there ’s an awful lot there they ’d argue with .
( Though if anyone from the DLC wants to set me straight on this , I ’ll stand corrected .
And there are some contentious issues , like free trade , that do n’t show up on Atrios ’s list . )
So what ’s left ?
Iraq , of course , the motherlode of disagreement between the netroots and the vast TNR / DLC / mainstream Dem axis .
And on that , I have no idea how to square the circle .
I do n’t think anyone else does either .
UPDATE : The DLC responds here .
Table 6 . Occupations with the most job growth , 2014 - 24 ( Numbers in thousands )
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | Employment | Change , 2014 - 24 | | Occupation
|--------------------------------------------|
Median annual| Typical education needed for entry | 2014 | 2024 | Number | Percent | wage , 2014 | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total , all occupations | 150,539.9 | 160,328.8 | 9,788.9 | 6.5 | $ 35,540 | — Personal care aides | 1,768.4 | 2,226.5 | 458.1 | 25.9 | 20,440 |
No formal educational credential Registered nurses | 2,751.0 | 3,190.3 | 439.3 | 16.0 | 66,640 | Bachelor 's degree Home health aides | 913.5 | 1,261.9 | 348.4 | 38.1 | 21,380 |
No formal educational credential Combined food preparation and serving workers , | | | | | | including fast food | 3,159.7 | 3,503.2 | 343.5 | 10.9 | 18,410 | No formal educational credential Retail salespersons | 4,624.9 | 4,939.1 | 314.2 | 6.8 | 21,390 | No formal educational credential Nursing assistants | 1,492.1 | 1,754.1 | 262.0 | 17.6 | 25,100 | Postsecondary nondegree award Customer service representatives | 2,581.8 | 2,834.8 | 252.9 | 9.8 | 31,200 | High school diploma or equivalent Cooks , restaurant | 1,109.7 | 1,268.7 | 158.9 | 14.3 | 22,490 |
No formal educational credential General and operations managers | 2,124.1 | 2,275.2 | 151.1 | 7.1 | 97,270 | Bachelor 's degree Construction laborers | 1,159.1 | 1,306.5 | 147.4 | 12.7 | 31,090 |
No formal educational credential Accountants and auditors | 1,332.7 | 1,475.1 | 142.4 | 10.7 | 65,940 | Bachelor 's degree Medical assistants | 591.3 | 730.2 | 138.9 | 23.5 | 29,960 | Postsecondary nondegree award Janitors and cleaners , except maids and | | | | | | housekeeping cleaners | 2,360.6 | 2,496.9 | 136.3 | 5.8 | 22,840 |
No formal educational credential Software developers , applications | 718.4 | 853.7 | 135.3 | 18.8 | 95,510 | Bachelor 's degree Laborers and freight , stock , and material movers , | | | | | | hand | 2,441.3 | 2,566.4 | 125.1 | 5.1 | 24,430 | No formal educational credential
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Source : U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Politicians say parliament should be protected
Judges led by the chief justice closed a loophole that has kept some laws from their scrutiny in a part of the constitution called the Ninth Schedule .
The Ninth Schedule was created in 1951 to help protect progressive laws on land reform and ending feudalism , but critics say it has since been misused .
Only laws passed after April 1973 could be challenged , the Supreme Court said .
Laws placed in the Ninth Schedule would not enjoy full immunity
Chief Justice YK Sabharwal
Chief Justice YK Sabharwal said : " If laws put in the Ninth Schedule abridge or abrogate fundamental rights resulting into violation of the basic structure of the constitution , such laws need to be invalidated . "
Far - reaching implications
When it was first created , the Ninth Schedule had 13 laws ; now it has 284 .
Many say governments have misused this provision to push through laws which only serve their interest .
Nine judges led by outgoing Chief Justice YK Sabharwal ruled that laws placed in the Ninth Schedule since April 1973 should not have blanket immunity from legal scrutiny .
Analysts say the verdict is expected to have far - reaching implications on various issues .
Controversial caste quotas for government jobs and schools are among hitherto protected acts which can now be challenged in court .
In the recent past , the judiciary and parliament have been at loggerheads over whether the courts have the right to overturn laws passed by parliament .
In several recent judgements , the Supreme Court has overturned government decisions on the grounds that they were against the constitution .
Accountability
Politicians say laws passed by parliament should be protected from judicial review since MPs are people 's elected representatives .
But nearly a quarter of Indian parliamentarians are facing criminal charges and many welcome judicial activism which , they say , calls for some sort of accountability from the legislators .
They say Thursday 's judgement is another example of judges holding India 's political system to account .
Ssome critics , however , say Thursday 's ruling is an example of one arm of Indian democracy trying to establish its supremacy over another .
In recent months , India 's Supreme Court has challenged a number of government decisions , saying they are unconstitutional .
Earlier this month , the court ruled that affirmative action quotas for disadvantaged groups should be capped at 50 % and that prosperous members of these groups should be excluded from benefiting .
And the court has also made a number of rulings which have struck down moves by the government to protect illegal businesses and ordered that their premises be demolished .
[ Phew .
Finished torts reading for the night , so one last quick thought . ]
Almost two years ago to the day , I wrote :
In my humble opinion , OOo should to take a page from the mozilla folks - take a release cycle ( or more ) and focus exclusively on improving performance and usability .
No new features .
Even remove features if necessary .
This is what firefox has done over mozilla , and that ’s done wonders for firefox , both in user uptake and hacker uptake .
They ’ve gone from dozens of paid hackers to something like ten , and despite that , because of the new focus , still increased market share and hacker interest .
If open office focused on those problems for a year , licked the startup time problem , and made ( say ) preferences less grotesque , I think they ’d see a radical improvement in uptake and involvement .
Frankly , people are excited about switching from IE to firefox , as far as I can see - it offers something fairly light , quick , and new features virtually every user will use and like .
No one except people who loathe Microsoft are excited to switch to open office , and they wo n’t be until the speed and usability issues with open office are addressed .
Sadly , I see no evidence that OOo is focused on these problems - if OOo wants to be competitive and relevant , if it wants to excite people , those must be job # 1 for the OOo team .
Basically every word in there is still true .
Startup time is still terrible ; the preferences panel is still brutal ; focus is still on feature parity .
They are still not focusing on what made firefox such a quantum leap over mozilla , as I discussed two years ago .
This is not to say that OOo has ignored ffox .
The have apparently looked at the firefox example and decided that what they need is … plugins .
Now , plugins are pretty good for users - they allow people to customize and add features without increasing substantial complexity or QA burden for core developers , or difficulty in configuration for non-power users .
They are also a useful feature for a piece of software from a competitive viewpoint , in that they create a powerful network effect .
( The only times I ever think twice about using firefox these days is when someone points me at a greasemonkey plugin . )
So plugins are n’t bad , by any stretch of the imagination .
But plugins do not solve core problems in your product - not when those problems are lack of stability , lack of performance , lack of ease of use , lack of Killer Feature that your competition lacks .
That OOo is spending time adding a plugin infrastructure - which addresses none of those problems ( except hypothetically the killer feature problem , someday , if you get lucky ) - shows that again they still are n’t getting it .
They still have not learned the right lessons from firefox .
So c’mon , guys … where is my gnomeoffice powerpoint replacement ? :)
NED LEVI watched in amazement as a passenger grunted down the aisle with five bags on a recent flight from Philadelphia to Seattle .
" I was surprised she could even walk , " said Mr. Levi , a computer consultant from Philadelphia .
" I was even more surprised that the flight attendants did n't try to stop her . "
His remedy for the endless boarding delays that plague airlines these days : enforce luggage limits .
Sounds reasonable , but United Airlines says it believes it has hit on a better solution .
It recently announced a logistics ploy it calls Wilma -- shorthand for window - middle - aisle -- that it claims will cut boarding times by four to five minutes , an eternity in the industry 's on - time takeoff sweepstakes .
The idea is to fill the window seats in economy class first , then the middle seats , then the aisle seats , thereby eliminating the free - for - all chaos that clogs the cabin when passengers are sent in by row numbers .
Not to pick on United , because it is , after all , flying under bankruptcy protection and Wilma could save it millions a year .
But has n't this already been tried ?
Yes , it has .
The now - defunct Shuttle by United tried it a decade ago , according to Michael J. Boyd , an airline consultant for the Boyd Group in Evergreen , Colo .
Back then , he called it the product of " a deranged M.B.A . "
He feels the same way today .
" It 's not going to change anything , " he said .
" These initiatives sound good , until it becomes clear that you are boarding humans , and not cattle .
The cattle will line up and get into a pen .
People wo n't . "
Major General Zhu Chenghu was only expressing " personal views " , Beijing officials said .
A foreign ministry spokesman said Beijing was committed to its policy of peaceful re-unification with Taiwan .
A US state department spokesman has described Gen Zhu 's remarks as " unfortunate " and " irresponsible " .
China regards Taiwan as a renegade province .
One - China commitment
The Chinese general , who is not directly involved in China 's military strategy , made his remarks to foreign reporters on Friday .
" If the Americans draw their missiles and position - guided ammunition onto the target zone on China 's territory , I think we will have to respond with nuclear weapons , " Maj Gen Zhu told an official briefing for foreign reporters .
We firmly believe it is in the interests of both China and the United States ... to oppose the ' Taiwan independence '
Chinese foreign ministry
The general said his comments were " my assessment , not the policy of the government " .
He said he was confident the US and China would not go to war .
The US is currently Taiwan 's biggest arms supplier and has indicated it would defend the island in the event of a Chinese invasion .
Gen Zhu's remarks come at a time when many US politicians are already concerned about China 's military build - up .
State department spokesman Sean McCormack said he hoped they did not reflect Chinese official policy .
On Saturday , the Chinese foreign ministry said : " We will firmly abide by the principles of peaceful re-unification and one country two systems and we will express the deepest sincerity and exert the greatest efforts to realise peaceful reunification .
The US is Taiwan 's biggest arms supplier
" We will never tolerate the ' Taiwan independence ' , " the spokesman said .
He said China appreciated the US government 's repeated commitments to the one - China policy .
" We hope the United States will fulfil its commitments with concrete actions and join efforts with China to maintain the peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait , " he said .
The winning passage
I am Charlotte Simmons by Tom Wolfe ( Jonathan Cape )
Hoyt began moving his lips as if he were trying to suck the ice cream off the top of a cone without using his teeth .
She tried to make her lips move in sync with his .
The next thing she knew , Hoyt had put his hand sort of under her thigh and hoisted her leg up over his thigh .
What was she to do ?
Was this the point she should say , " Stop ! " ?
No , she should n't put it that way .
It would be much cooler to say , " No , Hoyt , " in an even voice , the way you would talk to a dog that insists on begging at the table .
Slither slither slither slither went the tongue , but the hand that was what she tried to concentrate on , the hand , since it has the entire terrain of her torso to explore and not just the otorhinolaryngological caverns - oh God , it was not just at the border where the flesh of the breast joins the pectoral sheath of the chest - no , the hand was cupping her entire right - Now !
She must say " No , Hoyt " and talk to him like a dog . . .
. . . the fingers went under the elastic of the panties moan moan moan moan moan went Hoyt as he slithered slithered slithered slithered and caress caress caress caress went the fingers until they must be only eighths of inches from the border of her public hair - what 's that !
-
Her panties were so wet down .
. . there - the fingers had definitely reached the outer stand of the field of pubic hair and would soon plunge into the wet mess that was waiting right .
. . there - there -
( p368-9 )
The rest of the longlist
Before I Forget by André Brink ( Secker & Warburg )
. . . the most tousled , tangled pubic patch through which I have ever had to find my way .
A near impenetrable little forest , a small private Amazon to get lost in .
But when one finally got down to the river , slipping and sliding through reeds and weeds and rushes and undergrowth , one could slither through the mud and dive in , wholly immerse oneself , stay down for an impossibly long time , nearly drowning , before coming up again , panting and heaving .
. .
( p140 )
. . . the mound of her sex . . . was disproportionately - but beautifully - high and rounded , overgrown with a luxuriant mop of long black pubic hair , not crinkly at all , but soft and feathery ; and the vulva itself ... was of unusual plumpness , almost spherical , like a large exotic mushroom in the fork of a tree , a little pleasure dome if ever I 've seen one , where Alph the sacred river ran down to a tideless sea .
No , not tideless .
Her tides were convulsive , an ebb and flow that could take you very far , far back , before hurling you out , wildly and triumphantly , on a ribbed and windswept beach without end
( pp202-3 )
" . . .
I would plunge into her from above like a diver in search of abalone . "
( p171 -2 )
Snobs by Julian Fellowes ( Weidenfeld & Nicolson )
Still without a word he turned back to her , the same furious intensity in his face , and , avoiding direct eye contact , he started to kiss her while he planted his right hand against her vagina .
Once it was in place , he began to massage her with a kind of dry pumping action , which reminded her of someone blowing up a lilo .
She groaned a bit by way of encouragement .
He did n't seem to need more as suddenly he heaved himself over between her legs , fumbled himself into her , thrust away a few times - no more than six at the outside - and then , with a terrific gasp to tell her that it was now ( which she countered with some cries and pants of her own ) , he collapsed on top of her .
The whole business , from the moment he folded the paper , had taken perhaps eight minutes .
Ah , thought Edith .
" Thank you , darling . "
One of Charles 's more irritating habits was always to thank Edith after sex , as if she had just brought him a cup of tea .
Of course , at this point , she did not know it was habitual .
The Last Song of Dusk by Siddharth Dhanvant Shangvi ( Weidenfeld & Nicolson )
Was it on the bed that she sat on him , her weasel - like loins clutching and unclutching his lovely , long , louche manhood , as though squeezing an orange for its juice ?
Or was it on the balcony swing , much later , that he buried his thirsty tongue in those thick pink lips between her legs ?
She loved most the lusciousness of his buttocks , their dimpled circumference , as though God had created them only so she might pull him farther into herself and then muffle her rapturous pleasure as she had , only a few hours back , muffled her anguish .
... they had exhausted all the wild beasts lurking in the forests of their flesh .
. .
( p35 )
Cherry by Matt Thorne ( Weidenfeld & Nicolson )
I still had the brush .
I gripped it tightly , even as Cherry embraced me .
She was on all fours , with me lying beneath her .
I let her hold me , then moved the brush to my crotch , pointing it upwards .
I was n't sure what I was doing .
The kiss had changed the temperature of the moment , altering our interaction from erotic fantasy to sexual intimacy .
. . .
It was true that in my years without a woman my fantasies had frequently been shaped by material created out of empty anger and pain , and it was an attempt to legitimise ( in the sense of seeking a female response to ) this form of frustrated lust that I acted now , bringing my hips up so the tip of the brush handle pressed against Cherry 's labia .
( p88 )
Shantaram by Gregory David Roberts ( Little , Brown )
I held Karla as if holding her could heal me , and we did n't make love until night lit the last star in our wide window of sky .
Her hands were kisses on my skin .
My lips unrolled the curled leaf of her heart .
She breathed in murmurs , guiding me , and I spoke rhythm to her , echoing my needs .
Heat joined us , and we enclosed ourselves with touch and taste and perfumed sounds .
Reflected on the glass , we were silhouettes , transparent images - mine full of fire from the beach , and hers full of stars .
And at last , at the end , those clear reflections of our selves melted , merged , and fused together .
( p658 )
I pressed my lips against the sky , and licked the stars into my mouth .
She took my body into hers , and every movement was an incantation .
Our breathing was like the whole world chanting prayers .
Sweat ran in rivulets to ravines of pleasure .
Every moment was a satin skin cascade .
Within the velvet cloaks of tenderness , our backs convulsed in quivering heat , pushing heat , pushing muscles to complete what minds begin and bodies always win .
I was hers .
She was mine .
My body was her chariot , and she drove it into the sun .
Her body was my river , and I became the sea .
And the wailing moan that drove our lips together , at the end , was the world of hope and sorrow that ecstasy wrings from lovers as it floods their souls with bliss .
( p400 )
Maps for Lost Lovers by Nadeem Aslam ( Faber & Faber )
At the tip of his penis , the dot of starlit ache - which had to be kept in place and referred to periodically to maintain the erection , but was never to be dwelt on because then it would spread and lead to climax - was growing larger .
His mouth looked for the oiled berry .
Her taste came and went tidally salt and sour in his mouth , as eloquent as weather .
When he fell through the sensation and opened his eyes he was surprised to find her there .
And he could not hold her close enough .
The smell of his armpits was on her shoulders - a flower depositing pollen on a hummingbird 's forehead .
They detonated the remains of each other 's orgasms with fingers and tongues , areas of their bodies sticking together with sweat that was like the weak glue that holds segments of an orange together .
( p127 )
The Food of Love by Anthony Capella ( Timewarner )
She felt strange and wild .
Her body was just a collection of organs .
She was blood and plumbing , like any other creature , and there was nothing that was forbidden about any of it .
She gnawed on Tomasso ravenously , like an animal plundering a carcass , and when she had had enough of that she swung her leg over him , like a rider swinging into a saddle , and galloped .
She was riding naked on a big horse , among a pack of hunting wolves , at night .
The flanks of the horse were slippery with foam .
She could sense something in the distance , some small animal which was desperately trying to escape the pack , but they were getting closer to it every second .
The wolves could sense it , too , and increased their pace .
She galloped faster , urging her mount on with little cries and squeezes of her thighs .
Closer and closer they got to their quarry .
Now there was a jump ahead , a vast wall rushing towards her , but it was too late to stop .
She dug her nails in hard and held on for dear life .
As she finally took off into the air , she arched her back and shouted .
The animal was screaming , too , as the wolves finally caught it and tore it apart , ripping its soft pajate open with their sharp teeth , devouring the coratella and the bloody bright red heart .
( p99 )
Virgin in the Gym and other stories : Room Service by Wendy Perriam ( Robert Hale )
The startled bed was rocking as he made her come with just his mouth : bristly chin , velvet lips .
" Yes , more ! " she cried as his tongue probed and thrust .
" It 's wonderful !
It 's wonderful ! "
He had peeled her like a kiwi fruit and she was all glistening - moist and sensitive as his unstinting tongue went deeper .
Nothing existed in her universe save the long slow stroke of that tongue , opening her wider and wider until the whole of him seemed to slip inside her and explore her body from the inside out .
He was licking a lazy pathway from her womb to her lungs to her heart , and their bloodstreams were converging into one reckless scarlet pulse .
There were no boundaries between them now : he was seeing through her eyes , swallowing with her throat , digesting with her juices .
And all the Pierres that had ever been - the child Pierre , the boy Pierre , the student , poet , painter Pierre , the tender , violent , wild Pierre - were fused with her and part of her , part of her seethe and squall .
" Yes , Pierre , I 'm coming ! " she shouted , winding her fingers tighter into his hair .
( p56 )
Dr Mukti and other tales of woe : ' Dr Mukti ' by Will Self ( Bloomsbury )
Whimpering and grinding his teeth , Shiva swung open the gate and entered another of the fields on his funny farm .
He herded the cow into the hoof - cratered corner by the water trough , then slipped his trousers off so he could mount her .
His first wife Sandra bucked and mooed beneath him .
Despite the tumult of upheaving flesh Shiva still noticed - with lofty , Brahminical pity - the sprinkling of livid spots on the inside of her anal cleft .
Sandra 's conical fingers , which resembled jeweller 's ring trees , dug into an earthen bolster , and her high - pitched bellows rent the rapidly compressing atmosphere .
( p100 )
Young Turk by Moris Farhi ( Saqi Books )
. . .
I am stretched out on a sofa .
My beloved is determined to assess my age .
She has an infallible method for doing so : the way they ascertain a tree 's age : by counting the rings in its trunk .
Consequently , she has my member in her mouth .
Her lips are thick with lipstick .
Starting from the base of my penis , her mouth ambles upwards .
At each half - centimetre , her lips imprint a red ring around the shaft .
She continues until she runs out of length .
She counts the rings .
On this occasion they add up to thirty - six .
( An hour ago , the number had been forty - one . )
She cuddles up to me .
She coos .
" Thirty - odd rings .
What a mature oak in one so young ! "
We embrace .
She smears her breasts and vagina with rose - petal jam .
She squats above my face so that I can imbibe her splendour .
She lowers herself on to my mouth and lets me lap up every bit of the rose - petal jam .
Then she mounts me and , as she begins to rock , she rubs her breasts all over my face .
I am in such ecstasy that I am ready to die .
In fact , I want to die , because I know I shall never again find this heaven , the Seventh Heaven .
( p262 )
US officials in Baghdad and Washington are expected to unveil a secret intelligence " dossier " this week detailing evidence of Iran 's alleged complicity in attacks on American troops in Iraq .
The move , uncomfortably echoing Downing Street 's dossier debacle in the run-up to the 2003 Iraq invasion , is one more sign that the Bush administration is building a case for war .
Nicholas Burns , the senior US diplomat in charge of Iran policy , says Washington " is not looking for a fight " with Tehran .
The official line is that Washington has made a conscious decision to " push back " against Iran on a range of fronts where the two countries ' interests clash .
Primarily that means Tehran 's perceived meddling in Iraq , where its influence with the Shia - led government and Shia majority population appears to be increasing as Washington 's weakens .
State department spokesman Sean McCormack claimed this week the administration has a body of evidence implicating Iran in sectarian attacks against Iraq 's Sunni minority .
" There is a high degree of confidence in the information that we already have and we are constantly accumulating more , " he told the New York Times .
CIA and Pentagon officials are also touting intelligence that " Iranians are smuggling into Iraq sophisticated explosive devices , mortars , and detailed plans to wipe out Sunni Arab neighbourhoods , " the paper said .
Officials would make a " comprehensive case " this week .
But President George Bush has already acted on information received .
He confirmed yesterday that he has ordered US forces in effect to kill or capture Iranian " agents " targeting Americans in Iraq - as happened earlier this month when five Iranian officials were detained in Irbil .
Hassan Kazemi Qumi , Iran 's ambassador to Iraq , ridiculed " sectarian maps " and evidence the US military said it had obtained during a raid on a Shia compound in Baghdad .
He repeated Tehran 's contention that Iranians were in Iraq to help with " security problems " .
Barham Saleh , Iraq 's deputy prime minister , complains that the US and Iran are turning his country into a " zone of conflict and competition " and suggests they take their fight elsewhere .
But as was also the case in the days before Saddam Hussein fell , powerful external forces , ranging from exiled Iranian opposition groups to leading Israeli politicians , appear intent on stoking the fire - and winding up the White House .
" The al - Quds Force of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guards is stepping up terrorism and encouraging sectarian violence in Iraq , " Alireza Jafarzadeh , a US - based Iranian dissident who has been linked to the Mujahedin - e - Khalq ( MeK ) resistance group , told the Washington Times this month .
Mr Jafarzadeh is credited with revealing the existence of Iran 's secret nuclear sites in Natanz and Arak in 2002 .
" There is a sharp surge in Iran 's sponsorship of terrorism and sectarian violence in the past few months , " Mr Jafarzadeh told a conference organised by the Iran Policy Committee , a Washington lobby group pressing the state department to remove the MeK from its terrorist list .
Israel is also pushing the intelligence case while upping the ante , claiming to have knowledge that Tehran is within a year or two of acquiring basic nuclear weapons - making capability .
In a BBC interview last week former prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu compared President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's regime to Hitler 's Nazis .
Speaking in Davos the deputy prime minister , Shimon Peres , demanded immediate regime change or failing that , military intervention .
The US " push back " against Iran comprises many other elements beyond Iraq .
Unconfirmed reports suggest Vice - President Dick Cheney has cut a deal with Saudi Arabia to keep oil production up even as prices fall , to undercut Iran 's main source of foreign currency .
Washington is pursuing expanding , non-UN global financial sanctions against Tehran ; encouraging and arming a " new alignment " of Sunni Arab Gulf states ; and highlighting Iran 's role in " supporting terrorism " in Palestine , where it helps bankroll the Hamas government , and Lebanon , where it backs Hizbullah .
The US is also deploying powerful naval forces in the Gulf that are of little help in Iraq but could more easily be used to mount air strikes on Iran .
Almost any one of these developments might produce a casus belli .
And when taken together , despite official protestations , they seem to point in only one direction .
The Bush administration , an American commentator suggested , is " once again spoiling for a fight " .
Nature Neuroscience - 10 , 1 ( 2007 )
Setting the record straight
EditorialNature Neuroscience - 10 , 1 ( 2007 )
The discovery of serious errors in two recent papers in the journal leads to lessons for authors , referees and editors .
. . .
The first correction involves a Brief Communication ( Makara et al. , 2005 ) reporting that inhibition of the enzyme that breaks down the endocannabinoid 2 - arachidonoylglycerol enhances retrograde signaling in the hippocampus .
The authors concluded that 2 - arachidonoylglycerol is important for synaptic plasticity and that the enzyme is a possible drug target , in part because one of the putative inhibitors tested appeared to be specific for the enzyme .
They subsequently discovered that
the commercial preparation of this drug was contaminated .
When the contaminant was eliminated , the effect disappeared .
The second correction is more complex .
The original article ( . . . The second correction is more complex .
The original article ( Grill - Spector et al. , 2006 ) reported high - resolution fMRI measurements in the fusiform face area ( FFA ) , a region of the visual cortex that responds more to faces than to other visual stimuli .
The authors drew two conclusions : that the FFA is heterogeneous , in that the degree of selectivity varies over the region , and — more remarkably — that the FFA contains some voxels that are highly selective for object categories other than faces .
After the paper was published , two groups wrote to point out flaws in the analysis .
One letter ( Simmons et al. , 2007 ) noted that
the authors used a formula for selectivity that erroneously assigns high selectivity values to voxels with negative responses to nonpreferred categories , causing a substantial overestimate in selectivity for all object categories .
Another group ( Another group ( Baker et al. , 2007 ) spotted a more subtle flaw :
the analysis used to demonstrate selectivity for particular categories did not distinguish between random variation and replicable effects reflecting neural tuning .
Random variation can cause some voxels to respond more to some categories than to others .
To demonstrate that such differences reflect neural selectivity requires an appropriate statistical analysis , for instance cross-validation across independent datasets .
The original paper seemed to report the results of such an analysis — that voxel selectivity was highly correlated between even and odd scans .
However , communication with the authors revealed that
this analysis had excluded voxels whose responses were negatively correlated across the two sets of scans , a detail that was omitted from the paper .
This restriction could falsely increase consistency across scans .
Indeed , when the authors redid their analysis without it ,
the selectivity for nonface objects was not replicated from one set of scans to the next .
僕の絵 は
見た人の心 を
萎えさせているんじゃないか… 絵描きとして
このままで は
まずい…！ ということ で
今回は、 いろんなもの を
萌え萌えにすることで いま流行り の
「 萌え絵 」 を
追求してみることにしました。 （text by ヨシダプロ ）
で、さっそ く
いま世間を萌えさせている
「 萌え絵 」につい て
研究してみようと思い 、
書店の萌え本コーナーにおいて
じ〜っ と
萌え本たちを観察してみました。 萌え〜〜。 ちなみに
その観察している様 を
ハタから見た ら
こんな感じです 。
あ、
これはまずいですね 。
でもそん な
「 萌え絵 」 を
さんざんリサーチしてみた結果、
「 萌え絵 」 を 「 萌え絵」たらしてめてい る
「 萌え絵 」の特徴 が
明らかになりました ！
それが
これらだ！！ ！
●目がデカい。 ●鼻がほぼ無い。 ●なんか平坦。 以上です 。
とりあえず素人の僕にとっては
そのように結論づけられらてしまったので、
とりあえず今回はこのテーゼにのっとり
萌え絵を追求していきたいと思います。
では
さっそく萌え絵を 、
というところですが 自分の絵を萌え絵に変えていくためにも
まず最初 は
自分のキャラの絵 を
萌え萌え に
萌え絵に変えてみたいと思います。
そこで今回その犠牲になってくれるのが
こちら の
自分のキャラ の
メガネ君です 。
「 よろしくおねがいいたします 」 ではこんなメガネ君 を
萌え萌 え
萌え絵に変えていきたいと思います！
「 まじかよ 」
まずは目からです。 ちなみにデフォルトで の
メガネ君の目がこち ら
いやぁ
なんと も
死んだ魚の目ですね 。
「 うるせぇよ 」 ではこの目 を
萌え萌えに描いてみたいと思います！
ではでは 目は より大きく より萌え〜な感じで …
よっし
できた〜 ！
とりえずこれが 、
メガネ君の目 を
萌え萌えにしたもの で
ございます！ どん！ おー 萌え〜 。
で、
さらに
両目を
萌え〜に描いてみましょう。
そして
それがこちらです ！
お〜 見事な萌え目ですね だいぶ萌えてきました 。
で、
ちなみにこのメガネ君というキャラ
メガネ君というだけに メガネをかけているので 、
今度は萌え萌え に
メガネをかけてあげましょう
そういや 「 萌え絵」って
かけられてるメガネが妙にデカいというケースが結構多いので、
どうせだか ら
メガネも萌え萌え に
デカめにしてみたいと思います。
ではそれ が
こちらです。 お〜 ますます萌えてきました 。
デカすぎな気もしますが。
で続きまして は
鼻
鼻は。
実物は妙なだんごっ鼻がありますが
萌え絵において は
鼻はほぼ 無い ので
ほぼ無い状態にして… で
さらに ほっぺ た
と
髪を描い て
いきまして … で、 できたー！ ！
ついにここに完成しました！ これがメガネ君 を
萌え萌えにし た
萌え絵バージョンです！ ではご覧くださいませ ！
こちらです！ どうぞ！ ！
どん！！ 萌え〜 !!! お〜
野暮ったかった 「 メガネ君 」 が
これはかな り
萌えキャラになったのではないでしょうか
すごいです ね
萌え絵ってやつは！！！
で、
さらにより萌えるために 萌えアニメっぽいタッチ で
カラー で
色をつけてみましたら… こんなことになりました！ それがこちらです ！
どん！ ！
激萌え〜 !!!!!!!!!!!!
「 … 」 ではそんな感じ で
すっかり萌え萌えになったわけでございますが、 おかげさまで
すっかり萌え絵にハマってしまったので、
そんなメガネ君だけでなく そのほかに も
世界のスターたち を
萌え萌えにしていっ て
しまいたいと思います！！！
★では、より萌えたいスターをクリックしてみてくださいませ！
ジダン カールおじさん ガリガリ君 マリオっぽい人 赤井さん つぎへ ＞
Nineteen Palestinian children have been killed in the past 10 days , making November already the
second deadliest month of the year for young people in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , UNICEF said Friday .
The UN children 's Fund said 17 have been killed in Gaza and two in the West Bank so far in November .
Only July - when 40 children were killed - was worse , the agency said .
Gaza Killings MK Tibi : Beit Hanoun broke my heart / Roee Nahmias United Arab List - Ta'al head MK Ahmad Tibi tours Beit Hanoun with MKs and hear testimonies from residents Full Story
" What children and adolescents have endured the past few days will likely have a long - lasting impact , " UNICEF spokesman Michael Bociurkiw said in Geneva .
" They have seen family members killed and their communities destroyed .
They have been confined to their homes , in many cases without access to food , water or electricity . "
Israeli artillery shells ripped through a residential neighborhood Wednesday in the northern Gaza town of Beit Hanoun , killing at least 18 people , including eight children .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said a " technical failure " meant the artillery hit the homes instead of an
orange grove , some 1,500 feet away , from which troops saw rockets fired seconds earlier .
Bociurkiw estimated that more than 300 children have been injured this month by Israeli attacks .
For the year , he said 116 Palestinian children have been killed , compared with only 52 last year .
Religion & Beliefs
Day 1 ( Sam Harris ) : Why Are Atheists So Angry ?
Earlier this year , Newsweek religion columnist Marc Gellman confessed that atheists had lately befuddled him : “ What I simply do not understand is why they are often so angry , ” Gellman lamented .
“ I just do n’t get it . ”
Why are atheists so angry ?
… Read More By Sam Harris / November 16 , 2006
Earlier this year , Newsweek religion columnist Marc Gellman confessed that atheists had lately befuddled him : “ What I simply do not understand is why they are often so angry , ” Gellman lamented .
“ I just do n’t get it . ”
Why are atheists so angry ?
Sam Harris and Dennis Prager inaugurate Jewcy ’s “ Big Question ” series by arguing this very question .
In the Big Question , passionate thinkers will debate the weightiest , most contentious issues of the day via e-mail .
Author of the thundering anti-theist polemics The End of Faith and Letter to a Christian Nation , Harris may just be the Thomas Paine of an emerging movement to wrench religion out of American life .
Prager is a nationally syndicated talk radio host who trumpets the virtues of the Judeo - Christian tradition .
For the next four days , each of them will send us one e-mail per day .
From : Sam Harris To : Dennis Prager Subject : Yahweh Belongs on the Scrapheap of Mythology
I ’d like to begin this exchange by making the observation that “ atheist ” is a term that should not even exist .
We do not , after all , have a name for a person who does not believe in Zeus or Thor .
In fact , we are all “ atheists ” with respect to Zeus and Thor and the thousands of other dead gods that now lie upon the scrapheap of mythology .
A politician who seriously invokes Poseidon in a campaign speech will have thereby announced the end of his political career .
Why is this so ?
Did someone around the time of Constantine discover that the pagan gods do not actually exist , while the biblical God does ?
Of course not .
There are thousands of gods that were once worshipped with absolute conviction by men and women like ourselves , and yet we all now agree that they are rightly dead .
An “ atheist ” is simply someone who thinks that the God of Abraham should be buried with the rest of these imaginary friends .
I am quite sure that we need only use words like “ reason , ” “ common sense , ” “ evidence , ” and “ intellectual honesty ” to do the job .
So many gods
have passed into oblivion , and yet the sky - god of Abraham demands fresh sacrifices .
Wars are still waged , crimes committed , and science undone out of deference to an invisible being who is believed to have created the entire cosmos , fine - tuned the constants of nature , blanketed the earth with 20,000 distinct species of grasshopper , and yet still remains so provincial a creature as to concern himself with what consenting adults do for pleasure in the privacy of their bedrooms .
Incompatible beliefs about this God long ago shattered our world into separate moral communities — Christians , Muslims , Jews , etc. — and these divisions remain a continuous source of human violence .
And yet , while the religious divisions in our world are self - evident , many people still imagine that religious conflict is always caused by a lack of education , by poverty , or by politics .
Yet the September 11th hijackers were college - educated , middle - class , and had no discernible experience of political oppression .
They did , however , spend a remarkable amount of time at their local mosques talking about the depravity of infidels and about the pleasures that await martyrs in Paradise .
How many more architects and mechanical engineers must hit the wall at 400 miles an hour before we admit to ourselves that jihadist violence is not merely a matter of education , poverty , or politics ?
The truth , astonishingly enough , is that in the year 2006 a person can have sufficient intellectual and material resources to build a nuclear bomb and still believe that he will get 72 virgins in Paradise .
Western secularists , liberals , and moderates have been very slow to understand this .
The cause of their confusion is simple :
They do n’t know what it is like to really believe in God .
The United States now stands alone in the developed world as a country that conducts its national discourse under the shadow of religious literalism .
Eighty - three percent of the U.S. population believes that Jesus literally rose from the dead ; 53 % believe that the universe is 6,000 years old .
This is embarrassing .
Add to this comedy of false certainties the fact that 44 % of Americans are confident that Jesus will return to Earth sometime in the next 50 years and you will glimpse the terrible liability of this sort of thinking .
Nearly half of the American population is eagerly anticipating the end of the world .
This dewy - eyed nihilism provides absolutely no incentive to build a sustainable civilization .
Many of these people are lunatics , but they are not the lunatic fringe .
Some of them can actually get Karl Rove on the phone whenever they want .
While Muslim extremists now fly planes into our buildings , saw the heads off journalists and aid - workers , and riot by the tens of thousands over cartoons , several recent polls reveal that atheists are now the most reviled minority in the United States .
A majority of Americans say they would refuse to vote for an atheist even if he were a “ well - qualified candidate ” from their own political party .
Atheism , therefore , is a perfect impediment to holding elected office in this country ( while being a woman , black , Muslim , Jewish , or gay is not ) .
Most Americans also say that of all the unsavory alternatives on offer , they would be least likely to allow their child to marry an atheist .
These declarations of prejudice might be enough to make some atheists angry .
But they are not what makes me angry .
As an atheist , I am angry that we live in a society in which the plain truth cannot be spoken without offending 90 % of the population .
The plain truth is this :
There is no good reason to believe in a personal God ; there is no good reason to believe that the Bible , the Koran , or any other book was dictated by an omniscient being ; we do not , in any important sense , get our morality from religion ; the Bible and the Koran are not , even remotely , the best sources of guidance we have for living in the 21st century ; and the belief in God and in the divine provenance of scripture is getting a lot of people killed unnecessarily .
Against these plain truths religious people have erected a grotesque edifice of myths , obfuscations , half - truths , and wishful thinking .
Perhaps you , Dennis , would now like to bring some of that edifice into view .
Next e-mail : Did the human genome project find God ?
N E X T
Do : Believe in God ?
Want to ask em some probing questions ?
Then get to work on our Amidah Improvement Campaign .
Go : Sam Harris ’s website .
The 33rd Annual National Convention of American Atheists .
Read : " The Atheist Evangelist , " the Washington Post ‘s recent profile of Sam Harris .
She added : “ The parents do n’t want them , the library does n’t want them , so they act out . ”
That leaves librarians doing a job they did not sign up for : baby - sitting for kids old enough to baby - sit .
The Maplewood library has created a gallery space for young people ’s artwork , put on an anime film festival and formed a Teen Advisory Group that attracted 30 youngsters for a recent pizza party .
But problems persisted .
In consultation with a lawyer , the library board came up with behavior guidelines in May 2005 that prohibited activities like “ hairdressing or grooming of another person ” and “ refusal to leave the building . ”
The policy includes some politely precise language common to those who speak softly from behind a reference desk :
“ If a patron seems to be placing a staff member in the position of providing a nonlibrary - related function , the staff member may bring the interaction to a prompt conclusion . ”
But library officials felt that a bigger stick was needed .
Last week , the board posted a notice on its
Web site and library doors saying it had “ struggled with this problem for over 10 years ” and voted “ with great reluctance ” on Dec. 20 to close after school .
“ Having as many as 50 young people with nothing to do creates an untenable situation , ” read the note , which pointed out that many students did not use library resources but simply socialized in the building .
“ It interferes with patrons of all ages who want to use the library and with the staff members who are there to serve them .
The library can no longer deal with large numbers of students who come after school and wait , sometimes into the late evening , to be picked up . ”
The decision has not been popular in town .
In a posting on Maplewoodonline.com , the community ’s Internet bulletin board , one resident , Joan Crystal , said an alternative needed to be developed before closing the library .
“ I also think it improper to close the library during hours when adults , older students and M.M.S. students find it most convenient to use the library , ” she wrote .
David Huemer , who represents the Maplewood Township Committee on the library board , said he would like to see the current police station , which is being retired in favor of a new one , converted to a youth center .
The number of legal music downloads tripled internationally in the first half of 2005 , according to an international music industry trade association .
In a report released Thursday , the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) declared consumer attitudes toward illegal music file - sharing to be changing , as legal music - buying alternatives gain further strength .
" The number of legal tracks downloaded internationally tripled to 180 million in the first half of 2005 , " the IFPI said , with surging broadband use acting to help the industry .
Infringing music files available on file - sharing networks and sites rose slightly ( 3 percent ) from 870 million in January to 900 million , while broadband lines installed grew four times faster at 13 percent .
A study released last month in the U.S. reported a similar jump in legit services , but noted that digital music is still widely swapped online .
Legal Tunes Jump
Legal music downloads in the first six months of 2005 in the U.S. , the U.K. , Germany , and France outstripped the total for the whole of last year .
Single track downloads in these markets have risen to 180 million in the first half of 2005 compared to 157 million for the whole of 2004 .
This is more than three times the 57 million downloads of the first half of 2004 .
In the U.S. , legal music downloads are estimated to have grown from 55 million in the first half of 2004 to 159 million tracks in the first half of 2005 .
In the U.K. , single - track downloads in the first half of 2005 were up tenfold on the same period of 2004 , at just over 10 million .
Subscriptions services have gained a little ground , with 2.2 million people now subscribed to music services globally .
The number of legitimate download sites has tripled -- more than 300 digital sites now exist worldwide .
Attitude Change
" We are now seeing real evidence that people are increasingly put off by illegal file - sharing and turning to legal ways of enjoying music online , " said John Kennedy , IFPI chair and CEO .
" Whether it 's the fear of getting caught breaking the law , or the realization that many networks could damage your home PC , attitudes are changing , and that is good news for the whole music industry . "
Well - publicized legal actions have had an effect , the IFPI said , with one in three file - sharers ceasing the practice out of fear of such action .
Kennedy offered a sharp warning to file - sharers : " We are not there yet .
Many still appear to be gripped by a bad habit they are finding hard to break .
This is despite all the public warnings and information campaigns about digital music that have been organized in the last year .
These people are now increasingly likely to face legal actions against them .
They are ordinary men and women in ordinary occupations -- doctors , students , teachers , cooks , nurses , and even a judge .
But they are having to learn the hard way that the price for file - sharing illegally can be as a high as a fine of several thousand euros . "
Since September 2003 the industry has engaged in 14,227 actions against file - sharers in 12 countries .
Fines are averaging $ 3508 .
The report describes convicted file - sharers as " Predominantly city - dwelling men aged 20 to 35 from all walks of life -- in occupations from company directors to car salesmen and teachers to lorry - drivers . "
This story , " Are Digital Music Fans Going Legit ? " was originally published by Macworld .
Microwave Grape Plasma
Find your microwave hotspots
Take a damp paper towel and place it on top of 5 - 10 other paper towels in the bottom of your microwave .
On top of it , place a sheet of themally sensitive fax paper , the kind that old crappy fax machines use .
Credit card recipts also work , but they'd be harder to tile the bottom of your microwave with .
The extra towels at the bottom provide some insulation .
Turn the microwave on for a while .
The first areas on the paper to turn dark are the hot spots Grape preparation
Cut a grape in half equatorially ( assume that the stem goes through the pole ) .
Then place the new cut surface against a paper towel or other paper product to dry it .
Do n't squeeze it to death , but try to try it as much as possible .
Lay the grape half with the wet side up , and slice it in half top to bottom , leaving a small ( ~3 - 7 mm ) bridge of skin between the halves .
Dry the new surfaces .
Plasmification
Place the grape with the cut ends up like two adjacent bowls on a plate or saucer of some sort and place the grape in your microwave 's hotspot .
Turn on the microwave for 15 seconds .
Troubleshooting Normally to keep the grape in the hotspot you should remove the turntable , but if you are n't getting a show , try putting the turntable back in and letting the grape explore the microwave by being turned around all over it .
Really make sure that the ends are dry , as if they 're wet they tend to short - circuit across the ends and you do n't get electrical discharging
What 's going on ?
Well , I only have an idea for some parts .
The first part is speculation -- the sparks are resulting from an electrical discharge between the sides of the grape , as is evident by watching and as supported by the 120 Hz buzz that coincides with the grape flaming .
It could be that the particular size of the grape relative to the wavelengths of the microwaves in the oven causes the discharge , but I do n't know if I believe this yet .
What is the mechanism for charge separation ?
The discharges vaporize the sugars in the grape and then cause them to combust .
The combustion products , if they get hot enough due to the continued electrical arcing , form a plasma ( gas where the nuclei and electrons have been ripped apart from one another ) .
This plasma is electricially conductive , and so absorbs microwaves keeping itself warm , and causing the cloud to glow .
Since the cloud is hot , it rises to the top of the oven .
However , the cloud seems to stay remarkably coherent .
Why does n't the could dissipate over timescales of several seconds ?
· Theory is repackaging of creation dogma , court told ·
Test case could decide how evolution is taught
Religion and science clashed in a drab Pennsylvania courtroom yesterday over a test case that could decide how evolution is taught in America 's state schools .
The civil trial , triggered last year by a classroom battle , marks the beginning of the first major legal assault on evolution science in 18 years .
The case also represents the first legal test of " intelligent design " , the belief that life on earth is too complex to be explained by random genetic mutation and therefore a guiding force must be involved .
In yesterday 's court hearings , supporters argued " intelligent design " does not stipulate what that guiding force might be , and is therefore not a religion .
Its opponents derided it as a mere repackaging of creationism , the religious dogma that God brought life into being in its present form a few thousand years ago .
It is a test of strength which secularist organisations hope will prove decisive in destroying the scientific credibility of intelligent design once and for all .
They are therefore determined to pursue it as far as the supreme court if necessary .
Witold Walczak , a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) arguing the case yesterday , told the Guardian before the trial : " It 's the first vigorous review of intelligent design .
They have so far refused to enter the forum where scientists publish their theories . "
The contest was joined yesterday under the weak light bulbs of a federal district court in the Pennsylvania state capital of Harrisburg .
In a chamber more accustomed to hearing arguments over taxes and copyright , lawyers debated the meaning of science and the origins of life .
The defendants were the school board from the school of Dover , Pennsylvania , which last year became the first district in the country to require its teachers to question the scientific underpinning of evolution .
" The theory is not a fact .
Gaps in the theory exist for which there is no evidence , " Dover teachers had to tell their students .
" Intelligent design is an explanation of the origin of life that differs from Darwin 's view . "
The plaintiffs were 11 parents who claimed the statement was religious and therefore a violation of the constitutional separation between church and state .
Their legal team , backed by ACLU , launched an assault on intelligent design , describing it as a " clever , tactical repacking of creationism " , which the supreme court ruled in 1987 could not be taught alongside evolution .
" It is a wedge strategy to overturn the rules of science , " argued Eric Rothschild , the lead lawyer for the plaintiffs .
" It 's creationism with the words God and Bible left out .
Intelligent design is not science in its infancy .
It 's not science at all . "
The intelligent design case was argued by three lawyers from the Thomas More Legal Centre , a Christian foundation founded by Thomas Monaghan , a Roman Catholic multimillionaire and founder of the Domino 's Pizza chain .
In his opening statement yesterday , Pat Gillan , the lead attorney for the defence , argued the case was " about freedom in education , not about a religious agenda " .
Pointing out that the Dover statement asked school children to keep " an open mind " , Mr Gillan said : " The primary effect of the policy would be to advance science education .
" It is not religion .
Intelligent design is really science in its purest form - a refusal to close avenues of exploration in favour of a dominant theory . "
In the US , the case is being portrayed as a replay of the Scopes trial of 1925 , in which a Tennessee biology teacher was fined for breaking a state law banning the teaching of evolution .
It was known as the " monkey trial " because the teacher , John Scopes , was derided for believing humans were descended from apes .
Secular science has won all the big legal battles since then , but not the struggle for American minds .
In an echo of the Scopes trial , some of the Dover parents involved in the case were recently mocked at a local fair by opponents performing a monkey dance around them .
Opposing theories
Creationism
Literal interpretation of biblical Genesis .
The earth was created about 6,000 years ago , with all forms of life in their current form
Intelligent design
Accepts the earth is millions of years old and that species can change .
But living things show such complexity , a guiding hand must be at work
Evolution
Darwin's theory that modern species evolved from basic forms of life as a result of natural selection : random genetic mutation leading to species variation , with only variants adapted to the environment able to survive
Sabine Beppler - Spahl ( Hg. )
Grenzen und Spaltungen
Im Umgang mit der Migration gibt es keine einfachen Antworten .
Umso wichtiger ist eine offene Debatte über die Herausforderungen und Ziele der Migrationspolitik .
In „ Grenzen und Spaltungen ” kommen Autoren aus acht Ländern zu Wort .
Sie sprechen Aspekte der Migration nach Europa an , die in der Debatte viel zu oft ignoriert werden.zum Inhaltsverzeichnis
Wal - Mart Stays Open During Bomb Scare
This is interesting : A Wal - Mart store in Mitchell , South Dakota receives a bomb threat .
The store managers decide not to evacuate while the police search for the bomb .
Presumably , they decided that the loss of revenue due to an evacuation was not worth the additional security of an evacuation :
During the nearly two - hour search Wal - Mart officials opted not to evacuated the busy discount store even though police recomended [ sic ] they do so .
Wal - Mart officials said the call was a hoax and not a threat .
I think this is a good sign .
It shows that people are thinking rationally about security trade - offs , and not thoughtlessly being terrorized .
Remember , though : security trade - offs are based on agenda .
From the perspective of the Wal - Mart managers , the store ’s revenues are the most important ; most of the risks of the bomb threat are externalities .
Of course , the store employees have a different agenda — there is no upside to staying open , and only a downside due to the additional risk — and they did n’t like the decision :
The incident has family members of Wal - Mart employees criticizing store officials for failing to take police ’s recommendation to evacuate .
Voorhees has worked at the Mitchell discount chain since Wal - Mart Supercenter opened in 2001 .
Her daughter , Charlotte Goode , 36 , said Voorhees called her Sunday , crying and upset as she relayed the story .
“ It ’s right before Christmas .
They were swamped with people , ” she said .
“ To me , they endangerd [ sic ] the community , customers and associates .
They put making a buck ahead of public safety . ”
Posted on December 28 , 2006 at 1:32 PM • 102 Comments
Polls indicate growing dissatisfaction with two parties in US
By Joe Kay
28 July 2006
Public opinion polls are a fairly limited way of gauging popular sentiments .
The way questions are posed and the options given for answers tend to skew or distort the actual views of those being surveyed .
Still , newly released US polls certainly indicate intense public opposition to the war in Iraq , widespread hostility to the Bush administration and its policies , discontent with socio-economic conditions , and deep dissatisfaction with the Democrats and Republicans .
The approval ratings for Bush remain at very low levels , with a Wall Street Journal / NBC poll released Thursday reporting a figure of 39 percent , statistically unchanged from a month before .
More than half the population — 56 percent — registered disapproval for the Bush presidency .
At the same time , dissatisfaction with other political institutions and with the Democratic Party persists .
Sixty percent of the population disapproves of the performance of the US Congress .
While the plurality of those surveyed ( 48 percent ) would prefer a Democratic - controlled Congress after the November elections , the party as a whole has a favorability rating of only 32 percent .
According to the Wall Street Journal , this figure “ is as unflattering as the Journal / NBC survey has ever recorded . ”
The favorability rating for the Republicans is essentially the same — 33 percent , which , according to the Journal , is “ near the party ’s record low ” — while 39 percent give a negative rating to the Democrats and 46 percent give a negative rating to the Republicans .
A striking 60 percent of the population said that the country is “ on the wrong track , ” while only 27 percent said it was headed “ in the right direction . ”
Of the 60 percent who said the country is on the wrong track , 80 percent — or nearly 50 percent of the total population — said it was part of a long - term decline .
Democratic pollster Peter Hart , who conducted the survey sponsored by the Journal and NBC , commented that the figures are “ horrendous ” and indicate a public mood that is “ as dank and depressing as I have ever seen ” in more than three decades of conducting polls .
What explains this state of affairs ?
On the economy , the Journal / NBC poll found that 38 percent of the population expects things to get worse , while only 14 percent think it will get better in the next year .
Sixty - five percent think that life for their children will be the same as or worse than it is now .
These figures reflect growing uneasiness over rising prices , declining wages and the continued destruction of decent - paying jobs .
These are not transient phenomena , and the public mood is a reflection of a long - term deterioration in the social position of broad sections of the population .
The most significant and persistent feature of American social reality is the immense and still - growing level of inequality .
According to an article published in the New York Times on July 19 ( “ The Rise of the Super Rich , ” by Teresa Tritch ) , between 2003 and 2004 , “ real average income for the top 1 percent of households — those making more than $ 315,000 in 2004 — grew by nearly 17 percent .
For the remaining 99 percent , the average gain was less than 3 percent , ” most of which went to the top 20 percent .
“ In all , ” the article noted , “ the top 1 percent of households enjoyed 36 percent of all income gains in 2004 , on top of an already stunning 30 percent in 2003 . ”
Indeed , the bulk of the gains has gone to the top one tenth of 1 percent of the population .
Living standards for everyone who is not already wealthy have declined .
The Times article referred to a Federal Reserve survey finding that “ the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans accounted for 33.4 percent of total net worth in 2004 , compared to 30.1 percent in 1989 .
Over the same period , the other Americans in the top 10 percent saw their share of the nation ’s net worth basically stagnate , at about 36 percent , while the bottom 50 percent accounted for just 2.5 percent of the wealth in 2004 , compared to 3.0 percent in 1989 . ”
The war in Iraq , which has now dragged on for more than three years and which generates escalating levels of horrific violence , is now opposed by a substantial majority of the population .
In a separate poll carried out by the New York Times and CBS , 63 percent of respondents said that the war in Iraq was not worth the lives and dollars it cost .
Fifty - six percent supported a timetable for the reduction of US troops , while , according to the Times , “ more than half those surveyed said they supported a withdrawal even if it meant Iraq would fall into the hands of insurgents . ”
The existing political institutions do not provide any means for the articulation of popular opposition to the war , let alone a real possibility of changing policy .
Millions of Americans sense , entirely correctly , that their feelings and opinions about the war count for nothing .
They can criticize the war , tell pollsters ( if asked ) that they oppose it , but the fighting and dying will go on and on regardless .
Just as these latest polls were being conducted , Bush announced that the US would be redeploying thousands of troops to Baghdad .
There are no plans to begin withdrawing US soldiers , without which the Iraqi stooge regime would collapse .
A very weak proposal to begin withdrawing US troops by July 2007 was defeated in a bipartisan vote ( 86 - 13 ) by the US Senate in June .
The US military is once again delaying the departure of some troops from Iraq to bolster forces there .
What generalizations and political conclusions can be drawn from these and similar polling data ?
The United States is a country within which there exists a vast and unbridgeable chasm separating the government and the existing institutions of the political establishment from the real interests , concerns and feelings of the broad mass of the American people .
The vast propaganda machinery at the disposal of the state is employed to manipulate public consciousness in order to suppress the eruption of popular discontent .
But for all its power , the mass media is not omnipotent and there are limits to what can be accomplished with propaganda .
Reality has a way of smashing political fictions and dispelling illusions .
Widespread popular anger with government policy , deep - rooted dissatisfaction with prevailing social conditions , a loss of confidence in existing institutions , and a sense that things will continue to get worse — these are all indications that the United States is due to witness , sooner than most might even imagine , a massive eruption of popular anger .
Sorry , this game is not available on mobile devices
Thank you for voting !
Please leave a tip or a game review below !
Thank you for voting !
Please leave a tip or a game review below !
Game description
Move the web of balls around until the web is untangled .
If you untangle a web , is it a web anymore ?
Or is it just string ?
Instructions
Click and Drag the vertices to move them around and untangle the mess .
Planarity gameplay
CONTENT RATING : All Ages ( more info )
RELEASE DATE : 21 Sep 2005
RATING : 52 %
155,124 PLAYS
It ’s because real diagnosis and treatment takes time , something that is not valued here , where volume takes precedence :
What the report has not considered are some of the most obvious differences :
* We die the soonest and are the sickest of First World countries .
* We spend far more per capital on health care than our peer nations .
* But , aha , much of that expenditure is prescription drug related .
* It is quick , easy and profitable for a doctor to treat symptoms with drugs rather than diagnose and treat underlying conditions , which may lead to sickness and death .
Let ’s put it out there .
American doctors are drug pushers .
This makes perfect sense .
They are under considerable pressure to maintain their own high incomes and the profits of their hospitals and practices .
They do this by seeing more patients .
They see more patients by spending less time with each .
They spend less time with each by using drugs instead of diagnosis , treating a symptom and hoping that this drug or the next will fix something .
This also has a good chance of keeping the patients returning for more drugs and for fine - tuning of the levels .
Appeals to Religious Hostility from the Texas Republican Party :
Here 's an item from the Texas Republican Party 's Web site :
Candidate for the Sixth Court of Appeals , Ben Franks , is reported to be a professed atheist and apparently believes the Bible is a " collection of myths . "
During debate over a plank in the State Democrat Platform , members of the Platform Committee debated dropping " God " from a sentence on the first page of the document .
The plank stated : " we want a Texas where all people can fulfill their dreams and achieve their God - given potential . "
According to an article published in the El Paso Times , Ben Franks states : " I 'm an atheist ... "
[ For Franks ' response to this , see here . ]
All elected or appointed officials in Texas must take the oath prescribed by Art. XVI , Section 1 ( a ) of the Texas Constitution : " I , _____ , do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) , that I will faithfully execute the duties of the office of _____ of the State of Texas , and will to the best of my ability preserve , protect , and defend the Constitution and laws of the United States and of this State , so help me God . "
Should Franks be elected in November , one would have to conclude that he will hold true to his out of touch " atheist " belief system and ignore the laws and Constitution of Texas .
Mr. Franks is a personal injury trial lawyer practicing in Texarkana , Texas and is the Democrat nominee for the 6th Court of Appeals .
As I 've argued before , the theoretical case for ignoring candidates ' religious beliefs when deciding whom to vote for is not open - and - shut : Religious beliefs ( whether atheist , fundamentalist Christian , Catholic , Muslim , Jewish , Hindu , or whatever else ) are at least in theory pointers to how a person is likely to act , and the similarity between your beliefs and a candidate 's might in theory be a good predictor of the similarity in your moral values and your views on what the government ought to do .
But in practice , it seems to me that the correlation is low enough , and appeals to such a correlation are dangerous enough in a religiously pluralistic country that they ought to be eschewed and condemned .
But for now , let me just stress how , if such criticism of atheists is accepted , similar calls to vote against candidates with other beliefs about religion would become legitimized as well .
After all , it 's not just atheists who believe that the Bible is myth ( I take it that the belief is about the Bible 's claims of miracles , not about all of the Bible 's historical assertions , some of which may be accurate , or about the Bible 's moral teachings , to which the label " myth " can't be applied ) .
Most Buddhists , Hindus , and other non-Christians / Jews / Muslims likely believe the same .
Jews believe that the New Testament 's claims of Jesus 's miracles and his resurrection are myths ( that 's why they 're not Christians ) .
Many denominations of Christians believe that many of the claims of miracles in the Bible are myth ( for instance , Methuselah did n't actually live to 969 , the world was n't actually covered in water during the Flood , Noah did n't actually fit two of each animal on his ark , and so on ) or at least metaphor .
More broadly , if the Texas Republican Party can properly say " do n't vote for the atheist , because he believes the Bible is myth and is therefore out of touch with the majority , " then a party can equally legitimately say " do n't vote for the fundamentalist Christian , because he believes the Bible is literally true and is therefore out of touch with the majority that do n't believe such things , " or " do n't vote for the Catholic , because he recognizes the spiritual authority of a foreign leader , and is therefore out of touch with true blue Americans who bow their heads to no foreign potentate . "
Do we really want that sort of political argument to resurface ?
Just to mention what should be obvious , I think the Texas Republican Party has a perfect First Amendment right to put out such arguments ; I 'm also not persuaded that the Religious Test Clause actually prohibits ( even in an unenforceable way ) voters from voting based on a candidate 's religiosity .
But I think arguments like the Texas Republican Party 's are corrosive to American religious tolerance , and to American democracy more broadly , and we should exercise our First Amendment rights to condemn them .
Incidentally , the " so help me God " argument does n't work :
The laws of the state of Texas are subject to the U.S. Constitution , which bars the disqualification of officeholders who do n't believe in God ( or who refuse to engage in religious oaths , as quite devout Quakers and others do ) .
See , e.g. , Torcaso v. Watkins ( 1961 ) ; Lee v. Weisman ( 1992 ) .
In light of these federal precedents , the Texas Constitution has to be read as providing people who do n't want to swear , but who instead want to affirm without reference to God , the right to do that .
It 's the Texas Republican Party 's legal analysis that 's ignoring the constitution of the United States , which is the fundamental law of Texas as well as of all other states .
Vector art is REALLY popular at the moment .
Everyone is making vector art .
It ’s not hard to do and you do n’t need to be able to draw to create it .
Be warned though , vector art does take a lot of time and patience .
Especially if you want to create OUTSTANDING art .
In this tutorial I hope to shed some light on how to make vector art and more importantly how to make really great vector art with Adobe Photoshop .
We ’ll be creating shape layers which are vectors .
In order to even start to think about doing this tutorial YOU MUST KNOW HOW TO USE THE PEN TOOL .
If you do n’t know how to use the pen tool just do THIS TUTORIAL first , ( it ’s not hard honestly ) .
Do n’t merge or rasterize your shape layers .
As long as all your layers are shape layers then you have a vector piece of art …
That means you can scale the original psd up and down in Photoshop and it will remain perfect and unpixelated !!
The final output will NOT BE a vector file ( it will be a rasterized jpg etc ) , to output a vector file you need to use Adobe Illustrator .
To see a better sized version of the finished vector just click HERE
I suggest you read through the entire tutorial before you begin …
The Set Up First you need to choose the image that you are going to vector .
Make sure you REALLY like the photo that you are starting with .
You are going to be looking at this image for hours and essentially your vector image will be similar to this photo .
Lots of people do vectors of their favourite musicians and actors as a sort of tribute .
I think this is a great idea because hopefully it motivates you to actually finish the thing and do a good job .
Just be careful when you are selecting the image that you are going to vector … it must be a decent size so that you can zoom in and still see lots of detail .
Anything smaller than 600 x 600 pixels is n’t going to be much good at all .
Bigger IS better in your selection of the photo to turn into a vector .
Open your image in Photoshop and duplicate the background layer twice .
Turn off the visibility of top copy .
Working on the middle copy desaturate it ( Ctrl + Shft + U )
Next Posterize this layer .
Image >>
Adjustments >>
Posterize …
Set the level to approximately 9 and click OK .
Rename this layer “ Posterized ” Your layer palette should now look like the one shown above .
The posterized layer is only there as a rough guide for when you get stuck .
( Personally I always find the nose to be a little difficult and use the posterize layer to help me ) .
Please please please do n’t use it to create your vector .
If you do , your resulting image will be BLAND , BORING and LACK ANY ARTISTIC MERIT !
Turn the visibility ON for the “ Background copy ” .
This way you will just see the path and colour wo n’t get in the way .
Create a new layer ( Ctrl + Shft + N )
Make sure it sits below the “ Background Copy ”
Select the mid tone shade for skin .
Grab the pen tool making sure it is set to create Shape Layers ( see image below ) .
Trace around the face making sure that you close the path ..
Once a shape layer is complete I like to turn ON and OFF the visibility of top “ background copy ” layer just to compare the two .
Your layer palette should look the image shown below .
Notice that I like to lock layers once I am happy with them so that I do n’t accidently move them .
I like to create the large blocked out areas next .
Trace the outline the hair .
As a rule you should make the initial shade ( the base colour ) for the hair the darkest .
You will then build up layers of lighter and lighter colours / shades from there .
Once you are happy with the layer , put it into a set called “ hair ” and lock it .
I like to be organised so rather than naming every new layer in a vector I like to organise them into sets … like “ hair set ” , “ eyebrow set ” , “ sleeve set ’ etc .
From the image below , you can see that I have blocked out all the main shapes and organised my layer palette .
This vector is a little unusual in that her hair is going to be absolute black so I used this layer to also form the absolute areas of black on the face too .
That ’s the basic set up all done .
Now it ’s time to start forming the features .
HAIFA , Israel , Nov. 7 ( UPI ) --
The Israeli process for producing energy from oil shale will cut its oil imports by one - third , and will serve as a guide for other countries with oil shale deposits , according to one company .
A.F.S.K .
Hom
Tov presented its oil shale processing method on Tuesday , outside Haifa and just down the street from one of the country 's two oil refinery facilities .
Advertisement
" Because the patents for this process belong to ( the company ) , Israel is the most advanced in the world in the effort to create energy from oil shale , " Moshe Shahal , a Hom Tov legal representative and a former Israeli energy minister , told United Press International .
Shahal estimated that the company 's Negev Desert facility would begin full - scale production in three to four years , while other countries with oil shale deposits will need five to six years to reach production .
Oil shale is limestone rock that contains hydrocarbons , or fossil fuels -- about 20 percent of the amount of energy found in coal .
Using the rock as a raw material and coating it with bitumen , a residue of the crude oil refining process , the company can produce natural gas , fuel , electricity , or a combination of the three .
Older technologies squeezed the hydrocarbon material out of the rock , with extremely high pressure and at high temperatures .
According to Professor Ze'ev Aizenshtat , an oil shale expert , the Hom Tov process is more environmentally friendly than other methods of converting oil shale into energy .
It also allows for more flexibility in the kind of fuel produced , produces less waste and operates at lower temperatures than other methods .
Though the production process may be more environmentally friendly , the end product is still a fossil fuel , similar in quality to a high - grade diesel when in liquid form .
Israel 's shale is low - quality , however -- its " caloric value " is only about 15 percent , while shale in other countries yields 20 percent , according to a report in BusinessWeek earlier this year .
As a result , more Israeli shale is needed to produce the same amount of fuel .
Hom Tov is n't worried , however .
" This is a much lighter ( substance ) than what gradually comes out of an oil field , " Aizenshtat told UPI , as Hom Tov company owners Israel Feldman and Shimon Kazansky posed for photographs with their fingers dipped in a plastic pitcher of the stuff .
Because fewer refining processes are necessary with oil shale than with crude oil , the final product is a higher quality fuel at a lower price , Aizenshtat said .
The company estimates it will consume 6 million tons of oil shale and 2 million tons of refinery waste each year , for an annual production of 3 million tons of product .
It would cost about $ 17 to produce a barrel of synthetic oil at the Hom Tov facility , meaning giant profit margins in a world of $ 45 to $ 60 per barrel crude .
Yearly earnings are forecasted to be between $ 159 million and $ 350 million , Shahal said .
Israel has 15 billion tons of oil shale reserves .
Jordan , on the other hand , has about 25 billion tons , and the oil shale in Jordan is of higher quality .
Shahal met with Jordanian Energy Minister Azmi Khreisat earlier this year , to discuss setting up a plant there .
The United States also has a giant reserve , mostly in Colorado , and Hom Tov sees potential for its patented process there .
The process , which Feldman and Kazansky developed in the mid-1990s , has lately attracted some high - powered investors , including Ofer Glazer -- the third husband of Israel 's richest resident , billionaire Carnival Cruise heiress Shari Arison .
" It 's a kind of dream " to invest in Hom Tov , Glazer told UPI .
" It 's the type of investment where Israel needs the product , and it creates jobs . "
Glazer added that it will be good for Israel not to be dependent on " external sources " for its energy needs , saying that " those countries are n't exactly friendly ( to Israel . ) "
As for his stake in the project , Glazer said he preferred " not to get into numbers . "
--
( Comments to energy@upi.com )
Indecision is a slow and painful death to both productivity and job satisfaction .
A recent survey ( pdf ) found that three of the six main obstacles people face in performing their jobs are tied to decision making .
The sad part is that indecision is a management strategy for some ( quite a few , according to this study which states “ 90 % of Australians work in a negative workplace culture of blame , indecision and conformity . ”
We can only assume the numbers are similar around the world . )
In software development there are two kinds of indecision : developer and non-developer .
Non-developers can be managers , internal users , marketing , or your CEO ; whoever has a say in how your software will be built .
For the sake of this article we ’re going to look at non-developer indecision , and we ’re going to refer to it , for ease of readability , as “ management indecision . ”
How Indecision Kills Productivity
What is the impact of management indecision on software development ?
One study examined the disruptions caused by technology and resource failures in the workplace .
They grouped the disruptions into two types : simple disruptions , and what they call “ agenda benders . ”
Agenda benders “ create a period of uncertainty and indecision , during which any existing plans are suspended ; replanning may become difficult if not impossible .
[ Agenda benders ] can , at worst , cause the entire dayï¿½s agenda to be abandoned , and at the very least , will leave it seriously bent out of shape . ”
The study goes on to say :
“ [ When an agenda bender strikes ] not only does she switch from doing high - priority tasks to filling in time with relative trivia , but she has no idea when her workstation will revive and must replan her day without adequate information .
This uncertainty ultimately contributes to her inability to complete the ï¿½write specs ï¿½ plan .
Agenda benders appear to arise through a loss or breakdown of essential resources , for a period of significant but unpredictable length .
Sometimes the missing resource is a person , e.g. , a colleague who can not be found for a vital meeting . ”
Or , I would add , information that cannot be obtained in a timely manner .
That being said , the impact of indecision is a potentially serious disruption to the development process due to a number of causes :
The tendency for most people to freeze when faced with a question where they do n’t have all the necessary information ( described in the book How Would You Move Mount Fuji ? )
The effort it takes to note there ’s a gap and come back to it once a decision has been made
The mental exhaustion of feeling like you ’re building a well - designed application that ’s full of holes because no one will fill those holes with decisions
Why Developers Hate Indecision
If you ’re a developer you know the frustration of not having the answers you need to keep working .
You ’ve probably experienced this more than you care to remember :
You start working on a new page , script , design , data model , etc … and realize the spec you ’ve been given does n’t have enough information for you to do your job .
You walk over to your manager ’s desk in search of an answer but he ’s working on another issue and you have to wait .
You trudge back to your cube , realizing your deadline is not budging , but unable to continue your work until you have an answer .
Your stress begins to increase and you resort to one of two things : sending an email and sitting on your hands until you get an answer ( but looking busy , of course ) , or making the call yourself and living with the consequences .
Either way your productivity is hammered and you ’re now feeling the stress of having one more loose end on your mind .
“ Surveys frequently rank managerial indecision as one of the top office torments , even above issues like low pay . ” ( source )
So why is it that no ones seems to make decisions ?
Most of the time your question is a lower priority than the other tasks on a manager ’s plate .
Other times it ’s due to corporate politics ; no one wants to be responsible for a bad decision on a UI that does n’t work for the Accounting team simply because he made a hasty decision and did n’t ask the accounting team what they wanted .
I genuinely believe that the majority or managers , internal users and yes , even CEOs , are not intentionally trying to see how much stress you can take before your head implodes .
For better or worse , this is just one of the realities of working in a corporate environment .
Why Managers Should Hate Indecision : The True Cost
Summary so far : indecision is bad .
It ’s so bad , in fact , I maintain that most of the time a poor decision is better than no decision at all .
This does n’t hold true when launching nuclear missiles , performing heart surgery , or making software architecture decisions , but in most common software development scenarios it does .
Let ’s look at an example :
Developer : “ The spec does n’t say if we should show all products on this page , or only enabled products .
What should I do ? ”
Manager : “ Let ’s call a meeting .
We ’ll get the four key people together , discuss it and come up with an answer .
The soonest everyone can meet is next week . ”
Developer : “ But this is the core of the page .
I need a decision to finish it . ”
Manager : “ Well , then , put it on hold and move on to something else . ”
Now let ’s examine the impact this has on the developer ’s productivity and , ultimately , cost .
[ Note : I know this next section will elicit a slew of comments like “ Developers do n’t make that much / little , ” or “ It would never take 2 hours to shift to another task . ”
In the end I decided that a practical example , even one that requires some subjectivity , is such a helpful part of this discussion that it ’s worth including . ]
To begin , the average salary of a Mid- level software developer in Los Angeles is $ 88,750 ( Robert Half ’s 2006 Salary Guide ) .
With burden and overhead of 65 % ( this includes your benefits , employer ’s portion of your social security and unemployment , the lights over your head , your phone , computer , software licenses and parking space ) it comes out to around $ 146 k , or just over $ 70 per hour ( based on 2080 hours per year ) .
A company employing a software developer making $ 88,750 pays approximately $ 70 for each hour they work , are sick , or on paid vacation .
In our example above , the first thing the developer has to do is participate in the meeting .
Elapsed time : 1 hour ( more if she has to prepare for the meeting ) .
Cost : $ 70 .
Next , she has to stop what she ’s doing , add this to her to do list and come back to it in a week .
Elapsed time : 2 hours to shift gears into another task then try to remember what she was doing when she comes back .
Cost : $ 140 .
After returning to the task after a week the developer is more likely to introduce additional bugs because of forgotten loose ends and a lack of familiarity with the code .
Since “ bug rates ” per line of code varies widely this is difficult to measure .
Let ’s say that on an average day five bugs would show up in QA , but due to the disjointed nature of her development she introduces two additional bugs .
The average cost to fix a bug based on this case study ( careful , it ’s a PDF ) is $ 200 .
2 x $ 200 = Cost : $ 400 .
Finally , she now has another item cluttering her task list , she ’s frustrated she can’t complete her work , she ’s lost respect for her manager because he wo n’t make a decision , frustrated with her company for having to gather four people to decide how a single screen works , and she ’s concerned she ’s not going to remember all the details when she has to come back to the page in a week .
Due to stress her productivity degrades 10 % for the next 2 days .
16 hours x .10 = 1.6 hours = Cost : $ 112 .
Total loss due to indecision : $ 70 + $ 140 + $ 400 + $ 112 = Total Cost : $ 822 .
But wait , there are two other alternatives to this story .
One is that the manager makes a decision , and it ’s the right one .
In this case no additional time or money is wasted .
Cost : $ 0 .
The other alternative is that the manager makes the wrong decision .
He sends an email to the parties involved indicating how they ’ve decided to proceed , and finds out they screwed up .
The developer has to go back and re-work the page after she ’s completed it .
Elapsed time : difficult to know , but assuming it ’s a standard page we ’re safe with an estimate of 6 hours .
Cost : $ 420 .
“ Making a decision is a clear winner ! ” you think .
But it gets worse .
These kinds of decisions come up constantly during development .
Let ’s say we have five developers working on a project and between them we encounter 10 in a week .
If a monkey flipped a coin he ’d choose the right answer half the time .
Giving the manager the benefit of the doubt , let ’s say he chooses correctly 60 % of the time .
6 out of 10 times we break even , the other 4 we lose $ 420 , for a total cost of $ 1,680 per week .
If we decide not to make any decisions we lose 10 times $ 822 , for a total of $ 8,220 per week .
Let me say that again : blanket indecision loses $ 8,220 per week ; making decisions ( including bad ones ) loses $ 1,680 per week .
That ’s a difference of $ 6,540 per week .
One approach will cost you almost five times as much as the other .
Give that a few minutes to sink in .
Trying to Fix Things
Now that we ’ve likened indecision to kicking puppies , terrorism and weapons of mass destruction , we ’ve decided it ’s bad for developers and for the company , and we ’ve blamed everyone but the developer , what can someone do to move things along when the brakes are locked ?
Here are three alternatives :
Make it easy for someone to make the decision
“ Ambush ” the decision makers
Force a decision
Making it Easy
We can blame the managers all we want , but the bottom line is that leading a team is hard .
As a former manager ( who ’s back in development by choice ) , the most common task I performed was making fast decisions with incomplete information .
The not very surprising point is that the exact same situation that exhausts developers and kills productivity is the most difficult job of a manager , and the easiest to screw up .
The one thing I found most helpful when forced to make decisions without adequate information was to hear problems and solutions .
Here ’s what I never wanted to hear from one of my developers : “ Oh my gosh , we did n’t think that people would want to view the results on the blah blah page and now we do n’t know what to do .
Aaaah !
We ’re all gonna die ! ”
Here ’s what I wanted to hear : “ We did n’t think that people would want to view the results on the blah blah page .
At this point we have two options : add the results grid , which is the right way to do it , and will take 2 days , or hack in a temporary table which will take 4 hours .
Based on the schedule and where we are with out other tasks I think we should . ”
What did the second developer just do ?
He gave me our best options .
He turned this problem into a decision - making process , not a fact finding mission where I had to do recon to figure out the 10 possible approaches .
Right away we could discuss pros and cons and make a decision quickly instead of wasting time back at the starting line .
In this scenario I would likely suggest additional options , but starting with a base of 2 or 3 is a fabulous head start over the first developer , and makes me more likely to take the few minutes required to make the decision , rather than the 20 minutes needed for the first developer ’s approach .
“ Ambushing ” the Decision Makers
This one is simple ; if you need three people to make a decision , find out if they ’re going to be in the same place at the same time and drop by .
Or , better yet , have one of them walk with you to find the other two .
Creating an impromptu meeting will only work with people who have serious buy - in to see your work succeed , or who are close to you in the org chart .
One other way is to try the ol ‘ “ drop by one and call the other ” trick ( this works best when you only need two people ’s agreement ) .
There ’s no rule that specifies you have to wait until everyone ’s in a meeting to make a decision ( although this is likely the culture if you work at a big company ) .
There are significant limitations to this approach , however , such as a lack of thorough discussion , visual aids , or a white board .
If the topic is complex you are likely to receive blank stares and a look that says “ I ’ll see you at our meeting next week . ”
Forcing a Decision
The third tool I ’ve found useful is to force a decision .
The phrase “ We have to make a decision now or we ’re going to lose x hours of time . ” carries some weight with decision makers .
Sure , they may put you off , but make a note that you said this and mention it again ( as tactfully as possible ) once the damage is done .
Do this enough and someone may actually start listening to you .
It ’s possible no one will listen to you , even after repeated warnings .
In this case you have one of two choices : escalate the problem to your manager , your manager ’s manager , the CEO , or whoever you think can address it , or think long and hard about how much your company really wants its software projects to succeed .
If nothing changes after your best efforts , then you have little choice but to keep fighting , accept it , or move on .
The other way to force a decision is to make the decision yourself and do the work .
People are less likely to change something that ’s already been written .
This is a back - handed way of getting things done , but it both makes your point and accomplishes something during the time you ’re waiting .
As with the other approaches , use this one with caution or you may find yourself pissing off the wrong people .
The Wrap Up
Indecision hurts productivity , job satisfaction , and the bottom line , and eliminating it should be on everyone ’s agenda .
Managers will likely be motivated by cost and morale ; developers by the desire to meet their deadlines and avoid frustration .
Either way , we ’re in the same boat .
Hopefully someone will decide to steer .
Thanks to Mike Taber for reading a draft of this article .
By JULIE WHELDON
Last updated at 22:00 10 January 2007
Next time the woman in your life gets dressed up to the nines , you might want to take note of who she is meeting .
New research has found that women " dress to impress " when they are at their most fertile .
The discovery overturns the theory that women - unlike other female animals - always hide signs they may be ovulating .
Instead it seems women subconsciously don their trendier clothes , more jewellery , plaster on make - up and flash more flesh when they are the most fertile moment in their monthly cycle .
In the animal kingdom ovulation is often obvious , with our close relatives chimpanzees displaying swollen genitals when they are at their most fertile .
However in humans scientists have always believed it is notoriously hard to detect the time when a woman 's ovaries release an egg .
Now a new study by a team at the University of California at Los Angeles has found there are clues in people after all .
The research , published in the journal Hormones and Behavior , took 30 university students aged between 18 and 37 who did not know what the study was about and were all in stable relationships .
All were photographed in their least fertile and most fertile phases .
Then a group of 42 other people - just over half of them women - were asked to look at the pairs of pictures and judge in which one the woman was trying to look more attractive .
Their faces were blacked out to make sure the assessment was based on their attire .
The judges chose the photo taken during the fertile phases 60 per cent of the time .
According to New Scientist , this is " well beyond random chance " .
Lead researcher Martie Haselton said : " Near ovulation , women dress to impress , and the closer women come to ovulation , the more attention they appear to pay to their appearance .
" They tend to put on skirts instead of pants , show more skin and generally dress more fashionably . "
The study 's co-author April Bleske - Rechek , a psychologist from the University of Wisconsin - Eau Claire , said what was remarkable about the effect of ovulation on women was that it was so easily observed .
" In our study , the approach of ovulation had a stronger impact on the way women dressed than the onset of menstruation , which is notorious for its supposedly deleterious impact , " she said .
The research builds on a new body of research showing how women 's behaviour changes as they approach their most fertile period .
Previous studies have found that they are more inclined to flirt with men other than their partners and stray from their routine in ways that suggest they have a roving eye .
" Something in women 's minds is tracking the ovulation cycle , " said Prof Haselton .
" At some level , women ' know ' when they are most fertile .
" And we have seen some evidence that men may at some level ' know ' too - although with less certainty . "
When we first toured our current apartment , one of the delightful things we discovered is that it had a lemon tree in the backyard .
Once we moved in , we tried to think of all the things we could make with lemons , and we found quite a few , including sugary lemon bars , freshly - squeezed lemon juice , lemon zest for baking , lemon cheesecake , and last but not least , lemonade .
Four years on , the novelty of having our own lemon tree may have dimmed , but now and again we ’ll be reminded of how lucky we are when we find yet another use for this amazing fruit .
So when life ( or a friend with a lemon tree in the backyard ) gives you lemons , try out some of these ideas .
Food & Beverages
Grill fish on top of lemon slices to prevent the fish from sticking to the grill [ 1 ]
Try gremolata , a mixture of lemon zest and finely chopped garlic and parsley , as an alternative to salt and pepper [ 2 ]
Include lemon zest in marinades for pork and poultry [ 2 ]
Create a flavorful lemon butter to garnish seafood and fish [ 2 ]
Freeze lemon juice in ice cube trays to use in summer drinks [ 2 ]
Make preserved lemons for use in Moroccan recipes , such as tagine
Add lemon juice to rice , cauliflower , or potatoes while cooking to enhance their white color [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Prevent eggs from cracking while boiling by coating the shells with lemon juice [ 3 ]
Ensure easy peeling of cooked eggs by adding one teaspoon of lemon juice to the cooking water [ 3 ]
Use lemon juice to help homemade jam set without using pectin [ 4 ]
Dry lemon peel for use in flavoring baked goods [ 4 ]
Cleaning & Home Improvement
Remove garlic , onion , or fish odor from your hands by rubbing them with a piece of lemon coated in salt [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Rid your hands or clothes of stains from berries , beets , or ink with lemon and salt [ 2 ] [ 4 ]
Clean copper pots or remove rust stains with half a lemon dipped in salt [ 1 ] [ 3 ]
Mix lemon juice and baking soda for an effective stain remover [ 3 ]
Dry slices of lemon to use in holiday decorations such as wreaths or garlands , or to include in potpourri mixtures [ 1 ]
Fill bowls or vases with whole lemons to create elegant table centerpieces [ 1 ]
Keep insects away from stored clothing using dried lemon rind [ 4 ]
Health & Beauty
Use juiced lemon halves to moisten dry elbows [ 1 ]
Bite into a lemon to redden your lips ( a common practice in the court of Louis XIV ) [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Make a face mask using lemon and honey [ 3 ]
After shampooing , rinse your hair with water and lemon juice to prevent dandruff and to remove soap film [ 3 ]
Soothe sore throats with lemon juice , either by gargling or drinking in a hot beverage
Take the sting out of insect bites with lemon juice [ 3 ]
Apply lemon juice to cuts to disinfect them and help them heal faster [ 3 ]
Treat a nose bleed with lemon juice [ 3 ]
Mix lemon juice with olive or almond oil to treat eczema [ 3 ]
Combine lemon juice with papaya juice to get rid of athlete ’s foot [
3 ]
Sources :
[ 1] HGTV
[ 2] DIY Network
[ 3] VISTA Magazine
[ 4] Plants For A Future
What caused me to fly off the handle about architecture astronauts was , indeed , this conference , organized by Union Square Ventures , a local VC .
You can try to read the transcript online and see why I was so agitated , or just read the post - mortem , including my ungracious comment , on USV ’s blog - site .
I had to install Lisp in a Box and start working through Seibel ’s new book on Common Lisp until my brain started functioning again .
eBay and Skype
Here ’s my highly irresponsible , off - the - cuff theory of why eBay bought Skype , because none of us believes that nonsense about how this would “ allow people to talk to each other during auctions . ”
( Hint : eBay did n’t need to buy Skype just to allow people to talk to each other during auctions .
Skype worked fine for that purpose without being owned by eBay .
So that could n’t possibly be the reason ) .
My theory goes like this .
EBay generates a lot of profit , which gives them a lot of cash , which they have to reinvest somehow or else give it back to the shareholders .
If they give it back to the shareholders , the executives at eBay wo n’t be able to justify their ginormous salaries .
So that leaves reinvestment .
A lot of big , profitable tech companies — Amazon , Microsoft , and Google — especially Google — hired carefully and have very good software development organizations .
Especially Google .
When they have extra money , they try to build something new .
Whether it ’s A9 , . Net , or Gmail , it ’s designed and built in - house in hopes of getting into a new business .
But eBay somehow got taken over by a swarm of MBAs way too soon and became an organization that was basically incapable of developing software .
The evidence for this is the whole BillPoint / PayPal fiasco , in which eBay tried to create their own payment system , BillPoint , but found themselves so constitutionally incompetent at creating software by themselves that a scrappy team of outsiders at PayPal made a system that eBay users preferred 2 to 1 , despite the fact that eBay repeatedly tried to force auctioneers into using BillPoint instead .
( Eric Jackson wrote a very good book about it , The PayPal Wars . )
Full credit to eBay for recognizing their weakness , though .
Since eBay realized they could n’t build things , they have to use their cash to buy things instead .
This is what MBAs like to do anyway .
They do n’t completely understand how to make companies but they do enjoy buying and selling them .
Good for eBay .
The only problem is that this kind of acquisition , especially combined with Google ’s blockbuster IPO , is leading people to think there ’s a new bubble underway somehow , which is causing investors to try and figure out if del.icio.us ( say ) might be the next Skype because they ’re both “ Peer Production ” or something .
Hint : Skype has nothing to do with del.icio.us .
Nothing .
I do n’t care if you manage to come up some architectural abstraction with that seems to include both .
It ’s not going to make del.icio.us worth $ 2.6 b , because del.icio.us , architecturally , does n’t have that “ free phone call ” feature .
THE BLOGGING BOOM THE BLOGGING BOOM Since March 2004 , the " blogosphere " has doubled in size every five to seven months .
There now are more than 53 million blogs .
Key blog statistics : 150,000 --
The number of blogs created each day , or nearly two blogs per second .
1.6 million --
The number of daily postings , or more than 66,600 per hour .
39 % of the blogs were in English .
31 % of the blogs were in Japanese .
12 % of the blogs were in Chinese .
2 % of the blogs were in Spanish .
40 % of those who start a blog are still posting on it three months later .
Source : Technorati , a San Francisco firm that tracks blogs , as of June .
Jury awards $ 11.3 M over defamatory Internet posts A Florida woman has been awarded $ 11.3 million in a defamation lawsuit against a Louisiana woman who posted messages on the Internet accusing her of being a " crook , " a " con artist " and a " fraud . "
Legal analysts say the Sept. 19 award by a jury in Broward County , Fla . — first reported Friday by the Daily Business Review — represents the largest such judgment over postings on an Internet blog or message board .
Lyrissa Lidsky , a University of Florida law professor who specializes in free - speech issues , calls the award " astonishing . "
BEWARE OF BLOGS : Courts are asked to crack down on bloggers , websites Lidsky says the case could represent a coming trend in court fights over online messages because the woman who won the damage award , Sue Scheff of Weston , Fla. , pursued the case even though she knew the defendant , Carey Bock of Mandeville , La. , has no hope of paying such an award .
Bock , who had to leave her home for several months because of Hurricane Katrina , could n't afford an attorney and did n't show up for the trial .
" What 's interesting about this case is that ( Scheff ) was so vested in being vindicated , she was willing to pay court costs , " Lidsky says .
" They knew before trial that the defendant could n't pay , so what 's the point in going to the jury ? "
Scheff says she wanted to make a point to those who unfairly criticize others on the Internet .
" I 'm sure ( Bock ) does n't have $ 1 million , let alone $ 11 million , but the message is strong and clear , " Scheff says .
" People are using the Internet to destroy people they do n't like , and you can't do that . "
The dispute between the two women arose after Bock asked Scheff for help in withdrawing Bock 's twin sons from a boarding school in Costa Rica .
Bock had disagreed with her ex-husband over how to deal with the boys ' behavior problems .
Against Bock 's wishes , he had sent the boys to the boarding school .
Scheff , who operates a referral service called Parents Universal Resource Experts , says she referred Bock to a consultant who helped Bock retrieve her sons .
Afterward , Bock became critical of Scheff and posted negative messages about her on the Internet site Fornits.com , where parents with children in boarding schools for troubled teens confer with one another .
In 2003 , Scheff sued Bock for defamation .
Bock hired a lawyer , but he left the case when she no longer could afford to pay him .
When Katrina hit in August 2005 , Bock 's house was flooded and she moved temporarily to Texas before returning to Louisiana last June .
Court papers that Scheff and her attorney David H. Pollack mailed to Bock were returned to Pollack 's office in Miami .
After Bock did n't offer a defense , a Broward Circuit Court judge found in favor of Scheff .
A jury then heard Scheff 's arguments about damages .
Pollack did not seek a specific amount for the harm he says Scheff 's business suffered .
" Even with no opposing counsel and no defendant there , $ 11 million is a huge amount , " says Pollack , adding that Scheff is considering whether to try to collect any money from Bock .
" The jury determined this was a significant enough issue .
It 's not just somebody 's feelings are hurt ; it 's somebody 's reputation is ruined . "
Bock says that when she moved back to her repaired house over the summer , she knew the trial was approaching but did not know the date .
She says she does n't have the money to pay the judgment or hire a lawyer to appeal it .
She adds that if the goal of Scheff 's lawsuit was to stifle what Bock says online , it worked .
" I do n't feel like I can express my opinions , " Bock says .
" Only one side of the story was told in court .
Nobody heard my side . "
Just months after Delta began installing new interiors , including pricey leather seats , Mr. Canavan and his staff were surprised to find that some of the planes were already filthy .
Thus began a humbling airlinewide effort to become neater .
Two cleaning contractors were fired for slipshod performance .
Deep cleaning  an intense and precisely scripted process of brushing , scrubbing and vacuuming  now occurs at least every 30 days on Delta planes , bringing Delta up to par .
A crew of auditors checks up on the cleaners .
Delta is not the only airline paying closer attention to the issue since 9/11 , when any number of niceties  as well as basics  were scrapped .
More recently , bloggers , flight attendants and others have been taking note of filthy and fragrant conditions on planes ; it is not clear how much of a difference some of the carriers ’ galvanized housekeeping efforts have made .
“ There ’s still a long ways they have to go , ” said Linda Hirneise , who heads the travel practice at J. D. Power & Associates , a market research firm .
Her company surveys passengers about airline cleanliness , and this year the top - ranked carrier  JetBlue  received an 8.49 on a 10 - point scale .
But in Ms. Hirneise ’s opinion , “ anything below a nine is flunking . ”
Delta came in third in this year ’s J. D. Power survey , behind JetBlue and Southwest .
At the bottom of the survey , which ranked only North American airlines , were Northwest and US Airways .
“ All carriers have room for improvement , ” Ms. Hirneise said .
“ Sometimes you pull those trays down and you just want to walk off the plane . ”
The Federal Aviation Administration does not set cleanliness standards , so the issue is mainly one of public perception .
Zompist 's Rant Page : 2006
Rants for 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007
Now , the Engrish is fun enough ( " Run quickly when on the iong bridge with loosing planks ! " ) , but surely cultural differences cannot explain why a toddlers ' play railway needs a logo with dripping blood .
To say nothing of the demon in the corner .
One of the major features of the playset is the fact that it has blocks :
EXECUTIVE .
We need to get the sequel to " Railway I " out right away .
MANAGER .
But ... all we have ready is a car set .
EXECUTIVE .
No time , no time , just change the logo .
And Henderson ?
MANAGER .
Yes sir ?
EXECUTIVE .
Do n't forget the demon .
However , we were entirely defeated by this series of warning icons :
Do n't hit yourself for not buying something else
Unhappy Pac-man
Astronaut Pac-man
Mark of the Beast will make your child happy
This just in : Alert reader Matt Adams was inspired to create versions of the above icons in Adobe Illustrator .
Now you too can deal out inexplicable warnings !
First , despite the long - overdue firing of Rumsfeld , he 's made it clear that he 's sticking to his " nothing less than victory " mantra .
There 's several reasons why this is foolish .
He does n't seem to realize that he has just two years left .
If he could n't pacify Iraq in four years -- quite the reverse , in fact -- what makes him think he can accomplish it in half that time ?
Diplomatically , he has a little over a year -- he can conduct operations during an election year , but he can't commit the US to anything .
And it 's diplomacy that requires more time .
As I indicated , " nothing less than victory " would require a commitment of troops , time , and money that he and the country are not willing to make .
It 's just bluster , then , and bluster wo n't accomplish anything .
It signals that the US will continue to fight warlords , as opposed to either co-opting them , negotiating with them , or putting in roadblocks to sectarian civil war .
Warlords can easily sustain two more years of struggle , especially when they have funding of $ 70 to $ 200 million a year .
It means that Bush wo n't be using withdrawal to force Iraqi politicians to take responsibility for their own political failures or for the country 's security .
They wo n't take responsibility because Bush retains it .
He 'll continue to use torture and throw away civil rights ; he 's made it perfectly clear that does n't think he has to obey Congress or the Constitution .
And that 's not even the worst case .
According to Seymour Hersch , the neocons think that " there can be no settlement of the Iraq war without regime change in Iran " .
( This is n't exactly a deep secret ; neocon Joshua Muravchik has an editorial in Foreign Policy advocating the bombing of Iran . )
Finally , there 's no Marshall Plan for Iraq ; only a small percentage of the promised reconstruction ever got started .
To get his nothing less than victory , Bush relies on nothing more than war .
The options do n't look good , and the bipartisan Baker - Hamilton commission is unlikely to unearth any good new ideas .
Four years ago , more commitment and more realism might have made a big difference .
Now , not so much .
It 's easier to gain respect when you start a project than when it 's been going downhill for years ; and our opponents are not stupid ; they can smell the blood in the water .
Given our position today , here 's what we 're likely to need .
Send in the troops we 've needed all along .
That means doubling , probably tripling our commitment .
Counter - insurgency requires boots on the ground , and not in well - fortified bases , but out on the streets , every day .
Wherever we are n't , the warlords rule .
It 's just math : who are you , the ordinary terrified Iraqi , going to cooperate with -- the warlord who 's there every day , or the American soldier who 's there once every three months ?
Finally invite in the nation - builders .
Four years ago , we should have sent in teachers , lawyers , engineers , and businessmen , all loaded with cash .
That 's not going to be possible right now , because we can't guarantee their security .
But we need some ways to improve ordinary people 's lives .
Rebuilding the power grid would be a big help .
Pour enough security into a few universities to make them actually safe .
What if , every time somebody blew up a building , the US surrounded the site and rebuilt it ?
Build a Latin American style strong presidential system .
A Peruvian once complained that his country elected a dictator every few years .
Would n't that be a huge step forward for Iraq ?
Downplay parliamentary politics , which creates weak governments and encourages voters to factionalize ; these are games only rich countries can afford .
Have a strong president with a strong military and strong U.S. ties ; but make it clear he 'll be deposed in an instant if he does n't submit to those elections .
Throwing someone out of power , that we know how to do .
we know how to do .
All that 's going to cost a fortune .
Pay it .
Repeal Bush 's tax cuts ;
Bush 's friends will just have to pay to make Bush 's war work .
We may not have the manpower to triple our forces in Iraq ; so start a draft .
Triple the gas tax , both to encourage conservation and to provide a hedge in case oil supplies are disrupted .
Prepare the US public for atrocious counter - attacks .
Again , our opponents read the papers .
They know that Ronald Reagan left Lebanon after a massive attack on US troops , and Clinton left Somalia after another attack .
They know all about our defeat in Vietnam and the Russians ' defeat in Afghanistan .
They 'll try a big - profile attack , and the American people have to be expecting it , and be resolved to continue despite it .
Take a long - term view -- at least as long - term as the Cold War .
Spend a decade cultivating Arabic speakers , especialy Arab - Americans who can infiltrate Islamist organizations .
Retrain the army both in counter - insurgency and in the rebuilding of failed nation - states ... the sort of conflicts they 're likely to face in the decades ahead .
The base problem is , as usual , that we 're fighting the last war -- not WWII or Vietnam , but the Cold War .
Proxy wars worked , more or less , during the Cold War , both because the stakes in any one country were usually low ( did it really matter who ended up with Chad or Laos ? ) , and because the Soviets played by similar rules , and retreated when things got too tough .
Insurgents do n't play by those rules , and proxy wars do n't defeat insurgencies .
If we 're not going to do all that -- and I 'm sure George Bush wo n't , and no candidate in 2008 will run on that platform -- then what do we do ?
Declare victory and leave , of course .
Just because we 've messed up does n't mean that we should or must keep throwing our money and our troops away .
If we feel responsible -- and we should -- then continued military occupation is n't the only way to discharge that responsibility .
Would the best approach to Vietnam be to go back and start the war up again ?
Naturally , we should n't just pull out in disarray , as we did in Vietnam .
At the least , we want to reward our friends and discomfit our enemies .
To wit :
Arm the hell out of the Kurds .
Make it clear to the neighbors that these are Our Pals , that we care very much what happens to them , that we will support them if anyone gets the bright idea to invade them .
( Non-intervention is the best policy ... but screwing your friends is the worst .
We 've made bad situations worse before , e.g. in Bosnia , by pretending till far too late that we were entirely impartial .
And when the US is widely perceived as having inspired and then betrayed anti-Hussein rebellions in 1991 , it seems pretty foolish to do the same thing again . )
Set a date , in negotiations with the elected government , when we 'll withdraw 100,000 of our troops .
Provide money and training so that there will be at least triple that number of Iraqi troops to replace them .
( The main idea here is to have Iraqis , not Americans , take responsibility for the timing of the withdrawal and what sort of help they need .
They have little incentive to take their work seriously so long as the decisions are made by Bush and the fighting is done by the US . )
( Can the Iraqi army get ready in time ?
That 's the wrong question .
If you want to " win the war " , see the plan above .
Failing that , what we want is to favor the factions best disposed towards us . )
Make it clear to all parties , inside and outside Iraq , that the US is no longer in the business of suppressing warlords , only wars .
The armed gangs of thugs are the Iraqi government 's job to oppose -- or co-opt .
But if neighboring states invade , or an armed gang gets strong enough to try to overthrow the elected government , the US will help respond .
( Yes , this is the opposite of the strategy above .
That 's because the first strategy was to win ; this is to withdraw without disaster .
To win , we have to defeat the warlords .
If we 're not going to defeat them , we have to live with them and seek only to minimize the trouble they can cause . )
Carrots for everyone .
Pledge a tasty sum , like $ 250 billion , as a Marshall Plan for Iraq , on condition that everyone keeps the peace .
( If the peace is partially kept , send money only to the peaceful regions . )
Talk to Iran and Syria -- we have plenty to talk about , drop the stupid notion that we 're too good to talk to certain people and yet they should do things for us anyway .
Pundits are veering , sometimes in the same article , from grandiose pronouncements that the conservative movement is dead to worries that the Democrats will immediately mess up .
( Light - right publications like the Economist hope against hope that Democrats plus Bush will govern as the Republicans were supposed to . )
George Will , in Newsweek , consoles himself with the thought that the new Congress ( thanks to the loss of a number of moderate Republicans ) will actually be more conservative .
I think not , George .
The nation could n't be clearer about its rejection of Bush and his pet Congress .
The Republicans did n't pick up a single seat from the Democrats .
Democrats won all their hot - button referenda on the minimum wage ; Republicans for the first time lost one of theirs on gay marriage .
( The graphic is adapted from one in the Boston Globe , correcting a couple of errors , assigning all close races to the candidate who 's ahead , and spreading out the Western states .
I like this view much better than the geographical maps that most sites present , which greatly exaggerate how red the population is .
Politics is driven by number of people , not by square miles . )
The country is still highly polarized , and the conservative movement is far from dead .
What may be severely crippled , however , is Rovism .
Karl Rove explicitly disdained centrist policies and tried to govern from the base .
And despite some missteps ( Harriet Miers , Bush 's proposed immigration amnesty ) , the Republicans have pretty much held the base together .
But their contempt for the center has now been cordially returned .
I 'm sure the old methods will be trotted out again in 2008 .
But one thing does get through politicians ' heads , and that 's losing .
The Rove strategy was unassailable while it worked .
Now that it 's spectacularly failed , the party will very likely back away from it .
And even if they do n't , it seems that the Democrats have learned the lesson .
They did n't win by appeasing their own base ; they kept to a rigorous program of expanding the tent , contesting seats even where they were at a disadvantage , and searching out more moderate candidates ( most notably James Webb ) .
If the Democrats are smart ( and that 's a risky assumption ) , the first thing they 'll do is undo Tom DeLay 's program to cook Congress .
District boundaries have been redrawn to favor Republicans , who have been able to control Congress with a minority of votes cast .
I 'd like to see a Constitutional amendment outlawing gerrymandering , and requiring bipartisan agreement on district boundaries .
Maybe it would n't pass , but let 's get the Republicans on record as opposing fair districting .
2008 should be very , very interesting -- unless the Democrats pull the bonehead move of nominating Hillary .
People may come to respect Hillary , but no one really loves her ; and Democrats have got to get out of the habit of nominating smart , respectable people with all the charm of a Scientologist .
The big question on the Democratic side is whether Barrack Obama can stand up under relentless media attack -- if he can , he 's probably a shoo - in .
On the Republican side , the question is whether the candidates who can attract the independents ( i.e. Giuliani , McCain ) can connect with the base .
The first 300 or so pages are almost a historical novel , as he tells stories of half a dozen immortals scattered through history .
The past societies are evoked with Anderson 's usual convincing care ; but there 's about twice as much material as is needed .
The basic predicament of all the immortals is about the same ; and our sense of them as individuals is impeded by the constantly switching names .
And then , to my mind , he throws the book away in the section set in 1975 , as he trots out his own political hobbyhorses .
All of a sudden the main character , whose roots are in ancient Phoenecia and who 's survived and thrived in every empire since , turns into a Heinleinian libertarian whose obsession is the fascist imposition of the income tax , and who battles " liberals " fronting for the Commies .
And this after very sympathetic earlier portrayals of a slave escaping through the Underground Railroad , and a Russian woman sharpshooter fighting the Germans in the ruins of Stalingrad .
It 's as if Aragorn had finally taken the throne of Gondor and turned into a John Bircher .
Time has n't been kind to this worldview .
I wonder what Anderson would have made of the present day , when socialism is as dead as the British Raj , and libertarians helped usher in the prospect of endless warfare , Nietzchean domestic politics , and disdain for the Bill of Rights .
And then , in less than a hundred pages , there 's a whirlwind s.f. story : the immortals share their secret with the world , which turns out not to be very interested ; Earth devolves into a self - satisfied , sparkless utopia ; the immortals go off exploring and meet a few alien races .
It 's too hurried to really work , though I admire one fine idea : the fractal tentacles of one of the alien races .
Anderson 's future repeats an old , old s.f. trope ( compare E.M. Forster 's The Machine Stops , from 1928 ) : that science will usher in an age of such soft comfort that all the old manly virtues will be lost .
( Anderson 's heroines have their full share of manly virtues . )
I think you have to go back to the 19th century to see where this idea comes from : ever - increasing civilization , science , leisure , humaneness , and mastery of the world , leading to a society where hardly anyone can properly wield a sword or build a log cabin .
It 's hard to look at 20th century history and worry too much about this prospect , and even harder considering what we can foresee of the 21st .
It will be called , simply enough , Ask Zompist , or a Zompistlike Persona , Questions of Your Choosing in Hopes of Receiving Answers .
From Zompist .
All you have to do is write me with a question ; include " Ask Zompist " in the subject or text so it 's clear whether it 's personal mail , or a submission for this feature .
Bob on comics
Adurise on Oblivion strategy
Agtobot
Hard Candy on radio , rock 'n roll , and retail
Fuschia Chang on ... I dunno , relationships
Why does Bush want to shred the Constitution ?
Well , for the same reasons as Jack Bauer .
Since consies feel that they 're under apocalyptic attack , they feel that any means are legitimate .
( So long as their own guy in charge , of course .
When Clinton was President , they considered it an abuse of power if they guy even got a haircut on Air Force One . )
I never thought a later US President would start to make Reagan look good .
Though Reagan has much evil to answer for , he did have the sense to be satisfied with merely theatrical machismo-- the only country he invaded was Grenada , population 100,000 , and I do n't recall him repealing habeas corpus and making torture into US policy .
Bob Woodward has appropriately titled his new book on Bush State of Denial .
Unfortunately for those of us in the reality - based community , denial is great politics .
No one 's going to get elected telling Americans that they have to pay higher taxes , buy smaller cars , raise the retirement age , accept evolution , either really commit to Iraq or abandon it , and make friends rather than enemies in the world .
The problem with denial , of course , is that the problems you ignore do n't actually go away .
How long will Americans keep voting for denial ?
We 'll see in November .
Mine is shown at the right ; it 's Clyde , the archer rogue I played in Lore 's D&D campaign .
And at left is what Burlew looks like .
It turns out that Burlew looks -- and talks -- much like spinn .
And how , you ask , is the book , No Cure for the Paladin Blues ?
Oh , it 's pretty good .
When it was coming out online , I thought the balance of the strip had strayed a bit too far from " comic adventures " to " the DM amuses himself by inflicting pages and pages of cosmology on the players " .
( Come to think of it , Lore had some of that going on too ; we just ignored it , mostly . )
Anyway , in the TPB , it does n't take up that much room .
On the other hand , my patience with Haley 's cryptograms lasted about two strips .
Fortunately , in the latest strips , they 're back to beating up things .
An economist sets up this game :
He offers $ 10 to you and a stranger .
The stranger is to propose a division of the money ; you can either accept the division ( in which case you each get the money according to the other guy's proposal ) or reject it ( in which case neither of you get anything ) .
Take a moment to think how you would react to this game ; and how you should react to it , if that 's different .
Cassidy comments :
Game theorists say that you should accept any positive offer you receive , even one as low as a dollar , or you will end up with nothing .
But most people reject offers of less than three dollars , and some turn down anything less than five dollars .
Now , game theory is entitled to simplifying assumptions .
But I think it 's quite wrong to call people 's actual preferences ' irrational ' ; or to look at brain scans of people playing such games ( as is now possible ) and conclude that a " reasoning " sector of the brain is competing with an " emotional " sector .
Are people emotional or irrational if they reject a $ 9 / $ 1 division in the stranger 's favor ?
Certainly not ; they 're expressing a very reasonable outrage at someone being a jerk .
There 's nothing irrational about opposing a jerk ; in fact it 's necessary to teach the jerk not to be such a jerk .
We 're happy to spend the economist 's money to teach the lesson .
It 's even worthwhile if we never see the jerk again : if all non-jerks make it a practice to oppose jerky behavior , jerks will have to think twice before trying to take advantage of someone new .
In a highly artificial situation such as a game , looking for immediate advantage may be fine and correct .
( Though it does n't even apply to all games .
Many games require alliances or agreements and do n't reward being an absolute bastard . )
Game theorists can't have it both ways .
Game theory is touted as offering insights into real - world dilemmas and behavior .
If it posits a toy context - free rationality , it can explain only toy context - free games .
What game theory tends to leave out -- repeated interaction -- makes all the difference .
We evolved as members of highly interactive groups , where bad behavior was remembered .
Our instinctive reaction to injustice is a feature , not a bug .
In economics , rationality is largely reduced to money .
For many purposes this is adequate ; but for the largest issues it 's not .
Essentially economics treats " hard to monetarize " as equivalent to " of low value " .
And it 's not hard to see that attitude leading to any number of irrational disasters .
One factoid I remember is that the discovery and temporary loss of Ceres were a sensation ; Napoleon discussed it on the battlefield ; Berzelius named a new element after it ; and the greatest mathematician of the day , Gauss , calculated its orbit .
The first few times scientists do something new ( discover a planet , identify a subatomic particle , reconstruct a language family ) , it 's big news .
Later on , the same thing just adds to a catalog somewhere .
Ceres is about at the cusp of this process .
( Can you name the next largest asteroid ? )
In fact , the attempted attacks are more evidence that Bush and DeLay 's approach is wrong , and makes us less safe .
The plot was n't foiled by war or by " overwhelming force " ; it was foiled by good old - fashioned police work .
Essential help also came from Pakistan -- a dictatorship of questionable ultimate loyalties .
Fortunately Britain did n't follow the Bush doctrine of not talking to odious regimes , and thus saved thousands of lives .
Now maybe the consies can explain again why we stopped cooperating with Syria ?
The arrested suspects were all British - born ; three were converts to Islam .
According to Bush , Lebanon 's inability to control Hezbollah justifies Israel 's destruction of the country ; by that logic we should be declaring war on Britain .
As Daniel Benjamin reports , " For those who participated in last year 's London Tube bombings and in the Madrid bombings , Iraq was a key motivator . "
The consies love to talk about fighting " terrorists " .
They 're not fighting terrorists : they put the war against Osama bin Laden on hold while they played empire - builder in Iraq .
If you want a better analogy , think of terrorism as a form of organized crime .
( In South America , in fact , the two have pretty much merged . )
You do n't fight the Mafia by air attacks .
You need intelligence , in both senses .
" The mind is a computer program . "
Only pretty clearly it 's not ; AI has failed to achieve its goals in more than half a century .
This is only the modern version of the old notion of comparing the mind to the best technology of the day : it used to be mills and clockwork .
I suspect that dramatic progress wo n't occur till people stop hoping that the mind is written in LISP .
Only pretty clearly it 's not ; AI has failed to achieve its goals in more than half a century .
This is only the modern version of the old notion of comparing the mind to the best technology of the day : it used to be mills and clockwork .
I suspect that dramatic progress wo n't occur till people stop hoping that the mind is written in LISP .
" Space exploration is the new Age of Discovery . "
This was a staple of mid-20th century sf ; even then you had to ignore Einstein to make it work .
The basic idea : colonizing space would be a challenge , but not really that tough -- a businessman could finance it ; a spaceship would have the economics of , well , a ship .
Unfortunately , the solar system is so dreary , and the stars are so far away , that for centuries to come 99.99 % of humans will live on Earth .
This was a staple of mid-20th century sf ; even then you had to ignore Einstein to make it work .
The basic idea : colonizing space would be a challenge , but not really that tough -- a businessman could finance it ; a spaceship would have the economics of , well , a ship .
Unfortunately , the solar system is so dreary , and the stars are so far away , that for centuries to come 99.99 % of humans will live on Earth .
" Counter - insurgency is World War II . "
I think this is the underlying analogy behind both Bush 's conduct of the Iraq war and Israel 's current repeat disaster in Lebanon .
You just find the enemy , see , and you hit him , and because you 're bigger than he is , he falls down .
The main problem here is that the analysis does n't tell you what to do when the enemy does n't follow the rules and stay down .
What do you do then ?
You get a better analogy , of course , even if that means waiting for someone to think of one .
Physics , for instance , used to have an analogy of electrons whirling around atomic nuclei like little planets .
It was easy to grasp and made for a kick - ass futuristic logo .
Only it does n't fit the facts and actually retards understanding of quantum mechanics .
In this case about the best that could be done was to abandon the bad old model ; no one 's come up with as neat a visual metaphor .
The major problems :
The setup is extremely outdated .
In 1974 , the idea of a black sheriff was outlandish .
Today it 's not , and the many jokes where that 's the only point fall flat .
The gags tend to be too broad and too frigging slow .
An example : one morning Sheriff Bart goes out into town and an old woman tells him " Up yours , nigger . "
Ha ha .
Only , good God , it took forever to get there .
Bart has to get dressed , exchange some banter with Gene Wilder , walk around town a bit .
Too much buildup for too little payoff .
Scenes you remember from this picture are the exceptions -- e.g. the bean eating scene .
.
An example : one morning Sheriff Bart goes out into town and an old woman tells him " Up yours , nigger . "
Ha ha .
Only , good God , it took forever to get there .
Bart has to get dressed , exchange some banter with Gene Wilder , walk around town a bit .
Too much buildup for too little payoff .
Scenes you remember from this picture are the exceptions -- e.g. the bean eating scene .
Groucho would have been hilarious as Governor Le Petomane ; Brooks just mugs wildly .
Again , he seems to be relying on the inherent ridiculousness of a situation ( here , the governor being an idiot ) -- but ridiculous is n't necessarily funny .
Madeline Kahn is , I 'm sorry to say , neither sexy nor funny .
Breaking the frame is good for a laugh ( examples abound in the Warner Bros. cartoons ) , but here it takes over the whole ending , and the picture falls to pieces .
You probably remember the fight spreading to other soundstages , which is a funny idea ; what 's much less funny is that the plot just disappears .
Compare Young Frankenstein , in which the plot is resolved on its own terms , with no one breaking character -- it 's much more satisfying and funnier .
By the way , 1874 was n't as bad as the film depicts it .
There were plenty of blacks in the West .
( Skip the intro and go right to the case studies . )
There were a number of black lawmen , for instance .
This in itself does n't spoil the movie , but it may help explain the feeling I get that it 's trying too hard .
The extreme racism depicted is , after all , an invitation for Brooks and the audience to congratulate themselves for not being racists .
( If you 've read the preceding rant , you may ask " Is n't this the same thing ?
Did n't the movie take a bold position for 1974 ? "
Yes and no .
It was funnier at the time .
Then again , 1974 was not 1960 .
In between , the Sixties happened .
And in cinema alone , consider that Shaft had come out three years before . )
Sorry , I 've been playing way too much Oblivion lately .
More on that later .
Anyway , Metcalf calls Mallon a " superb " critic , which surprised me ; I 'd have gone with " about as insightful as troll fat . "
Mallon basically finds Mockingbird too " simple " ; Atticus is " a plaster saint ... stiff ... insufferable " ; Scout is " a highly constructed doll " ;
Lee 's writing is " wildly unstable " and " clumsy " ; the book is finally an " ungainsayable endorser of the obvious " .
Not a single one of these rusty iron arrows connects .
It 's not just that Mockingbird is delightful and Mallon can't see it ; it 's that he can't see where it comes from and who it was addressed to .
He thinks Atticus would have been better if he was more like his model , Lee 's father , who believed in segregation , though he eventually became " more progressive " .
That would have been a Pulitzer winner for sure .
" The past is a foreign country , " L.P. Hartley observed ; and one of the sharpest boundaries is before and after the civil rights movement .
It 's not generally realized , I think , just how thoroughly nasty American racism was .
It was n't just bad feeling and bad jokes ; it was a deep and abiding hatred , a minefield of daily humiliations , a systematic plot to keep blacks just one step out of slavery -- and if any black managed to step forward all the same , he could be kept in line with out - and - out terrorism .
( One of the subtler reasons the past gets fuzzy is that real evils become metaphors , and those get debased .
People talk about being disenfranchised to mean they 're not listened to -- not because they 're denied the right to vote .
Clarence Thomas famously complained about a " high - tech lynching " ; but in a real lynching , blacks were not put on the Supreme Court ; they were hung from a a noose until dead . )
So half the problem is that Mallon is n't reading Mockingbird in the foreign country it was writen in ; he 's reading it today , and of course he finds it simple and moralistic .
On this side of the border , racism is simply bad and no one who matters to Mallon thinks otherwise .
On Lee 's side , almost all of her neighbors simply could n't see this " obvious " point , and Northerners were not that much more enlightened .
An ongoing moral catastrophe does not need sensitively ambiguous treatments with roguish antiheroes .
It needs to be blasted open with blinding moral clarity .
A prophet is an uncomfortable figure in his own time ; but he 's never so embarrassing as in the future when his views have won , like Solzhenitsyn in post - communist Russia .
No one can understand his vehemence ... why is he so loud about things that everybody already knows ?
Ca n't he muster even a little sophistication ?
Metcalf is much kinder to the book ; but he also gets it curiously wrong .
For instance , he calls it a book of the '60s , like One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest and The Feminine Mystique , and wonders why it seems so out of place in that company .
Easy : because it 's not a book of the ' 60s , but of the '50s .
It came out in 1960 , but was written over the course of the previous decade .
The '50s were not the '60s , not even for liberals .
The race problem was to be approached with solemnity and " all deliberate speed " , in the Supreme Court 's delicate oxymoron .
Martin Luther King was on the extreme side of things .
Another of Metcalf 's worries -- that it seems nostalgic for the 1930s - - is another no -brainer .
Lee grew up in the '30s .
When else was she supposed to set a book about a Southern childhood ?
Finally , there 's the contradictory complaint that the story " reaffirms the priority of a child 's point of view " ( as opposed to foreshadowing " adult unease " ) , while " mixing an adult 's and a child 's perspective " .
Bizarre concerns ; did n't these people read E.M. Forster 's Aspects of the Novel ?
Shifts in points of view are the prerogative and the strength of novelists ; critics may go astray in this out of a feeling that novels really ought to be plays .
If that 's too abstract , just take the book as narrated by Scout years after the events it tells .
That 's what it says it 's doing on page one .
Not that I 'm a deep ' 50s scholar ; I did n't realize till Capote came out that Truman Capote was associated with Harper Lee , and indeed was the model for Dill in the book .
4 Jun 2006 : How to win , and whether we want to
Losing
There 's a case to be made for losing .
It 'd be best to take charge when the country is thoroughly sick of conservativism -- and it's not ; it 's just sick of George Bush .
As I 've said before , we need grown - ups back in power .
The recklessness of the Bushites needs to be cleaned up : out - of - control spending and the mess in Iraq to start with ; our cheap oil addiction , stratospheric health costs , and global warming on the horizon .
Grown - up solutions to these problems are not going to be popular .
Why not let the Republicans take the hit ?
Conservatives in power are their own worst enemy : their frighteningly efficient political machine is built to win elections , not to govern .
Smart Republicans might be praying for defeat in November : then they could go back to the great game of sniping at liberals , rather than the gloomy business of cleaning up the messes they 've made .
As well , what would Democrats do in Congress anyway ?
They 're almost certainly not going to get a majority that would let them control spending in the face of Bush 's vetoes .
They would have no control over Iraq or the judiciary , though the consies would be having a grand time blaming them anyway .
About all they could do is mount investigations and hold up appointments .
Newt Gingrich demonstrated that a new congressional majority can hit the ground running and make a big impact ; but a ) Gingrich also demonstrated the limits of congressional power , and b ) Democrats are unlikely to come up with something as focussed as the Contract with America .
On the other hand , divided government does tend to rein in spending , and congressional opposition could prevent some Bush excesses .
Winning
I had some notes here on how to win the election , but reading them over , they 're boring .
Let 's talk instead about positive plans .
" Not being George Bush " is good as far as it goes , but I think Ted Rall is on to something : we need some proposals that squarely benefit the middle class .
Rall 's list is n't bad , but I think it 's more aimed at Canadians than Americans , and misses , I think , the central tendency of our time : we 're barreling back toward the robber baron era .
For awhile liberalism made us the most broadly prosperous nation in history .
We still think of ourselves as a middle - class nation ... but we think wrong .
The upper class is back in control , and is slowly taking back everything they were forced to concede : higher worker wages , job security , shorter working hours , a sense of responsibility to the community .
They 'd love to get rid of company - supplied health insurance , environmental and food quality regulation , and corporate liability .
( Not sure about that ?
Watch ; soon enough you 'll see news articles decrying US automakers ' health costs , or blogs bringing up the McDonald 's coffee lady for the hundredth time .
The underlying message of these memes : corporations have no responsibilities to America . )
Corporations are n't inherently evil ; but they have no inherent morality , either .
If they see no downsides to outsourcing American jobs , or paying their CEOs a billion dollars , or hiring illegal aliens , or doubling work weeks for no extra pay , or dumping toxic chemicals somewhere , they 'll do it .
We do n't even have to make these things illegal ; we just have to make them less profitable .
Jared Diamond 's Collapse , though it 's not directly about politics , is essential reading here .
Societies can and do destroy their own environment for short - term gain .
Why do they do something so foolish ?
Because " societies " do n't act at all ; individuals do , and powerful individuals will cheerfully act in ways that harm society as a whole .
We need extra rewards for companies that act as good citizens , extra penalties for those that choose not to .
It 's also an infuriating book .
Not because of Packer ; it 's that reading a 400 - page dissection of incompetence is painful stuff .
Iraq is n't a case of idiots not knowing what they 're doing , which would at least be understandable .
It 's a case of smart people willfully deluding themselves , which is unforgivable .
Executive summary :
There was no long - range plan .
The administration sidelined anyone with experience and convinced themselves that they 'd topple Saddam , set up Ahmad Chalabi in power , and leave within four months .
When things did n't go as planned , alternatives proceeded glacially .
Bush belatedly asked for reconstruction money , and then could n't get going on spending it .
It took literally years for the administration to admit that it was facing an insurgency ; it still shows little interest in the methods for fighting one .
It got rid of the Iraqi army , then delegated training a new one to a private company , which bungled it ; there is still no force capable of taking over for us .
Probably anyone who 's followed the story knows that Defense got control of postwar government from State ; Packer reveals that the group within Defense was sidelined as well .
The future administrators were ignored by the military planners ; they were flown to Kuwait before the invasion but not even equipped with cell phones ; when Baghdad fell they were still there , writing documents no one would read , out of the loop .
A few administrators had thought about points to protect ... but they might as well have been on the moon ; the army got to Baghdad and simply shut down , allowing the looting that got the occupation off to such a bad start .
The cost of the looting has been estimated at $ 12 billion .
( Some commanders , on their own initiative , did turn themselves into police and rulers , but without support from higher - ups and with very few resources : no training , little money , few translators . )
Why did the neocons want to invade ?
WMD were a worry , but were more important as the best tool for selling the war to the country .
Different officials had different reasons and different goals ; but I 'd say what they had in common was a John Wayne idealization of American power .
They thought America , since Vietnam , had been " pushed around " and did n't assert its predominant position .
Long before 9/11 , Saddam was a focus point for this resentment , both because he was completely defiant and because liberals ( i.e. Clinton ) had done nothing to take him down .
So , these were people who deeply studied supposed instances of American weakness and yearned to act differently .
They were temperamentally and ideologically unable to appreciate that there might be limits , practical or political , on what America could do .
They did n't want to hear it ; they punished anyone who dared to say it .
The desire to implant democracy was sincere enough ; but here too , denial and fantasy were the order of the day .
The bureaucrats sat in Saddam 's old palace in Baghdad , barely interacting with Iraq -- not that a Westerner can safely walk the streets of the city these days even if he wanted to .
They were careful to implement a flat tax , and unable to provide basic security .
They seemed to expect that Iraqis would automatically create a Western democracy on their own ; but Iraqis had no experience that would enable them to do so .
Only political Islam had any plan .
Some of Packer 's saddest tales are of women whose hope for freedom was dashed ; they exchanged Soviet - style for Iranian repression .
I can't improve on Packer 's verdict :
I came to believe that those in positions of highest responsibility for Iraq showed a carelessness about human life that amounted to criminal negligence .
Swaddled in abstract ideas , convinced of their own righteousness , incapable of self - criticism , indifferent to accountability , they turned a difficult undertaking into a needlessly deadly one .
When things went wrong , they found other people to blame .
The Iraq War was always winnable ; it still is .
For this very reason , the recklessness of its authors is all the harder to forgive .
It 's a tricky problem -- it 'd certainly be bad if Iran had nukes , but Bush has no credibility left , either in his alarmist statements about Middle Eastern states , or in his capacity for managing another military adventure .
The pundits can work themselves into knots over this , but this particular knot can be cut .
Before contemplating any military action , let 's wait for Bush to leave office .
Even if Iran is rushing toward nukes , it wo n't get there in the next three years .
So we lose nothing by waiting ; indeed , the evidence should be a lot better by then .
And we'd be rid of our number one obstacle -- George Bush .
Iran is a worry ; what it is n't is a crisis .
We can wait till a grown - up is in charge before doing anything drastic .
What exactly makes for great gameplay is a deep mystery ... but not so deep that it can't be argued about .
As I recall , we found Civ as it came out of the box had slow moves , too much waiting around , and combat that was too random .
We felt like we never really got to play with the modern era units .
And players in 4th or 6th place did n't have much fun , nor much chance of catching up .
Some of our changes included :
We bagged the advanced rules as impossible for mortal men ( at least , for those who can only play once a month ) .
But we used the tech tree , assigning 4 victory points for each tech and 1 for each first tech , allowing tech trading , and linking unit creation to specific techs .
Techs are acquired at the beginning of purchase phase .
Players declare what techs they want , and since whoever gets a tech first gets a victory point , this can be contested .
( It 's resolved with a die roll . )
The rules were streamlined so that each phase could as much as possible be effected simultaneously .
Indeed , we speeded things up so much that there 's almost no downtime ... it 's hard even to slip away for a bio - break .
To get things moving , we allowed settlers to hop to offshore islands , and troops to move across their own territory with an era- specific multiplier .
We also allowed unit upgrades ( by paying the difference in cost ) .
To reduce dice volatility in combat and the effect of the first era jump , ancient units roll two dice , medieval units three , and so on .
This year we 've been playing Axis & Allies .
We have n't changed the rules ... yet .
The best and worst things about the game are the same : its fixed strategic situation .
You know who your allies are , and most of the five countries have a pretty evident strategy .
( E.g. , Russia 's is " Try not to get whacked like a bug . " )
It 's an exquisite puzzle ; and yet I wonder how replayable it is .
People tend not to want to play Russia more than once .
Another negative is that turns are long and single - player ... while someone 's thinking , you 'd might as well go check your mail , or maybe go out for dinner .
On the other hand , that makes it suitable for leaving it set up in the empty office and playing two turns a day .
( My boss is a little upset over that , as you can imagine .
He 's playing Japan and he'd prefer three . )
But then ... but then ...
Civ is wonderfully open - ended , and Axis & Allies has a great combat system .
There 's got to be a way to put these two things together ...
Iraq , of course .
The New Yorker has a good article this week ( by George Packer ) about it .
He profiles a commander who 's doing well ( Col. H. R. McMaster , in Tal Afar ) to show why things as a whole are going badly .
What 's needed , above all , is counter - insurgency tactics .
But that takes time and effort and cultural sensitivity and boots on the ground .
The Bush administration has been denying that it even has an insurgency to deal with ; and despite its fine words , the pressure from on high is to pull back and quietly get out .
If the Iraqi army just possibly is n't up to snuff , bombing runs are supposed to keep order .
By the way , Bush 's figure for reconstruction funds for Iraq for this year is $ 1.6 billion .
What 's tragic and infuriating is that Bush has not only pissed away Iraq , he 's spoiled just about any American action abroad more ambitious than a quick raid for perhaps another generation .
Who , Republican or Democrat , is going to commit to fix Iraq , or to oppose another tinpot dictator , or create a united front between the US and Europe on any tricky issue , or work to create democracy in places that badly need it ?
It 's not that Bush has proven these things impossible -- far from it .
He 's just made them politically impossible .
, of course .
The has a good article this week ( by George Packer ) about it .
He profiles a commander who 's doing well ( Col. H. R. McMaster , in Tal Afar ) to show why things as a whole are going badly .
What 's needed , above all , is counter - insurgency tactics .
But that takes time and effort and cultural sensitivity and boots on the ground .
The Bush administration has been denying that it even has an insurgency to deal with ; and despite its fine words , the pressure from on high is to pull back and quietly get out .
If the Iraqi army just possibly is n't up to snuff , bombing runs are supposed to keep order .
And then there 's Louisiana .
I like to read my friend Greg Peters 's blog to keep up .
It 's mostly a clatter of outraged dyspepsia these days , because it does n't seem that the country is that interested in rebuilding New Orleans .
Levees broke in Merced , California , this week , causing widespread flooding ...
I wonder if the consie blogosphere is suggesting that people foolish enough to build in California deserve what they get .
When did Americans become the can 't - do people ?
Yes , Louisiana is a huge ecological and technical challenge .
But if the Dutch can live and prosper in a country where 60 % of the land is threatened by flooding , I can't believe it can't be done here .
. I like to read my friend Greg Peters 's blog to keep up .
It 's mostly a clatter of outraged dyspepsia these days , because it does n't seem that the country is that interested in rebuilding New Orleans .
And then there 's the right 's war on immigrants .
The House voted in December to make offers of non-emergency aid to illegal immigrants a felony .
In other words , these good Christians actually want to make it illegal to obey the words of Jesus .
Feed the hungry , invite the stranger in , visit the prisoner , and you 're doing hard time , sucker .
I know many illegal immigrants , so I can't sign up for the crusade against them .
It 's fine to talk about ways to discourage illegal immigration ; but fantasy and moralism are not among those ways .
They have n't made drugs go away ; why do these people think they 'll take care of illegal immigration ?
You may shrug and accept it and you may be outraged by it , but the fact is : you can't make illegals stay away .
You may be able to reduce the flow .
There are people who feel they need to get into the country , and they 'll do almost anything to get here .
They wo n't be stopped by attempts to make their lives more miserable , nor will anybody be helped by denying them health care or keeping their kids out of school .
And frankly , illegal immigrants are going to keep coming so long as suburban Republicans want cheap child care and construction in their houses , and cheap landscaping and housekeeping in their office parks .
If they want to pay nice white folks twice the wages so they 'll do those jobs , why , no one 's stopping them .
9 Mar 2006 : Where are we really on the national debt ?
Note that the metric is n't total debt -- but that 's good , total debt is not a very useful figure .
This is a good metric for the manageability of the national debt , since as the economy grows , we can afford a bigger debt .
( Compare it to a mortgage : if your income is $ 30,000 , a $ 90,000 mortgage is huge ; but not if your income is $ 100,000 . )
In short , the Depression and then World War II created a huge spike in debt / GNP , which both parties steadily whittled down till the mid- ' 70s .
And then the Republicans lost their minds .
Since then they 've chugged up the debt ; the only post -1980 period of decline is under Clinton .
So , measured in terms of our ability to pay , the Republicans have taken us back far above Depression or Vietnam War levels ( and even above Civil War levels , as can be seen from another of Wieczorek 's graphs ) ; they 've taken us to World War II levels of debt , and they 're not done yet .
My wife liked it well enough — she likes psychological portraits of sociopaths — but I 'm firmly in the “ eh ” camp .
It 's not a bad movie , but it 's not a good one , either .
The first bit , about Jonathan Rhys - Meyers 's adroit social climbing , is interesting enough , and the last half - hour — when the crime starts — is certainly watchable ; but I frankly squirmed in the middle .
And too much of the film unravels when you start thinking about it .
The movie telegraphs fairly early that Rhys - Meyers 's character is , behind his impeccable manners , an opportunist and a cad .
But the transition to criminal takes the movie out of even minimal realism into fantasyland .
It 's the same fantasy world we willingly enter for a traditional British detective story , where upper - class Brits are all murderers or look like them — but those are diversions .
Allen has some great storytelling twists up his sleeve , but no new moral insights .
( From reading reviews , I 'm guessing it makes a difference whether you identify with the main character or not .
I found him too dislikeable to empathize with . )
The characters almost all melt away on inspection , as well .
The family Rhys - Meyers marries into has a simulacrum of life , but no real character .
His wife is sweet and that 's it — she 's supposed to be avid about art , but does n't have a single interesting thing to say about it .
The father is a picture of benevolence with apparently no other traits whatsoever .
Scarlett Johansson comes closest to having a character , but Allen is curiously uninterested in anything but her sex appeal .
She goes on several auditions , for instance , and we do n't see any of them ; even fifteen seconds of her standing awkwardly on a stage would have helped make her real .
All in all it makes me regret Allen 's decision to forego the jokes : at least they give his pictures a surface full of vitality .
Problems are normally solved by violence .
It 's conservativism that 's seduced by fast , violent methods : corporal punishment , the death penalty , invading rogue states , getting Tough .
It 's no coincidence that Hollywood tough guys become conservative politicians : Schwarzenegger , Reagan .
.
It 's conservativism that 's seduced by fast , violent methods : corporal punishment , the death penalty , invading rogue states , getting Tough .
It 's no coincidence that Hollywood tough guys become conservative politicians : Schwarzenegger , Reagan .
As a corollary , the movies fetishize guns .
As in a gun nut 's fantasy , the good guys never miss and the bad guys never down the protagonist .
.
As in a gun nut 's fantasy , the good guys never miss and the bad guys never down the protagonist .
Hollywood and the conservatives both love a man in a uniform .
From Top Gun to An Officer and a Gentleman to Patton to Battlestar Galactica , the ultimate hero is a military man .
Have you ever seen a movie called Roosevelt ?
to to to , the ultimate hero is a military man .
Have you ever seen a movie called ?
You may find moral ambiguity in American novels , but not in movies .
The good guys are clear - cut ; the bad guys are evil , and kill dogs , too .
The portrait of religion is laudatory , from Gandhi to Narnia to Star Wars to Cecil B. DeMille .
In the movies , the skeptic is always wrong : the character who suggests that nothing supernatural is going on will be at best mocked , and at worst eaten .
is laudatory , from to to to Cecil B. DeMille .
In the movies , the skeptic is always wrong : the character who suggests that nothing supernatural is going on will be at best mocked , and at worst eaten .
Like a Republican president , Hollywood likes to have a few safe black folks along , but generally figures they 're only good for violence .
The movies ' idea of a great black hero is the firebrand Malcolm X , not the liberating preacher Martin Luther King .
It 's assumed that no foreigner has an interesting story of their own .
Whether it 's Out of Africa or The Year of Living Dangerously , foreign tribulations are served up with white American protagonists .
or , foreign tribulations are served up with white American protagonists .
Government officials are almost always figures of ridicule , if not sinister manipulators .
You 're not going to see a movie glorifying Social Security or even the Peace Corps .
My overall impression is that the movie gets things about 80 % right .
It 's definitely a version of the book , properly charming and scary in the right places , and thankfully they did n't go and add extra Jesus to it .
Lucy seems a little young for the role ( or else Edmund is too old - - they 're only supposed to be a year apart ) , but she has a wonderful smile .
Of course there 's a hidden message to the movie , one which however many kids wo n't get and which you may ignore if you can : the voice of Aslan will go on to ask people about sex and betray Batman .
The bits the movie gets wrong mostly relate to the kids .
There 's the nasty idea , which we could blame on those moralizing Christians if it did n't also possess George Lucas , that Great Evil is foreshadowed by bickering and acts of childish rebellion .
And whose idea of affectionate banter is " Why do n't you do as you 're told ? " James Dobson's ?
The interview with the professor fulfills its plot functions , but screws up Lewis 's theology and morality both , quite an achievement for a minute of screen time .
They do get across the idea that Lucy is a truthful child and therefore likely to still be truthful ; they miss the reference to Lewis 's argument for Jesus : that he is either a madman , a liar , or telling the truth , and he does n't act at all like either of the first two .
The professor also points out that a small child would be unlikely to invent the time discrepancy between Narnia and Earth .
Neither argument is necessarily ironclad , but they make the difference between a character who is actually intelligent , and one who just intones " logically " as a catch - phrase .
The scene ends in both book and movie with a bit of moralizing : in the movie it 's " You 're a family , why not act as one ? " ; in the book it 's " Mind your own business . "
The difference is crucial , and tells me that the filmmakers just did n't quite get Lewis .
Lewis is not at all out to reinforce Family Values -- or if he is , they 're a subtler set than the conventionality and obedience the Dobson crowd approves of .
Lewis 's secret is that he is inclusive where too many of his readers are closed down and hostile .
His version of Christianity is attractive precisely because it does n't ask you to leave your intelligence , your pagan inheritance , and your sense of fantasy at the door .
Narnia is liberating and a little subversive ...
I wonder if the churches will enjoy Dionysus and the Bacchae in the next film .
Fortunately the plot remains Lewis's , and the movie gets back on track .
Still , I miss the sensuousness of the books .
Lewis is very vivid on what it feels like to be in Narnia -- what the food tastes like , what it 's like to bury your face in Aslan 's mane -- and full of useful little tidbits like why burning brands do n't make good torches .
The movie is good at the sense - o - wonder thing , but only intermittently captures Lewis 's down - to - earthness .
Bits of the movie are probably unclear if you have n't read the book ... e.g. , I think you could easily miss the fact that Edmund breaks the staff the Witch uses to turn people to stone .
Something which has always fascinated me is the strange double lives the Pevensies lived -- growing up twice , once in Narnia and once on Earth .
Lewis suggests that they forget much of their life in the other world , but he also has them remembering a good deal of it .
Did England often seem strange to them ?
Did they negotiate the trials of adolescence better the second time through ?
I 've had a suspicion for a while that despite the astonishing success of the first generation of computer scientists like Shannon , Turing , von Neumann , and Wiener , somehow they did n't get a few important starting points quite right , and some things in the foundations of computer science are fundamentally askew .
WHY GORDIAN SOFTWARE HAS CONVINCED ME TO BELIEVE IN THE REALITY OF CATS AND APPLES [ 11.19.03 ]
A Talk with Jaron Lanier The Reality Club : Responses by Dylan Evans , Daniel C. Dennett , Steve Grand , Nicholas Humphrey , Clifford Pickover , Marvin Minsky , Lanier replies , George Dyson , Steven R. Quartz , Lee Smolin , Charles Simonyi , John Smart , Daniel C. Dennett , Dylan Evans
Jaron Lanier Video DSL + | Modem Introduction
In September , 2000 , Jaron Lanier , a pioneer in virtual reality , musician , and the lead scientist for the National Tele - Immersion Initiative , weighed forth on Edge against " cybernetic totalism " .
" For the last twenty years , " he wrote , in his " Half a Manifesto " ( Edge # 74 ) , " I have found myself on the inside of a revolution , but on the outside of its resplendent dogma .
Now that the revolution has not only hit the mainstream , but bludgeoned it into submission by taking over the economy , it 's probably time for me to cry out my dissent more loudly than I have before . "
In his manifesto , he took on those " who seem to not have been educated in the tradition of scientific skepticism .
I understand why they are intoxicated .
There is a compelling simple logic behind their thinking and elegance in thought is infectious . "
" There is a real chance , " he continued , " that evolutionary psychology , artificial intelligence , Moore 's Law fetishizing , and the rest of the package , will catch on in a big way , as big as Freud or Marx did in their times .
Or bigger , since these ideas might end up essentially built into the software that runs our society and our lives .
If that happens , the ideology of cybernetic totalist intellectuals will be amplified from novelty into a force that could cause suffering for millions of people . "
" Half a Manifesto " caused a stir , was one of Edge 's most popular features , and has been widely reprinted .
Lately , Lanier has been looking at trends in software , and he does n't like what he sees , namely " a macabre parody of Moore 's Law " .
In this feature , which began as a discussion at a downtown New York restaurant last year , he continues his challenge to the ideas of philosopher Daniel C. Dennett , and raises the ante by taking issue with the seminal work in information theory and computer science of Claude Shannon , Alan Turing , John von Neumann , and Norbert Wiener .
— JB JARON LANIER , a computer scientist and musician , is a pioneer of virtual reality , and founder and former CEO of VPL .
He is currently the lead scientist for the National Tele - Immersion Initiative , and visiting scientist , SGI .
Jaron Lanier 's Edge Bio Page WHY GORDIAN SOFTWARE HAS CONVINCED ME TO BELIEVE IN THE REALITY OF CATS AND APPLES ( JARON LANIER ) :
There was a breathtaking moment at the birth of computer science and information theory in the mid-20th century when the whole field was small enough that it could be kept in one 's head all at once .
There also just happened to be an extraordinary generation of brilliant people who , in part because of the legacy of their importance to the military in World War II , were given a lot of latitude to play with these ideas .
People like Shannon , Turing , von Neumann , Wiener , and a few others had an astonishing combination of breadth and depth that 's humbling to us today - practically to the point of disorientation .
It 's almost inconceivable that people like Wiener and von Neumann could have written the books of philosophy that they did while at the same time achieving their technical heights .
This is something that we can aspire to but will probably never achieve again .
What 's even more humbling , and in a way terrifying , is that despite this stellar beginning and the amazing virtuosity of these people , something has n't gone right .
We clearly have proven that we know how to make faster and faster computers ( as described by Moore 's Law ) , but that is n't the whole story , alas .
Software remains disappointing as we try to make it grow to match the capability of hardware .
If you look at trends in software , you see a macabre parody of Moore 's Law .
The expense of giant software projects , the rate at which they fall behind schedule as they expand , the rate at which large projects fail and must be abandoned , and the monetary losses due to unpredicted software problems are all increasing precipitously .
Of all the things you can spend a lot of money on , the only things you expect to fail frequently are software and medicine .
That 's not a coincidence , since they are the two most complex technologies we try to make as a society .
Still , the case of software seems somehow less forgivable , because intuitively it seems that as complicated as it's gotten lately , it still exists at a much lower order of tangledness than biology .
Since we make it ourselves , we ought to be able to know how to engineer it so it does n't get quite so confusing .
I 've had a suspicion for a while that despite the astonishing success of the first generation of computer scientists like Shannon , Turing , von Neumann , and Wiener , somehow they did n't get a few important starting points quite right , and some things in the foundations of computer science are fundamentally askew .
In a way I have no right to say this and it would be more appropriate to say it once I 've actually got something to take its place , so let me just emphasize that this is speculative .
But where might things have gone wrong ?
The leaders of the first generation were influenced by the metaphor of the electrical communications devices that where in use in their lifetimes , all of which centered on the sending of signals down wires .
This started , oddly enough , with predecessors of the fax machine , continuing in a much bigger way to the telegraph , which turned into the telephone , and then proceeded with devices that carry digital signals that were only machine readable .
Similarly , radio and television signals were designed to be relayed to a single wire even if part of their passage was wireless .
All of us are guided by our metaphors , and our metaphors are created by the world around us , so it 's understandable that signals on wires would become the central metaphor of their day .
If you model information theory on signals going down a wire , you simplify your task in that you only have one point being measured or modified at a time at each end .
It 's easier to talk about a single point in some ways , and in particular it 's easier to come up with mathematical techniques to perform analytic tricks .
At the same time , though , you pay by adding complexity at another level , since the only way to give meaning to a single point value in space is time .
You end up with information structures spread out over time , which leads to a particular set of ideas about coding schemes in which the sender and receiver have agreed on a temporal syntactical layer in advance .
If you go back to the original information theorists , everything was about wire communication .
We see this , for example , in Shannon 's work .
The astonishing bridge that he created between information and thermodynamics was framed in terms of information on a wire between a sender and a receiver .
This might not have been the best starting point .
It 's certainly not a wrong starting point , since there 's technically nothing incorrect about it , but it might not have been the most convenient or cognitively appropriate starting point for human beings who wished to go on to build things .
The world as our nervous systems know it is not based on single point measurements , but on surfaces .
Put another way , our environment has not necessarily agreed with our bodies in advance on temporal syntax .
Our body is a surface that contacts the world on a surface .
For instance , our retina sees multiple points of light at once .
We 're so used to thinking about computers in the same light as was available at the inception of computer science that it's hard to imagine an alternative , but an alternative is available to us all the time in our own bodies .
Indeed the branches of computer science that incorporated interactions with the physical world , such as robotics , probably wasted decades trying to pretend that reality could be treated as if it were housed in a syntax that could be conveniently encoded on a wire .
Traditional robots converted the data from their sensors into a temporal stream of bits .
Then the robot builders would attempt to find the algorithms that matched the inherent protocol of these bits .
Progress was very , very slow .
The latest better robots tend to come from people like Ron Fearing and his physiologist cohort Bob Full at Berkeley who describe their work as " biomimetic " .
They are building champion robots that in some cases could have been built decades ago were it not for the obsession with protocol - centric computer science .
A biomimetic robot and its world meet on surfaces instead of at the end of a wire .
Biomimetic robots even treat the pliability of their own building materials as an aspect of computation .
That is , they are made internally of even more surfaces .
With temporal protocols , you can have only one of point of information that can be measured in a system at a time .
You have to set up a temporal hierarchy in which the bit you measure at a particular time is meaningful based on " when " in a hierarchy of contexts you happen to occupy when you read the bit .
You stretch information out in time and have past bits give context to future bits in order to create a coding scheme .
This is the preferred style of classical information theory from the mid-twentieth century .
Note that this form of connection occurs not only between computers on the internet , but in a multitude of internal connections between parts of a program .
When someone says a piece of software is " Object oriented " , that means that the bits traveling on the many , many virtual wires inside the program are interpreted in a particular way .
Roughly speaking , they are verb - like messages being sent to noun- like destinations , while the older idea was to send noun - like messages to verb - like destinations .
But fundamentally the new and old ideas are similar in that they are simulations of vast tangles of telegraph wires .
The alternative , in which you have a lot of measurements available at one time on a surface , is called pattern classification .
In pattern classification a bit is given meaning at least in part by other bits measured at the same time .
Natural neural systems seem to be mostly pattern recognition oriented and computers as we know them are mostly temporal protocol adherence - oriented .
The distinction between protocols and patterns is not absolute - one can in theory convert between them .
But it 's an important distinction in practice , because the conversion is often beyond us , either because we do n't yet know the right math to use to accomplish it , or because it would take humongous hypothetical computers to the job .
In order to keep track of a protocol you have to devote huge memory and computational resources to representing the protocol rather than the stuff of ultimate interest .
This kind of memory use is populated by software artifacts called data - structures , such as stacks , caches , hash tables , links and so on .
They are the first objects in history to be purely syntactical .
As soon as you shift to less temporally - dependent patterns on surfaces , you enter into a different world that has its own tradeoffs and expenses .
You 're trying to be an ever better guesser instead of a perfect decoder .
You probably start to try to guess ahead , to predict what you are about to see , in order to get more confident about your guesses .
You might even start to apply the guessing method between parts of your own guessing process .
You rely on feedback to improve your guesses , and in that there 's a process that displays at least the rudiments of evolutionary self - improvement .
Since the first generation of computer scientists liked to anthropomorphize computers ( something I dislike ) , they used the word " memory " to describe their stacks and pointers , but neurological memory is probably more like the type of internal state I have just described for pattern - sensitive machines .
Computational neuroscientists sometimes argue about how to decide when to call such internal state a " model " of the world , but whether it 's a model or not , it 's different than the characteristic uses of memory for protocol - driven software .
Pattern - guessing memory use tends to generate different kinds of errors , which is what 's most important to notice .
When you de-emphasize protocols and pay attention to patterns on surfaces , you enter into a world of approximation rather than perfection .
With protocols you tend to be drawn into all - or - nothing high wire acts of perfect adherence in at least some aspects of your design .
Pattern recognition , in contrast , assumes the constant minor presence of errors and does n't mind them .
My hypothesis is that this trade - off is what primarily leads to the quality I always like to call brittleness in existing computer software , which means that it breaks before it bends .
Of course we try to build some error - tolerance into computer systems .
For instance , the " TCP " part of TCP / IP is the part that re-sends bits if there 's evidence a bit might not have made it over the net correctly .
That 's a way of trying to protect one small aspect of a digital design from the thermal reality it 's trying to resist .
But that 's only the easiest case , where the code is assumed to be perfect , so that it 's easy to tell if a transmission was faulty .
If you 're worried that the code itself might also be faulty ( and in large programs it always is ) , then error correction can lead to infinite regresses , which are the least welcome sort of error when it comes to developing information systems .
In the domain of multi- point surface sampling you have only a statistical predictability rather than an at least hypothetically perfect planability .
I say " hypothetically " , because for some reason computer scientists often seem unable to think about real computers as we observe them , rather than the ideal computers we wish we could observe .
Evolution has shown us that approximate systems ( living things , particularly those with nervous systems ) can be coupled to feedback loops that improve their accuracy and reliability .
They can become very good indeed .
Would n't it be nicer to have a computer that 's almost completely reliable almost all the time , as opposed to one that can be hypothetically perfectly accurate , in some hypothetical ideal world other than our own , but in reality is prone to sudden , unpredictable , and often catastrophic failure in actual use ?
The reason we 're stuck on temporal protocols is probably that information systems do meet our expectations when they are small .
They only start to degrade as they grow .
So everyone 's learning experience is with protocol - centric information systems that function properly and meet their design ideals .
This was especially true of the second generation of computer scientists , who for the first time could start to write more pithy programs , even though those programs were still small enough not to cause trouble .
Ivan Sutherland , the father of computer graphics , wrote a program in the mid 1960s called " Sketchpad " all by himself as a student .
In it he demonstrated the first graphics , continuous interactivity , visual programming , and on and on .
Most computer scientists regard Sketchpad as the most influential program ever written .
Every sensitive younger computer scientist mourns the passing of the days when such a thing was possible .
By the 1970s , Seymour Papert had even small children creating little programs with graphical outputs in his computer language " LOGO " .
The operative word is " little . "
The moment programs grow beyond smallness , their brittleness becomes the most prominent feature , and software engineering becomes Sisyphean .
Computer scientists hate , hate thinking about the loss of idealness that comes with scale .
But there it is .
We 've been able to tolerate the techniques developed at tiny scales to an extraordinary degree , given the costs , but at some future scale we 'll be forced to re-think things .
It 's amazing how static the basic ideas of software have been since the period of late 1960s into the mid 1970s .
We refuse to grow up , as it were .
I must take a moment to rant about one thing .
Rebellious young programmers today often devote their energies to recreating essentially old code ( Unix components or Xerox PARC - style programs ) in the context of the free software movement , and I do n't dismiss that kind of idealism at all .
But it is n't enough .
An even more important kind of idealism is to question the nature of that very software , and in that regard the younger generations of computer scientists seem to me to be strangely complacent .
Given how brittle our real - world computer systems get when they get big , there 's an immediate motivation to explore any alternative that might make them more reliable .
I 've suggested that we call the alternative approach to software that I 've outlined above " Phenotropic . "
Pheno - refers to outward manifestations , as in phenotype .
- Tropic originally meant " Turning , " but has come to mean " Interaction . "
So Phenotropic means " The interaction of surfaces . "
It 's not necessarily biomimetic , but who 's to say , since we do n't understand the brain yet .
My colleague Christoph von der Marsburg , a neuroscientist of vision , has founded a movement called " Biological Computing " which exists mostly in Europe , and is more explicitly biomimetic , but is essentially similar to what some of us are calling " Phenotropics " here in the States .
There are two sides to Phenotropic investigation , one concerned with engineering and the other with scientific and philosophical explorations .
I suppose that the software engineering side of Phenotropics might seem less lofty or interesting , but software engineering is the empirical foundation of computer science .
You should always resist the illusory temptations of a purely theoretical science , of course .
Computer science is more vulnerable to these illusions than other kinds of science , since it has been constrained by layers of brittle legacy code that preserve old ideas at the expense of new ones .
My engineering concern is to try to think about how to build large systems out of modules that do n't suffer as terribly from protocol breakdown as existing designs do .
The goal is to have all of the components in the system connect to each other by recognizing and interpreting each other as patterns rather than as followers of a protocol that is vulnerable to catastrophic failures .
One day I 'd like to build large computers using pattern classification as the most fundamental binding principle , where the different modules of the computer are essentially looking at each other and recognizing states in each other , rather than adhering to codes in order to perfectly match up with each other .
My fond hope , which remains to be tested , is that by building a system like this I can build bigger and more reliable programs than we know how to build otherwise .
That 's the picture from an engineering point of view .
In the last few years I 've been looking for specific problems that might yield to a phenotropic approach .
I 've always been interested in surgical simulations .
Two decades ago I collaborated with Dr. Joe Rosen , then of Stanford , now of Dartmouth , and Scott Fisher , then of NASA , now at USC , on the first surgical Virtual Reality simulation .
It 's been delightful to see surgical simulation improve over the years .
It 's gotten to the point where it can demonstrably improve outcomes .
But the usual problems of large software plague it , as one might expect .
We can't write a big enough program of any kind to write the big programs we need to for future surgical simulations .
One example of pattern recognition that I 've found to be particularly inspiring came about via my colleague Christoph von der Marsburg , and some of his former students , especially Hartmut Neven .
We all started to work together back when I was working with Tele - immersion and Internet2 .
I was interested in how to transfer the full three - dimensional facial features of someone from one city to another with low bandwidth in order to create the illusion ( using fancy 3D displays ) that the remote person was present in the same room .
We used some visual pattern recognition techniques to derive points on a face , and tied these to a 3D avatar of the person on the other side .
( An avatar is what a person looks like to others in Virtual Reality . )
As luck would have it , a long time collaborator of mine named Young Harvil had been building fine quality avatar heads , so we could put this together fairly easily .
It was super !
You 'd see this head that looked like a real person that also moved properly and conveyed expressions remarkably well .
If you 've seen the movie " Simone " you 've seen a portrayal of a similar system .
Anyway , the face tracking software works really well .
But how does it work ?
You start with an image from a camera .
Such an image is derived from the surface of a light - sensitive chip which makes a bunch of simultaneous adjacent measurements , just like a surface in a phenotropic system .
The most common way to analyze this kind of surface information is to look at its spectrum .
To do this , you make a virtual prism in software , using a mathematical technique first described two centuries ago by the great mathematician Fourier , and break the pattern into a virtual rainbow of spread - out subsignals of different colors or frequencies .
But alas , that is n't enough to distinguish images .
Even though a lot of images would break up into distinguishable rainbows because of the different distribution of colors present in them , you could easily be unlucky and have two different pictures that produced identical rainbows through a prism .
So what to do ?
You have to do something more to get at the layout of an image in space , and the techniques that seem to work best are based on " Wavelets , " which evolved out of Dennis Gabor 's work when he invented Holograms in the 1940s .
Imagine that instead of one big prism breaking an image into a rainbow , you looked at the image through a wall of glass bricks , each of which was like a little blip of a prism .
Well , there would be a lot of different sizes of glass bricks , even though they 'd all have the same shape .
What would happen is some of the individual features of the image , like the corner of your left eye , would line up with particular glass bricks of particular sizes .
You make a list of these coincidences .
You 've now broken the image apart into pieces that capture some information about the spatial structure .
It turns out that the human visual system does something a little like this , starting in the retina and most probably continuing in the brain .
But we 're not done .
How do you tell whether this list of glass bricks corresponds to a face ?
Well , of course what you do is build a collection of lists of bricks that you already know represent faces , or even faces of specific individuals , including how the features matching the bricks should be positioned relative to each other in space ( so that you can rule out the possibility that the corner of your left eye could possibly occur at the end of your nose , for instance . )
Once you have that collection , you can compare known glass brick breakdowns against new ones coming in from the camera and tell when you 're looking at a face , or even a specific person 's face .
This turns out to work pretty well .
Remember when I mentioned that once you start to think Phenotropically , you might want to try to predict what the pattern you think you 've recognized is about to look like , to test your hypothesis ?
That 's another reason I wanted to apply this technique to controlling avatar heads .
If you find facial features using the above technique and use the results to re-animate a face using an avatar head , you ought to get back something that looks like what the camera originally saw .
Beyond that , you ought to be able to use the motion of the head and features to predict what 's about to happen - not perfectly , but reasonably well - because each element of the body has a momentum just like a car .
And like a car , what happens next is constrained not only by the momentum , but also by things you can know about mechanical properties of the objects involved .
So a realistic enough avatar can serve as a tool for making predictions , and you can use the errors you discover in your predictions to tune details in your software .
As long as you set things up efficiently , so that you can choose only the most important details to tune in this way , you might get a tool that improves itself automatically .
This idea is one we 're still testing ; we should know more about it within a couple of years .
If I wanted to treat computers anthropomorphically , like so many of my colleagues , I 'd call this " artificial imagination . "
Just as in the case of robotics , which I mentioned earlier , it 's conceivable that workable techniques in machine vision could have appeared much earlier , but computer science was seduced by its protocol - centric culture into trying the wrong ideas again and again .
It was hoped that a protocol existed out there in nature , and all you had to do was write the parser ( an interpreter of typical hierarchical protocols ) for it .
There are famous stories of computer science graduate students in the 1960s being assigned projects of finding these magic parsers for things like natural language or vision .
It was hoped that these would be quick single - person jobs , just like Sketchpad .
Of course , the interpretation of reality turned out to require a completely different approach from the construction of small programs .
The open question is what approach will work for large programs .
A fully phenotropic giant software architecture might consist of modules with user interfaces that can be operated either by other modules or by people .
The modules would be small and simple enough that they could be reliably made using traditional techniques .
A user interface for a module would remain invisible unless a person wanted to see it .
When one module connects to another , it would use the same techniques a biomimetic robot would use to get around in the messy , unpredictable physical world .
Yes , a lot of computer power would go into such internal interfaces , but whether that should be thought of as wasteful or not will depend on whether the improvement I hope to see really does appear when phenotropic software gets gigantic .
This experiment will take some years to conduct .
Let 's turn to some philosophical implications of these ideas .
Just as computer science has been infatuated with the properties of tiny programs , so has philosophy been infatuated by the properties of early computer science .
Back in the 1980s I used to get quite concerned with mind - body debates .
One of the things that really bothered me at that time was that it seemed to me that there was an observer problem in computer science .
Who 's to say that a computer is present ?
To a Martian , would n't a Macintosh look like a lava lamp ?
It 's a thing that puts out heat and makes funny patterns , but without some cultural context , how do you even know it 's a computer ?
If you say that a brain and a computer are in the same ontological category , who is recognizing either of them ?
Some people argue that computers display certain kinds of order and predictability ( because of their protocol - centricity ) and could therefore be detected .
But the techniques for doing this would n't work on a human brain , because it does n't operate by relying on protocols .
So how could they work on an arbitrary or alien computer ?
I pushed that question further and further .
Some people might remember the " rain drops " argument .
Sometimes it was a hailstorm , actually .
The notion was to start with one of Daniel C. Dennett 's thought experiments , where you replace all of your neurons one by one with software components until there are no neurons left to convert .
At the end you have a computer program that has your whole brain recorded , and that 's supposed to be the equivalent of you .
Then , I proposed , why do n't we just measure the trajectories of all of the rain drops in a rain storm , using some wonderful laser technology , and fill up a data base until we have as much data as it took to represent your brain .
Then , conjure a gargantuan electronics shopping mall that has on hand every possible microprocessor up to some large number of gates .
You start searching through them until you find all the chips that happen to accept the rain drop data as a legal running program of one sort or another .
Then you go through all the chips which match up with the raindrop data as a program and look at the programs they run until you find one that just happens to be equivalent to the program that was derived from your brain .
Have I made the raindrops conscious ?
That was my counter thought experiment .
Both thought experiments relied on absurd excesses of scale .
The chip store would be too large to fit in the universe and the brain would have taken a cosmologically long time to break down .
The point I was trying to get across was that there 's an epistemological problem .
Another way I approached the same question was to say , if consciousness were missing from the universe , how would things be different ?
A range of answers is possible .
The first is that nothing would be different , because consciousness was n't there in the first place .
This would be Dan Dennett 's response ( at least at that time ) , since he would get rid of ontology entirely .
The second answer is that the whole universe would disappear because it needed consciousness .
That idea was characteristic of followers of some of John Archibald Wheeler 's earlier work , who seemed to believe that consciousness plays a role in keeping things afloat by taking the role of the observer in certain quantum - scale interactions .
Another answer would be that the consciousness - free universe would be similar but not identical , because people would get a little duller .
That would be the approach of certain cognitive scientists , suggesting that consciousness plays a specific , but limited practical function in the brain .
And then there 's another answer , which initially might sound like Dennett 's : that if consciousness were not present , the trajectories of all particles would remain identical .
Every measurement you could make in the universe would come out identically .
However , there would be no " gross " , or everyday objects .
There would be neither apples nor houses , nor brains to perceive them .
Neither would there be words or thoughts , though the electrons and chemical bonds that would otherwise comprise them would remain the just the same as before .
There would only be the particles that make up everyday things , in exactly the same positions they would otherwise occupy .
In other words , consciousness is an ontology that is overlaid on top of these particles .
If there were no consciousness the universe would be perfectly described as being nothing but particles .
Here 's an even clearer example of this point of view :
There 's no reason for the present moment to exist except for consciousness .
Why bother with it ?
Why can we talk about a present moment ?
What does it mean ?
It 's just a marker of this subjectivity , this overlaid ontology .
Even though we can't specify the present moment very well , because of the spatial distribution of the brain , general relativity , and so on , the fact that we can refer to it even approximately is rather weird .
It must mean the universe , or at least some part of it , like a person , is " doing something " in order to distinguish the present moment from other moments , by being conscious or embracing non-determinism in some fundamental way .
I went in that direction and became mystical about everyday objects .
From this point of view , the extremes of scale are relatively pedestrian .
Quantum mechanics is just a bunch of rules and values , while relativity and cosmology are just a big metric you live on , but the in - between zone is where things get weird .
An apple is bizarre because there 's no structure to make the apple be there ; only the particles that comprise it should be present .
Same for your brain .
Where does the in - between , everyday scale come from ?
Why should it be possible to refer to it at all ?
As pattern recognition has started to work , this comfortable mysticism has been challenged , though perhaps not fatally .
An algorithm can now recognize an apple .
One part of the universe ( and it 's not even a brain ) can now respond to another part in terms of everyday gross objects like apples .
Or is it only mystical me who can interpret the interaction in that light ?
Is it still possible to say that fundamental particles simply move in their courses and there was n't necessarily an apple or a computer or a recognition event ?
Of course , this question is n't easy to answer !
Here 's one way to think about it .
Let 's suppose we want to think of nature as an information system .
The first question you 'd ask is how it 's wired together .
One answer is that all parts are consistently wired to each other , or uniformly influential to all others .
I 've noticed a lot of my friends and colleagues have a bias to want to think this way .
For instance , Stephen Wolfram 's little worlds have consistent bandwidths between their parts .
A very different example comes from Seth Lloyd and his " ultimate laptop , " in which he thought of various pieces of physicality ( including even a black hole ) as if they were fundamentally doing computation and asked how powerful these purported computers might be .
But let 's go back to the example of the camera and the apple .
Suppose poor old Shroedinger 's Cat has survived all the quantum observation experiments but still has a taste for more brushes with death .
We could oblige it by attaching the cat - killing box to our camera .
So long as the camera can recognize an apple in front of it , the cat lives .
What 's interesting is that what 's keeping this cat alive is a small amount of bandwidth .
It 's not the total number photons hitting the camera that might have bounced off the apple , or only the photons making it through the lens , or the number that hit the light sensor , or even the number of bits of the resulting digitized image .
Referring to the metaphor I used before , it 's the number of glass bricks in the list that represents how an apple is recognized .
We could be talking about a few hundred numbers , maybe less , depending on how well we represent the apple .
So there 's a dramatic reduction in bandwidth between the apple and the cat .
I always liked Bateson 's definition of information : " A difference that makes a difference . "
It 's because of that notion of information that we can talk about the number of bits in a computer in the way we usually do instead of the stupendously larger number of hypothetical measurements you could make of the material comprising the computer .
It 's also why we can talk about the small number of bits keeping the cat alive .
Of course if you 're a mystic when it comes to everyday - scale objects , you 're still not convinced there ever was a cat or a computer .
But it might be harder for a mystic to dismiss the evolution of the cat .
One of the problems with , say , Wolfram 's little worlds is that all the pieces stay uniformly connected .
In evolution as we have been able to understand it , the situation is different .
You have multiple agents that remain somewhat distinct from one another long enough to adapt and compete with one another .
So if we want to think of nature as being made of computation , we ought to be able to think about how it could be divided into pieces that are somewhat causally isolated from one another .
Since evolution has happened , it would seem our universe supports that sort of insulation .
How often is the " causal bandwidth " between things limited , and by how much ?
This is starting to sound a little like a phenotropic question !
One possibility is that when computer science matures , it 's also going to be the physics of everyday - sized objects that influence each other via limited information flows .
Of course , good old Newton might seem to have everyday - sized objects covered already , but not in the sense I 'm proposing here .
Every object in a Newtonian model enjoys consistent total bandwidth with every other object , to the dismay of people working on n-body problems .
This is the famous kind of problem in which you try to predict the motions of a bunch of objects that are tugging on one another via gravity .
It 's a notoriously devilish problem , but from an information flow point of view all n of the bodies are part of one object , albeit a generally inscrutable one .
They only become distinct ( and more often predictable ) when the bandwidth of causally relevant information flow between them is limited .
N - body problems usually concern gravity , in which everything is equally connected to everything , while the atoms in an everyday object are for the most part held together by chemistry .
The causal connections between such objects is often limited .
They meet at surfaces , rather than as wholes , and they have interior portions that are somewhat immune to influence .
There are a few basic ideas in physics that say something about how the universe is wired , and one of them is the Pauli exclusion principle , which demands that each fermion occupy a unique quantum niche .
Fermions are the particles like electrons and protons that make up ordinary objects , and the Pauli rule forces them into structures .
Whenever you mention the Pauli principle to a good physicist , you 'll see that person get a misty , introspective look and then say something like , Yes , this is the truly fundamental , under - appreciated idea in physics .
If you put a fermion somewhere , another fermion might be automatically whisked out of the way .
THAT one might even push another one out of its way .
Fermions live in a chess - like world , in which each change causes new structures to appear .
Out of these structures we get the solidity of things .
And limitations on causal connection between those things .
A chemist reading my account of doubting whether everyday objects are anything other than the underlying particles might say , " The boundary of an everyday object is determined by the frontier of the region with the strong chemical bonds . "
I do n't think that addresses the epistemological issue , but it does say something about information flow .
Software is frustratingly non-Fermionic , by the way .
When you put some information in memory , whatever might have been there before does n't automatically scoot out of the way .
This sad state of affairs is what software engineers spend most of their time on .
There is a hidden tedium going on inside your computer right now in which subroutines are carefully shuttling bit patterns around to simulate something like a Pauli principle so that the information retains its structure .
Pattern classification does n't avoid this problem , but it does have a way to sneak partially around it .
In classical protocol - based memory , you place syntax - governed bits into structures and then you have to search the structures to use the bits .
If you 're clever , you pre-search the structures like Google does to make things faster .
The memory structures created by biomimetic pattern classification , like the glass brick list that represents the apple , work a little differently .
You keep on fine tuning this list with use , so that it has been influenced by its past but does n't exhaustively record everything that 's happened to it .
So it just sits there and improves and does n't require as much bit shuttling .
The Pauli principle has been joined quite recently by a haunting new idea about the fundamental bandwidth between things called " Holography , " but this time the discovery came from studying cosmology and black holes instead of fundamental particles .
Holography is an awkward name , since it is only metaphorically related to Gabor 's holograms .
The idea is that the two - dimensional surface area surrounding a portion of a universe limits the amount of causal information , or information that can possibly matter , that can be associated with the volume inside the surface .
When an idea is about a limitation of a value , mathematicians call it a " bound " , and " holography " is the name of the bound that would cover the ultimate quantum gravity version of the information surface bound we already know about for sure , which is called the Bekenstein Bound .
In the last year an interesting variant has appeared called the Bousso Bound that seems to be even more general and spooky , but of course investigations of these bounds is limited by the state of quantum gravity theories ( or maybe vice versa ) , so we have to wait to see how this will all play out .
Even though these new ideas are still young and in flux , when you bring them up with a smart quantum cosmologist these days , you 'll see the same glassy - eyed reverence that used to be reserved for the Pauli principle .
As with the Pauli principle , holography tells you what the information flow rules are for hooking up pieces of reality , and as with Pauli exclusion , holography places limits on what can happen that end up making what does happen more interesting .
These new bounds are initially quite disturbing .
You'd think a volume would tell you how much information it could hold , and it 's strange to get the answer instead from the area of the surface that surrounds it .
( The amount of information is 1 / 4 the area in Planck units , by the way , which should sound familiar to people who have been following work on how to count entropy on the surfaces of black holes . )
Everyone is spooked by what Holography means .
It seems that a profoundly fundamental description of the cosmos might be in the terms of bandwidth - limiting surfaces .
It 's delightful to see cosmology taking on a vaguely phenotropic quality , though there is n't any indication as yet that holography will be relevant to information science on non-cosmological scales .
What can we say , then , about the bandwidth between everyday objects ?
As in the case of the apple - recognizing camera that keeps the cat alive , there might be only a small number of bits of information flow that really matter , even though there might be an incalculably huge number of measurements that could be made of the objects that are involved in the interaction .
A small variation in the temperature of a small portion of the surface of the apple will not matter , nor will a tiny spec of dirt on the lens of the camera , even though these would both be as important as any other measures of state in a fully - connected information system .
Stuart Kauffman had an interesting idea that I find moving .
He suggests that we think of a minimal life form as being a combination of a Carnot cycle and self - replication .
I do n't know if I necessarily agree with it , but it 's wonderful .
The Carnot cycle originally concerned the sequence in which temperature and pressure were managed in a steam engine to cause repeated motion .
One portion of the engine is devoted to the task of getting the process to repeat - and this might be called the regulatory element .
If you like , you can discern the presence of analogs to the parts of a Carnot cycle in all kinds of structures , not just in steam engines .
They can be found in cells , for instance .
The Carnot cycle is the basic building block of useful mechanisms in our thermal universe , including in living organisms .
But here 's what struck me .
In my search to understand how to think about the bandwidths connecting everyday objects it occurred to me that if you thought of dividing the universe into Carnot cycles , you 'd find the most causally important bandwidths in the couplings between some very specific places : the various regulatory elements .
Even if two observers might dispute how to break things down into Carnot cycles , it would be harder to disagree about where these regulatory elements were .
Why would that matter ?
Say you want to build a model of a cell .
Many people have built beautiful , big , complicated models of cells in computers .
But which functional elements do you care about ?
Where do you draw the line between elements ?
What 's your ontology ?
There 's never been any real principle .
It 's always just done according to taste .
And indeed , if you have different people look at the same problem and make models , they 'll generally come up with somewhat divergent ontologies based on their varying application needs , their biases , the type of software they 're working with , and what comes most easily to them .
The notions I 've been exploring here might provide at least one potential opening for thinking objectively about ontology in a physical system .
Such an approach might someday yield a generalized way to summarize causal systems - and this would fit in nicely with a phenotropic engineering strategy for creating simulations .
It 's this hope that has finally convinced me that I should perhaps start believing in everyday objects like cats and apples again .
· Report says 10 states not ready for electronic vote · Scientist hacks into new polling machine on TV
Six years after the emergence of the now infamous " hanging chad " in the 2000 presidential elections , monitoring groups warn that technological glitches and hackers could throw next month 's mid-term elections into chaos .
With polling day less than two weeks away , a report this week by electionline.org , a non-partisan organisation , anticipates problems at the ballot box in as many as 10 states .
" Machine failures , database delays and foul - ups , inconsistent procedures , new rules and new equipment have some predicting chaos at the polls at worst , and widespread polling place snafus at best , " the report says .
The mid-term elections will be the first national test of new voting procedures introduced in the aftermath of the 2000 election debacle in Florida , when it took a month of court challenges and recounts of punch - card ballots before George W Bush was declared to have won the state , and became president .
In the wake of that fiasco , Congress allotted $ 3.8 bn ( £ 2 bn ) to the states to modernise voting lists and replace the old - style punch - card systems with electronic voting machines by early 2006 .
Election officials in more than 30 states opted for touch - screen voting machines that use a series of prompts to guide voters through the ballot .
But the new machines have merely reawakened the old anxieties about miscounted votes and deliberate fraud .
In many states , voters will be casting their votes electronically for the first time .
The officials at the polling stations may be equally inexperienced , and because such workers are typically elderly and retired , critics say they may be particularly poorly equipped to deal with any technological problems .
Those concerns crystallised last month , when a Princeton professor of computer science , Edward Felton , and two colleagues managed to hack into a new electronic voting machine without detection and install a virus that could alter vote counts - and go on to infect a wider network of machines .
The exercise , which Mr Felton repeated on television , took about a minute to complete .
The manufacturers of the voting machine said Mr Felton had ignored newer software and security measures that safeguard against hacking .
However , vote monitoring organisations and computer scientists have grown increasingly wary about the new voting machines , especially those that do not leave a paper trail in case it is needed for future verification .
The rollout of the new systems has been far from smooth .
In Maryland , earlier this autumn , voting was delayed for hours across an entire county because election officials forgot to bring in the electronic cards that activate the touch - screen machines .
During the 2004 elections in North Carolina , polling officials failed to notice the constant flashing of a warning light on the voting machine indicating that its memory was full .
More than 4,400 votes were lost as the result of their inattention .
In that same election year , a software error in Texas polling stations led to a vote overcount , with 100,000 more votes registered than had been cast .
The Electionline study predicts 10 states could face similar fiascos this time around because of computer security , inexperienced or elderly poll workers , and a network of new regulations meant to prevent illegal immigrants from voting .
Over the period of the past six years , the number of states requiring voters to show identification before they are given a ballot has risen from just 11 states to 24 states this year .
The study said it anticipated problems in Arizona , Colorado , Connecticut , Florida , Indiana , Maryland , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania and Washington state .
It contains Lisp code for various applications which is : Common Lisp i.e. runs in ANSI Common Lisp implementations Free Software according to the Debian Free Software Guidelines ( e.g. licensed under GPL , LGPL , MIT or BSD licenses , or public domain ) Portable i.e. should be portable among CL implementations with low effort , and does not require modifications to the CL implementation itself Self - contained i.e. , does not require packages not in this repository Ready to use i.e. , runs out of the box in the Free CL implementations .
Gambling commission has come to currently announced new rules to be followed by online operators so that there can be fairer and safer gambling .
The new regulations published have opened consultation have the aim of ensuring that the operators can verify the age of customers together with their identity details very fast , and this will give the consumers the benefits they deserve .
Safer For Children
Till now , all online gambling businesses have about three days for carrying out the checks for age verifying .
Operators are not allowed to permit the customers to withdraw any winnings until they have confirmed their ages and their stakes are returned for the underage people .
However , so that children gambling risks are safe and well guarded , the newly introduced rules are for the sake of ensuring the operators are able to verify the age of customers before those customers are able to : deposit funds to their account , and to gambling using licenses either with free UK casino bonuses or bets , or their money .
Additionally , the commission insists the customer ’s age need to be verified so they can access versions of free - to - play on the websites of licensees .
Even if these games are not real gambling games since they do n’t have prizes with them , still they are not supposed to be permitted to children for playing .
Safer And Fairer
The commission had announced in 2018 March that there are online operators who treat customers very unfair since they were requesting other extra information the moment ’s customers were withdrawing their winnings .
Almost 15 % of these complaints were all concerning the licensees who never allowed their customers to have a free withdrawal of funds not if they have submitted their ID forms , which were not as per the rules .
Introduced rules demand that remote licensees do :
Be able to verify the name , date of birth , and address for the customer to gamble safely .
Ask for all available additional information for prompt verification
inform the customers all identity documents among other details needed before they deposit their funds .
They should also tell customers when such information is required and the methods of supplying the data into the licensee ’s hands .
Be reasonable in the steps they take so they can be sure all customers identity information is always accurate .
These new rules will help the operators to detect criminal and prevent any harm activities since they have all the information concerning their clients .
The changes will also mean all operators do n’t demand extra information from their customers like submitting forms of ID before they cash out money .
These changes are also able to increase the likelihood of anyone being identified may them attempt gambling as they are self - excluded .
The method equally operates to the own self - execution of the operator ’s schemes together with online multi-operators self - exclusion programs , which is the Gamstop .
When there is sufficient operators verification , then the customer who wo n’t be verified wo n’t be able to gamble only when they offer all correct needed details .
The details can be checked against the Gamstop verified data and own self - exclusion database of the operators .
The Chief Executive of the gambling commission Neil McArthur said that the new rules could protect the children together with the vulnerability of gambling harms .
It will also reduce crime risks that are related to gambling .
It will make fair gambling whereby the consumers will be helped to collect their winnings where no delays are involved .
Britain ’s Online Gambling is regarded as the largest market to be regulated in the world currently , and the commission is ensuring that it remains fair and safe .
The current changes affect the online gambling review together with the current regulatory widespread action towards the online market .
The market wil always use its powers so that consumers standards are raised .
The State ’s Digital , Media , Culture and Sport Secretary , Jeremy Wright said that The essential changes mean that operators need to confirm the age of a person before gambling and not after they do gamble .
There is an extra layer which is rightly added so that young people and children who want to gamble can be protected .
When the age rules verification is extended to free - to - play games , then there will be a very safe online environment being created for children , which will help in shutting down possible gateways towards any harm related to gambling — the new changes of rules introduced on May 7th .
There will be plan consultation being launched shortly by gambling commission so that the expectations can be made explicit on the ways of interacting with the customers that can be experiencing harms related to gambling .
It will also call for the evidence towards the usage of software about gambling blockage .
» Permanent link | |
This entry is a Japanese transration of Pete Lacey's " The S stands for Simple " .
Burton グループのアプリケーションプラットフォームサービスグループでは、
REST 派とSOAP 派の間でずっと継続中の議論がある。 その大部分は外部での議論によく似ている。 最近のやりとりの一つ、 SOAP と
Web サービスフレームワークの複雑さの議論で、
SOAP 側は 「 WS -* の前は 、SOAP は実際にシンプルだった。S はシンプルの略だ」といった。
さあ歴史を学ぼう 。 2000 年、悩める開発者が問題をかかえている。
開発者 : うちの上司が先週末ゴルフをやってきて、 いわゆる SOAP なエンタープライズをやる必用があるんです。 でも私は SOAP が何なのか知りません。 教えてもください、 SOAP の人 。
SOAP の人 : もちろんです。 まず 、SOAP は「 シンプル・オブジェクト・アクセス・プロトコル」の略なんです。
開発者 シンプルなんですね ?
SOAP の人 : 日曜日のようにシンプルですよ
開発者 オーケー、教えてください 。
SOAP の人 はい、その名前のとおり 、SOAP はリモートオブジェクトにアクセスするのに使います。
開発者 CORBA みたいなもの ?
SOAP の人 シンプルなこと以外はまさに CORBA に似ています。 ファイアーウォールを通過できない複雑なトランスポートプロトコルの代りにHTTP を使います。 そして、バイナリメッセージフォーマットの代りに XML を使うのです 。
開発者 面白いですね。どのように動作するのか教えてもらえますか ?
SOAP の人 もちろんです。 まず 、SOAP エンベロープというのがあります。 これは非常にシンプルです。 SOAP エンベロープはヘッダとボディで構成される XML 文書なんです。 そしてボディには RPC コールが書けます 。
開発者 SOAP は RPC なんですか ?
SOAP の人 そのとおりです。 さきほど述べた通り 、SOAP ボディにメソッド名と引数を埋め込むことで PRC コールが作れます。 メソッド名は一番外側の要素でその子要素がパラメータです。 そして全てのパラメータはこの仕様書の第5節の定義に従って型を持ちます。
開発者 ( 第5 節を読む ) オーケー、悪くないですね。
SOAP の人 そして、サービスを配備したら、エンドポイントを指定します。
開発者 エンドポイント ?
SOAP の人 エンドポイントはサービスのアドレスですよ .
SOAP エンベロープをエンドポイントの URL に POST するんです 。
開発者 エンドポイントの URL を GET したらどうなるんですか ?
SOAP の人 わかりません 。GET の利用は定義されていないんです 。
開発者 ふーむ。でももしサービスのエンドポイントを別のエンドポイントに移動したらどうなるんですか?
301 が返されるんですか ?
SOAP の人 違います 。SOAP は実際には HTTP のレスポンスコードは使っていないんです 。
開発者 つまり 、SOAP が HTTP を使っているというのは、 HTTP 上をトンネルしているという意味ですか ?
SOAP の人 はい、トンネルはちょっと悪い言葉ですけどね 。SOAP はトランスポートを意識しな い( transport agnostic ) と言った方が良いですね 。
開発者 でも HTTP はトランスポートじゃなくてアプリケーションプロトコルですよね。まあとにかく、SOAP がサポートしている他の 「 トランスポート」には何があるんですか?
SOAP の人 えーとですね、公式にはありません。 ただ、どんなトランスポートも潜在的にはサポート可能です。 そして 、JMS や FTP や SMTP をサポートしたプラットフォームがたくさんあります。
開発者 誰かそれらのトランスポートを使っている人はいるんですか ?
SOAP の人 うーん、いません。でも重要なのはそれができる、ってことなんですよ。
開発者 そうですか。ところでこの SOAPAction ヘッダというのは何のためにあるんですか ?
SOAP の人 正直に言えば、誰も知りません 。
開発者 じゃ、この " actor " とか " mustUnderstand " 属性というのは ?
誰かこれを使っている人はいますか?
SOAP の人 いいえ。誰も使ってません。とりあえず無視してください。
開発者 わかりました。やってみます 。
( 時間の経過 )
開発者 えーと、一つの SOAP スタック上だけでなら、だいたい動くようになりました。 あと RPC とオブジェクトのシリアライズはどうも好きになれません。
SOAP の人 RPC !
オブジェクトのシリアライズですって!
SOAP が RPC だなんてどこで影響を受けたんですか ?
SOAP はドキュメントベースのメッセージングですよ!
開発者 え、でもたしかあなたがそう …
SOAP の人 私が何て言ったかなんて忘れてください。 これからは 大粒度メッセージ をやりとりするんです。 いいでしょ ?
大粒度って言葉。 メッセージは XML スキーマに従ったものです。 この新しいスタイルは document / literal って言うんです。 あ、古いのは RPC / encoded ね。
開発者 XML スキーマ ?
SOAP の人 大流行してるんです。次はこれですよ。見てみてください。
開発者 ( XML スキーマ仕様を読む ) 。 天よ、お助けください !
アレクサンドロス大王でも解けないよ、こんなの。
SOAP の人 心配しないでください。ツールがあなたのためにスキーマを作ってくれるんです。本当ですよ。これは全部ツールがやってくれるんです。
開発者 ツールはどうやってスキーマを作るんですか ?
SOAP の人 はい、 ツール は ( 可能なら ) あなたのコードを反映したスキーマを自動的生成します。
開発者 私のコードを反映するんですか ?
オブジェクトのシリアライズではなくて、ドキュメントなんじゃないんですか?
SOAP の人 私の話を聞いてなかったんですか ?
全部ツールがやってくれるんです。 とにかく、あなたが手で XML スキーマ と WSDL ( ウィズドゥール ) を書くとは期待していません。さらに、これは配管工事なんです。これを見る必用はないんです。
開発者 ちょっとまったー。ウィズドゥール ? 何それ?
SOAP の人 あれ、まだ WSDL の説明をしてませんでしたっけ ?
ダブリュ・エス・ディー・エル、Web サービス記述言語です。 クライアント開発者がアクセスするサービスのデータ型やパラメータ、オペレーション名、トランスポートバインディング、エンドポイント
URI を指定できるんです。 ほら見てください 。
開発者 ( WSDL 仕様を読む ) これ書いたやつ逝ってよし。 内部矛盾してるよ。 あとこの HTTP GET バインディングって何さ。 GET は未定義じゃなかったの ?
SOAP の人 気にしないでください。 誰も使ってませんから。 とにかく、ツールが WSDL を生成してくれて 、WSDL に XML スキーマも含まれているんです 。
開発者 しかしそれは逆であるべきじゃないんですか ?
最初にコントラクトを設計してそれからコードを生成するべきではないんですか?
SOAP の人 はい、ええ、原理上はそうだと思います。 でも、それをやるのは簡単ではないんです。 それと WSDL を最初に作る開発手法をサポートしている SOAP スタックは少いんです。 それはツールにやらせてくださ い
開発者 もう一つ質問。 XML スキーマに適合したメッセージをやりとりするなら、 オペレーション名はどこで指定するんですか ?
SOAP の人 はい 、SOAPAction HTTP ヘッダは覚えておられますか ?
みんなそこにオペレーション名を書いています。
開発者 みんな ?
SOAP の人 はい、この新しいスタイルは実はまだどこにも記載されていないんです。
開発者 うーん おたくの業界はしょっちゅうあいまいで間違ってて確実に標準化されていない仕様で構築されてるのに注意しないとなー。 実際 、SOAP と WSDL 仕様はただ の
W3C Note であってワーキングドラフトでもないじゃないですか。
SOAP の人 今頑張っているところです 。
開発者 これで相互運用性が得られるんですか ?
約束してもらえますか ?
SOAP の人 もちろんです 。
開発者 試してみます 。
( 時間の経過 )
開発者 なんてこった。 俺のツールで生成した WSDL はお客様が使っているツールでは読み込めなかったよ。 それだけじゃない、スキーマはわけかわらないし再利用できないじゃないか。 それに SOAPAction ヘッダの扱いを合意しているツールなんてないみたいだし。
SOAP の人 御愁傷様です。 ただ救われるのは、もうだれも doc / lit スタイルを使っていないことです。 トランスポート独立にするために 、wrapped - doc / lit をみんな使っているところです。 wrapped - doc / lit ってかっこよくないですか ?
開発者 何それ ?
SOAP の人 はい、wrapped - doc / lit は doc / lit に似ているんですが、メッセージ全体をオペレーション名と同じ要素でラップするんです。 オペレーション名はメッセージに戻ってきました。
開発者 オーケイ、仕様はどこですか ?
SOAP の人 あ、仕様はありません。 これはマイクロソフトがやろうとしているらしいことです。 いいアイデアなので、賢い子たちはみんなこうやってますよ。 それに、新しい話もあるんです。きっと気に入ると思います。
Web Service Interoperability Group、またの名を WS - I って言うんです。 彼らがやろうとしているのは SOAP と WSDL 仕様のあいまいな部分をとりのぞくことです。 仕様がお好きなことは知ってますよ 。
開発者 それは言い換えると、仕様が非常に悪かったので、標準を標準化するための標準化団体が必用だったということですね。なんつーか。 で、WS - I は相互運用性問題を解決してくれるんですか ?
SOAP の人 ええ、そうです。 WS - I に適合した SOAP スタックを使って、 XML スキー マ
の80%を回避して、変なデータ型を使わずに、そして
WebSphere と Apache Axis での動作を考えなければね 。
開発者 つーか wrapped - doc / lit はそこで説明されてるんですか ?
SOAP の人 えー、されないです。 でも問題ないです。ツールは理解してくれますから。とにかく、ほとんどは。
開発者 まとめるとこうですか。 SOAP の定義は不安定で 、SOAP は全然シンプルじゃなくて、 それは全てのツールがまだしていることだけれど、 もはやオブジェクトにアクセスという意味はないってことですね。
SOAP の人 だいたい正しいです。 ただ我々は一歩先を行っています。 SOAP の略語の意味を廃止したんです 。
開発者 えー!
何の略になったんですか?
SOAP の人 何の略でもないんです 。
開発者 ( ﾟ Дﾟ ) ハア ?
SOAP の人 UDDI について説明させてもらえますか ?
Duncan Cragg の最近の REST / SOAP 関係のポスト に、対話形式を使うのを先を越されてしまった。 このうぬぼれはソクラテスの時代から使われてきたという事実を勇気を持つ材料にしよう。
ラベル : rest , soap , translations , ws - star , wsdl
The mysteries of wireless networking are many and arcane - ask anyone who 's tried to type in a WPA key from memory - so much so that D - Link has taken the decision to restrict Wi -Fi usage to admins only .
At least , that 's the way it looks to Reg reader Ross Smith .
He installed a D - Link DWL - G510 wireless LAN card in a machine destined for use in a branch office some five hours drive away , only to find when the remote site user logged in there was no connectivity .
Here 's the response he got from D - Link 's tech support :
" Unfortunately all users of the wireless card must have administrative accounts on the computer .
If they do not have administrative accounts they may connect to the wireless but after 1 minuet or less they will drop the wireless connection .
" We hope that this answers your question and that your request is now resolved . "
Mm , yes - so it 's a feature , not a bug ?
Hang on a moment , that 's just driven a coach and horses ( or possibly danced ) right through one of the most cherished tenets of PC security , which is that you only give users the access rights they need , and you most certainly do n't give admin rights to all and sundry .
But wait - there 's more .
Not only do you have to have admin rights to use the wireless LAN , but the access settings are stored per user , not per machine .
So as soon as a new user logs on - in your remote office , a 10 hour round trip away , for instance - they are disconnected from the network until they can enter their own network settings .
Nicely secure , but not as useful as it could be - and of course with the machine logged off the WLAN , there 's no way for an administrator to log in remotely to fix things .
We asked D - Link to find us a technical spokesperson to talk about the WLAN card in question , but several days later no - one had stepped up to the plate .
Our reader says it is the first D - Link product he's had that needed admin rights for drivers , and will very probably be the last .
" After all D - links recent problems ( hijacking time servers , denouncing the GPL ) , it looks like it's also given up on making decent quality kit , " he adds . ®
Haskellに登場するらしいモナドを少し勉強してみる。よくわからないが、試しにMaybeモナドをRubyで書いてみた。どこか間違えていると思うが、コードは下記。
class Maybe def Maybe.wrap ( value ) Maybe.new ( value ) end attr_accessor : value def initialize ( value ) @value = value end def pass if @value.nil ? Maybe.new ( nil ) else yield @value end end end def div6 ( x ) if x == 0 nil else 6 / x end end def inc ( x ) x + 1 end def normal_div6_inc(x ) rv = div6 ( x ) if rv inc ( x ) else nil end end def maybe_div6_inc( x ) Maybe.wrap ( div6 ( x ) ) .pass { |v| Maybe.wrap( inc( v ) ) }.value end p maybe_div6_inc( 2 ) # -> 4 p maybe_div6_inc(0 ) # -> nil
Maybeは実行が失敗し得る関数を合成する時に用いるらしい。上の例だと、div6は引数が0の場合、nilを返す。したがって、div6とinc合成する場合、if文による返り値のチェックが必要となる。この仕組みを抽象化してMaybeクラスに落とし込んでいる。
たしかに、関数合成を多用する関数言語では便利かも。
参考にしたページは下記。
http://moonbase.rydia.net/mental/writings/programming/monads-in-ruby/00introduction.html
http://howm.sourceforge.jp/cgi-bin/hiki/hiki.cgi?Monad
On Saturday November 4th , 2006 there was some civil disorder in centre of Moscow .
This day is some sort of Russia holiday devoted to some historical events of liberation of Russia from Polish and Swedish occupation back in medieval times .
So there were group of people who wanted to express their opinion about liberation of Russia nowadays from ethnic groups they consider to be enemies now occupying Russia .
Moscow authorities banned this events so everybody expressing his attitude on Saturday in the centre of Moscow were arrested .
You can see some photos from this event .
People were taken from streets .
Some witnesses say that anybody could be caught even without participating in expressing opinion action .
Moscow Police is not shy of the cameras .
Some streets were totally blocked .
She also participated .
Young guys in Russian police uniform are not very happy doing this .
But order is order .
Numerous army trucks were found on Saturday in centre of Moscow .
And regular army entered the city too .
In Russia army is compulsory for every guy at age eighteen , so no surprise that soldiers look so different .
This look like an attack .
Impossible to hide from all - seeing - eye of Moscow police .
This line is not for some exotic shop , it ’s people being caught on the street are now are being put into a truck and transported to police office .
There they would get a clarification that it ’s not a best thing in Russia to violate a prohibition of expressing their opinion .
If it is forbidden to express the opinion – you should not do it .
Army soldiers were also blocking streets .
No trespassing !
SURROUNDED by cornfields that stretch to the horizon , in a place where molehills pass for mesas , avid outdoorsman Don Briggs has long dreamed of climbing a mountain .
So he decided to build one .
Briggs spends most winter nights hosing down a quartet of grain silos on a friend ’s farm -- and relies on the Corn Belt ’s frigid temperatures to transform the water into frozen walls of ice that tower nearly 70 feet straight up .
By the time he ’s done , the ice encasing the outside of the silos is 4 feet thick in spots -- and ready for the onslaught of ice climbers drawn to this strange marriage of farming and extreme sports .
Advertisement
“ The word ‘ lunatic ’ was bandied about quite a bit .
Even my wife thought I was insane when I first told her I wanted to do this , ” said Briggs , 57 , a physical education instructor at the University of Northern Iowa .
“ To me , it made perfect sense .
The highest point in Iowa is going to be on top of a silo . ”
On a recent morning , Briggs walked up the gravel road that cuts through the farm , past the candy - cane - striped barn and battered green tractor .
Buttoning up his coat , he hunched his shoulders and tucked his gloved hands into pockets to shield them from the biting wind .
As he strode past a storage shed , Briggs glanced at a thermometer hanging on the metal siding .
It was 18 degrees -- in the sun .
He headed into the shade and stepped up to the base of the silos .
It was early in the season :
Only one of the concrete towers stayed cold enough to preserve the blue - toned glassy pillars and ornate icicle chandeliers .
Briggs greeted a group of fellow climbers huddled against a stack of hay bales and slipped a safety rope through a harness strapped around his waist .
( The rope is looped through a metal ring mounted at the top of the silo ; it snakes down to a climbing partner on the ground who controls its slack during the ascent and descent . )
Advertisement
Briggs clamped metal spikes onto his boots , picked up two ice axes and began to climb his “ mountain . ”
He plotted each move carefully , an analytic dance between an athlete and a crumbling , dripping , melting stage .
Slam ax , held in the right hand , into the ice above the head .
Step upward with the right foot , then the left .
Breathe .
Repeat the motion , now using the ax held in the left hand .
Sound easy ?
Try it on ice that ’s as polished as a mirror .
And consider this :
All that held the trim , 5 - foot - 7 man aloft were slender metal spikes on the tips of his toes and the two ax blades -- each about the length and width of a ruler .
Advertisement
Briggs squinted and spotted a small divot in the ice , a few feet to his left and no bigger than a dime .
It was a perfect spot to wedge the spikes on his boot tip .
He yanked one foot free and drove the metal spikes deep .
The ice crackled .
Like a spider web , dozens of fissures splintered the ice around his foot .
Exhaling deeply , he hefted his body upward .
The ice held .
Briggs grinned .
He pulled one of his axes free , found another gap above his head and swung the blade forward .
The ax landed with a thunk , skittered off the ice and bounced into the air .
A burst of wind sent Briggs slamming against the ice .
Dollar - bill sized chunks rained down on his face and battered his flesh .
Panting from exertion , Briggs kept going until -- 10 minutes later -- he reached the silo ’s dome .
Advertisement
“ Once you get to the top , the view is amazing , ” he said , after slowly rappelling back to the ground .
“ It feels like you can see the entire world . ”
Briggs climbs at least five times a week -- or as often as the weather allows .
Each climb is different , depending on the conditions of the ice .
An average ice climber can take 15 minutes or longer to traverse the wall .
Novices can take more than an hour , if they can reach the top at all .
Briggs has climbed the silos in as little as 3 minutes .
IT ’S not a cheap sport -- the gear alone can cost $ 1,000 or more .
But Briggs has stocked enough equipment at the farm for visitors to borrow , thanks to donations from the University of Northern Iowa .
Advertisement
He does n’t charge climbers : State law limits the legal liability of landowners who allow their property to be used for recreational purposes , as long as the owners do n’t charge or profit from the activity .
Briggs requires all visitors to sign a liability release form .
No one has fallen or been injured at the silos .
The rules are simple :
All climbers must wear helmets , heavy boots and crampons , the spikes that are attached to boots to provide better grip on snow and ice .
Since Briggs first iced down the silos in 2000 here in rural Cedar Falls , about 125 miles northeast of Des Moines , hundreds have stopped by to photograph the spires and carefully shimmy upward .
A climber from China has joined him on the ice .
So have students from Ohio and Minnesota , adventurers from Saskatchewan , and a physician from Northern California .
“ It ’s not about being fast or fancy .
It ’s not about falling to your death , ” said Dr. Charles Huss , 57 , an Iowa City emergency room doctor and regular silo climber .
“ It ’s about letting go of your worries , and losing yourself in the ice . ”
Advertisement
More than a dozen Midwestern farmers have asked Briggs how to turn their own silos into climbing walls :
Can a clay tile silo be climbed ?
Can a tractor with an end - loader be used to haul away the bigger chunks that fall off ?
Would the cattle become alarmed by seeing people swinging in the air ?
Briggs fielded so many calls on the subject , he published a how - to book in 2003 .
“ People told me it ’d be a waste of time and a waste of water .
Some even suggested I just try bowling , ” said farmer Craig Schroeder , 46 .
With Briggs ’ help , Schroeder turned one of his own silos in Tipton , Iowa , into an ice climbing wall for himself and his family .
“ But what else , ” Schroeder asked , “ are you going to do for fun on the farm in the middle of winter ? ”
Advertisement
EVEN among the adventurous , ice climbing is seen by many people as a foolish endeavor .
To shimmy up a frozen waterfall is to skate on the edge of disaster .
While the safety rope is designed to protect climbers from falling , the equipment can fail : Todd Skinner , a renowned rock climber , was rappelling at Yosemite National Park in October when his harness broke , and he fell 500 feet to his death .
Cold winds also can cramp climbers ’ limbs , send them spinning off a precarious toehold , or slam them against a bare spot on the silo .
The sun and air pockets can weaken the ice , creating soft spots that melt unexpectedly .
But part of the appeal is the physical risk and the sport ’s diverse routes .
Each time Briggs adds water , the shape of the ice evolves .
Depending on how fast the water froze , and which direction the wind was blowing , the silos can be transformed into crystal castles , or giant stalagmites .
A winter spinoff of rock climbing , ice climbing first emerged as a sport in the 1960s , when rock climber and mountaineer Yvon Chouinard began experimenting with , and developing , curved ax picks that could grip an iced surface .
It caught on in the 1990s , as enthusiasts flocked to the nation ’s first ice - climbing recreational park -- an artificially irrigated gorge in Ouray , Colo .
Advertisement
A few years ago , members of Midwest Ice Climbers Inc. cut a deal with owners of a working rock quarry , about 10 miles west of Green Bay , Wis. , and now rely both on ice formed naturally from underwater springs and water that ’s pumped out of a nearby water table .
“ You develop a really good flinch mechanism so you do n’t catch those chunks in the face , ” said Ron Long , club president and a high school teacher from Green Lake , Wis .
“ You ’ve got to be creative when you live in vertically challenged areas . ”
Briggs , who lives in Cedar Falls , has taught rock climbing classes and led outdoor adventures with his wife , Dianna , for nearly two decades .
He stumbled on the silo idea while helping a friend plow his farmland .
Sitting on the back of a tiller , Briggs eyed the grain bins .
Advertisement
They were incredibly sturdy .
Concrete blocks , nearly 4 inches thick , were bound with bands of steel cabling that wound from the silo ’s base to its domed top .
When the metal got wet and the weather dropped below freezing , ice formed and clung to the exterior .
Briggs approached his friend Jim Budlong with a proposal :
Once the harvest was complete , and the silos sat empty , why not try icing them down ?
Budlong agreed , and the two men began experimenting .
They mounted gear onto the tops of the silos , which would allow safety ropes to be threaded and anchored to a secure point .
They turned an old storage shed into a warming hut , where climbers could dry their axes and warm their hands with a cup of cocoa .
“ We also ran into a bunch of problems , ” Briggs said .
“ The hoses would freeze overnight .
People would walk over the hoses with their crampons , and puncture them .
Sometimes , the ice would form over the hoses , so we ’d have to dig them out .
Or we ’d have a heat wave , when the temperature got up to 40 degrees or warmer , and all the ice would fall off the silos and we ’d have to start all over . ”
Advertisement
But Briggs pushed on , driven in part by the silos ’ following .
Students at his school routinely join him in the middle of the night to check on the hoses and make sure the water pumps are working .
When Budlong recently sold the farm , the new owners gave Briggs their blessing to continue the activity .
NOW , just a few days into the season , regular climbers like Huss are eager to test themselves on the ice .
Last winter , Huss climbed the silos several times a month .
A self - described adventure junkie , the emergency physician has scaled peaks around the world , made several attempts to ascend Mt. Everest and regularly thrown himself into sky - diving trips .
A water - skiing mishap earlier in the year left him with a shredded hamstring .
“ Everyone thought I ’d be out for the season .
No way , ” Huss said as he tightened his climbing harness around his waist .
“ I ’d miss the camaraderie .
Besides , we ’re all addicts . ”
Advertisement
The ascent , however , was n’t as easy as in previous years ; the injury had left him weakened .
Within minutes of touching the ice , Huss ’ legs shook with adrenaline and exhaustion .
His forearms burned ; his fingertips lost most of their feeling .
But there was no time for rest .
“ You doing OK ? ” hollered Ben Caskey , 36 , manager of an outdoor gear store in Iowa City .
“ How ’s the leg ? ”
Huss simply nodded .
After more than 20 minutes , Huss reached the top .
All he could hear was the sound of the wind and the panting of his own breath .
Advertisement
Shading his eyes with one hand , Huss stared across miles of harvested fields , painted in thick swaths of gold and pink by the setting sun .
Herds of cattle appeared ant - like , while bucolic farmhouses seemed no bigger than a postage stamp .
Huss took a final moment to enjoy the view , and then slowly began his descent .
He wanted one more climb .
But this time , Huss decided , he ’d tackle the more difficult side of the silo -- the path that , at points , would force him to arch backward in order to maneuver around the overhanging ice .
p.j.huffstutter@latimes.com
Robot camel jockeys .
That 's about half of what you need to know .
Robots , designed in Switzerland , riding camels in the Arabian desert .
Camel jockey robots , about 2 feet high , with a right hand to bear the whip and a left hand to pull the reins .
Thirty - five pounds of aluminum and plastic , a 400 - MHz processor running Linux and communicating at 2.4 GHz ; GPS - enabled , heart rate - monitoring ( the camel 's heart , that is ) robots .
Mounted on tall , gangly blond animals , bouncing along in the sandy wastelands outside Doha , Qatar , in the 112 - degree heat , with dozens of follow - cars behind them .
I have seen them with my own eyes .
And the other half of the story : Every robot camel jockey bopping along on its improbable mount means one Sudanese boy freed from slavery and sent home .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
It 's July in Qatar , one of the hottest months in one of the hottest places in the world , and in an air - conditioned double - wide that sits baking in the sun , there are two experiments going on .
One to see if the robots themselves will work , and one , less explicit , to measure the reach and touch of technology .
It 's a moment created by rampantly colliding contexts : Western R&D , international NGO pressures , Arabian traditions , petroleum wealth , and benevolent despotism .
If it works , the result will be both simple and powerful ( one small step for robotics , one giant leap for social progress ) :
The standard modernist gambit of taking a crappy job and making it more bearable through mechanization will be transformed into a 21st - century policy of taking appalling and involuntary servitude and eliminating it through high tech .
Everybody will win a little .
The children will be set free , the owners will get to keep their pastime , the US State Department will consider it a good start , and the camels will continue to do their camel thing .
So here comes Alexandre Colot , project and services manager for K - Team , the Swiss company that designed the robots .
He pulls his black Lexus SUV into a tiny , sand - swept town called Shahaniya , which consists of a few stall - sized shops surrounded by camel farms , encircled by long , narrow tracks where the races are run .
It is the off - season and there are few people around : a handful of Sudanese farmers napping in their pickups at a crossroads , a half dozen Bedouin stable boys in long white robes and head scarves hanging around the parking lot .
Colot steps out into the heat , an unlikely figure for an emancipator – not because he lacks charisma , or even soulfulness , but only because he is , well , Swiss .
Quiet , industrious , patient , and organized .
He and his crew park outside the trailer and begin to unload their cargo .
There they are : dozens of steel cases holding robots , remote controls , saddles , and spare parts .
Qatar is one of those odd countries that only late capitalism could have created .
It 's a little thumb of land that sticks out from Saudi Arabia into the Persian Gulf , and like many states in the region , it sits on an enormous pool of fossil fuel – in Qatar 's case , natural gas .
But unlike some of its neighbors , it 's Western - friendly – there 's a US Air Force base down the road from Doha – and the current emir , who 's ruled the country since he deposed his father in a bloodless coup in 1995 , has been engineering an Arab perestroika .
Al Jazeera is based here ; the emir created it by decree .
Islamic law coexists with civil codes , and fundamentalists are relatively few .
Some women are fully veiled , some wear Western dress , and no one seems to mind much either way .
There are Bedouin with mobile phones , sheikhs in sunglasses driving SUVs .
No liquor and no pork , but vast malls housing Starbucks and Cinnabon stores .
Doha , the capital , looks as if half of it is being constructed and half of it is being torn down , and it 's impossible to tell which half is which .
But however modern the Qataris may be , some traditions linger .
For thousands of years , camel racing has been the sport of kings throughout the Arab peninsula – Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Bahrain , and United Arab Emirates .
A fast camel can cost several hundred thousand dollars , and an owner may house and feed scores of them .
The closest American equivalent is not Thoroughbred racing but polo .
There is no gambling , though there are various prizes for the winners , and the sport is not the people 's choice ( soccer is ) .
There are few live spectators and no television cameras , just a narrow sandy track about 10 miles long , looping through the desert outside Doha , where every year from October to April , wealthy men gather to run camels against one another .
It is not , for all that , an entirely benign diversion .
A camel will not run without someone riding it and egging it on .
The lighter the jockey , the faster the camel .
For as long as anyone can remember , the solution was to use child jockeys – not adolescents , but little boys as young as 4 , hustled in from poorer countries like Sudan and kept in hovels in the desert where they did nothing but ride camels .
They were denied even rudimentary schooling , they were starved to keep their weight down , and their injuries were often left untreated .
In Qatar there were a few hundred such children ; in neighboring UAE , which used Pakistani and Bangladeshi boys as well as Sudanese , there were as many as 3,000 .
Trainers would choose whoever was handy and ready , stick him up on a saddle behind the camel 's hump , and when the race started , bark orders through walkie - talkies the boys wore strapped to their chests .
So it was that the emir , Hamad Bin Khalifa Al - Thani , announced the replacement of all child jockeys with robots .
The Qatar Scientific Club created a prototype but , as one of their members said , " it was huge . "
The search for a suitable robot was then assigned to the Qatar Industrial Development Bank .
Requests for submissions went out to robotics corporations in the US , Europe , and Japan .
Alexandre Colot remembers receiving a slightly cryptic email in late 2003 .
He was working at K - Team headquarters outside Lausanne , Switzerland , when the query came : " Do you have robots that could be used in camel races to replace jockeys in Qatar ? "
K - Team is a small company that makes educational robots , mostly – machines that they sell to schools to give students hands - on experiences with them .
A few years ago , the firm got some press when scientists from Georgia Tech connected one of their robots to live cultures from a rat 's brain ; the resulting publicity brought them to the attention of the Qatari government .
The email request was unusual , to say the least , but K - Team made a bid ( Colot wo n't say how much it was ) , they were hired , they took a fact - finding trip down to Shahaniya , and they put together a team of 10 engineers , two zoologists , and a designer .
" There were three parts to the problem , " Colot says .
" The first part was environmental parameters – the heat of the desert , for example .
The second part was the races themselves .
There are a lot of shocks that the unit had to be able to take .
The camels travel at about 25 miles per hour .
The third part was the interaction with the animal . "
Let us pause here , then , to pay homage to a camel named Hanoud :
After each redesign , K - Team would travel back to Qatar and test various prototypes on her .
" Without this camel , we would not be here today with everything finished , " says Colot .
" She was really very , very quiet , so we could work with her for two hours , installing the saddle and everything , without her moving .
She was really incredible . "
For their 10 grand , the Qataris will get an aluminum frame on shock absorbers , hinged arms , and , for a thorax , a box about the size of a hardcover book .
Inside the box there 's a processor , four microcontrollers , and a soundboard .
On the racetrack , trainers follow each camel in an SUV , wielding a remote .
With a joystick and buttons they can maneuver the whip , striking the camel in front , on the side , or on its flank ; control the force of the blow ; and spin the whip so it whistles past its ear ( a goading action known as khali ) .
With a slider , they can tighten or lengthen the reins ; a screen on the remote displays the camel 's speed and heart rate , and the life left in the battery .
Still , there are aspects of the design that only this project , in this culture , could inspire .
The robot camel jockeys have plastic heads that wear wraparound sunglasses and bicycle helmets .
Their features are vaguely childlike , and their skin is an odd orange color – part Swiss , part Arabic , and part Bedouin , or so it seems .
Fair enough , but the heads are as empty as a department store dummy's .
There are no electronics in there :
They exist only to anthropomorphize the robots to the point where the camels – skittish creatures – will accept them .
" When we first came down here with the robots , " Colot says , " they had white , white faces .
Like ghosts .
We put one on the back of the camel , but the camel took off in a U - turn , running in the wrong direction .
That was when we realized how important it was to reduce stress on the camel . "
By changing the color of the faces , they sought to assure the camels that these new riders were not so different from the previous ones .
An interesting problem : a simple solution .
But Islam forbids representations of the human form :
The robots could be considered graven images , inducements to idolatry .
And while , as one trainer put it , " it 's not as if anyone is going to be tempted to worship these things , " the Saudis , who take such matters more seriously , are right next door and watching .
The forms of the robot camel jockeys have been judged too close to statuary for comfort , and word has come down from the prime minister ( he 's the emir 's brother – it's that kind of country ) that the faces have to be removed before racing season begins .
On this day in July , Colot waits patiently with his prototypes .
The trainers are scheduled to arrive at 3 o'clock .
But they 've been somewhat reluctant to participate in this experiment , and when the time comes for the great unveiling , no one is quite sure what will happen .
Three or four officers from the Qatar Industrial Development Bank stand around making small talk .
A few owners drift into the trailer , linger for a while , drinking hot , sweet tea from Dixie cups , and then drift out again .
The wind outside is so strong that it rocks the trailer and howls through the casements .
Late in the afternoon , the trainers show up , all at once : a dozen or so men in flowing white , bumping noses to greet each other , chattering , and then examining the robots , which are lined up in a row like obedient schoolchildren .
Amid the Arabic being spoken , one can make out the lingua franca of the borderless world of tomorrow , today : joystick , laptop , robot , they say , and , oh , yeah – PlayStation .
There 's a great deal of laughing , and one of the robots is picked up and passed around ; some of the trainers cluck , some nod in admiration .
Colot runs through the basics of the devices , and then suddenly the eminences appear : Sheikh Abdullah Bin Saud Al - Thani , a few visitors from the US embassy , a human rights worker .
A demonstration is hastily arranged .
In the Catalog of the Improbable , this must be listed high : a camel named Zael , legs folded under him on the desert floor as a nomad affixes an expensive electronic mannequin to his back .
Beside the track , dozens of wealthy Qataris wait impatiently in their SUVs .
Colot , wielding the remote , joins his team in the lead car .
A few last adjustments are made , and then the Bedouin leads the camel into a trot before letting it go .
The robot's whip swings down against the animal 's haunch , and off it runs , racing into the dusty yellow setting sun , the robot bobbling up and down on its back , yanking the reins and bringing down the stick : a strange ungainly homunculus , avatar of a brave new world .
The demo is a great success ; afterward the trainers and owners laugh and smile , in that tentative way that comes when something new and strange looks like it 's actually going to work .
" I think it 's a good idea , " a trainer named Jassim Al - Ali says , " but I hope it will be improved .
We will see what will happen in the actual race .
I am concerned about the strength of the hit , and the weight of the robot .
But I feel it will succeed , insh ' Allah . "
Indeed , when racing season starts a few months from now , all of the jockeys will be robots .
Soon Qataris will explain to their children that once , long ago , as bizarre and benighted as it may sound , human jockeys used to ride the racing camels .
It would be nice to end the story here , with technology triumphant , but there 's more to say .
Because as far as human rights go , the robot camel jockeys are having a mixed effect , as such programs often do .
They were meant to help free the children , but freedom is not simple .
The State Department was pushing the Qatari government to set up a repatriation program with compounds and rehabilitation centers , but the Qataris simply started shipping the children back to the Sudan , which these days must qualify as one of the world 's worst places to be .
None remain to testify to what they 've been through .
" There are no babies here , " one stable hand says , referring to the child slaves .
But the compound he runs – bleak , hot , and silent – bears the signs of their having once been there , in the form of a rusty swing set at one end of an otherwise empty courtyard .
In effect they have simply been sent from one circle of hell to another .
As Ali al Mohanadi , a camel owner and a colonel in the Qatari Amiri air force , says to me , " If you get them out of this job , are you going to improve their life ?
No .
They will go to their death .
They will go to the Sudan and live there as they did before , with no education , no food , nothing .
How bad will their life be there ?
Nobody cares about it . "
Feleke Assefa , from the State Department 's Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons , explains that the children were sent back to the Sudan without so much as a medical checkup , let alone basic lessons in how to read and write .
Still , it 's a step in the right direction .
" These children were slaves , " he says .
" You can't argue that slavery is better than freedom . "
And he 's right , of course :
You can't .
But you can argue that progress unaccompanied by a keen ear for context is just a game of Whack - a - Mole .
You pound out one problem and another appears right next to it .
All the children are gone , but there are some young men hanging about , former child jockeys now old enough to stay on as stable hands .
Abdullah is one :
Thin , windburned , and slightly forlorn , he came from the Sudan in 1994 at the age of six .
" When I was small I rode the camels , " he recalls .
" But now , no .
Any job , I can do it .
I want to stay here , but when the robot came in there was no job for me . "
We were surrounded by wealthy owners and trainers , and he seemed anxious to put a good face on things .
" It is OK for us , " he said suddenly .
" No problem .
The robots , they are very good . "
As good as him ?
He laughed a little uncomfortably .
" If they could understand Arabic they would be as good as me , " he says .
" We 're working on a voice recognition system , " Alexandre Colot tells me later .
" It 's a direct request from the prime minister . "
The agreement gives the go - ahead for work to start
The International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor ( Iter ) will be the most expensive joint scientific project after the International Space Station .
Wednesday 's agreement in Brussels gives the go - ahead for practical work on the project to start .
Fusion taps energy from reactions like those that power the Sun .
The seven - party consortium , which includes the European Union , the US , Japan , China , Russia and others , agreed last year to build Iter in Cadarache , in the southern French region of Provence .
Cleaner energy
The parties say fusion will lead to a cheaper , safer , cleaner and endless energy resource in the years ahead .
" We represent more than half of the world 's population , and recognise that by working together today we stand a much better chance of tackling the challenges of tomorrow , so energy is an issue of concern for all of us , " said EU science and research commissioner , Janez Potocnik , after the ceremony .
ITER - NUCLEAR FUSION PROJECT
Project estimated to cost 10bn euros and will run for 35 years
It will produce the first sustained fusion reactions
Final stage before full prototype of commercial reactor is built
If all goes well with the experimental reactor , officials hope to set up a demonstration power plant at Cadarache by 2040 .
In a fusion reaction , energy is produced when light atoms - the hydrogen isotopes deuterium and tritium - are fused together to form heavier atoms .
To use controlled fusion reactions on Earth as an energy source , it is necessary to heat a gas to temperatures exceeding 100 million Celsius - many times hotter than the centre of the Sun .
The technical requirements to do this , which scientists have spent decades developing , are immense ; but the rewards , if Iter can be made to work successfully , are extremely attractive .
Investment costs
One kilogram of fusion fuel would produce the same amount of energy as 10,000,000 kg of fossil fuel .
Fusion does produce radioactive waste but not the volumes of long - term high - level radiotoxic materials that have so burdened nuclear fission .
Officials project that 10 - 20 % of the world 's energy could come from fusion by the end of the century .
However , environmental groups have criticised the project , saying there was no guarantee that the billions of euros would result in a commercially viable energy source .
The European Commission said the investment costs were justified , explaining that the technology used in fusion reactor plants would be " inherently safe , with no possibility of meltdown , or runaway reactions . "
The Cadarache site is also expected to boost Europe 's role in developing new technologies and is likely to create about 10,000 jobs .
The consortium had been divided over where to put the test reactor , and competition was intense .
Russia , China and the European Union wanted it at Cadarache ; while Japan , the US and South Korea wanted the facility built at Rokkasho in northern Japan .
Japan withdrew its bid after agreeing to a bigger role in research and operations .
The Cadarache site lies about 60 km ( 37 miles ) inland from Marseille , and has been a nuclear research centre ever since President Charles de Gaulle launched France 's atomic energy programme in 1959 .
My desire for an algebraic list processing language for artificial intelligence work on the IBM 704 computer arose in the summer of 1956 during the Dartmouth Summer Research Project on Artificial Intelligence which was the first organized study of AI .
During this meeting , Newell , Shaw and Simon described IPL 2 , a list processing language for Rand Corporation 's JOHNNIAC computer in which they implemented their Logic Theorist program .
There was little temptation to copy IPL , because its form was based on a JOHNNIAC loader that happened to be available to them , and because the FORTRAN idea of writing programs algebraically was attractive .
It was immediately apparent that arbitrary subexpressions of symbolic expressions could be obtained by composing the functions that extract immediate subexpressions , and this seemed reason enough to go to an algebraic language .
There were two motivations for developing a language for the IBM 704 .
First , IBM was generously establishing a New England Computation Center at M.I.T. which Dartmouth would use .
Second , IBM was undertaking to develop a program for proving theorems in plane geometry ( based on an idea of Marvin Minsky 's ) , and I was to serve as a consultant to that project .
At the time , IBM looked like a good bet to pursue artificial intelligence research vigorously , and further projects were expected .
It was not then clear whether IBM 's FORTRAN project would lead to a language within which list processing could conveniently be carried out or whether a new language would be required .
However , many considerations were independent of how that might turn out .
Apart from consulting on the geometry program , my own research in artificial intelligence was proceeding along the lines that led to the Advice Taker proposal in 1958 ( McCarthy 1959 ) .
This involved representing information about the world by sentences in a suitable formal language and a reasoning program that would decide what to do by making logical inferences .
Representing sentences by list structure seemed appropriate - it still is - and a list processing language also seemed appropriate for programming the operations involved in deduction - and still is .
This internal representation of symbolic information gives up the familiar infix notations in favor of a notation that simplifies the task of programming the substantive computations , e.g. logical deduction or algebraic simplification , differentiation or integration .
If customary notations are to be used externally , translation programs must be written .
Thus most LISP programs use a prefix notation for algebraic expressions , because they usually must determine the main connective before deciding what to do next .
In this LISP differs from almost every other symbolic computation system .
COMIT , FORMAC , and Formula Algol programs all express the computations as operations on some approximation to the customary printed forms of symbolic expressions .
SNOBOL operates on character strings but is neutral on how character strings are used to represent symbolic information .
This feature probably accounts for LISP 's success in competition with these languages , especially when large programs have to be written .
The advantage is like that of binary computers over decimal - but larger .
( In the late 1950s , neat output and convenient input notation was not generally considered important .
Programs to do the kind of input and output customary today would n't even fit in the memories available at that time .
Moreover , keypunches and printers with adequate character sets did n't exist ) .
The first problem was how to do list structure in the IBM 704 .
This computer has a 36 bit word , and two 15 bit parts , called the address and decrement , were distinguished by special instructions for moving their contents to and from the 15 bit index registers .
The address of the machine was 15 bits , so it was clear that list structure should use 15 bit pointers .
Therefore , it was natural to consider the word as divided into 4 parts , the address part , the decrement part , the prefix part and the tag part .
The last two were three bits each and separated from each other by the decrement so that they could not be easily combined into a single six bit part .
At this point there was some indecision about what the basic operators should be , because the operation of extracting a part of the word by masking was considered separately from the operation of taking the contents of a word in memory as a function of its address .
At the time , it seemed dubious to regard the latter operation as a function , since its value depended on the contents of memory at the time the operation was performed , so it did n't act like a proper mathematical function .
However , the advantages of treating it grammatically as a function so that it could be composed were also apparent .
Therefore , the initially proposed set of functions included cwr , standing for ``Contents of the Word in Register number ' ' and four functions that extracted the parts of the word and shifted them to a standard position at the right of the word .
An additional function of three arguments that would also extract an arbitrary bit sequence was also proposed .
It was soon noticed that extraction of a subexpression involved composing the extraction of the address part with cwr and that continuing along the list involved composing the extraction of the decrement part with cwr .
Therefore , the compounds car , standing for ``Contents of the Address part of Register number '' , and its analogs cdr , cpr , and ctr were defined .
The motivation for implementing car and cdr separately was strengthened by the vulgar fact that the IBM 704 had instructions ( connected with indexing ) that made these operations easy to implement .
A construct operation for taking a word off the free storage list and stuffing it with given contents was also obviously required .
At some point a cons( a , d , p, t ) was defined , but it was regarded as a subroutine and not as a function with a value .
This work was done at Dartmouth , but not on a computer , since the New England Computation Center was not expected to receive its IBM 704 for another year .
In connection with IBM 's plane geometry project , Nathaniel Rochester and Herbert Gelernter ( on the advice of McCarthy ) decided to implement a list processing language within FORTRAN , because this seemed to the the easiest way to get started , and , in those days , writing a compiler for a new language was believed to take many man-years .
This work was undertaken by Herbert Gelernter and Carl Gerberich at IBM and led to FLPL , standing for FORTRAN List Processing Language .
Gelernter and Gerberich noticed that cons should be a function , not just a subroutine , and that its value should be the location of the word that had been taken from the free storage list .
This permitted new expressions to be constructed out of subsubexpressions by composing occurrences of cons .
While expressions could be handled easily in FLPL , and it was used successfully for the Geometry program , it had neither conditional expressions nor recursion , and erasing list structure was handled explicitly by the program .
I invented conditional expressions in connection with a set of chess legal move routines I wrote in FORTRAN for the IBM 704 at M.I.T. during 1957 - 58 .
This program did not use list processing .
The IF statement provided in FORTRAN 1 and FORTRAN 2 was very awkward to use , and it was natural to invent a function XIF ( M , N1 , N2 ) whose value was N1 or N2 according to whether the expression M was zero or not .
The function shortened many programs and made them easier to understand , but it had to be used sparingly , because all three arguments had to be evaluated before XIF was entered , since XIF was called as an ordinary FORTRAN function though written in machine language .
This led to the invention of the true conditional expression which evaluates only one of N1 and N2 according to whether M is true or false and to a desire for a programming language that would allow its use .
A paper defining conditional expressions and proposing their use in Algol was sent to the Communications of the ACM but was arbitrarily demoted to a letter to the editor , because it was very short .
I spent the summer of 1958 at the IBM Information Research Department at the invitation of Nathaniel Rochester and chose differentiating algebraic expressions as a sample problem .
It led to the following innovations beyond FLPL :
a. Writing recursive function definitions using conditional expressions .
The idea of differentiation is obviously recursive , and conditional expressions allowed combining the cases into a single formula .
b . The maplist function that forms a list of applications of a functional argument to the elements of a list .
This was obviously wanted for differentiating sums of arbitrarily many terms , and with a slight modification , it could be applied to differentiating products .
( The original form was what is now called mapcar ) .
c. To use functions as arguments , one needs a notation for functions , and it seemed natural to use the - notation of Church ( 1941 ) .
I did n't understand the rest of his book , so I was n't tempted to try to implement his more general mechanism for defining functions .
Church used higher order functionals instead of using conditional expressions .
Conditional expressions are much more readily implemented on computers .
d . The recursive definition of differentiation made no provision for erasure of abandoned list structure .
No solution was apparent at the time , but the idea of complicating the elegant definition of differentiation with explicit erasure was unattractive .
Needless to say , the point of the exercise was not the differentiation program itself , several of which had already been written , but rather clarification of the operations involved in symbolic computation .
In fact , the differentiation program was not implemented that summer , because FLPL allows neither conditional expressions nor recursive use of subroutines .
At this point a new language was necessary , since it was very difficult both technically and politically to tinker with Fortran , and neither conditional expressions nor recursion could be implemented with machine language Fortran functions - not even with ``functions '' that modify the code that calls them .
Moreover , the IBM group seemed satisfied with FLPL as it was and did not want to make the vaguely stated but obviously drastic changes required to allow conditional expressions and recursive definition .
As I recall , they argued that these were unnecessary .
John McCarthy
Fri Jul 26 22:37:29 PDT
1996
Zadajesz pytanie , otrzymujesz odpowiedź .
Możesz też odpowiedzieć na pytania innych .
Kto pyta , nie błądzi .
Zapraszamy nie tylko użytkowników serwisu pytamy .
pl
If you 're reading this I assume you 're aware of the fact that there 's been a huge amount of fuss about the Ruby programming language , and in particular the Rails framework for developing web applications .
Some see it as the future of programming , others as a dangerous diversion .
I started with ruby several years ago .
The pragmatics got me interested and it soon became my preferred scripting language .
Over time it grew to handle much of the production of this website - in particular this bliki .
I like the language a lot .
There 's a jump between my personal liking and whether it 's something that should be used by our clients .
We can evaluate its suitability for client projects based on its features - and this leads to many arguments about the pros and cons of dynamic typing , convention over configuration , processes versus threads , and the like .
Such discussions are useful but I remain wary of them .
Too many things are hard to judge that way - hence we spend so much of our time on client projects being slowed down by technology that sounded good on a golf course .
My preference is to make this judgment based on experience - find people who have a track record for delivering in the mainstream environments and who have tried using Ruby .
Some of this can be seen with public writers .
Ruby has attracted many people who have good experience elsewhere but feel Ruby gives them an additional edge , names like the both the Prags , Justin Gehtland , Bruce Tate , David Geary et al should be enough to make Ruby worth looking at .
But parochial as I may be I 've been keeping my ear closest to ThoughtWorkers : people whose history I know and whose projects I can more easily check up on .
It 's still early days yet , but I now have a handful of project experiences to draw on .
So far the results are firmly in favor of Ruby .
When I ask the question " do you think you 're significantly more productive in Ruby rather than Java / C# " , each time I 've got a strong ' yes ' .
This is enough for me to start saying that for a suitable project , you should give Ruby a spin .
Which , of course , only leaves open the small question of what counts as ' suitable ' .
One thing to mention is that although we have a couple of what I might call typical web projects that fit in well with what 's currently talked about as prime Rails territory , there are also elements that are different .
A kiosk device where consumers are directly manipulating a touch screen .
Rails is present here , as the UI is a very Ajaxian web front end .
But there 's also communication with hardware devices , crypto , odd networking stuff - all on an appliance like Linux box .
A lot of SQL manipulation in batch processes where Ruby is used to specify what 's needed and the resulting Ruby expressions are converted to SQL to carry out the real work .
There 's a splash of Rails on the front end - but again it 's not the typical Rails app .
A project that looks like a standard web app in many ways , but involves a great deal of munging data from different formats and some very fancy graphs and charts ( using Ploticus ) .
In all these cases , those involved said they are getting functionality , and value , faster out of the door than they had in other platforms .
This suggests to me that if you 're looking for delivery speed and productivity you should take a serious look at Ruby .
There are still some open questions .
In particular it 's still too early to see what happens in later enhancement stages , particularly when you get team changes .
Some people think that the dynamic nature of Ruby and the lack of tools will be a problem , others that the simplicity that Ruby encourages will make up for the difference .
Such is the nature of the question that we can't really tell yet - I 'll update you when I find out more .
Cedric
Beust argues effectively that even if Ruby is a superior platform it may not become mainstream .
I certainly understand that argument , like many an ex-smalltalker I 've long known of more productive platforms than the current mainstream enterprise choices .
If it 's important to you that you are only using mainstream platforms , you 'll need to wait longer to see what happens .
There are plenty of course , who do n't care about following the mainstream .
There 's also plenty of projects where development productivity is swamped by political and other communication factors .
Here Ruby 's advantage would be significantly attenuated .
But overall these experiences , from trusted colleagues mean I 'm increasingly positive about using Ruby for serious work where speed , responsiveness , and productivity are important .
I believe this done
Ms paint but then edited in some other programs ​ because the cloud and the water reflection looks rlly good and does n't seem like it could be done in ms paint .
Although I can be wrong .
Transcript :
Calvin :
These are interesting times .
We do n't trust the government , we do n't trust the legal system , we do n't trust the media , and we do n't trust each other !
We 've undermined all authority , and with it , the basis for replacing it !
Hobbes : " Interesting " is a mild way of putting it .
Calvin :
It 's like a six - year - old 's dream come true !
9:06 am - Apple 's standard tracks are playing : Gnarls Barkley , Coldplay , Gorillaz .
You'd think they 'd cycle through some of these tunes .
9:12 am - " Good morning ladies and gentlemen , Welcome to the Macworld 2007 keynote address . "
Just a few minutes more now here .
9:14 am - Ok , here we go .
They 're playing James Brown .
Unreal applause for Steve -- he 's wearing the classic Jobsian garb .
" An iPod , a phone , an internet mobile communicator .
An iPod , a phone , an internet mobile communicator .... these are NOT three separate devices ! "
" And we are calling it iPhone ! "
" Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone .
And here it is ... "
It 's a gag image , cheers .
9:44 am - " Before we get into it , let me talk about a category of things ... the most advanced phones are called smartphones .
They typically involve a phone , have plastic little keyboards on them , the problem is they 're not so smart and they 're not so easy to use .
If you make a biz school 101 graph , cellphones are at the bottom ... smartphones are a little smarter , but they 're harder to use . "
9:45 am - " We do n't want to make either one of these things -- we want to make a leapfrog product , smart and easy to use .
This is what iPhone is . "
How the hell are they calling it iPhone , now ?
Linksys ?
Cisco ?
9:46 am - A revolutionary UI , the result of years of development -- the result of years of development . "
Shows Q , Treo , E62 , BlackBerry . "
9:47 am - " The problem is really in the bottom 40 % -- keyboards that are there whether you need them or not .
They have control buttons that are fixed in plastic .
Every app wants a different button .
You can't add new buttons .
How do you solve this problem ?
We solved this problem -- we solved it in computers 20 years ago .
A bitmap screen that can display anything we want -- with a pointing device . "
" So how are we going to take this to a mobile device ?
Get rid of all the buttons , and just make a giant screen .
So how are we going to communicate ?
We 're going to use a stylus -- no .
Who wants a stylus ??
Yuck ! "
9:48 am - " So let 's not use a stylus , we 're going to use the best pointing device in the world -- our fingers .
We have invented a new technology called multi-touch .
It works like magic , you do n't need a stylus , far more accurate than any interface ever shipped , it ignores touches , mutli - finger gestures , and BOY have we patented it !
9:49 am - " We have been very lucky to have brought a few revolutionary user interfaces to the market -- the mouse , the click wheel , and now Multi -Touch .
Each has made possible a revolutionary product , the Mac , the iPod , and now the iPhone .
We 're going to build on top of that with software .
Software on mobile phones is like baby - software .
Today we 're going to show you a software breakthrough .
Software that 's 5 - years ahead of what 's on any other phone . "
" iPhone runs OS X ! "
Huge cheers .
" Why would we want to run such a sophisticated OS on a mobile device ?
It 's got everything we need .
Multitasking , networking , power management , graphics , security , video , graphics , audio core animation ... "
" The second thing we 're doing is we 've learned from the iPod , it syncs with iTunes .
People know how to sync all their media with their iPod.
iTunes is going to sync all your media to your iPhone -- but also a ton of data .
Contacts , calendars , photos , notes , bookmarks , email accounts ... "
9:52 am - " We do that through iTunes . "
It shows 8 GB on the screen .
" It 's really thin , thinner than any smartphone .
11.6 mm , thinner than the Q and the BlackJack , all of them .
Ring and silent , volume up and down . "
9:53 am - " We have a 2 megapixel camera built right in , let 's take a look at the top .
A headset jack , 3.5 mm , SIM tray , and a sleep - wake switch .
Let 's look at the bottom , we 've got a speaker , mic input , and an iPod connector . "
Cingular .
" Let me show it to you . . "
Demo time !
9:56 am - iPhone is up on screen .
He 's got digital video running out .
He 's starting the power on , and has a gesture .
Unlocks the phone by sliding finger across -- something you can't do by accident in your pocket .
9:57 am - " Here 's the home screen -- simple icons .
Push this icon -- boom , I 'm in the iPod .
How do i scroll through my list of artists ?
I just take my finger and I just scroll . "
Loud cheers , people are starting to lose it a little .
He 's picked the Beatles ... a sign of things to come ?
Cingular .9:55 am - " Let 's start with the iPod .
You can touch your music .
Widescreen video , you can find your music faster , gorgeous album art , bilt - in speaker , CoverFlow , why not ? "
" Let me show it to you .. "
Demo time !
9:56 am - iPhone is up on screen .
He 's got digital video running out .
He 's starting the power on , and has a gesture .
Unlocks the phone by sliding finger across -- something you can't do by accident in your pocket .
9:51 am - " It let us create desktop class applications and networking , not the crippled stuff you find on most phones .
These are real desktop applications . "
He 's quoting Alan Kay -" People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware . "
" So we 're bringing breakthrough software to a mobile device for the first time . "
" The second thing we 're doing is we 've learned from the iPod , it syncs with iTunes .
People know how to sync all their media with their iPod.
iTunes is going to sync all your media to your iPhone -- but also a ton of data .
Contacts , calendars , photos , notes , bookmarks , email accounts ... " 9:52 am - " We do that through iTunes . "
It shows 8GB on the screen .
9:52 - " The third thing -- I want to talk a little about design .
We 've designed something wonderful . "
3.5 - inch screen , highest resolution screen we 've ever shipped , 160 ppi .
There 's only one button , the " home " button .
"
It 's really thin , thinner than any smartphone .
11.6 mm , thinner than the Q and the BlackJack , all of them .
Ring and silent , volume up and down .
" 9:53 am - " We have a 2 megapixel camera built right in , let 's take a look at the top .
A headset jack , 3.5 mm , SIM tray , and a sleep - wake switch .
Let 's look at the bottom , we 've got a speaker , mic input , and an iPod connector .
" 9:54 am - We 've also got some stuff you can't see -- 3 advanced sensors .
It 's got a proximity sensor , bring the iPhone to your ear and your display shuts off and toushccreen shuts down .
Ambient light sensor -- adjusts brightness , saves power .
Third thing is an accellerometer , it can tell whether you 're in landscape and portraid .
Let 's turn it on . "
9:58 am - Everything is totally touch , big shiny icons .
" I turn my unit landscape mode , and look what happens !
" it goes into CoverFlow ... not the fastest scrolling .
We would n't exactly say it scrolls like butter -- but close .
9:59 am -" I just pick something and play something -- it 's that easy . "
Plays more .
" It 's that simple , is n't that great ? "
" Alright , I can play with this for a long time . "
You have been , over two years you say ?
10:02 - " So that is the iPhone .
Pretty cool , huh ?
We 've just started .
So again , touch your music , scroll through your songs and your music . "
10:03 am - " It 's unbelievable .
Here 's some album art ... no matter what you like , it looks pretty doggone gorgeous .
... with onscreen controls .
I was giving the demo to someone a little while ago , and I finished the demo and I said what do you think ?
They said ' You had me at scrolling . ' "
10:04 am - " We want to reinvent the phone .
What 's the killer app ?
The killer app is making calls !
It 's amazing how hard it is to make calls on most phones .
We want to let you use contacts like never before -- sync your iPhone with your PC or mac .
Visual voicemail -- would n't it be great if you did n't have to listen to five of them to list to the sixth ?
Just like email you can go directly to the voicemails that interest you .
iPhone is a quad - band GSM + EDGE phone . "
No 3G !
" We have WiFi and Bluetooth 2.0 "
is one of our ringtones .
I want to show you the phone app , photos , calendar , and SM messaging .
The kind of things you 'd find on a typical phone .
So let 's go ahead and take a look .
So let 's go to our phone first , the phone icon in the lower left corner ?
Boom , I 'm in the phone .
I have favorites , contacts , ... "
Whoa , they put Jonathan Ive 's phone number up on screen .
Ummm ... not smart Steve , I hope that 's a PAYG line .
10:06 am - " I can't tell you how thrilled I am to make the first public phone call with iPhone . "
It 's in speakerphone mode .
10:07 am - " I remember when we first started working on this ... "
Phil Schiller 's on the other line .
" Steve , I wanted to be the first call ! "
10:08 am - " Hey listen , Phil called , you mind if I conference him in ?
I just push that right here and now I 've created a conference call .
" Attendees scrolling up on top .
" So here we are and listen , I have to get back to my keynote ...
Johnny , do you have anything to say on the first phone call ? "
" It 's not to shabby , is it ? "
10:11 am - Tim Cook 's voicemail was of revenue results : " You know , this can wait until later ... "
Laughter .
10:13 am - " The third app I want to show you is Photos -- we also have the coolest photo management ever .
Certainly on a mobile device , but I think EVER .
Let me go to photos , scroll through here ... to go through pictures I just swipe them .
There 's one that 's landscape , I can just turn my device and there it is .
I can swipe while I 'm in landscape . "
Audience guy : " Awesome . "
Steve : " Is n't this awesome ? ? "
10:15 am - " So photos , SMS , and the phone app -- that is part of our phone package for iPhone .
Really great call management , scroll through contacts with your finger , all the information at your fingertips .
Favorites , last century [ shows dialer ] , calendar , SMS texting , incredible photo app , the ability to take any picture and make it your wallpaper .
I think you 'll agree ... we 've reinvented the phone . "
10:16 am - " Now let 's take a look at an internet communications device .
We 've got some real breakthroughs here .
We 've got rich HTML emails on iPhone .
It works with any IMAP or POP3 email service .
We wanted the best web browser on a phone -- so we picked the best one in the world , Safari .
We have Safari running on iPhone -- it 's the first fully - usable browser on a cellphone .
We have Google Maps . "
Big applause .
10:17 am - " We have widgets , it communicates with the internet over WiFi and EDGE -- you do n't have to do anything , it connects to the WiFi seamlessly . "
10:19 am - " I 'd like to show you mail , Google maps ...
I 've got my inbox here , this is running live on Yahoo IMAP email .
I 've got inline photos , rich - text email .
Let 's look at another one ... again , inline photos , rich text .
Shopping list , rich text , pretty cool .
i Phone parses out phone numbers , they 're in blue and I can just call this place . "
10:20 am - He 's typing slowly ... but hey , he 's only got one thumb since he 's holding the device for the demo .
We can't wait to see it in landscape .
Now I want to show you somethign incredible , I want to show you Safari running on a mobile device .
I 'm going to load in the NYT , rather than just give you the WAP version , we 're showing you the WHOLE NYT web site .
I can put this into landscape mode and there it is , I can scroll up and down here ... "
10:24 am - Page is loading , albeit a bit slowly .
" And here we are , and there 's a section over here , and these are the top sellers .
Oh look , Als' An Inconvenient Truth is number one .
Now I can go back to the NYT if I want , I can get rid of these by just hitting the X . "
Looks a bit like the UIQ browser , but much more slick .
10:25 am - " I hope you never really know how incredible this is ... it 's bad out there .
This is a revolution of the first order .
I 'm going to load stock information off the web , and right onto the phone here . "
Apple 's shares up over $ 2.50 .
Ha .
10:26 am - " I can go look at the weather , let 's see what it 's like outside ... 49 degrees , but we 'll just stay in here until it warms up . "
Showing various time zones , scrolling left and right .
" Now , to conclude with the internet device section , I want to show you google Maps on iPhone -- it comes up and I 'm going to go to Moscone West .
And here we are , boom , I 'm going to want a cup of coffee afterwards , so I 'm going to search for StarBucks . "
Shows Gmaps POI info including number and address , which drops right into the dialer .
He 's calling StarBucks .
" Yes , I 'd like to order 4000 lattes to go please .
Sorry , wrong number thank you ! "
Huge laughs , huge applause .
10:29 am - " Pinch if I want to , or I can double - tap to zoom in .
Let 's go somewhere else ... "
People are rapt , everyone is actually literally leaning forward and on the edge of their seat .
We 've never seen a presentation like this before .
" Is n't that incredible ?
Right on my PHONE !
Look at this , the Eiffel tower -- is n't that incredible ?
Here 's the last one , the colliseum in Rome . "
10:30 am - " All these amazing things -- this is a breakthrough internet communicator built right into iPhone . "
Reviewing the features ...
" Incredible new technology for entering text , a real browser on the phone , we can zoom in , Google maps , Widgets ... it 's the internet in your pocket for the first time ever .
You can't really think about the internet without thinking about google . "
10:31 am - " From google what we have on the phone is google search built right into the browser and google maps .
We 've been working closely with them .. it 's my pleaseure now to introduce Dr. Eric Schmidt , Google 's CEO . "
" Steve , my congratulations to you , this product is going to be HOT . "
10:34 am - " As a board member you 'll get one of the first ones ! " Har .
" You also ca n't think about the internet without thinking about Yahoo .
We 've got Yahoo search built right in , and we 've got Yahoo IMAP email services .
So it 's my great pleasure to introduce Jerry Yang , co-founder and Chief Yahoo ! "
10:35 am - Jerry 's up on stage , " Thank you Steve .
I 'm not a board member of Apple , but I 'd love to have one of these too .
We 're really proud of Yahoo to be partnering with Apple .
One of the things we 're going to be doing is launching some of our new services , Yahoo Go and One Search on this phone .
Mail is a killer app on the phone , Yahoo is trying to redesign the web and email experience on mobile devices .
The best spam protection , address books , and calendar when you 're on yahoo --
It 's like BlackBerry without an Exchange Server . "
10:36 am - " We want to take what Apple 's doing reinventing the phone and do that on the internet -- great form factors , user experiences , and UI , and translate them into a seamless internet experience .
We want to take the Web 2.0 into the device world -- you have my address Steve , please send it to me . "
10:37 am - " It 's been great having the two greatest companies on the web right down the block .
Thank you guys so much , you 've really helped us put the internet in the phone .
10:38 am - " So , an internet communicator , an iPod , and a phone .
Let 's put them all together and see what you can do in a real - life scenario ... "
10:39 am - Another hands - on demo .
" Let 's see what happens when a phone call comes while listening to music -- music fades out and the call comes through . "
10:41 am - " Today Apple is reinventing the phone .
How does this stack up ?
Let 's look at the competition ... "
Treo , BB , E62 , Q... comparing mail , contacts , calendars , web ...
" Let 's see the web , we tried to make it look as good as we could .
And this is what you get . "
Comparing music ...
" After today , I do n't think anyone 's going to look at these phones the same way agaoin . "
10:42 am - Accessories : stereo headphones with a tiny dongle , mic and a switch .
Push it together to answer or hang up on a call .
Bluetooth accessory : headset , black and thin " incredibly small " one button on the top , automatically pairs , " It 's really simple . "
" It 's the coolest one we 've ever seen . "
Battery life : " A lot of these phones have low battery life .
We 've managed to get 5 hours of battery of talk time , video , and browsing .
16 hours of audio playback . "
10:44 am - We 've been pushing the state of the art in every facet of this design .
We 've got the multi - touch screen , miniaturization , OS X in a mobile device , precision enclosures , three advanced sensors , desktop class applications , and the widescreen video iPod .
We filed for over 200 patents for all the inventions in iPhone and we intend to protect them . "
10:46 am - " Our most popular iPod is $ 199 -- what 's a smartphone cost ?
Somewhere around $ 299 with a two year contract . "
He 's combined the two for a $ 499 for the combo -- " What should we charge for the iPhone ?
We should charge more for this stuff !... "
10:47 am - So how much more than $ 499 should we price it ?
We thought long and hard about it ... it does so much stuff ... "
He 's stalling for the drama .
Enough Steve !
" What should we price it at ?
For a 4GB model we 're pricing it at $ 499 -- no premium whatsoever .
" We 're going to have an 8 GB model for just $ 599 . "
Europe in the 4th quarter of this year , Asia in 2008 .
" We 've chosen Cingular . "
" They 're going to be our exclusive partner in the US -- it 's a unique partnership though .
We 're going to be doing innovation together .
We worked on visual voicemail , the first fruit of this collaboration .
We 'll be selling iPhone through our own stores and Cingular stores . "
10:49 am - " It 's my pleasure to introduce the CEO of Cingular , Stan Sigman . "
Why hello Stanny boy .
" We entered into contractual agreement without ever even seeing the phone -- that 's because of the confidence I have of Steve to deliver on his vision ...
10:50 am - " It 's a real honor for Cingular to be partnering with Apple -- it 's AT&T .
Days ago Cingular became a part of the new AT&T ... " AT&T logo up on screen .
10:51 am - " We 're announcing a partnership that takes the mobile phone experience to a new level by bringing together the best network with the best device .
Networks are the foundation of what Cingular and AT&T do . "
" When it comes to networks AT&T wrote the book -- their quality is legendary .
Put this with Apple products together and what do you get ?
You get the best voice and data experience ... "
Man this guy is a total snoozer .
10:52 am - We 've immediately dropped back into cuecard keynote mode , stats on Cingular , stores , distribution , yadda .
" We 're pleased to partner with Apple to deliver one of the most eagerly anticipated products ever -- the iPhone . "
10:54 am - " iPhone owners will be Cingular and AT&T customers -- they 'll get the best network and service in the business .
Apple ... Cingular ... and AT&T have come a long ways . "
" I hope you 're as excited as we are ... this is going to be a terrific ride . "
Huzzah , he 's off stage !
Clickers are dead , even his replacement .
" They 're scrambling back stage right now . "
Laughter .
10:56 am - " You know , when I was in high school , Steve Woz and I made this little device called the TV jammer -- this little oscillator that put out frequencies that would screw up the TV ...
We 'd go into a dorm at Berkeley we 'd screw up the TV while people are watching Star Trek . "
Ok , we 're back ...
1 % market share is 10 million phones .
" Exactly what we 're trying to do , 1 % market share in 2008 , 10 million units and we 'll go from there . "
10:58 am - " So , today we 've added to the Mac and the iPod , we 've added Apple TV , and now iPhone .
And you know , the Mac is the only one you really think of as a computer , and we 've thought about this and we thought , you know , maybe our name should reflect this better than it does . "
We 've dropped the computer from our name . "
10:59 am - " You know , I did n't sleep a wink last night , I was so excited about today .
We 've been so lucky at Apple , we 've had some real revolutionary products .
The Mac in 84 , the iPod in 2001 , and we 're gonna do it again with the iPhone in 2007 -- we 're VERY excited about this . "
" There 's an old Wayne Gretsky quote I love -- ' I skate to where the puck is going to be , not to where it 's been . '
That 's what we try to do at Apple .
Thank you very , very much . "
Huge , huge applause , standing ovation .
11:00 am - " Thank you , thank you .
I 'd like to highlight the folks that worked on this product ... can all the folks here who worked on this product please stand up ?
Let 's give them a round of Applause . "
11:01 am - " I also can't leave without thanking our families -- they have n't seen a lot of us in the last 6 months .
Without their support we could n't do what we do .
You do n't know how much we need you and appreciate you , so thank you . "
" We 've got a really special treat today , we do n't have a lot of traditions at Apple besides making great products .
One of them is that John Mayer has helped us at every Macworld over the years . "
That 's it !
26 m game consoles sold , 94 m digital cameras , 135 m MP3 players , 209 m PCs , 957 m phones ... 1 % market share is 10 million phones .
" Exactly what we 're trying to do , 1 % market share in 2008 , 10 million units and we 'll go from there .
" 10:58 am - " So , today we 've added to the Mac and the iPod , we 've added Apple TV , and now iPhone .
And you know , the Mac is the only one you really think of as a computer , and we 've thought about this and we thought , you know , maybe our name should reflect this better than it does . " " From this day forward we 're going to be known as Apple , Inc .
We 've dropped the computer from our name .
" 10:59 am - " You know , I did n't sleep a wink last night , I was so excited about today .
We 've been so lucky at Apple , we 've had some real revolutionary products .
The Mac in 84 , the iPod in 2001 , and we 're gonna do it again with the iPhone in 2007 -- we 're VERY excited about this .
" " There 's an old Wayne Gretsky quote I love -- ' I skate to where the puck is going to be , not to where it 's been . '
That 's what we try to do at Apple .
Thank you very , very much . "
Huge , huge applause , standing ovation .
11:00 am - " Thank you , thank you .
I 'd like to highlight the folks that worked on this product ... can all the folks here who worked on this product please stand up ?
Let 's give them a round of Applause .
" 11:01 am - " I also can't leave without thanking our families -- they have n't seen a lot of us in the last 6 months .
Without their support we could n't do what we do .
You do n't know how much we need you and appreciate you , so thank you . "
" We 've got a really special treat today , we do n't have a lot of traditions at Apple besides making great products .
One of them is that John Mayer has helped us at every Macworld over the years .
" 11:02 am - " It 's our pleasure to welcome John Mayer , " who will now play the keynote off .
Anyone else remember that Chappelle show sketch ?
That 's it !
10:57 am - 10:56 am - And Steve 's back ...
" As Stan 's said , we started working together about two years ago , and we come from two different worlds .
We love these guys , we 're going to bring some great stuff to market over the years together .
Let 's take a look at this market and how big it is .
So how big is this market ... " Clickers are dead , even his replacement .
" They 're scrambling back stage right now . "
Laughter .
10:56 am - " You know , when I was in high school , Steve Woz and I made this little device called the TV jammer -- this little oscillator that put out frequencies that would screw up the TV ...
We 'd go into a dorm at Berkeley we 'd screw up the TV while people are watching Star Trek .
"
Ok , we 're back ...
Europe in the 4th quarter of this year , Asia in 2008 .
" We 've chosen Cingular . " " They 're going to be our exclusive partner in the US -- it 's a unique partnership though .
We 're going to be doing innovation together .
We worked on visual voicemail , the first fruit of this collaboration .
We 'll be selling iPhone through our own stores and Cingular stores .
" 10:49 am - " It 's my pleasure to introduce the CEO of Cingular , Stan Sigman . "
Why hello Stanny boy .
" We entered into contractual agreement without ever even seeing the phone -- that 's because of the confidence I have of Steve to deliver on his vision ... 10:50 am - " It 's a real honor for Cingular to be partnering with Apple -- it 's AT&T .
Days ago Cingular became a part of the new AT&T ... "
AT&T logo up on screen .
10:51 am - " We 're announcing a partnership that takes the mobile phone experience to a new level by bringing together the best network with the best device .
Networks are the foundation of what Cingular and AT&T do . " " When it comes to networks AT&T wrote the book -- their quality is legendary .
Put this with Apple products together and what do you get ?
You get the best voice and data experience ... "
Man this guy is a total snoozer .
10:52 am -
We 've immediately dropped back into cuecard keynote mode , stats on Cingular , stores , distribution , yadda .
" We 're pleased to partner with Apple to deliver one of the most eagerly anticipated products ever -- the iPhone . " 10:53 am - " We are changing the way companies work together .
Apple and Cingular have a multi - year exclusive partnership .
This is not an MVNO -- ours is a unique relationship that lets Apple be Apple , and let 's Cingular be Cingular . " 10:54 am - " iPhone owners will be Cingular and AT&T customers -- they 'll get the best network and service in the business .
Apple ... Cingular ... and AT&T have come a long ways . "
" What should we price it at ?
For a 4GB model we 're pricing it at $ 499 -- no premium whatsoever .
"
We 're going to have an 8 GB model for just $ 599 . " 10:48 am - " When 's it going to be available ?
We 're shipping them in June -- we 're announcing it today because we have to go get FCC approval ... we thought it'd be better to introduce this today rather than let the FCC introduce this .
Battery life : " A lot of these phones have low battery life .
We 've managed to get 5 hours of battery of talk time , video , and browsing .
16 hours of audio playback .
" 10:44 am - We 've been pushing the state of the art in every facet of this design .
We 've got the multi - touch screen , miniaturization , OS X in a mobile device , precision enclosures , three advanced sensors , desktop class applications , and the widescreen video iPod .
We filed for over 200 patents for all the inventions in iPhone and we intend to protect them . "
" We 've advanced the state of the art in every aspect of design .
It 's the ultimate digital device .
So what should we price it at ? " 10:46 am - " Our most popular iPod is $ 199 -- what 's a smartphone cost ?
Somewhere around $ 299 with a two year contract .
" He 's combined the two for a $ 499 for the combo -- " What should we charge for the iPhone ?
We should charge more for this stuff !...
" 10:47 am - " Is n't that incredible ?
Right on my PHONE !
Look at this , the Eiffel tower -- is n't that incredible ?
Here 's the last one , the colliseum in Rome . " 10:30 am - " All these amazing things -- this is a breakthrough internet communicator built right into iPhone . "
Reviewing the features ...
" Incredible new technology for entering text , a real browser on the phone , we can zoom in , Google maps , Widgets ... it 's the internet in your pocket for the first time ever .
You can't really think about the internet without thinking about google .
" 10:31 am - " From google what we have on the phone is google search built right into the browser and google maps .
We 've been working closely with them .. it 's my pleaseure now to introduce Dr. Eric Schmidt , Google 's CEO . " 10:32 am - Eric : " I 've had the privilege of joining the board and there 's a lot of relationships ... if we merge the companies we can call it Applegoo -- but I 'm not a marketing guy .
You can actually merge without merging .
Each company should do the absolutely best thing they can do every time , and he 's shown it today . "
Huge applause , again . 10:33 am - " We can take the enormous brain trust of the Apple team and the open protocols of companies like google and put them in an environment for end users .
From a gooogle perspective we 've pushed very hard to partner with Apple and working with many many different data service , -- Steve showed a little bit .
It comes together seamlessly .
This is the first of a whole new generation ... " " Steve , my congratulations to you , this product is going to be HOT . " 10:34 am - " As a board member you 'll get one of the first ones ! " Har .
" You also ca n't think about the internet without thinking about Yahoo .
We 've got Yahoo search built right in , and we 've got Yahoo IMAP email services .
So it 's my great pleasure to introduce Jerry Yang , co-founder and Chief Yahoo ! " 10:35 am - Jerry 's up on stage , " Thank you Steve .
I 'm not a board member of Apple , but I 'd love to have one of these too .
We 're really proud of Yahoo to be partnering with Apple .
One of the things we 're going to be doing is launching some of our new services , Yahoo Go and One Search on this phone .
Mail is a killer app on the phone , Yahoo is trying to redesign the web and email experience on mobile devices .
The best spam protection , address books , and calendar when you 're on yahoo --
It 's like BlackBerry without an Exchange Server . " 10:36 am - " We want to take what Apple 's doing reinventing the phone and do that on the internet -- great form factors , user experiences , and UI , and translate them into a seamless internet experience .
We want to take the Web 2.0 into the device world -- you have my address Steve , please send it to me .
" 10:37 am - " It 's been great having the two greatest companies on the web right down the block .
Thank you guys so much , you 've really helped us put the internet in the phone .
10:38 am - " So , an internet communicator , an iPod , and a phone .
Let 's put them all together and see what you can do in a real - life scenario ... " 10:39 am - Another hands - on demo .
" Let 's see what happens when a phone call comes while listening to music -- music fades out and the call comes through .
" 10:40 am - Phil wants photos to use as his screen saver , one of the phones from Hawaii .
Go figure !
Steve is emailing the photo -- shrinks , compose window pops up ( he 's still on the phone with Phil , mind you ) , and he sends it .
He ends the call , and the music pops right back up , no pauses , no fuss .
Uproarious applause .
10:41 am - " Today Apple is reinventing the phone .
How does this stack up ?
Let 's look at the competition ... "
Treo , BB , E62 , Q... comparing mail , contacts , calendars , web ...
" Let 's see the web , we tried to make it look as good as we could .
And this is what you get . "
Comparing music ... " After today , I do n't think anyone 's going to look at these phones the same way agaoin .
" 10:42 am - Accessories : stereo headphones with a tiny dongle , mic and a switch .
Push it together to answer or hang up on a call .
" Yes , I 'd like to order 4000 lattes to go please .
Sorry , wrong number thank you ! "
Huge laughs , huge applause .
10:29 am - " Pinch if I want to , or I can double - tap to zoom in .
Let 's go somewhere else ... "
People are rapt , everyone is actually literally leaning forward and on the edge of their seat .
We 've never seen a presentation like this before .
" I can look at my email in a split view , just like I 'm on my computer .
I like the fullscreen view -- we have the standard inbox , drafts , all the folders , real email just like you 're used to , right here on your phone .
Again , free IMAP email from Yahoo .
Let me create an email message , let me show you what that 's like ...
I just type PH and boom , address completion .
" He 's typing slowly ... but hey , he 's only got one thumb since he 's holding the device for the demo .
We can't wait to see it in landscape .
Now I want to show you somethign incredible , I want to show you Safari running on a mobile device .
I 'm going to load in the NYT , rather than just give you the WAP version , we 're showing you the WHOLE NYT web site .
I can put this into landscape mode and there it is , I can scroll up and down here ...
" The resolution is unbelievable looking from back here .
We do n't yet know the dimensions , but It looks unbelievably fine grained .
10:23 am - " I can double - tap and it'll zoom in -- I can make this text bigger if I want to , and there it is .
Is n't this cool ?
There is the New York Times .
Unbelievable .
You can look at multiple web pages as well , I just push this button in the corner , shrinks it down , and I can add a new page .
Let 's go to Amazon .
I like looking at what DVDs are selling -- I like especially when Disney DVDs are on top .
" 10:24 am - Page is loading , albeit a bit slowly .
" And here we are , and there 's a section over here , and these are the top sellers .
Oh look , Als' An Inconvenient Truth is number one .
Now I can go back to the NYT if I want , I can get rid of these by just hitting the X . "
Looks a bit like the UIQ browser , but much more slick .
10:25 am - " I hope you never really know how incredible this is ... it 's bad out there .
This is a revolution of the first order .
I 'm going to load stock information off the web , and right onto the phone here . "
Apple 's shares up over $ 2.50 .
Ha.10:26 am - " I can go look at the weather , let 's see what it 's like outside ... 49 degrees , but we 'll just stay in here until it warms up . "
Showing various time zones , scrolling left and right .
" Now , to conclude with the internet device section , I want to show you google Maps on iPhone -- it comes up and I 'm going to go to Moscone West .
And here we are , boom , I 'm going to want a cup of coffee afterwards , so I 'm going to search for StarBucks . "
Shows Gmaps POI info including number and address , which drops right into the dialer .
He 's calling StarBucks .
10:10 am - " Phil , thanks very much I gotta get back to the keynote now . "
Demoing favorites , it looks pretty easy , no doubt .
" It 's that simple to edit these things .
I 've got recents right here , I can see all my recent phone calls ... and those are all the calls I 've placed or have gotten .
If I want to dial the phone and I 'm real last century , I can dial the numbers . "
Dialing digits , the numbers get smaller as he dials .
" Now let me show you visual voicemail , this is a collaboration which I 'll talk more about later .
It allows us to have random - access voicemail .
Oh , there 's a voicemail by Al Gore . " 10:11 am - Tim Cook 's voicemail was of revenue results : " You know , this can wait until later ... "
Laughter .10:12 am - " I can have multiple SMS conversations .
Here 's the conversation I 've been carrying on [ shows QWERTY keyboard on screen ] .
I 've got this little keyboard that prevents error , it 's really fast to type on , faster than the little plastic keyboards on all those smartphones .
' Sounds great , see you there . "
Some predictive text it seems , he 'd probably rock this thing faster with thumbs .
" I can just pick up that conversation where I left off .
" 10:13 am - " The third app I want to show you is Photos -- we also have the coolest photo management ever .
Certainly on a mobile device , but I think EVER .
Let me go to photos , scroll through here ... to go through pictures I just swipe them .
There 's one that 's landscape , I can just turn my device and there it is .
I can swipe while I 'm in landscape . "
Audience guy : " Awesome . "
Steve : " Is n't this awesome ? ?
" 10:15 am - " So photos , SMS , and the phone app -- that is part of our phone package for iPhone .
Really great call management , scroll through contacts with your finger , all the information at your fingertips .
Favorites , last century [ shows dialer ] , calendar , SMS texting , incredible photo app , the ability to take any picture and make it your wallpaper .
I think you 'll agree ... we 've reinvented the phone .
" 10:14 am - I can just take my fingers and I can move them together and further apart , and make the photo bigger or smaller . "
HUGE applause -- touch gesturing apparently really hit a chord with these people .
10:16 am - " Now let 's take a look at an internet communications device .
We 've got some real breakthroughs here .
We 've got rich HTML emails on iPhone .
It works with any IMAP or POP3 email service .
We wanted the best web browser on a phone -- so we picked the best one in the world , Safari .
We have Safari running on iPhone -- it 's the first fully - usable browser on a cellphone .
We have Google Maps . "
Big applause .
10:17 am - " We have widgets , it communicates with the internet over WiFi and EDGE -- you do n't have to do anything , it connects to the WiFi seamlessly .
" 10:18 am - " It connects to any POP3 or IMAP email -- Yahoo Mail , MS Exchange , Mac Mail ...
POP3 : Gmail , AOL mail , and most ISPs ... let 's highlight one , Yahoo mail .
Today we are announcing Yahoo will offer free push - IMAP email to iPhone customers .
This is n't just IMAP , this is push - email , same as a BlackBerry . " 10:19 am - " I 'd like to show you mail , Google maps ...
I 've got my inbox here , this is running live on Yahoo IMAP email .
I 've got inline photos , rich - text email .
Let 's look at another one ... again , inline photos , rich text .
Shopping list , rich text , pretty cool .
i Phone parses out phone numbers , they 're in blue and I can just call this place .
" 10:20 am - 10:06 am - " I can't tell you how thrilled I am to make the first public phone call with iPhone . "
It 's in speakerphone mode .
10:07 am - " I remember when we first started working on this ... "
Phil Schiller 's on the other line .
" Steve , I wanted to be the first call ! " 10:08 am - " Hey listen , Phil called , you mind if I conference him in ?
I just push that right here and now I 've created a conference call .
" Attendees scrolling up on top .
" So here we are and listen , I have to get back to my keynote ...
Johnny , do you have anything to say on the first phone call ? "
" It 's not to shabby , is it ? " 9:58 am - Everything is totally touch , big shiny icons .
" I turn my unit landscape mode , and look what happens !
" it goes into CoverFlow ... not the fastest scrolling .
We would n't exactly say it scrolls like butter -- but close .
9:59 am -" I just pick something and play something -- it 's that easy . "
Plays more .
" It 's that simple , is n't that great ? " " I 've also got audiobooks , I 've videos .
I 've got TV shows and movies , this is an episode from the Office ... " 10:01 am - Touch play control overlays ... it looks really good .
You can drop into widescreen or pan and scan mode .
" Again , on - screen controls , is this cool ? " 10:02 - " So that is the iPhone .
Pretty cool , huh ?
We 've just started .
So again , touch your music , scroll through your songs and your music .
" 10:03 am - " It 's unbelievable .
Here 's some album art ... no matter what you like , it looks pretty doggone gorgeous .
... with onscreen controls .
I was giving the demo to someone a little while ago , and I finished the demo and I said what do you think ?
They said ' You had me at scrolling .
'" 10:04 am - " We want to reinvent the phone .
What 's the killer app ?
The killer app is making calls !
It 's amazing how hard it is to make calls on most phones .
We want to let you use contacts like never before -- sync your iPhone with your PC or mac .
Visual voicemail -- would n't it be great if you did n't have to listen to five of them to list to the sixth ?
Just like email you can go directly to the voicemails that interest you .
iPhone is a quad - band GSM + EDGE phone . "
No 3G !
" We have WiFi and Bluetooth 2.0 " 10:05 am - " This is what it looks like when you get a call -- thisis one of our ringtones .
I want to show you the phone app , photos , calendar , and SM messaging .
The kind of things you 'd find on a typical phone .
So let 's go ahead and take a look .
So let 's go to our phone first , the phone icon in the lower left corner ?
Boom , I 'm in the phone .
I have favorites , contacts , ... " Whoa , they put Jonathan Ive 's phone number up on screen .
Ummm ... not smart Steve , I hope that 's a PAYG line .
" iPhone runs OS X !
" Huge cheers .
" Why would we want to run such a sophisticated OS on a mobile device ?
It 's got everything we need .
Multitasking , networking , power management , graphics , security , video , graphics , audio core animation ... "
" So how are we going to take this to a mobile device ?
Get rid of all the buttons , and just make a giant screen .
So how are we going to communicate ?
We 're going to use a stylus -- no .
Who wants a stylus ??
Yuck ! " 9:48 am - " So let 's not use a stylus , we 're going to use the best pointing device in the world -- our fingers .
We have invented a new technology called multi-touch .
It works like magic , you do n't need a stylus , far more accurate than any interface ever shipped , it ignores touches , mutli - finger gestures , and BOY have we patented it !
9:49 am - " We have been very lucky to have brought a few revolutionary user interfaces to the market -- the mouse , the click wheel , and now Multi -Touch .
Each has made possible a revolutionary product , the Mac , the iPod , and now the iPhone .
We 're going to build on top of that with software .
Software on mobile phones is like baby - software .
Today we 're going to show you a software breakthrough .
Software that 's 5 - years ahead of what 's on any other phone . "
" And we are calling it iPhone ! " " Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone .
And here it is ... "
It 's a gag image , cheers .
9:44 am - " Before we get into it , let me talk about a category of things ... the most advanced phones are called smartphones .
They typically involve a phone , have plastic little keyboards on them , the problem is they 're not so smart and they 're not so easy to use .
If you make a biz school 101 graph , cellphones are at the bottom ... smartphones are a little smarter , but they 're harder to use .
" 9:45 am - " We do n't want to make either one of these things -- we want to make a leapfrog product , smart and easy to use .
This is what iPhone is . "
How the hell are they calling it iPhone , now ?
Linksys ? Cisco ?9:46 am - A revolutionary UI , the result of years of development -- the result of years of development . "
Shows Q , Treo , E62 , BlackBerry .
" 9:47 am - " The problem is really in the bottom 40 % -- keyboards that are there whether you need them or not .
They have control buttons that are fixed in plastic .
Every app wants a different button .
You can't add new buttons .
How do you solve this problem ?
We solved this problem -- we solved it in computers 20 years ago .
A bitmap screen that can display anything we want -- with a pointing device . "
9:15 am - People are standing on seats .
" We 're going to make some history together today .
" 9:16 am - " It was just a year ago we announced we were going to switch to Intel .
A huge heart transplant .
A beautiful seamless version of OS X for Intel processors .
Our hardware team got to cranking out a new Mac with Intel processors every month .
" 9:17 am - " We 've had an extremely successful year , I want to thank our users very much .
Our retail stores are selling half their Macs to people who 've never owned a Mac before .
Switchers .
More than half the Macs sold in the US are to switchers .
Here 's a new one soon , Jim Allchin from Microsoft . "
Heh.9:18 am - They made a Vista ad. Hodgman and Long ; he 's in a hospital gown , going into " major surgery , " upgrading to Vista . 9:20 am - " 2007 is going to be a great year for the Mac .
Over the next several months we 're going to roll out some awesome stuff for the Mac .
The first thing I 'd like to do is give you an update on our music business . "
Introducing the 5G iPod , nano , and shuffle -- " It 's the world 's most popular video player by a wide margin , and the new nano is the world 's most popular MP3 player by a wide margin .
The shuffle is the world 's most wearable MP3 player . "
Chuckles .
" We have sold over two BILLION songs on iTunes . " 9:21 am - " There was an article recently stating that iTunes sales have slowed dramatically ; I do n't know what data they 're looking at ... "
( Shows chart with insane upward slope . )
" We are selling over 5 million songs a day now .
That 's 58 songs every second ... the last time we talked we were the fifth largest music retailer in the US .
We have now passed Amazon ; we sell more music than Amazon and we are now # 4 . " 9:22 am - " And you can guess who our next target might be . " ( # 3 is Target . )
" I 'm very pleased to report that we have sold 50 million TV shows .
Let 's go on to movies ... when we decided to sell movies , Disney was our pioneering partner .
In the first four months of selling movies we have sold 1.3 million movies on iTunes .
And today we have a new partner selling movies on iTunes -- that partner is Paramount . "
Loud applause , people love Paramount .
Tomb Raider , Italian Job , Wrath of Khan , Chinatown , Zoolander , School of Rock , Sum of all Fears .
" We are moving up to over 250 movies offered on iTunes . " 9:23 am - " As I said , we have a very strong lineup of players this holiday season .
We had a new competitor this holiday season , Microsoft 's Zune .
How'd they do ?
They garnered 2 % market share in November 2006 ... we do n't have data for December .
No matter how you try and spin this , what can you say ? "
Zune goes aflame .
Oh , Steve.9:26 am - New ads .
Same vibrant colors dancing spastically on black background to indie rock .
It 's a party up in here .
" Just to let you in on our process a little bit -- these guys are incredibly creative , they just could n't stop .
They took these same dancers and came up with what you 're about to see ... " another ad , same but this time with graffiti-esque background .
Those will be running shortly .
" Now I 'd like to talk about a product we introduced in September .
It 's called Apple TV . " 9:27 am - " You should go with your codename -- I might call this iTV five times , but it 's Apple TV .
You can buy great content on iTunes ... and you can put that content on your iPod .
Now you can buy a widescreen TV and hook up an Apple TV to it , and wireless transmit that content to your bigscreen TV .
It 's that simple .
Let 's look at the back to refresh ourselves .
USB 2 , Ethernet , WiFi , HDMI , component , audio , and optical out . "
Same as it was September , no real surprises here .
9:29 am - " Let me tell you more about what this box does .
720 p high def video .
It 's got a 40 GB hard drive , which comes in handy for something I 'm about to show you ... and 802.11b/g/n , and an Intel processor .
It 's a really cool box .
It works with video , music , and photos .
You can auto - sync content from your PC , and you can stream content from up to 5 computers .
" 9:30 am - " Let 's examine this in a little more detail .
Just like in iTunes you can setup your Apple TV -- take my 10 most recent unwatched movies and it'll automatically stream in the background to Apple TV and be stored on the hard drive .
So whenever I got to watch something , they 're there .
I can stream wirelessly from five computers .
I can watch it from other computers in the house but it 's not stored on the hard drive .
PCs or Macs , I just choose the computer of my life . "
[ A MacBook Pro. ] 9:31 am - Showing screensaver , shows your photos on your TV .
Here 's what it looks like , Movies , TV shows , Podcasts , music ... we have all my movies that are stored on my Apple TV .
I can also look at theatrical trailers , streaming right from Apple.com . "
I 'm gonna watch one called the Good Shepherd , let 's watch this ... "
It 's demoing live , but somehow we doubt this is 720 p , especially on a 40 - foot screen .
Whatever it is , it looks pretty good .
" You can sit on your couch and watch theatrical movie trailers on your Apple TV .
Let 's play Zoolander , here ... " 9:33 am - " So that 's movies , now let 's go take a look at TV shows here .
Again , it 's incredibly cool , let 's check out Heroes . "
Demoing more video .
9:36 am - Still demoing ... ok , we 're back .
" Well , that 's TV shows .
Now let me show you music .
Now iTV is -- heh , Apple TV ... it turns out it 's awesome for listening to music on your home theater system .
Let me go down into playlists here , I 've got a favorites playlist , I 'll just shuffle some songs to show you what it 's like playing some music . "
Slick black iPod - like interface on screen , CoverFlow ... it flips the image .
" It does that so it does n't burn a hole in your plasma TV . " 9:37 am - " Now let 's go to photos -- these are high def , we can see your photos right on your TV .
Here 's an example of a photo album I made ... " 9:38 am - " What I 've been demonstrating so far is primarily content synced from my computer .
Now let 's connect to someone else 's computer ...
Phil Shiller my neighbor has come over . "
Phil's on stage .
Phil 's carrying a BlackBook -- showing the streamed interface , looking through 30 Rock . 9:39 am - " Thank you Phil !
That is Apple TV . " 9:40 am - " We think this is pretty cool .
Movies , TV shows , music , and photos all on your widescreen TV .
Priced at $ 299 . "
" And , we 'll be shipping them in February , we 'll be taking order starting today . "
" Enjoy your media on your bigscreen TV , we think this is really going to be something special . "
Steve takes a swig .
" Ahem . "
Apple logo .9:41 am - " This is a day I 've been looking forward to for two and a half years . "
" Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything .
One is very fortunate if you get to work on just one of these in your career .
Apple has been very fortunate that it 's been able to introduce a few of these into the world .
In 1984 we introduced the Macintosh .
It did n't just change Apple , it changed the whole industry .
In 2001 we introduced the first iPod , and it did n't just change the way we all listened to music , it changed the entire music industry .
" 9:42 am - " Well today , we 're introducing THREE revolutionary new products .
The first one is a widescreen ipod with touch controls "
The crowd goes wild .
" The second is a revolutionary new mobile phone .
" 9:43 am - " And the third is a breakthrough internet communications device . "
Tepid response on that last one , but he almost got a standing ovation on the phone . '
Oct. 5 , 2005  --
It started on a small military base in central Kansas , when one soldier came down with a fever .
Within a few hours , about 100 soldiers had reported to the Fort Riley infirmary with the same complaint .
By 1919 , one year later , the so - called Spanish flu had spread around the world , killing an estimated 50 million people , with more than 500,000 dead in the U.S. ( That included 195,000 just in the single month of October 1918 . )
The disease took more lives than the black plague , and more than all the wars of the 20th century combined .
In especially virulent cases , many of the afflicted died just hours after feeling their first symptoms .
Death estimates vary because people often died and were buried before they could be named or counted .
Health experts are concerned that the Spanish flu that ravaged the world has many similarities to the avian flu now found throughout Southeast Asia .
The 1918 flu strain itself originated as an avian flu that mutated into a form that could jump between humans .
And the 1918 strain , according to research published this week in the scientific journals Nature and Science , has several of the same genetic mutations as the current avian flu strain .
Could a deadly pandemic happen again ?
Some doctors say yes .
The Parallels
Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville , Tenn. , says there are some parallels between the avian flu and the Spanish flu .
" It was a new influenza strain at the time , " Schaffner said of the Spanish flu .
" The population of people on the whole planet had no experience with it . "
The longer a flu strain has been around , the more time people have had to build up resistance to it .
Another striking parallel between the two diseases is the victims .
While most flu viruses strike the very young and very old , the Spanish flu affected many between the ages of 20 and 35 .
The avian flu has followed a similar pattern .
" It particularly had a high fatality rate among young , healthy people , " Schaffner said of the 1918 pandemic .
Sending the Flu Over There
The flu that struck Fort Riley killed 48 soldiers in the spring of 1918 .
It might have been contained there but for one thing : World War I .
Soldiers gathering in military bases were shipped out to Europe that year , bringing with them the deadly virus .
Though the Spanish flu was spread aboard ships and in the trenches and military camps of Europe and America , Schaffner notes the avian flu might be dispersed even more quickly and easily today .
" It would spread much more rapidly on airplanes , " Schaffner notes .
" The potential for rapid spread is much greater today . "
Chaos Struck American Cities
With the Spanish flu spreading uncontrolled in cities and rural areas alike , a breakdown in the social fabric of many communities came quickly .
Orphans wandered the streets while bodies piled up in makeshift morgues .
Coffins were in short supply so open carts picked up the dead from front porches .
Many bodies were hurriedly buried in mass graves dug by steam shovels .
Panicked communities across the country enacted a variety of laws to address the invisible enemy .
Public gatherings of all kinds – even in saloons – were outlawed .
Handshakes became illegal .
Funerals were not allowed to last more than 15 minutes .
Face masks of thin gauze ( though worthless against the virus ) were required by law in some areas .
" In San Francisco , you could n't go out in the street without a mask , " said Alfred W. Crosby , historian and author of " America 's Forgotten Pandemic : The Influenza of 1918 . "
" The important thing is the measures that were taken were ineffective and taken too late , " Crosby said .
Still , some tried to continue with life as if the pandemic did n't exist .
In Philadelphia , a mass rally was organized to sell war bonds , despite the concerns of some city officials .
The rally , attracting a crowd estimated at 200,000 , proved a fertile ground for the virus .
In that hard - hit city , some 12,000 deaths from " the Spanish Lady " were reported .
Medical facilities were strained beyond the breaking point as many doctors and nurses were serving overseas .
Schools , businesses , farms and factories were shuttered as workers and customers were afraid to leave the house – or were dead .
The military fighting in Europe was also decimated by the virus .
In many units , the flu killed more men than the enemy .
Camphor and Kerosene
In the absence of any cure or treatment , paranoia , nationalism and suspicion ran rampant .
" In 1918 , people tried to blame it on the German U - boats who came up to the coast and gave everyone the flu , " said Crosby .
The Spaniards called it the French flu .
The name Spanish flu likely came from the fact that Spanish newspapers – uncensored by authorities because Spain did not participate in WWI – were among the first to report large numbers of deaths from the disease .
Without a cure , the desperate reached for a number of remedies .
Some hung balls of camphor around their necks .
Others ate lumps of sugar flavored with kerosene .
" People did everything you could think of , " said Crosby .
His favorite cure of the time : " Tie a red ribbon around your right arm . "
Though smaller waves of the Spanish flu came and went after 1918 , the disease left almost as quickly as it arrived – anyone exposed to the illness had either developed a resistance or died .
Are We Better Prepared Today ?
Health officials worldwide have expressed alarm at the vigor of the avian flu , and doctors debate whether society is better equipped to deal with a pandemic than in 1918 .
" We 're in a much better position now than we were then , " said Dr. Stephen Baum , Chairman of the Department of Medicine and infectious disease specialist at Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City .
" There are some antiviral agents that can probably have a beneficial effect on ameliorating the disease [ avian flu ] a bit and decreasing transmission , " Baum said .
Both oseltamivir ( Tamiflu ) and zanamivir ( Relenza ) have been shown to be effective against influenza .
" These things can be identified in remarkably short time these days , " Baum added , noting that the SARS virus was identified in less than six weeks , whereas it took nine to 12 months for the cause of Legionnaire 's disease to be identified after it appeared in 1976 .
Baum also notes that the role of hand washing and personal hygiene is better understood today than in 1918 .
" We 've obviously come a long way , " Baum said .
" It does n't have to happen again . "
U.S. Stockpiles Are Low
But doctors also admit that much work remains to prevent another deadly pandemic .
Vanderbilt 's Schaffner concedes that antiviral medication can be effective , " if we have enough and we can get it to people in time . "
Stockpiles of antiviral medication in the U.S. are perilously low , according to some analysts , and the treatment is only effective if started within 48 hours of infection .
" You 've got to really invest vast resources right now to protect us from a pandemic , " said Schaffner .
Baum acknowledges that a vaccine to prevent the avian flu remains elusive .
" There 's nobody making vaccines anymore because the profitability is low and the liability is high , " said Baum .
" There 's got to be government support for vaccine development and production . "
Many countries are slow to admit that an infectious health problem is brewing within their borders .
" On a political level , we need the places that have a problem with this [ infectious diseases ] to be upfront about it , " said Baum .
" Certainly with AIDS , many countries have been reluctant in admitting they have AIDS . "
Pandemic Like a Hurricane
And what if a pandemic were to strike again ?
Crosby and Schaffner compare the nation 's response to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita to our response to a possible flu pandemic .
" When I look at the Gulf Coast after the hurricane , I 'm not encouraged , " Crosby said .
" Today we have news 24/ 7 and people would just go into hysteria . "
" It would be a hurricane to hit the entire country , " said Schaffner .
" It would be a punch to the solar plexus and it would take us a long time to recover . "
" The whole world economy would shudder , " Schaffner added .
Hundreds of adherents to Scientology gathered outside the controversial organization 's new center in Berlin 's central Charlottenburg district for the opening on Saturday .
A small number of protesters were also there , one of whom held a sign reading " Brainwashing , No Thank You . "
Scientology , whose followers include powerful Hollywood film stars Tom Cruise and John Travolta , remodeled a six - storey , 4,000 - square - meter ( 43,000 - square - foot ) building to boost its profile in the German capital .
Opponents say the group , which has rapidly expanded in Europe in recent years , tries to lure impressionable young people with aggressive recruitment methods and harasses critics .
A small group of protesters showed up Saturday
An internal Church of Scientology document about the gleaming new center in Berlin obtained by AFP indicated that the group sought not only new members but also political influence in Germany .
" In order to implement our planetary salvation campaigns , we must have access to the highest levels of the German government in Berlin , " it said .
Founded in the United States in 1954 by science - fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard , Scientology was accorded the status of religion there in 1993 and enjoys exemption from paying taxes .
Under observation
But it is regarded with suspicion in many European countries -- including Belgium , France , Germany and Greece -- where authorities contend its leaders seek economic gain and use totalitarian methods to keep supporters in line .
L. Ron Hubbard
German authorities say between 5,000 and 6,000 Scientologists live in the country while the Los Angeles - based organization cites 30,000 .
The group is under observation by the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution and several state security watchdogs , although not by the Berlin authorities following a successful court challenge by the group .
The secretary general of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's conservative Christian Democrats , Ronald Pofalla , said the left - leaning government in Berlin had made a serious mistake by allowing the new center to open .
" It is intolerable that Scientology can throw its weight around in the capital of Germany , " he said .
The chairman of the Lutheran Church in Germany , Wolfgang Huber , said Scientology had nothing to do with religion " and certainly nothing to do with Christianity , " and should not enjoy the protection of the state .
" They want to pressure people and do business under the cloak of religion , " he told the Berlin daily B.Z. , adding that Scientology aimed to make its followers into " perfect machines . "
An image from a commercial for Scientology
A Scientology expert with the Hamburg interior ministry , Ursula Caberta , said the group aimed to undermine German democracy with a " cynical ideology . "
" They want to be represented in all the capitals of Europe , " Caberta said , noting that the organization has already established centers in Madrid , London and Brussels .
Citizens , not the state should decide , some say
A Scientology spokesman in Berlin , however , denied in a brief statement that the group planned to meddle in political affairs .
And the US State Department has frequently criticized the policies of Belgium , France and Germany for its " discrimination against minority religions , " including Scientology .
Tom Cruise is a Scientologist
Despite deep skepticism about Scientology in Germany , some observers have argued against state suppression of the group , saying that German citizens should be trusted to discover any faults of the organization on their own .
" If , for example , school children are being targeted for indoctrination with tutoring courses offered by Scientology then the state must protect the weak , " Berlin 's daily Tagesspiegel wrote in an editorial this week .
" Otherwise the public 's most powerful weapon is democracy .
Nothing more and nothing less . "
I spoke with a colleague this morning , who 's considering taking on a test management position .
He wanted to take advantage of his time to ask questions of his interviewers , because the previous two managers were not successful in the position .
Here are the questions he 's decided to ask :
What is your management style ?
( When he listens for this , he 'll listen for acknowledgement that his future manager has thought about management styles .
This is a hypothetical question , unless he checks the answers with a peer manager . )
How will I be judged / evaluated ?
( If your hiring manager has n't analyzed the job and developed concrete actions for you to take as a new hire , this is a great way to start the conversation . )
How do you organize the work ?
( Everyone organizes .
Some people have opaque organizations , some have transparent organizations 🙂
What are your expectations ?
( Especially for a test manager or a support manager , understanding the expectations of your manager is a Very Good Idea .
Are you supposed to find all the defects ?
( Impossible . )
Are you supposed to close each incident within 24 hours ?
( Impossible . )
Tell me about a time when there was a disagreement between you and your staff ( one or many ) .
What happened ?
( Here 's a chance to hear how interventionist your manager is and if there 's a lot of conflict among the staff .
Some managers bury conflict : “ We have no conflict . ”
Some resolve it all themselves , the managers look like a bunch of 3 - year - olds .
Some encourage discussion and then everyone 's supposed to have the same public face .
Discover what causes conflict , and how it 's handled .
What do you think the differences are between managing a testing group and managing a programming group ?
( Especially if the test manager reports to a manager who 's from the development arena , this is a critical question .
If the manager says , “ I have n't thought about it , ” you have an opportunity to learn from each other .
If the manager says , “ No difference , ” I would run away .
What do you do when a bug is found ?
( Some managers go directly to blame instead of fixing and considering corrective action . )
When is the last time you wanted to change something in your group .
What happened ?
( Frequently , test managers are supposed to drive change , but no one else thinks they need to change .
Oops .
Use this question to see what else has changed and how . )
Has there been anything you have wanted to drive change about ?
What happened ?
( Managers need to change things every so often , to be effective .
This is a check to make sure your potential manager is intentional about changing things . )
Take the time to think of questions that make sense for your role and the context of the organization .
Make sure you ask your questions in a behavior - description way , wherever possible .
Whatever you do , make sure you avoid leading questions ( “ You give regular feedback to your employees , right ? ” )
Leading questions tell the person how to answer the question , and you want to know what the manager really does and does n't do .
Share this : Email
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Hand Holding For Linux Newbies
Customize Your Ubuntu Desktop
Multimedia Troubleshooting
Ubuntu On Laptops
Configuring X11
Package Management Demystified
Ubuntu Security
Administration
Run Ubuntu Inside Windows
Set Up A Small Home / Office Server
Book Specifications
I recently got hold of a very nice book on Ubuntu called Ubuntu Hacks co-authored by three authors - Kyle Rankin , Jonathan Oxer and Bill Childers .
This is the latest of the hack series of books published by O'Reilly .
They have made available a rough cut version of the book online ahead of schedule which was how I got hold of the book but as of now you can also buy the book in print .
Put in a nutshell , this book is a collection of around 100 tips and tricks which the authors choose to call hacks , which explain how to accomplish various tasks in Ubuntu Linux .
The so called hacks range from down right ordinary to the other end of the spectrum of doing specialised things .
The book is divided into 10 chapters each containing a collection of hacks on a particular topic .
In the first chapter titled - , the authors explains how to install Ubuntu on a Mac and Windows PC , moving data like mail from windows Outlook express to Ubuntu , setting up a printer and more .
This chapter contains a total of 14 hacks .
And my favorite hack is the one where the authors explains how to create a customized version of Ubuntu Live CD containing ones favourite applications .
The second chapter dwells on the topics related to customizing the Ubuntu desktop .
Here the authors give tips to install Java , customize Ubuntu desktop , install additional window managers , synchronizing ones PDA and Pocket PC , just to name a few .
This chapter contains around 27 tips .
My favourite one here would be how to create PDF files by using the print command from any application in Ubuntu .
Ubuntu like other main stream GNU / Linux distributions is encumbered by the patent restrictions related to various popular multimedia file formats .
The net result is one cannot play multimedia files like mp3 , wmv or quick time in a default Ubuntu installation .
In the chapter titled " Multimedia " , one gets to know how to enable audio and video applications bundled with Ubuntu to play these restricted media files .
Topics like CD ripping , playing encrypted DVDs and playing any media formats using the all time popular mplayer are also explained in simple detail .
But the one hack which takes the prize is that which explains how to buy songs at the iTunes music store and download the music on Linux .
Laptop users have some advantages as well as disadvantages over people using the desktop .
And considering that the number of laptop users are ever increasing , there is a need to explain how to configure and take care of ones laptop running Ubuntu - like prolonging the battery life , configuring the wireless card on the laptop , hibernating , setting up bluetooth connection and so on .
The 4th chapter contains around 8 detailed tips which deals with these interesting topics related to a laptop .
I really liked the tip explaining how to make ones laptop settings roam with ones network which could be quite useful for people who are always on the move .
Chapter five of this well structured book deals exclusively with configuring and fine tuning X11 - the X Windows System .
Here one gets to know how to configure ones mouse the old fashioned way by editing the requisite section in the X configuration file .
As an example , the authors elaborate on a special case of configuring a seven button mouse with a tilted scroll wheel to work properly in Ubuntu .
This chapter additionally contain a slew of tips to configure different difficult to configure hardware like the touch pad , setting up dual head displays , installing and configuring Nvidia , ATI and Matrox proprietary graphics drivers to work in Ubuntu and more .
The next chapter titled " Package Management " has a collection of tips in managing packages .
Over and above explaining how to install , remove and update packages using apt - get , synaptic and Adept , this chapter also contain tips on creating ones own Ubuntu package from source , cache packages locally from source and more .
I especially found the hack where the authors explain how to create ones own Ubuntu package repository really informative .
The seventh chapter dwells exclusively on Security .
Usually Ubuntu for the desktop comes with all the ports closed by default which makes it relatively secure .
But in these times of cheap high speed Internet access when a home network is connected to the Internet at all times , it is always prudent to run a firewall on ones machine .
In this chapter , the authors explain how to setup a robust firewall using iptables and firewallbuilder and then manage it from the Ubuntu desktop .
But that is not all , there are tips on configuring SUDO to limit permissions to different users where one gets to know how to do it the command line way .
But my favourite tip in this chapter is the one which explains how to encrypt the file system to protect important data .
This chapter contains a total of six in - depth hacks all related to enhancing the security of the machine running Ubuntu .
Ubuntu developers have always persevered in providing easy to use front - ends for conducting the most common system administration tasks - be it creating additional user accounts or managing the services running on ones machine .
But at times the user is forced to do system administration tasks the command line way .
In this chapter titled " Administration " , the authors explain for instance how to compile a kernel from source the Ubuntu way and also ways of installing multiple copies of one kernel version on the same machine which could be useful for testing purpose .
There are tips for taking backups as well as restoring them .
I found the hack titled " Rescuing an unbootable system " really useful .
This hack is in fact a collection of tips where common rescue scenarios are elaborated .
I found this chapter full of very useful tips as varied as ways of synchronizing files between different machines , mounting a remote filesystem and even a tip on creating videos by capturing what is done on the desktop which could be really useful when shared with others while seeking help on a particular error .
A virtual machine is a simulated computer - inside - another - computer , allowing one to boot an extra operating system inside the primary environment .
The next chapter titled " Virtualization and Emulation " explains the different virtualization and emulation technologies available which allow one to run windows / Dos applications and games in Ubuntu , running Ubuntu inside Windows and so on .
Here the authors gives in - depth step - by - step walkthroughs in configuring and running virtualization and emulation technologies such as Xen , VMWare server and Wine which imparts a lot of importance to this chapter .
The final chapter of this excellent book which is also the 10th chapter deals with setting up a small home / office server .
Here one gets to know how to install and configure a Ubuntu server from scratch .
All the topics like setting up quotas to control disk space usage among users , setting up an SSH server , configuring Apache web server , building an email server , DHCP server , DNS server and so on which are a part and parcel of an office server setup have been given due importance in this chapter .
All the ten chapters combined , there are a total of 100 tips ( Oops ! hacks ) in this unique book which are based on the latest version of Ubuntu - Dapper Drake .
What is worth noting is that one is not expected to read the book from cover - to - cover rather , you can flip to the hack you are interested in and carry on from there which makes this book a very good reference for setting up and configuring all things related to Ubuntu .
At this point , one might have questions in ones mind whether many of the solutions listed in this book are n't already available on the net in popular Linux / Ubuntu forums .
True , with some searching one might be able to get what one is looking for .
But if you ask me , it is always nice to have something tangible in ones hands while reading instead of having to stare at the monitor for hours on end .
More over , each and every tip in this book has been tested by the authors on the latest version of Ubuntu ( Dapper Drake ) and is guaranteed to work .
In writing this book , it is clear that the authors have put in a lot of hard work in covering all facets of configuring this popular Linux distribution which makes this book a worth while buy .
Name : Ubuntu HacksAuthors : Kyle Rankin , Jonathan Oxer and Bill ChildersISBN No : 0-596-52720-9No of pages : 447 Price : Check at Amazon.com or compare prices of the book .
Rating : Very good
NASA has confirmed its moon base will not illegally occupy other people 's land .
The news deals a crushing blow to the dreams of thousands of idiots , who coughed the cash for their very own patch of dusty countryside on the moon .
NASA announced earlier this week it would start building a permanent lunar outpost in 2020 .
A NASA spokesman told us : " Property rights on the moon are governed by the United Nations .
Those are all just frauds . "
It transpires the moon comes under the same jurisdiction as international waters .
In 2004 the Board of Directors of the International Institute of Space Law aimed to clear up confusion over the legal status of land flogging operations .
It said in a statement : " The sellers of such deeds are unable to acquire legal title to their claims .
Accordingly , the deeds they sell have no legal value or significance , and convey no recognized rights whatsoever . " ®
A paparazzo who claims Britney Spears ' mother , Lynne Spears , drove her black SUV over one of his feet during an incident that occurred nearly two years ago filed a lawsuit against the singer last week in Los Angeles County Superior Court .
The suit seeks unspecified monetary damages for injuries the photographer maintains he 's suffered to his " head , neck , back , trunk and extremities , all of which have caused and continue to cause plaintiff great mental , physical and nervous pain and suffering . "
Spears , her mother and the singer 's company , Britney Touring Inc. , are named as defendants in the lawsuit , which was filed June 6 and further claims that Reavley 's " injuries will result in permanent disability . "
In his suit , Cullen Reavley states that on June 20 , 2004 , in a parking lot in Santa Monica , he fell to the ground after Spears ' mother drove " so as to proximately cause their motor vehicle to collide " with him , leading to injuries .
Britney and sister Jamie Lynn Spears were passengers in the vehicle .
Police and paramedics were called to the scene , and Reavley was rushed to a hospital .
He was treated for swelling but did not suffer any broken bones .
Responding officers determined that Lynne Spears had done nothing illegal , and they did not ticket her .
Video footage of the accident shows
Reavley on the ground but does not provide evidence to support the photographer 's claim that he was hit by the vehicle .
The suit seeks damages in excess of $ 25,000 to cover related medical costs , lost wages , and pain and suffering .
Soon after the initial incident , Spears ' management issued a statement , which read , " If anyone was injured by accident , it was caused by the paparazzi's own conduct . "
In an interview with NBC's Matt Lauer , which is set to air Tuesday on " The Today Show " and " Dateline , " Spears blasted the paparazzi , saying they 've turned her into an " emotional wreck , " The Associated Press reports .
She added that they 've " crossed the line a little bit " by snapping private photos of her .
A Pythonista's Impressions of Erlang
I am planning to write a poker server in Erlang .
Why ?
A couple of reasons .
First off , I have heard that the concurrency support in it is excellent .
Secondly , A quick glance gave me the impression that it was , at least , not brain - dead .
Third , it 's been a long time since I learned a new language , so I 'm planning to do it for kicks .
As such , for the last few days , I 've been playing around with the language , and I have begun to form my opinions on it .
Since I 've been pretty busy , I have n't had too much time to play with it , and as such my opinions are half - baked .
Since that never stopped me from writing before , here they are .
If I 'm wrong somewhere ( and I 'm sure I am ) drop me a comment , and I 'll fix it .
The Good
Interpreter : Erlang has a shell that is very similar to Python's .
I am totally addicted to the Python shell , so this makes experimentation quite a bit easier .
It features some comforting functions : m( module_name ) .
lists the functions exported by module_name , and length ( [ 1, 2,3 ] ) .
returns 3 .
: Erlang has a shell that is very similar to Python's .
I am totally addicted to the Python shell , so this makes experimentation quite a bit easier .
It features some comforting functions : m( module_name ) .
lists the functions exported by module_name , and length ( [ 1, 2,3 ] ) .
returns 3 . Pattern Matching : I * love * this feature .
If I were to make a serious switch to Erlang , pattern matching would be a large reason .
I 'm not sure how well it works in large applications yet , but it certainly feels elegant to me .
With pattern matching , you can define one function multiple times , and Erlang will pick the appropriate function based on its signature .
Perhaps an example will help ; you can define your basic factorial function like so : fact ( 0 ) -> 1 ; fact ( N ) -> N * fact ( N - 1 ) .
Erlang will automatically call the first function when the argument is zero , and the second one otherwise .
: I * love* this feature .
If I were to make a serious switch to Erlang , pattern matching would be a large reason .
I 'm not sure how well it works in large applications yet , but it certainly feels elegant to me .
Guards : Similar to pattern matching , guards help Erlang figure out which function to call by setting a basic precondition for one or more parameters .
Thus , we could revise our factorial function in a silly way to use guards : fact ( N ) when N > 0 -> N * fact ( N - 1 ) ; fact ( 0 ) ->
1 . As you can see , this is a silly way to use guards , but I think it gives a good quick indication of what they do .
: Similar to pattern matching , guards help Erlang figure out which function to call by setting a basic precondition for one or more parameters .
Thus , we could revise our factorial function in a silly way to use guards : Data Structures : Erlang , for the most part , has a good , rich set of data structures .
Lists are as powerful as they should be , and it has list comprehensions ( which have quickly become one of my favorite Python features ) .
Tuples work nearly the same as they do in Python as well .
Unlike Python , Erlang features atoms .
Atoms , which have no Python equivalent , consist of any identifier which starts with a lower - case letter or any single - quoted string .
It seems that Erlang 's idiom for dictionaries uses tuples and atoms : Mydict = {{anatom , 12} , {'atom w space ' , 15} , {atomsarekeys , 12}} .
Erlang does ( obviously ) have variables , but they must start with a capital letter to be distinguished from atoms .
There is also a record type , but I do not have a good enough understanding of it yet to explain it .
: Erlang , for the most part , has a good , rich set of data structures .
Lists are as powerful as they should be , and it has list comprehensions ( which have quickly become one of my favorite Python features ) .
Tuples work nearly the same as they do in Python as well .
The Philosophy :
The most abstract point here , I think that Erlang seems to encourage good , readable code .
After just a few hours in the language , I feel comfortable enough to dive into the Erlang httpd server and try to understand what 's going on .
Considering that other functional languages have only given me frustration in this respect , I think it bodes very well for Erlang to be good in this regard .
The Not - Sure - If - It's - Good - Or-Not
Variable Binding : Variables , once bound in a scope , cannot be reassigned to another value in the same scope .
I really like Python 's binding scheme , where variables are just names , and may be assigned to refer to anything .
However , I can imagine the variable binding restriction catching a bunch of silly errors .
I have n't used it enough ( read : at all ) to make a judgment on whether it 's worthwhile or not .
On the upside , it does seem to encourage short functions , which I think is a good thing .
Erlang in general seems to encourage short functions which are used by other objects ; I am in the process of studying the Erlang idiom of supervisors and workers .
: Variables , once bound in a scope , cannot be reassigned to another value in the same scope .
I really like Python 's binding scheme , where variables are just names , and may be assigned to refer to anything .
However , I can imagine the variable binding restriction catching a bunch of silly errors .
I have n't used it enough ( read : at all ) to make a judgment on whether it 's worthwhile or not .
Concurrency : Although it looks neat , I 've yet to get in and play with Erlang 's concurrency , so I do n't want to render a decision on it .
The Bad
No String Type :
Let me repeat this for emphasis : There Is No String Type In Erlang .
Arrrggggh !
Why would you do this ?
A string is treated , you guessed it , as a sequence of ASCII codes in a list .
It 's C all over again .
The shell tries to " guess " when a list is actually a string , which is a pain if a list you create just happens to contain values in the printable ASCII range .
: Let me repeat this for emphasis : There Is No String Type In Erlang .
Arrrggggh !
Why would you do this ?
Error messages : Erlang 's error messages are totally undecipherable for a newbie .
Here 's what happens when you call a function with the wrong number of arguments : ** exited : {undef , [{shell_default , length , [ [ 1,2,3 ] , 12 ]} , {erl_eval , do_apply , 5} , { shell , exprs , 6} , { shell , eval_loop , 3} ] } **
Got it ?
: Erlang 's error messages are totally undecipherable for a newbie .
Here 's what happens when you call a function with the wrong number of arguments : Documentation :
Most of the links to documentation on erlang.org are broken .
When you finally do get to the docs ( mysteriously at erlang.se instead of erlang.org ) , there are some real gems .
When you click on " Complete List of BIFs " ( BIF = built - in function ) in the reference manual , you get " For a complete list of BIFs , their arguments and return values , refer to erlang ( 3 ) . " .
The kicker ?
When I downloaded and installed Erlang , the man pages either were n't installed or were n't put in the right place .
So , as a newbie , I am left digging away from the main erlang site just to find out what the f$ % $ing built - in functions are .
Not a good sign .
: Most of the links to documentation on erlang.org are broken .
When you finally do get to the docs ( mysteriously at erlang.se instead of erlang.org ) , there are some real gems .
When you click on " Complete List of BIFs " ( BIF = built - in function ) in the reference manual , you get " For a complete list of BIFs , their arguments and return values , refer to erlang ( 3 ) . " .
The ; Punctuation .
Is , Weird ->:
Maybe this is one of the not sure things , but I 'm pretty sure I do n't like some of Erlang 's punctuation .
I do n't mind the ' - > ' , but I oftentimes have to look at the docs to figure out whether I should be using a ' ; ' or a '. ' to end a statement .
Furthermore , the error messages , as I 've already shown , are less than helpful in guiding you to the source of the syntax error .
Well , that 's it for now .
I 'm sure I left some stuff out , and I 'm sure you disagree with some of what I 've said , so leave me a comment with what you think or drop me an email .
Overall , I think Erlang has some neat features - especially pattern matching and guards .
Furthermore , if what everyone says is true , its concurrency is fast and well - designed .
Although the lack of proper documentation is a turn - off , I feel like I 'll be able to learn what I need to know from reading the very readily available code .
I 'm still going to give it a shot , which is a good sign .
Your automotive is without doubt one of the most valuable luxuries that you own .
While you move or relocate , you ’ll want to move your automotive to the place of vacation spot as well .
Nonetheless you need to choose the mover for you automotive with a lot of care and thought .
It could possibly be cumbersome [… ]
The levels of a chemical released by the brain determine how detailed a memory will later be , according to researchers at UC Irvine .
The neurotransmitter acetylcholine , a brain chemical already established as being crucial for learning and memory , appears to be the key to adding details to a memory .
In a study with rats , Norman Weinberger , research professor of neurobiology and behavior , and colleagues determined that a higher level of acetylcholine during a learning task correlated with more details of the experience being remembered .
The results are the first to tie levels of acetylcholine to memory specificity and could have implications in the study and treatment of memory - related disorders .
The findings appear in the November issue of the journal Neurobiology of Learning and Memory .
“ This is the first time that direct stimulation of a brain region has controlled the amount of detail in a memory , ” said Weinberger , a fellow at UCI ’s Center for the Neurobiology of Learning and Memory .
“ While it is likely that the brain uses a number of mechanisms to store specific details , our work shows that the level of acetylcholine appears to be a key part of that process . ”
In their experiments , the researchers exposed rats to tones of various frequencies .
During some of the trials , they paired one tone with stimulation of a section of the rats ’ brains known as the nucleus basalis , which relays commands to the auditory cortex by secreting acetylcholine .
During some experiments , the stimulation of the nucleus basalis was weak , whereas in other animals the stimulation was stronger .
When the tones were replayed the next day , the scientists could measure how well they remembered the various frequencies by measuring changes in their respiration rates .
The results showed that a weak activation of the nucleus basalis , which resulted in a small amount of acetylcholine being released , did lead the rats to remember the tones but not specific frequencies .
However , when the stimulation was greater ( leading to the higher level of acetylcholine release ) , the rats also remembered the specific frequencies .
“ We have always known that acetylcholine plays a major role in learning and memory , ” Weinberger said .
“ For example , the major treatments currently available for Alzheimer ’s disease work by making more acetylcholine available in the brain .
Finding ways to control the levels of this key transmitter would be crucial for treating a number of memory - related disorders . ”
Weinberger is a pioneer in research in the field of learning and memory in the auditory system .
In a study published in 2005 , he discovered a neural coding mechanism that the brain relies upon to register the intensity of memories based on the importance of the experience .
The study presented the first evidence that a “ memory code ” of any kind may exist .
His laboratory also was the first to induce a specific memory by stimulating the system involving acetylcholine in the brain , setting the stage for the latest findings .
Source : University of California – Irvine
Who Gives and Who Doesn't ?
When it comes to charity , who gives , and who does n't ?
Nov. 28 , 2006  --
There are a million ways to give to charity .
Toy drives , food drives , school supply drives telethons , walkathons , and dance - athons .
But just who is doing the giving ?
Three quarters of American families donate to charity , giving $ 1,800 each , on average .
Of course , if three quarters give , that means that one quarter do n't give at all .
So what distinguishes those who give from those who do n't ?
It turns out there are many myths about that .
Sioux Falls vs. San Francisco
We assume the rich give more than the middle class , the middle class more than the poor .
I 've heard liberals care more about the less fortunate , so we assume they give more than conservatives do .
Are these assumptions truth , or myth ?
To test what types of people give more , " 20/20 " went to two very different parts of the country , with contrasting populations : Sioux Falls , S.D. and San Francisco , Calif .
The Salvation Army set up buckets at the busiest locations in each city -- Macy 's in San Francisco and Wal - Mart in Sioux Falls .
Which bucket collected more money ?
Sioux Falls is rural and religious ; half of the population goes to church every week .
People in San Francisco make much more money , are predominantly liberal , and just 14 percent of people in San Francisco attend church every week .
Liberals are said to care more about helping the poor ; so did people in San Francisco give more ?
It turns out that this idea that liberals give more is a myth .
Of the top 25 states where people give an above average percent of their income , 24 were red states in the last presidential election .
Arthur Brooks , the author of " Who Really Cares , " says that " when you look at the data , it turns out the conservatives give about 30 percent more . "
He adds , " And incidentally , conservative - headed families make slightly less money . "
And he says the differences in giving goes beyond money , pointing out that conservatives are 18 percent more likely to donate blood .
He says this difference is not about politics , but about the different way conservatives and liberals view government .
" You find that people who believe it 's the government 's job to make incomes more equal , are far less likely to give their money away , " Brooks says .
In fact , people who disagree with the statement , " The government has a basic responsibility to take care of the people who can't take care of themselves , " are 27 percent more likely to give to charity .
Rich vs. Poor
The second myth is that the people with the most money are the most generous .
You 'd think they 'd be .
After all , the rich should have the most to spare and households with incomes exceeding $ 1 million ( about 7 percent of the population ) make 50 percent of all charitable donations .
But while the rich do give more in overall dollars , according to the Social Capital Community Benchmark Survey , people at the lower end of the income scale give almost 30 percent more of their income .
Many researchers told us lower income people give more because they think they are more likely to need charity or know someone who needs charity .
Laurie Tanner is one of those people .
She says , " I remember a time when honestly , I could n't afford a gallon of milk for my son .
And I had a good friend that stepped in and helped me , and I 've never forgotten that . "
The United Way helped Vincent Lau when he was a teenager .
Now he donates to them .
" I 'm glad to help , " Lau says .
Workers at the meat packing plant where Lau works make on average around $ 35,000 , yet the Sioux Falls United Way says it gets more contributions of over $ 500 from employees here than anywhere else .
Another employee at the plant , B.J. Motley , has a wife and four kids to support , but he gives part of his paycheck to charity every week
" My mom always says ' it 's always good to give , ' " he says .
" [ I 've ] got a great family and I 've been blessed . "
And what about the middle class ?
Well , while middle - income Americans are generous compared to people in other countries , compared to the rich and the working poor , they give less .
" The two most generous groups in America are the rich and the working poor , " says Brooks .
" The middle class give the least . "
The Church Connection
Finally , the single biggest predictor of whether someone will be charitable is their religious participation .
Religious people are more likely to give to charity , and when they give , they give more money : four times as much .
And Arthur Brooks told me that giving goes beyond their own religious organization :
" Actually , the truth is that they 're giving to more than their churches , " he says .
" The religious Americans are more likely to give to every kind of cause and charity , including explicitly non-religious charities . "
And almost all of the people who gave to our bell ringers in San Francisco and Sioux Falls said they were religious or spiritual .
So how did our little test turn out ?
Tune into a special edition of " 20/20 , " " Cheap in America , " to find out .
College gender gap widens : 57 % are women By Mary Beth Marklein , USA TODAY
In May , the Minnesota Office of Higher Education posted the inevitable culmination of a trend :
Last year for the first time , women earned more than half the degrees granted statewide in every category , be it associate , bachelor , master , doctoral or professional .
Women currently make up 57 % of all college students .
By Alison Redlich , The Burlington Free Press Cause for celebration — or for concern ?
Before you answer , consider the perspective of Jim McCorkell , founder of Admission Possible , a St. Paul program to help low - income high school kids prepare for college .
Last year , 30 % of the students were boys .
This fall , that has inched up to 34 % , but only because " we actually did a little affirmative action , " McCorkell says .
" If we had a tie ( between a male and a female applicant ) , we gave it to a boy . "
As women march forward , more boys seem to be falling by the wayside , McCorkell says .
Not only do national statistics forecast a continued decline in the percentage of males on college campuses , but the drops are seen in all races , income groups and fields of study , says policy analyst Thomas Mortenson , publisher of the influential Postsecondary Education Opportunity newsletter in Oskaloosa , Iowa .
Since 1995 , he has been tracking — and sounding the alarm about — the dwindling presence of men in colleges .
College administrators shy away from the term " affirmative action , " a murky concept rooted in redressing historic inequities and loaded with legal implications .
Yet the imbalances do trouble some admissions officials .
( Related : Colleges remain cautious )
So just as they might consider race or geographical diversity in building freshman classes , they similarly look for gender parity .
There are more men than women ages 18 - 24 in the USA — 15 million vs. 14.2 million , according to a Census Bureau estimate last year .
But nationally , the male / female ratio on campus today is 43 / 57 , a reversal from the late 1960s and well beyond the nearly even splits of the mid-1970s .
The trends have developed in plain view — not ignored exactly , but typically accompanied by some version of the question :
Is n't this a sign of women 's progress ?
Today , though , the blue - collar jobs that once attracted male high school graduates are drying up .
More boys are dropping out of high school and out of college .
And as the gender gap widens , concern about the educational aspirations of young men appears to be gaining traction , albeit cautiously .
But even as evidence of a problem — a crisis , some say — mounts , " there 's a complacency about this topic , " McCorkell says .
There has been no outcry , for example , on the scale of a highly publicized 1992 report by the American Association of University Women , How Schools Short - Change Girls , which compiled reams of research on gender inequities .
That study " really ... got people to focus on girls ... ( but ) there is no big network that protects the needs of boys , " says family therapist Michael Gurian , author of the just - published The Minds of Boys : Saving Our Sons from Falling Behind in School and Life , which argues that elementary and secondary schools are n't meeting the developmental needs of boys .
The minefields ahead
And the needs of boys and girls are different , says Kimberly Tsaousis , a college - prep adviser who works mostly with low - income minorities at Cleveland High School in Seattle .
" Girls are way more likely to just pay attention " during advising sessions , she says .
" It 's almost less cool " for boys to show interest in college .
Talk of gender is fraught with social , legal and political minefields .
Witness the outcry after Harvard President Lawrence Summers remarked in January that women might be underrepresented in sciences because of innate differences in abilities .
For one thing , female inequities persist .
There 's still a pay gap .
According to the Census Bureau , women on average earned 77 cents to each dollar paid to male counterparts in 2004 .
So it 's perhaps no surprise that most educators exploring the issue have an eye toward equilibrium .
Maine 's Department of Education , for example , created a task force to look closely at boys ' poor academic performance and found a ratio of 154 women for every 100 men in the state 's colleges and universities in 2000 , the greatest gap of any state .
But the final report , to be released this fall , will recommend strategies to promote gender - equitable education .
" We very quickly decided ... we wanted to make sure we did not neglect " girls even while exploring obstacles facing boys , says deputy commissioner Patrick Phillips .
The University of Washington recently started a college - prep program for boys , but administrator Thomas J. Calhoun Jr. notes the university also supports girls - only programs , including one aimed at increasing women in engineering .
And though President Bush in his State of the Union address singled out boys when he unveiled a$ 150 million initiative , led by Laura Bush , to dissuade kids from joining gangs , a conference hosted by the first lady Oct. 27 is called " Helping America 's Youth . "
Federal laws pose additional challenges .
Under No Child Left Behind , for example , schools must track data by race and gender , which helps educators pinpoint vulnerable populations .
Yet because of potential conflicts with federal laws created to ensure gender and racial equity , educators " ca n't target resources to where they see the need , " says Deborah Wilds of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , which finances college scholarships for underrepresented kids .
" You know that the kids least likely to graduate are a particular gender or ethnic background , but then you have to walk a fine line in how you serve them . "
' Value in . .. equal numbers '
Most of those tracking the issue agree that getting males into the college pipeline is best addressed in elementary and secondary schools .
Even so , the disparities on campuses worry some admissions officials , particularly at liberal arts colleges where gaps are widest .
" We think there 's value in having equal numbers , " says Jim Bock , admissions dean at Pennsylvania 's Swarthmore College .
Last year , the school admitted more women than men , but it admitted a greater percentage of the male applicants than female .
The student body 's male / female breakdown is about 48 / 52 .
In interviews , several college administrators , including Bock , said they would not admit a male over a better qualified female .
But they do try to build a diverse class — an idea that echoes the Supreme Court 's 2003 ruling on race - based affirmative action .
That ruling struck down a University of Michigan formula that gave extra points to minorities because of their race .
But the justices also ruled that schools could consider race as one of many factors because achieving diversity on college campuses is an important goal .
In 2000 , a federal judge told the University of Georgia to stop awarding bonus points to males ( and minorities ) in admissions .
A study this year of admissions processes at 13 liberal arts schools , most with a predominantly female applicant pool , found that gender was " not a significant determinant " in admissions decisions .
When a gender preference for men emerged , it occurred at historically female campuses where the share of female applicants had reached 55 % or more , authors Sandy Baum and Eban Goodstein say .
The authors neither advocate nor oppose affirmative action , but as men grow shorter in supply , " we should be talking about whether it 's reasonable to give preferences to men , " says Baum , a Skidmore College professor .
UCLA higher education professor Linda Sax says such a discussion should address what effect , if any , the gender composition of a college has on men and women .
To find out , she examined data from more than 17,000 students at 204 four - year colleges .
Preliminary results show that on campuses that were predominantly female , both men and women got higher grades .
Predominantly female campuses also led to a " significant increase " in men's commitment to promoting racial understanding and led males to more liberal views on abortion , homosexuality and other social issues , her research found .
" What we 're talking about here is the impact of women 's attitudes and values , " Sax says .
For his part , author Gurian says one reason colleges may fail to attract more men is precisely because they are more geared to female learning styles and interests .
Colleges that want to compete for the dwindling pool of men should emphasize male interests , such as sports , he says , and offer more male role models .
But meaningful change must take place well before the college years , says Gurian , who acknowledges a personal interest in the subject :
He has two daughters .
" We all know a boy that 's struggling , " he says .
" If we create a generation of men who are n't getting an education , that 's bad for women . "
HOW MALE REPRESENTATION BREAKS DOWN BY RACE AND INCOME About 9.9 million women ( 57.4 % ) and 7.4 million men ( 42.6 % ) were enrolled in colleges eligible for federal student aid in 2003 - 04 .
The percentage of undergrads ( 18 - 24 ) who are male , by race and income : Low - income ( Less than $ 30,000 ) Middle - income ( $ 30,000 to $ 69,999 ) Upper Income ( $ 70,000 or more ) 1995 - 96 1999-00 2003-04 1995-96 1999-00 2003-04 1995-96 1999-00 2003 -04 White 46 42 42 50 46 43 52 48 49 Black 32 36 36 48 42 42 41 48 48 Hispanic 43 43 39 46 51 42 50 52 49 Asian 53 51 47 57 48 50 52 54 51 All 44 42 40 50 47 44 51 48 49 Data : U.S. Department of Education , National Center for Education Statistics , National Postsecondary Student Aid Studies , 1995 - 96 , 1999 - 2000 , 2003 - 04
Income ranges adjusted for inflation to 1995 - 96 dollars ; Source : ACE Center for Policy Analysis Contributing : Anthony DeBarros , Breanne Gilpatrick and Susan O'Brian
Computer Hacking and Ethics
Brian Harvey
University of California , Berkeley
[ A slightly different version of this paper was written for the ``Panel on Hacking '' held by the Association for Computing Machinery in April , 1985 .
Thanks to Batya Friedman , Donn Parker , and Carter Sanders for their comments on early drafts . ]
[ Neal Patrick ] said he and his friends , who named themselves the ``414s '' after the Milwaukee area code , did not intend to do any damage and did not realize they were doing anything unethical or illegal .
In fact , when asked [ at a Congressional subcommittee hearing ] at what point he questioned the ethics of his actions , he answered , ``Once the FBI knocked on the door . '' -- " `Common Sense ' Urged on Computer Break - Ins , " 26 Sept 83 ; Copyright 1983 New York Times News Service
It 's no secret that a mature sense of ethics is something a person develops over time .
Parents are supposed to exercise authority over their children because the children are not expected to know how to make certain decisions for themselves .
We have a juvenile court system separate from the adult criminal court system because we believe that a young person is not capable of criminal intent in the same sense that an adult is capable of it .
Within this century , the obvious idea that the ethical sense of an adolescent is n't the same as that of an adult has become the focus of scientific research .
Psychologists have entered a field once left to philosophers : moral development .
The best - known attempt to formalize this development is probably the six - stage theory of Harvard psychologist Lawrence Kohlberg .
Here is his description of Stage 3 , the Interpersonal Concordance or ``Good Boy - Nice Girl '' Orientation :
Good behavior is that which pleases or helps others and is approved by them .
There is much conformity to stereotypical images of what is majority or ``natural '' behavior .
Behavior is frequently judged by intention -- the judgment ``he means well '' becomes important for the first time .
One earns approval by being ``nice . ''
[ Kohlberg , p. 18 ]
Is Neal Patrick at this third stage of moral development ?
He seems to judge his own actions in terms of intention .
From the perspective of the stage theory , we can see this as an improvement over ``Our mistake was to get caught ' ' or `` What have those computer companies done for me , '' responses that would be typical of the earlier stages .
I do n't mean to give too much weight to the specifics of the third stage .
It 's not scientifically valid to assign Patrick to a developmental stage on the basis of one quoted sentence .
Also , not every researcher accepts Kohlberg 's stages .
But the important point is that Patrick is roughly at the stage of moral development appropriate to his age .
He is not some new kind of monster spawned by computer technology ; he 's a kid with all the strengths and weaknesses we expect from kids in other situations .
Compare a bunch of adolescents breaking into a computer system with another bunch of kids hot - wiring a car for a joyride .
The latter would probably argue , with complete sincerity , that they were doing no harm , because the owner of the car recovered his property afterward .
They did n't keep or sell it .
It 's a ``naughty ' ' prank to borrow someone 's property in that way , but not really serious .
These hypothetical car thieves would be wrong , of course , in making that argument .
They might lack the sensitivity needed to give weight to the victim 's feelings of manipulation , of fear , of anger .
They may not understand how the experience of such a random attack can leave a person feeling a profound loss of order and safety in the world -- the feeling that leads half our population to hail Bernhard Goetz as a hero to be emulated .
Some adolescents do n't have the empathy to see beyond the issue of loss of property .
Some may show empathy in certain situations but not in others .
The point is that the computer raises no new issue , ethical or pragmatic .
The password hacker who says ``we are n't hurting anything by looking around '' is exactly analogous to the joyrider saying ``we are n't stealing the car permanently . ''
( The two cases need not seem analogous to an adolescent .
There may be many computer abusers who would never break into a car for a joyride , but who do n't understand that breaking into a computer account raises the same ethical issues .
But the analogy still holds for us as adults . )
The professional car thief and the teenaged joyrider are both social problems , but they 're different problems .
To confuse the two -- to treat the teenager like a career criminal - - would be a disastrously self - fulfilling prophecy .
In the context of computer systems , there is a similar dichotomy .
There are some career criminals who steal by electronic means .
This small group poses a large problem for society , but it 's not a new one .
Thieves are thieves .
Just as banks use special armored cars , they must also develop special armored computer systems .
But the rest of us do n't use armored cars for routine transportation , and we do n't need armored computer systems for routine communication either .
( Of course there is a large middle ground between heavy security and no security at all .
My purpose here is not to decide exactly what security measures are appropriate for any particular computer system .
Instead , I just want to make it clear that , while in this paper I 'm not trying to address the problem of professional criminals , I 'm not trying to deny that there is such a problem either . )
There is also a middle ground between the young person who happens to break unimportant rules in the innocent exercise of intellectual curiosity and the hardened criminal .
Consider the hypothetical case of a young man whose girlfriend moves to Australia for a year , and so he builds himself a blue box ( a device used to place long distance telephone calls without paying for them ) and uses it to chat with her for an hour every other day .
This is not intellectual curiosity , nor is it a deliberate , long - term choice of a life of crime .
Instead , this hypothetical adolescent , probably normally honest , has stepped over a line without really noticing it , because his mind is focused on something else .
It would be inappropriate , I think , to pat him on the head and tell him how clever he is , and equally inappropriate to throw him in prison .
What we must do is call his attention to the inconsistency between his activities and , most likely , his own moral standards .
Two Models for Moral Direction
What to do about it ?
Saying that the problems of computer ethics are like other ethical problems does n't solve them .
Many approaches are possible .
We are starting to hear among computer experts the same debates we 've heard for centuries among criminologists : prevention , deterrence , retribution , cure ?
Among all the possible approaches , it may be instructive to consider two strongly opposed ones : first , control of the technology , and second , moral training .
As examples of these approaches , compare the registration of automobiles with instruction in karate .
Automobile registration is certainly a good idea in helping the police control professional crime .
As thieves have learned to steal cars for their parts , rather than to sell whole , the technology of registration has had to grow more sophisticated : we now see serial numbers on each major component , not just on the door frame .
But registration does n't help against joyriders .
Other technological security measures can help .
Steering column locks have made joyriding harder , but not impossible .
Many adolescents are expert locksmiths , not because they 're dishonest but because locks and keys pose a technical challenge much like that of passwords in a computer system .
Also , increased security has made the consequences of juvenile car theft more serious , because the easiest way to defeat a steering column lock is to destroy it by brute force .
The example of karate instruction shows a very different approach to the problem of adolescent moral limitations .
Instead of using technology to limit the power of young people , this second approach deliberately empowers them .
Skill in karate is a deadly weapon ; to give that weapon to a young person is an affirmation of trust rather than suspicion .
Why do karate classes for kids work ?
Why do n't they lead to an epidemic of juvenile murders ?
This paper can't present a definitive answer .
But I want to suggest some possibilities and use them to draw analogies for computer education .
One probable reason is that every person responds to his or her situation .
If I know you 're trusting me with something important , I 'll try to live up to your trust .
If I sense that you consider me untrustworthy , I may decide that I might as well live up to your low expectations .
Another vital reason , though , is that the technical instruction in karate techniques is part of a larger initiation into a certain culture and its rules .
Karate schools do n't begin by telling novices , ``Here 's how to kill someone . ''
They begin with simple , less dangerous techniques ; the criteria for advancement include control and self - discipline as well as knowledge of particular moves .
Instructors emphasize that karate is an art that should not be abused .
Students learn to demonstrate punches and kicks without injury by stopping just short of contact with the opponent 's body .
Empowerment in Computer Education
How can we teach young computer enthusiasts to be responsible members of the electronic community , without defining them as criminals ?
The analogy of karate instruction suggests that the answer is to combine ethical training with real empowerment .
To turn this broad slogan into a practical program requires several changes in our approach to educational computing and to computing in general .
Growth , like any ongoing function , requires adequate objects in the environment to meet the needs and capacities of the growing child , boy , youth , and young man , until he can better choose and make his own environment .
It is not a ``psychological '' question of poor influences and bad attitudes , but an objective question of real opportunities for worthwhile experience ....
Thwarted , or starved , in the important objects proper to young capacities , the boys and young men naturally find or invent deviant objects for themselves ; this is the beautiful shaping power of our human nature .
Their choices and inventions are rarely charming , usually stupid , and often disastrous ; we can not expect average kids to deviate with genius .
[ Goodman , pp. 12-13 ]
Paul Goodman was discussing traditional juvenile delinquents , not password hackers .
But the problem is fundamentally the same .
How can we provide a worthwhile culture for young computer enthusiasts to grow into ?
1. Serious adult models .
In karate instruction , discipline is not only for novices .
The adult instructors follow the same discipline themselves .
The ethical principles taught to beginners are taken seriously in the adult community .
As a result , young students do n't see the discipline of karate as an arbitrary imposition on them ; they see it as part of what it means to be a full member of the community .
In the computer culture , adults rarely take seriously the idea of belonging to a community .
The social ideal is the self - serving entrepreneur .
Our heros are the ones who become millionaires by doing a slick marketing job on yet another spreadsheet program .
( When my high school programming students discovered that I actually knew how to program a computer , many of them decided I was crazy .
Why should anyone want to teach when he could make more money programming ? )
In this context , why should any young person listen to our moral lecturing ?
Fundamentally what is needed is personal action by each individual computer professional .
But we can act as a society to encourage this individual commitment .
We can urge our colleagues to devote part of their time to pro bono publico activities , like other professionals .
We can give special public recognition to computer professionals who choose a life of disinterested public service over the quest for personal gain .
Some corporations allow their employees paid sabbatical leave for public service work ; we should encourage this policy .
2. Access to real power .
Another important part of the karate analogy is that there are not two kinds of karate , one for adults and one for kids .
What beginners learn may be elementary , but it 's a start down the same road traveled by experts .
The community into which young karate students are welcomed is the real , adult community .
That 's not how things work with computers .
How many adult computer scientists put up with CP/M , BASIC , and floppy disks ?
The technology available to most young people is not a simpler version of what experts use ; it 's a completely separate , more arcane , fundamentally less powerful medium .
That medium -- the programming languages , the file storage , the editing tools , and so on -- is simply inadequate to challenging intellectual work .
The community of computer professionals has come to take for granted easy access to electronic communication with colleagues anywhere in the world .
Those of us lucky enough to be on the Arpanet have instantaneous communication supported by taxpayers .
Even the less fortunate who communicate over dialup networks like uucp , though , have the cost of their mail supported by computing facilities other than their own ; the general agreement among even competing private businesses to forward one another 's mail is a remarkable example of disinterested cooperation .
Some of this mail traffic is serious business .
But some of it is also ``junk mail '' like sf - lovers ( for science fiction enthusiasts ) and human - nets .
Is it surprising that young computer enthusiasts want a slice of the pie too ?
Adolescents are excluded not only from access to equipment but also from access to ideas .
The password hackers ' preoccupation with magic words and magic numbers is harmful to themselves as well as to the rest of us ; it 's an intellectual dead end that gives them no real insight into computer science .
They learn a bag of isolated tricks rather than powerful ideas that extend to solving other kinds of problems .
Instead of just telling them what 's forbidden , we would do better to show them the path to our own understanding of algorithms , formal theory of computation , and so on .
We all know you can't program well in BASIC ; why do we allow manufacturers to inflict it on children ?
To take positive steps toward this goal requires action on two fronts , access to technology and access to ideas .
The latter requires training high school teachers who are themselves qualified computer programmers .
In the long run , this means paying teachers salaries competitive with industry standards .
That 's a matter for government action .
Another approach may be to promote active cooperation between university computer science departments and high schools .
Perhaps college faculty and graduate students could contribute some of their time to the local high schools .
( This is not a new idea ; outside experts are donating time to secondary schools to help teach other areas of science .
Such partnership brings its own problems , because both the goals and the techniques of college teaching are different from those of high school teaching .
Still , this collaboration has sometimes been fruitful . )
The problem of access to equipment is economically more difficult , but it 's getting easier .
The availability of 32 - bit microprocessors means that serious computational power should be affordable in the near future .
Equipment manufacturers should take the high school market seriously , as an investment in future technical workers .
Another approach is for interested educators to establish regional computing centers for adolescents , not part of a particular school , where kids can come on their own time .
Economies of scale may allow such centers to provide state - of - the - art equipment that a single high school could n't justify economically .
3. Apprenticeship : challenging problems and access to expertise .
The karate student is given not only access to a body of knowledge , but also the personal attention of a master in the field .
The instructor is responsible for the moral development of his students as well as their technical skill .
He steers them in the direction of challenges appropriate to each one 's progress , and his own expertise is available to help the learner .
For many years , the MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory ran a computer system with no passwords and no file protection at all .
( It was pressure from their Defense Department funding agency , not internal needs , that forced them to implement a password scheme . )
Even now , the laboratory has a liberal ``tourist '' policy : anyone can have an account , provided that someone at the laboratory is willing to be his or her mentor .
The philosophy behind this policy is that most ``malicious '' computer abuse is the result of ignorance , misunderstanding , and thoughtlessness , rather than truly malign intent .
With a particular person responsible for each new user , tourists learn to share the values of the community .
They are taught that the vulnerability of MIT 's system is a price researchers pay willingly for the open exchange of information that that vulnerability allows .
Treated as legitimate members of the community , even young tourists quickly learn to act responsibly toward the group .
Not every computer facility can be expected to share the vision of MIT - AI .
Certainly the computers that control the missiles and the banking transactions should not be so open to visitors .
But a typical large company has several computers , not all equally sensitive .
Many could allow access to young people in their communities in the evenings , especially if some of their professional staff members are interested in serving as volunteer mentors .
It 's the mentor / apprentice relationship that makes all the difference .
Just giving a kid an account on your machine may be asking for trouble , but making a friend of the kid is a good investment .
In particular , universities often treat their undergraduate student users like irresponsible children .
Undergraduates are generally second - class citizens , with limited access to the school 's computing resources , including human resources ( faculty ) .
Universities should allow undergraduates to function as true members of serious research teams , as graduate students do .
This policy would provide both access to faculty mentors and challenging , useful tasks .
For secondary schools , the issue is partly one of curriculum .
Too many teenagers are taught ( not only in the schools but also in the magazines ) that true computer expertise means knowing what number to POKE into what address in order to change the color of the screen on some brand of microcomputer .
Such learning is not intellectually challenging .
It does not lead to a feeling of fruitful apprenticeship .
4 . A safe arena for moral experimentation .
The beginning karate student might be afraid to try his or her skill with a fellow student , lest he or she injure or be injured .
But it 's safe to fight a match with a black belt instructor .
` ` I wo n't hurt you , '' says the instructor , ``and I wo n't let you hurt me . ''
To allow for safe sparring between students , classes begin with half - speed motions and no body contact allowed .
Later they may progress to rules that allow light body contact but no contact to the opponent 's head .
These rules allow students to feel safe as they experiment and develop their skills .
Young people have a similar need for safety in moral experimentation .
One of the reasons for the appeal of role - playing games like Dungeons and Dragons is that a player can say ``I 'm going to be a thief , '' or ` `I 'm going to be evil , '' trying on these roles without actually harming anyone .
Similarly , a good school should be a place where students feel safe , a kind of ``ethics laboratory . ''
Neal Patrick 's first exposure to an ethical dilemma should not have involved the FBI .
He should have confronted the issue of information privacy while using a computer system in his school .
He could have learned how his antisocial acts hurt and angered the legitimate users of the system , without risking really serious trouble for himself or for anyone else .
For one thing , it 's hard for a young person to understand the chain of reasoning from the abstract corporate owner of a computer system to the actual human beings whose lives are affected when that system breaks down .
It 's easier to understand the issues when the users are one 's friends and classmates , and the social effects of malicious password hacking are immediately apparent .
( None of this is meant to excuse Patrick or the other 414s .
Neither ignorance of the law nor misunderstanding the ethical issues is accepted in our culture as an excuse for lawbreaking .
But I am not writing for a court of law meeting to settle Patrick 's guilt or innocence .
The question for us is how , as a society , we can act to make the next generation of teenagers less likely to paint themselves into this particular corner . )
As a practical matter , what 's needed to build an ethics laboratory for computing students has already been recommended in another context : adequate computing power to support a user community , as opposed to a bunch of isolated , independent microcomputer users .
Whether this means timesharing or a network of personal computers with a shared file server is a technical question beyond the scope of this paper .
But sharing is essential .
The ethical issues of a living community do n't arise in the context of isolated individuals using microcomputers separately with no communication among them .
( If we do not fill this need , we leave a void that in practice is filled by ``pirate ' ' bulletin boards that build a sort of outlaw community around illegal computing activities . )
Appendix B : A Case Study
References
Goodman , Paul .
Growing Up Absurd .
New York : Random House , 1960 .
Distrust has spread , and each side has accused the other of bad faith and bigotry .
“ It ’s ominous , ” said Steven Sanders , a former New York City assemblyman who was chairman of the State Assembly ’s Education Committee .
“ This is not going to be an isolated situation .
This is a worrisome trend .
The common thread is not religion .
The common thread is people who do n’t feel invested in educating other people ’s children .
What do you do when a community is significantly comprised of individuals who do n’t have a stake in public schools when they ’re already spending for private schools ?
It ’s a fracturing of the social compact . ”
Image Lakewood , N.J. , a town of 74,000 with an Orthodox Jewish population estimated at more than 35,000 , has about 6,750 black residents .
Credit ... Laura Pedrick for The New York Times
Some Atlantic Beach residents have explored seceding from the Lawrence district and merging with Long Beach , although the process would be daunting .
MANY who object to the Orthodox dominance question their motives .
“ If your kids do n’t go to public schools , how can you be head of the board ? ” said Robert Smith , who is a resident of Inwood , which is also part of the Lawrence school district , and who works at a community center .
“ It ’s forcing people out . ”
Mr. Kaufman , the school board member who said fears about the new Orthodox majority were misplaced , has nonetheless joked about needing a bulletproof vest , and at a board meeting this summer angrily admonished some foes as “ you public school parents . ”
Mr. Kaufman was furious when the departing board approved a teachers ’ contract without the performance standards he had wanted .
“ What the lame duck board did was undemocratic , ” he said .
“ My three - year term was usurped by a five - year contact .
We ’re not going to be able to do anything we wanted to do .
I do n’t know where we ’re going to get the money . ”
Defenders of the contract say its annual raises — from zero to 2.75 percent — are below inflation .
The rift took a litigious turn in June when the incoming Orthodox majority went to court in an unsuccessful bid to block the old board from approving the teachers ’ contract .
Then in July , Fu- Yun Tang , a mother of three Lawrence students , formally petitioned state education officials to remove three Orthodox school board members from office , accusing them of “ furthering an anti-public school agenda . ”
A decision is not expected for months .
Acknowledging the divide , Mr. Hiller , a recent yeshiva graduate , said : “ They think they ’re right , and we think we ’re right .
But I ’m very happy about the new school board . ”
A Microsoft stunt handing out brand spanking new laptops with Windows Vista to selected bloggers has backfired with claims that Microsoft tried to " buy " bloggers .
At least six bloggers each received a sleek , black , highly specified Ferrari machine running the as - yet - to - be released Windows Vista from Microsoft and Acer just before Christmas .
At least one recipient claimed his machine was a gift .
Microsoft watcher Long Zheng called the PC a " Christmas present [ that was ] officially " a review machine .
He congratulated Microsoft on its " kudos for thinking about the little guys " - meaning that it is targeting bloggers instead of the usual PC trade publications that make it on the big vendors ' gift list .
That was enough for the Blogosphere , which sniffed a crude attempt at bribery and began a debate on the ethics of accepting free gifts from IT companies .
Veteran blogger , and former Microsoft employee Robert Scoble summed it up : " Now THAT is my idea of PayPerPost " - the idea of paying bloggers to post , only using cash instead of gifts .
And our favourite tech comment site Slashdot has a barrage of criticism here .
Subsequent postings by Zheng intended to defuse the situation only reinforced the perception the Windows Vista machines are gifts intended to curry favor .
" These were review PCs with the option at completion of review to either send back to Microsoft , give away or keep indefinitely .
This choice is solely at the discretion of bloggers , " he wrote .
Typically , the release of PCs and other gadgets by PR people to journalists working in what bloggers tend to deride as the " traditional media " are tightly controlled , and machines are expected to be returned once review is complete .
Stung by the criticism , Microsoft issued a statement that put the onus on bloggers to make full disclosure .
Microsoft 's statement , though , does little to clarify its real motive , as it weaved between notions of " review " and " free gift " .
Microsoft 's Aaron Coldiron said the computers are intended for review purposes .
In its note to the lucky bloggers , Microsoft said : " While I hope you will blog about your experience with the PC you do n't have to .
Also , you are welcome to send the machine back to us after you are done playing with it , or you can give it away on your site , or you can keep it . " ®
Conyers , Harman introduce bill to kill NSA phone call database RAW STORY
Published : Thursday May 11 , 2006 Print This | Email This Reps. Jane Harman ( D - CA ) and John Conyers ( D - MI ) today introduced the " Lawful Intelligence and Surveillance of Terrorists in an Emergency by NSA Act " ( The LISTEN Act ) , RAW STORY has learned .
The Act would require any attempt to listen in on Americans or collect telephone or e-mail records to be be conducted in accordance with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 ( FISA ) , or Title III of the criminal code .
In both cases , court warrants based on probable cause are required .
The Act states that FISA is the exclusive way to conduct electronic surveillance of U.S. persons on U.S. soil for intelligence purposes .
It also explicitly states that the Authorization to Use Military Force , passed by Congress in October 2002 , did not constitute authority to engage in electronic surveillance outside of FISA .
According the Representatives , the legislation provides tools to expedite emergency warrant applications , and authorizes funds to incorporate standardization , electronic filing and streamlined review procedures at the NSA and Department of Justice .
It also requires the President to ensure that resources are adequate to process warrants , and requires the Administration to comply with FISA at all times .
" We need to know if terrorists are plotting to attack us , " said Harman , Ranking Member on the House Intelligence Committee .
" But we must never retreat from the principle that every intercept requires a warrant based on probable cause .
Since some in the Administration claim the FISA process is antiquated , this bill puts the burden on them to request additional resources . "
" It is a sad day when the Congress of the United States must compel the President to abide by the Constitution , " said Congressman Conyers , the Ranking Member on the House Committee on the Judiciary .
" I regret that we have to legislate once again on an issue that was clearly settled by this Congress nearly 30 years ago in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . "
Congressman Conyers added , " This legislation could not be more timely .
Today 's USA Today article made clear that the Administration 's eavesdropping is larger than anyone imagined and sweeps in the activities of millions of innocent Americans .
If this Congress does not rein in the President and his Administration now , there is no telling how far it will go . "
Buffett : Real estate slowdown ahead
The Oracle of Omaha expects the housing market to see " significant downward adjustments , " and warns on mortgage financing .
OMAHA ( MONEY Magazine ) -
At this weekend 's annual meeting of Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , security is tighter than usual , with several entrances to the parking lot of the Qwest convention center closed .
This may have something to do with Buffett 's announcement yesterday of his purchase of an 80 % stake in Iscar , an Israeli - based metal cutting tools firm , for $ 4 billion .
In one fell swoop , that makes him one of the biggest foreign investors in Israel .
With that news , a little extra security amidst the sea of the roughly 20,000 shareholders and acolytes in attendance can't hurt .
Regardless , Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway ( Research ) vice chairman Charles Munger threw Saturday 's entire morning open to a question and answer session with shareholders just as they do every year .
With no major scandal or news event in the foreground , Buffett and Munger struck a more reserved tone than they have at past meetings .
But their views on housing prices and the energy and commodity markets may ruffle some feathers .
Buffett played his usual role of the talkative , cheery extrovert , speaking in perfect paragraphs , while Munger took the role of the laconic , crotchety critic whose favorite sentence is " I have nothing further to add . "
These are not just their stage personas , but how they normally think and speak .
What follows is an edited and approximate transcript of their remarks .
On the real estate bubble
Buffett : " What we see in our residential brokerage business [ HomeServices of America , the nation 's second - largest realtor ] is a slowdown everyplace , most dramatically in the formerly hottest markets .
[ Buffett singled out Dade and Broward counties in Florida as an area that has experienced a rise in unsold inventory and a stagnation in price . ]
The day traders of the Internet moved into trading condos , and that kind a speculation can produce a market that can move in a big way .
You can get real discontinuities .
We 've had a real bubble to some degree .
I would be surprised if there are n't some significant downward adjustments , especially in the higher end of the housing market . "
On mortgage financing
Munger : " There is a lot of ridiculous credit being extended in the U.S. housing sector . "
Buffett : " Dumb lending always has its consequences .
It 's like a disease that does n't manifest itself for a few weeks , like an epidemic that does n't show up until it 's too late to stop it Any developer will build anything he can borrow against .
If you look at the 10Ks that are getting filed [ by banks ] and compare them just against last year 's 10Ks , and look at their balances of ' interest accrued but not paid , ' you 'll see some very interesting statistics [ implying that many homeowners are no longer able to service their current debt ] . "
On a commodities bubble
Buffett : " I do n't think there 's a bubble in agricultural commodities like wheat , corn and soybeans .
But in metals and oil there 's been a terrific [ price ] move .
It 's like most trends :
At the beginning , it 's driven by fundamentals , then speculation takes over .
As the old saying goes , what the wise man does in the beginning , fools do in the end .
With any asset class that has a big move , first the fundamentals attract speculation , then the speculation becomes dominant .
Once a price history develops , and people hear that their neighbor made a lot of money on something , that impulse takes over , and we 're seeing that in commodities and housing ... Orgies tend to be wildest toward the end .
It 's like being Cinderella at the ball .
You know that at midnight everything 's going to turn back to pumpkins & mice .
But you look around and say , ' one more dance , ' and so does everyone else .
The party does get to be more fun -- and besides , there are no clocks on the wall .
And then suddenly the clock strikes 12 , and everything turns back to pumpkins and mice . "
On ethanol
Buffett : " Charlie [ Munger ] and I do not know enough about the business to evaluate it .
It depends on government policy and a lot of other variables we 're not good at predicting .
It 's also a very hot area for investors right now , and we do n't like looking at things that are hot and easy to raise money for .
Generally speaking , agricultural processing businesses have not earned high returns on tangible capital .
Ethanol could prove an exception , but I 'm not sure how you gain a competitive advantage with any particular ethanol plant . "
Buffett solves his $ 37 billion cash crisis
Omaha confidential
The pilgrimage to Omaha .
Buffett in FORTUNE Magazine : ' Cut Your Gains !'
Could a computer be the next Buffett ?
MESSAGE FROM GO MAMA GO DESIGNS
Go Mama Go Designs is dedicated to and inspired by the beauty , creativity and ingenuity of mothers .
We believe that innovation is the key to practicality , safety and style .
Our products are the future of crib bedding .
Safety no longer has to be compromised for style .
The past does not have to dictate how we protect our children and what we see fit for them .
As a mother and businesswoman , I hope parents appreciate and enjoy what we are offering them : the only safe and stylish crib bedding alternative that is not only proven to be safe but excluded from all crib bumper bans .
Quality , design and safety are the backbone of our company .
These features shine through our transitional , superior nursery products that will provide you and your children safety , comfort and beauty for years to come .
By John Simpson
World affairs editor , BBC News
Iran is now a regional superpower , and ever since the Islamic revolution in 1978 - 9 , we in the West have consistently misunderstood it .
Ayatollah Khomeini died in 1989
On 9 January 1979 , a couple of weeks before his triumphant return to Iran , I interviewed Ayatollah Khomeini at his base in exile outside Paris .
In the interview , Khomeini sketched out Iran 's entire future : the eradication of the monarchy , universal suffrage and the ban on " corrupt " Western influences .
And he outlined his attitude to Western countries like Britain and the US .
" We intend to reject a relationship which makes us dependent on other countries , " he said .
" We have bitter memories of the British , because they ensured that Reza Shah ( the last Shah 's father ) came to power , and for half a century we have been under the domination of this man and his son . "
Heightened position
For almost 30 years , the West has concentrated on the religious , fundamentalist aspect of Iran 's Islamic Republic .
The overthrow of Saddam Hussein by the US has swept Iran 's local rival off the chessboard
We have forgotten that Khomeini 's revolution was also a declaration of independence from British and American control .
Now , thanks to several different factors , Iran has suddenly reached a new level of power and influence .
The sky - rocketing price of oil has put a lot of money into its pocket .
The overthrow of Saddam Hussein by the US has swept Iran 's local rival off the chessboard , and free elections in Iraq have brought the Shia majority to power .
UNCOVERING IRAN
Click here to listen to John Simpson on Radio 4's : Iran and Her Neighbours
Iraq , weakened by the immense violence which has followed Saddam 's overthrow , now regards Shia Iran as the dominant partner in the relationship .
Finally , after eight years of ineffectual government by the moderate reformist President Mohammed Khatami , Iran suddenly has an loud , idiosyncratic , fundamentalist president who cannot be ignored .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has gone back to Ayatollah Khomeini 's principles , and he wants to establish Iran 's independence further by turning Iran into a nuclear power .
Relations with Israel
The US and Israel are seriously worried .
If President Ahmadinejad wants to attack Israel , there are simpler ways than building a nuclear bomb
President Ahmadinejad insists that Iran is simply setting up a civil nuclear power industry , and that the US has no right to stop it .
But the American - based scholar Vali Nasr , author of The Shia Revival , believes he plans to go further : " He really wants to be one screwdriver short of a nuclear weapon , " he said .
Israel 's justice minister , Meir Sheetrit , is certain that Iran plans to build a nuclear bomb .
" They are fighting against the free world , " he says , " and I 'm warning not only Israel but all Europe and all democratic countries .
Otherwise it could be too late . "
But , if President Ahmadinejad wants to attack Israel , there are simpler ways than building a nuclear bomb .
Iran 's close ally , the Lebanese Shia movement Hezbollah , armed and trained by Iran , launched a highly successful brief war against Israel .
A guerrilla movement , well supplied with low - tech weapons , out - fought and outmanoeuvred a big conventional army using tanks , planes and artillery .
Modern alliances
By encouraging and arming Hezbollah , Iran has managed to create an anti-American front between Shia and Sunni Muslims in many parts of the Middle East .
Instead of the old Sunni - Shia hostility , there is a new unity .
Nowadays , you can see pictures of Hezbollah 's leader , Hassan Nasrallah , in shops and streets and houses from Cairo to Amman to Jerusalem .
According to Prince Hassan of Jordan : " The populism of Ahmadinejad and Hezbollah is an alternative to civil society in the Middle East .
" By recruiting the poor and disenfranchised , they are closer to people 's needs than governments are .
Which is why they have this enormous following . "
Pro-Western governments in the Middle East may not like it , but there is nothing they can do .
American influence in the area is visibly declining .
Their own positions are distinctly weaker .
President Ahmadinejad has put Iran at the forefront of all these changes .
For him , it is all part of the same process that Ayatollah Khomeini started , 27 years ago , when he overthrew the American - and British - imposed Shah .
NUCLEAR , BIOLOGICAL AND CHEMICAL WEAPONS
October 15 , 2006 : Old Russian ( Soviet era ) nuclear warheads are n't getting onto the black market because you may be able to steal them , but getting them to work is much more difficult .
Russian nukes are more high maintenance than most , and after as little as six months without tinkering and replacement of worn parts , the bombs no longer work .
There 's also a problem with the PAL ( Permissive Action Links ) codes .
Without the PAL , you can't get the nuke to detonate .
But more critical are the electronics and batteries , most of which are custom made , and the tritium booster material , which is always rapidly losing its unique ability to " boost " the initial reaction that makes the radioactive material explode .
Of course , if you could assemble a team of nuclear weapons engineers , you might be able to revive a " dead " nuke .
It 's this prospect that made counter - terrorism officials nervous when al Qaeda recently made a public appeal for scientists and engineers to join its ranks .
It 's known that some Pakistani nuclear weapons experts have a favorable opinion of Islamic radicalism , but these fellows are closely watched .
Bottom line ; it 's not impossible for Islamic terrorists to get their hands on a Russian nuke , that is in working order .
But it is very difficult .
I WOULD LIKE TO extend an olive branch .
Those of you who consider yourselves conservative and usually vote Republican have not had a very good couple of weeks .
Trust me , I know how this feels .
In fact , those of us on the other side of the fence do n’t really know what it ’s like to win , so if we seem a bit awkward right now ( were we supposed to vote for the majority leader the speaker said to vote for , or stick to our promise to the other guy ? ) , forgive us .
I know you are dismayed at the results of last week ’s election .
You ’ve got to be freaking out about what this bunch of tree - hugging , latte - sipping , men- kissing - men advocates will do now that the country is in our hands .
I do n’t blame you .
We ’d never admit it , but we secretly admire you because you know how to chop down a tree , take your coffee black and enjoy watching women kissing women .
Good on you !
What I do n’t want is for you to drop into the deep funk we liberals have been in for two - plus decades .
Yes , your Republican revolution is over , but hang in there .
And do not despair .
I , and the millions who voted for Democrats , have no interest in revenge for the last 12 years .
In fact , let me make 12 promises as to how we will treat you , the minority , in the coming years .
Thus , here is “ A Liberal ’s Pledge to Disheartened Conservatives ” :
1 ) We will always respect you .
We will never , ever , call you “ unpatriotic ” simply because you disagree with us .
In fact , we encourage you to dissent and disagree with us .
2 ) We will let you marry whomever you want ( even though some among us consider your Republican behavior to be “ different ” or “ immoral ” ) .
Who you marry is none of our business .
Love , and be in love — it ’s a wonderful gift .
3 ) We will not spend your grandchildren ’s money on our personal whims or to enrich our friends .
It ’s your checkbook too , and we will balance it for you .
4 ) When we soon bring our sons and daughters home from Iraq , we will bring your sons and daughters home too .
We promise never to send your kids off to war based on some amateur Power Point presentation cooked up by men who have never been to war .
5 ) When we make America the last Western democracy to have universal health coverage , and all Americans are able to get help when they fall ill , we promise that you too will be able to see a doctor , regardless of your ability to pay .
And when stem cell research delivers treatments and cures for diseases that afflict you and your loved ones , we ’ll make sure those advances are available to you and your family too .
6 ) When we clean up our air and water , you too will be able to breathe the cleaner air and drink the purer water .
When we put an end to global warming , you will no longer have to think about buying oceanfront property in Yuma .
7 ) Should a mass murderer ever kill 3,000 people on our soil , we will devote every single resource to tracking him down and bringing him to justice .
Immediately .
We will protect you .
8 ) We will never stick our nose in your bedroom or your womb .
What you do there as consenting adults is your business .
We will continue to count your age from the moment you were born , not the moment you were conceived .
9 ) We will not take away your hunting guns .
If you need an automatic weapon or a handgun to kill a bird or a deer , then you really are n’t much of a hunter and you should , perhaps , take up another sport .
In the meantime , we will arm the deer to make it a fairer fight .
10 ) When we raise the minimum wage , we will raise it for your employees too .
They will use that money to buy more things , which means you will get the money back !
And when women are finally paid what men make , we will pay conservative women that wage too .
11 ) We will respect your religious beliefs , even when you do n’t practice those beliefs .
In fact , we will actively seek to promote your most radical religious beliefs ( “ Blessed are the peacemakers , ” “ Love your enemies , ” “ It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God ” and “ Whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers of mine , you did for me ” ) .
We will let people in other countries know that God does n’t just bless America , he blesses everyone .
We will discourage religious intolerance and fanaticism — starting here at home .
12 ) We will not tolerate politicians who are corrupt and break the law .
And we promise you we will go after the corrupt politicians on our side first .
If we fail to do this , we need you to call us on it .
Simply because we are in power does not give us the right to turn our heads the other way when our party goes astray .
Please perform this important duty as the loyal opposition .
I promise all of the above to you because this is your country too .
You are every bit as American as we are .
We are all in this together .
We sink or swim as one .
Thank you for your years of service to this country and for giving us the opportunity to see if we can make things a bit better for our 300 million fellow Americans — and for the rest of the world .
Now pull yourself together and let ’s go have a Frappuccino .
Thursday , July 27 , 2006
Google Sends Gifts to Unhappy User
If you want to snatch lots of free goodies , just complain about Google !
Seriously , Kirby Witmer had some problems with Google Checkout , as reported here earlier , and he now received a letter from Google ( “ I do apologize for the trouble you experienced using the Google Checkout system ” ) along with an incredible amount of Google freebies ...
Google chewing gums , pens , USB sticks , shirts , mugs and more :
Previously , Google sent pain relief .
[ Thanks Kirby .
Images uses with permission . ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
914bbs.txt 3968
914 Area Code BBS List , by Dan Gelman ( January 15 , 1984 )
A snapshot of the typical BBSes you might find in an area code , in this case , mine .
A good portion of the " General " boards you see listed were in fact Phreak or Pirate boards .
Keeping an active account on all your local systems could be quite time - consuming .
actung .hum 332
Relaxen und watch das blinkenlights ...
This sort of small , quaint humor file could be found lurking across many different kinds of BBSes and mainframes .
Origin : Unknown , although it very likely could date back to the 60's or 70's .
ad.txt 1664
Call The Upside Down BBS !
A typical " Tag File " for a Bulletin Board System , in this case a classic Apple II with 64 k of memory .
To entice you over , the BBS offers you everything up to and including the two floppy disks located in the floppy drives .
Besides being an interesting approach for a BBS ad , this short file also shows the variety of devices you could hook to an Apple II , including devices you could hook to other devices .
adventur.txt 7758
Adventure : Solving it in Easy Steps , by The Rom Raider and Doctor Digital
Do n't read this file if you have n't played Crowther and Wood 's original classic " Adventure " !
This file is a solid example of a " Walk - through " , where the goal was to present an easy , no - thinking solution to the classic thinking person 's game : text adventures .
While these games could present hours ( or days or weeks ) of fun trying to solve the puzzles and pitfalls , many people were content to just be given the answer and go through the game blindly , watching as every step they made was the exact right one .
To a smaller degree , there was a constant one - upsmanship with Walkthroughs , where whoever could come out with the " solve " for a game the soonest after it was released ( or even before ) was the King of the Hill .
angela.art 6656
ASCII Art of " Angela "
A solid , classic example of an ASCII Nude , brimming with joy and text - based sexiness .
Some of these were hand - drawn , while others used primitive digitizers and software that translated graphics to text to give surprisingly realistic photos when seen from a distance .
Naturally , these files were a hot trade online .
anonymit 34657
The Joy of Handles , by Mahatma Kane Jeeves and David Lescohier
This series of articles attacks the issue of anonymity and handles from a completely different set of perspectives ; that is , the protection of the writer from general harassment and investigation , and not necessarily that of promoting unwelcome or illegal ideas .
An informative read .
applemaf.hum 21388
The Apple Mafia Story , as told to Red Ghost , 1986
This interesting insight into the comings and goings of the Apple piracy world of the early - mid 80's shows the battle between the older class of pirates and the new breed of " r0dentz " that has been waged for the last 20 years .
This file also gives a history ( and hardware list ) of the Sherwood Forest BBSes , which were among my all - time favorite boards , and probably a pretty darn influential force in the world that textfiles.com presents .
apples.txt 8960
Typical Apple Piracy Message Base , circa 1984
This pristine capture of a 14 - message apple " warez " message base shows a gamut of user types converging in one place to trade boasts , information , and programs .
From Sherlock
Apple 's boast of " I have em all !!!!!! " to Creative Cracker and Key Master 's BBS ads , you can see how these places became hotbeds of activity and information .
Key master and I traded textfiles back then ; I thought nothing of calling a BBS called " The 4th Reich " .
arttext.fun 4020
The Art of Writing Textfiles , by The Bronze Rider
Bronze rider weighs in with his opinions on how to write proper textfiles , probably in response to some lack of quality in files up to that point .
( This file is incomplete for the moment , but you 'll get the idea . )
b00g !.hum 6623
B00g and the Art of Zen , by Anarchy Incorporated
This file started a weird " b00g " craze that perpetuated itself for a number of years across a lot of BBSes that I was on / involved in .
Then again , Anarchy Inc. was one of those groups you could depend on for some really excellent writing no matter what the subject was about .
balls.txt 2845
Mouse Balls Available as a Field Replacement Unit
A classic example of a somewhat plausible file making the rounds for years and years .
This likely - true file discussing how to wash the balls from Computer Mice took on a life of its own and still shows up occasionally .
Surely a giggle , if not a guffaw .
basicom4.phk 17717
Bioc Agent's Telecommunications Series , Part IV
BIOC Agent 003 was one of those rare phone phreaks who could both assimilate information around him and present it in a well - written , forthright manner .
Often , many of the phreaking textfiles of the time were poorly written , hastily formatted , and lacking in any perspective beyond how to break or get freebies from a computer or network .
Bioc got a lot of attention with his clear writing and informative series " The Basics of Telecommunications " , which appeared in the summer of 1984 .
This example from the series , part 4 ( of 7 ) covered both the hierarchy and electronic network of the Bell Telephone System .
Groundbreaking .
basicom5.phk 18867
Bioc Agent's Telecommunications Series , Part V
Another example of BIOC 's writing in the Basics of Telecommunications Series , this section dealt entirely with the basic telephone , including the wiring and the electronic aspects .
Notably , BIOC gives a bibliography where he got a lot of his information ( something pretty much not done beforehand ) and additionally covers the theory of operation of the infamous " Black Box " , as well .
Excellent .
bbsdeath.pro 7639
Whatever Happened to REAL Bulletin- Board Systems ?
What strikes me about this file was that it was written around 1982 and decries how out - of - touch , vicious , and impersonal the BBS world has grown for the writer .
Note the interesting reasons he gives for the downturn of BBS's .
bc760mod.ham 1408
Modification of the Uniden Bearcat BC950XLT for Cellular Frequencies , by John Stover ( March 29 , 1988 )
The problem was major : Cellular phones could be listened to by any ham radio scanner being made .
The normal solution : Produce better cell phones , that did a better job of encrypting / scrambling transmissions .
The solution the government took : Force all creators of any ham radio scanners to remove the capability of ham radios to listen to the frequencies chosen for the cellular phones .
Naturally , the companies did this in the cheapest way possible , often just running a short - circuiting wire such that attempts to go to those frequencies would be unsuccessful .
And naturally , files such as this one made themselves available , where you were told how to take out that wire and restore the machine to full functionality .
Was the point to listen in on people ?
No .
The point was crippling technology to hide things from people flies in the face of the spirit of technology .
5 short lines , and the efforts from the unknowing are thwarted .
The power of textfiles .
beefstar.hum 2965
" Hey how much for someone to , you know , screw with the beef ? "
This is the only beef pornography I 've ever seen .
Sexual Surrealism at its best .
bhbb1.hac 9837
Better Homes and Blue Boxing , Part I , by Mark Tabas ( January 7 , 1985 )
Mark Tabas came along in 1985 and wrote a series of chatty , friendly files about all the fun you could have with the mysterious Blue Box , the most famous of all the Phreak Boxes that rose out of the 1970's and 1980's .
This box , when used in conjunction with a 2600 hz tone across a phone line , allowed you to seize control a telephone line as if you were an operator and do all sorts of neat , crazy stuff .
By 1985 these boxes were becoming obsolete ( with the advent of Electronic Switching System , or ESS ) but this file harkens back to this interesting era .
A sign of the great works LOD would create for the next decade .
billrights.fun 3746
The Bill of Rights " Lite " , by John Perry Barlow
This re-tooled Bill of Rights , rephrased to reflect most of the constitutional issues arising in cyberspace and in general everyday life , hit the nail on the head as to how far the government had strayed from its original plan .
Barlow , a co-founder of the Electronic Freedom Foundation , makes his beliefs about the modern world known in just a couple screenfuls of slashed - up constitutional law .
black.box 4460
To All Who Dare -- The Black Box
For many people , this simple little text file was the opening door into the world of the Phone Phreak , a world where a simple application of technology meant a subversion of the great and powerful Bell System .
In this case , the Black Box would convince the telephone company that your phone was still ringing , even though you 'd picked the phone up and were chatting happily through the buzzing rings .
With its name owing to the 1970 's era " Blue Box " , the Black Box was the final spark to ignite a stream of steady " box " files , each one a more flamboyant and wild color and each promising the world .
bofh .1 3854
The Bastard Operator From Hell # 1 , by Simon Travaglia
As the BBS kids of the world grew into full - fledged System Operators , they found that no textfile out there caught the frustrations and issues of a computer hacker saddled with responsibility more than the BOFH ( Bastard Operator from Hell ) series .
Stretching through many files and continuing to this day as a magazine column , these textfiles set out an alternate - world Simon the Sysadmin who would torture and ruin his users in the pursuit of more free time and lager .
The initials BOFH have become one of the better - kept inside jokes of the System Admin trade , and these files have become immortal .
cDc-0200.txt 124155
The cDc # 200 Higgledy - Piggledy - Big-Fat-Henacious - Mega-Mackadocious You - Can't - Even-Come- Close - So-Jump-Back-K-BOOMIDY-BOOMIDY-BOOM
File , by Swamp Ratte '
The Cult of the Dead Cow continues to be a prominent force in the online world , but when they started in the late 1980's they were just another text - file writing group , copying heavy metal lyrics and printing bomb ingredient lists .
Swamp Ratte 's perseverance and leadership caused cDc to break out of that mode , however , and by the time they 'd released their 200th textfile ( In December of 1992 ) they 'd been around for over 6 years , forever by BBS standards .
To celebrate , Swamp Ratte ' wrote this file , which I consider to be an all - time classic not only because of the dead - on parodies of the BBS world of the 1980's that run through it , but for the way these parodies perfectly capture a lot of the cultural forces that ran through that time .
( The warez vs. textfiles debate , the self - aggrandizement of older hackers , the completely bizzare spelling styles , etc. )
This file truly goes above and beyond in every way .
A great reference file to see if you can get all the jokes when reading other files here .
captain.phk 2759
An Apple for the Captain , by Steven Wozniak ( October 1 , 1984 )
BIOC Agent 003 transcribes an Infoworld article that mentions a funny story about Captain Crunch ( John Draper ) , an employee of Apple , reprogramming an Apple II so that it would dial up PBX lines to get free phone codes .
In a few short paragraphs , Steven Wozniak describes Phone Phreaking with an innocent sense of fun and exploration , using common technology .
captmidn.txt 24394
The Story of Captain Midnight
This textfile , source unknown , tells the story of Captain Midnight , a lone satellite operator who overrode HBO 's signal with a warning against charging $ 12.95 a month and scrambling their signal .
This sudden seizure of the HBO signal caught the media ( and the government ) 's attention , and he was soon caught .
This textfile saves the memory of a fellow who took matters into his own hands , and blew out a showing of Pee Wee 's Big Adventure as a bonus .
catstuff.app 9818
Expanding Your Apple Cat II , by The Ware - Wolf
The Novation Apple Cat Modem was one of those pieces of technology that you just can't believe ever got out into the market , and which stands as a straight example of the creativity that lives in this world .
Built simply to be a flexible modem , this piece of technology contained 4 digital to analogue converters and several other unexpected ports and switches that caused it to be used as a clock , answering machine / voice mailbox , hold button , voice changer , and music player .
Simply put , this modem was beyond belief .
This textfile helps show some of the amazing modifications to this modem that were devised by its users .
codegeek.txt 20841
Robert Hayden 's Code of the Geeks v1.01
The Geek Code is one of those bizzare Internet - only phenomenons that would only rise up among a culture dominated by the intelligensia : a code that , through an application of letters with plus or minus modifications , would indicate the hobbies , desires , or public aspects of that person , easily machine - readable , but to anyone who did n't know the code , completely indecipherable .
copyprot.pro 11392
Copy Protection : A History and Outlook
Dt writes a quick overview ( intended for publication , and therefore a little more balanced than it normally would have been ) about the history of copy protection and some of the methods used on both sides in the war over software .
crossbow 29200
From Crossbows to Cryptography : Thwarting the State Via Technology
Chuck Hammill of the Libertech Project comes out with a jaw - dropping defense of technology as a liberating force , through the use of cryptography and communication , and applies it to his ( cynical ) view of history and the nature of Governments .
A speech given at the Future of Freedom Conference that is at once balanced , intruiging , revolutionary , bitter , hopeful , and inspiring .
All around , ahead of its time and relevant to this very minute .
dec.wars 31839
DEC WARS : The Continuing Saga of the Adventures of Luke Vaxhacker
One of the earlier and one of the best cross-cultural fan fiction files , combining the world of Digital 's VAX series of computers with the Star Wars movies .
Peppered throughout this file , tons of inside VAX jokes combine with Star Wars references , making it one of the geekiest , nerdiest files you could come across online .
This genre has exploded out of control since then , but at the time , it was something really new , and a ton of fun .
diskgone.ana 627
When He Boots It , It Boots Him !
From Ziggy Stardust
This explosive device sticks in the mind because of both the pure nastiness of the situation ( booby trapping a floppy disk to turn it into a bomb ) and the reason given for a person to risk someone else 's life : they did n't trade pirated programs honestly .
dodontae.hum 9385
The Do's and Don'ts of Ascii Express , by Quasimoto
The story of Ascii Express is one of a telecommunications company adding a small feature to allow remote downloads , that spread into a massive underground network of pirated applications throughout the Apple II community .
These " AE Lines " provided quick , simple access to other floppy drives across the country , and became a subculture all their own .
This file purports to give some suggested etiquette for AE lines , only to be deflated quite humorously by Count Nibble at the end .
easymony.ana 6709
A Guide to Easy Money , by The Flash ( January 4 , 1986 )
Even a cursory read of this file shows that the Flash knew not one molecule of what he was talking about .
This complete lack of knowledge in the dark arts of Street Economy obviously did n't stop him from publishing a series of files on how to succeed in them .
At this no -man 's land between fact and fantasy , you get a great insight into the author 's idea of how the world works , and how easy he thought the world of crime was .
( Ostensibly , the Flash has gone on to a nice , quiet life somewhere . )
eatingmsh.drg 2028
Can You Put Psychedelic Mushrooms on Pizza ?
A pretty funny example from a Usenet posting in alt .drugs .
Somehow , I can imagine this happening .
And oh , he 's the MANAGER !
While a lot of drug files tend to be boring chemical lists or long and drawn - out philosophical discussions , this file makes you think twice about who 's working the cash register .
eel_bye.txt 7680
The Eel Says Goodbye to the Pirate World
What really strikes me about The Eel 's farewell to the piracy world of 1992 is that while he says that one of his primary motivations for leaving is his current circle of " real " friends , the rest of the file goes to show he has dozens of other " real " friends as well .
No doubt in the years after his break away from life on the modem he 's built even more circles of friends , but one can't help wondering if he does n't read this file and think of what else he threw away besides his collection of " warez " .
elite.cmd 5946
The Elite Commandments
As the word " Elite " came to be bandied about in BBSes , people started to separate themselves between the " Elite " and " Unelite " .
Specifically , this was just another way to look down on others based on completely arbitrary , meaningless reasons .
This file skewers that attitude in a list of " commandments " that best represent the mindset of the self - named " elite " .
As a bonus , several inside jokes from the era are presented in a " gossip weekly " parody at the end .
elites.txt 3113
Someone Completely Blows Up
A young BBS user ( I do n't know where this came from ) suddenly begins ranting about everything that bothers him about being on BBSes .
His complaints take on a heartwarming quirkiness , looking back .
ethics.txt 8140
Ethics for BBS Users
A well - written , nicely - formatted , completely pedantic file that lectures you on every aspect of being a BBS user .
This file was part of a trend of Sysops explaining to users how great they had it for having BBSes to call , and to appreciate the work behind them .
They were rarely successful , but you do what you can .
The invitation to download the file and display it on other BBSes meant that some new users would be subjected to this file automatically .
The " wearing a tie to school " side of the BBS world .
famous.bug 52609
Famous Computer Bugs , compiled by Dave Curry and John Shore
This ARPAnet - compiled lists of computer glitches through history shows some wonderful perspective on disasters and screw - ups through history ( mostly the 60's and 70's ) and shows you the interesting vulnerabilities that have cropped up over time .
Some of them , such as a probe suddenly losing contact with earth , are scarily sobering , but others , such as the Multics bug ( the swapper - out process would swap out the swapper - in process ! ) make you just want to snort , assuming you snort at that sort of thing .
Geeky , and cute .
feh - 1 54625
Fuckin ' Eleet Haxor Issue # 1 , July 1st 1995
As the World Wide Web really started to take hold in the middle of the 1990s , textfiles became a rarer and rarer entity , usually leaning instead to HTML pages and graphics to get the information ( and the point ) across .
In the case of FEH , indicative of the textfiles of the time , it is sometimes very hard to tell where the parody and where the seriousness lay within the issue .
While a lot of it seems to be a thought - out send - up of the badly - spelling hacking community , some serious and researched information is included as well .
This magazine went on to several additional issues , each of them a little more serious than the last .
For better or worse , this is how things came to be in the culture .
gems.txt 75172
GEMS : The Untold Story , by the Video Vindicator ( February 1 , 1992 )
The Video Vindicator came late into the game ( early 1990 's ) but produced some of the most wonderful files from that time period .
This file caught my attention because he chose a subject that would normally be of very little interest to the BBS crowd ( Gemology ) and takes it to a completely new level by turning it into both a wonderful history lesson about Gems ( I learned a lot in this file ) and twisting it into yet another way to scam the planet for some extra bucks .
Breathtaking in his audacity , and completely slick in his delivery .
One to watch .
groupass.phk 1809
An Unforgettable Telephone Service Call , from Pat Routledge
This breed of textfile tends to be short , amusing , and perpetuated endlessly .
Often the story is hard to track back , and is even more often a paraphrase of what actually happened , but it never fails to be humorous , especially if it lasted this far .
A classic " urban legend " , even if it 's true .
hack1.hac 7960
The Basics of Hacking : Introduction , by The Knights of Shadow
The Knights of Shadow produced a collection of Hacking How - Tos that instructed users how to get around a variety of mainframes , including Digital and Data General Machines .
While the information in these texts might not be as relevant , this introduction stands apart for its preaching the idea of hacking for knowledge , and leaving no footprints and destroying nothing in the process .
Their definition of " Hacker " is rather interesting , as well .
A clever set of files .
hack11a.txt 692945
The Project Gutenberg E - Text of Bruce Sterling 's Hacker Crackdown
In 1993 , Science Fiction author Bruce Sterling aimed his considerable writing talents to dissecting and understanding all the forces at work between Hackers , Police , and the people they 've had an effect on .
He does a very admirable job .
While no book ( so far ) has captured the 1980 's computer hacker experience perfectly , this book makes you come away with a feeling that the major issues were touched on and that no - one ( on either side ) got the short shaft .
( This is a major accomplishment in itself . )
Sterling is an excellent writer , and while compared to other works in this directory this textfile is a bit on the mammoth side , it 's worth it .
This file also highlights the work of the great Project Gutenberg , which for 20 years has endeavored to transcribe as many classic works to electronic texts as their staff of volunteers will let them .
There 's an entire directory of these important and breathtakingly huge projects on textfiles .
hack7.txt 3988
The Conscience of a Hacker , by The Mentor ( January 8 , 1986 )
The Mentor 's angry scream against the authorities he saw as trying to crush his spark and the spark of people like him .
For some reason , this file became the flashpoint that a number of books ( including Bruce Sterling 's ) used as an example of the oppression of the intelligent and the motivations behind the fine art of hacking .
Whether it stands up to this sort of light or not , it 's a clear statement from someone who feels a lot of pain ; and that 's what communication is all about .
hack_ths.txt 148109
The Social Organization of the Computer Underground , The Thesis of Gordon Meyer
Mr. ( Probably Dr. ) Meyer 's Sociology paper on the social structure in Hacking , Phreaking , and Pirating groups is interestingly dedicated to George Hayduke ( writer of the " Get Even " series of revenge books ) and Barry Freed ( The pseudonym taken by Abbie Hoffman when he was a fugitive from the FBI ) .
This indicates not a little leaning on the side of the groups he 's analyzing .
He goes over impressions that the media have about hackers , what being a hacker , phreak or pirate consists of as he sees it , and then tries to draw conclusions of what this all means .
Written in 1989 , this file takes on the subculture with a non-hysterical point of view that makes it very easy to read .
Worth the time .
highdoc.ana 1408
How to get Really Soaring High on Gatorade , by Max Madd
Some of the most entertaining textfiles are the ones where the writer is obviously hot to write one , but has no actual information to report on .
Instead , they pull up a in - the - rough concept , like getting high off a fruit drink , and create a short file around it .
In this case , the key is to get high off the thirst - quenching Gatorade , by merely drinking it as fast as possible .
Nearly a third of the entire file is a legal disclaimer , a typical gesture that is very likely meaningless in the long run .
howtobbs.txt 9216
How to Become an Unsuccessful , Burned - Out SysOp
From the perspective of 24 - hour , super - high - speed internet connections , it 's refreshing to read this list of tips telling people how they can improve their single - line , often 2400 baud BBS lines .
The hundreds of bulletin boards popping up every month during the early 80's ensured that general guideline files actually had a large target audience .
Of course , the comment about free software being inherently bad does n't seem as relevant anymore ...
iaad.txt 71551
How Pirate BBSes Impact on the Entire Atari Community , by D.A. Brumleve
This serious report , tracking the theoretical impact of piracy on the Atari ST publishing community , has an unintended secondary effect of documenting and providing an excellent picture of the typical " Pirate " BBS in the early 90's .
Besides capturing interesting quotes and entire file directories , this report gives a solid overview of this underanalyzed social phenomenon .
Interesting reading , if a bit heavy - handed in some places .
icegun.ana 11253
A Step by Step Guide to Making a Dry Ice Gun by The Voice Over
Please do n't follow the instructions in this file ; I can't vouch for its truthfulness or safety .
This file is a typical weaponry / anarchy file , inviting you to build some dangerous thing for the purposes of destruction or entertainment .
Unlike many such files , The Voice Over can spell , and he warns you how much you can injure yourself .
These files comprise a massive subset of the textfiles of the 1980's ; why people dedicate such effort to proving they can blow up more than anyone else is an interesting outcropping of the one - upmanship prevalent in other parts of the culture .
An unusually academic file from Metal Communications .
infobugs.adv 3930
A Collection of Infocom Bugs , from the New Zork Times
I 'm not entirely sure this file comes from the New Zork Times , but the " we " tense of the description of the bugs and the invitation to try new things on the end smacks of it .
Infocom was a text adventure game company - by pretty much any measure , the best .
They had some of the most evocative games to come out at the time , and few game companies today even come close to the experiences that Infocom provided .
Because the games were so detailed , the types of bugs that people would encounter were strange indeed , and this file chronicles some of them .
Neat .
intohell.hum 11233
Hacking Into Hell , by The Raver
The Raver serves up a very odd blend of heavy - metal / satanic imagery , geek humor , and suspense in this story of a hapless user hacking into Lucifer 's Mainframe .
The Metal AE , where this file originated from , was host to a whole gang of Heavy Metal blasting computer geeks , and that weird matchup shows in nearly every textfile that came out of them .
An evocative file , to say the least .
intro.hum 5827
The Utopia BBS Login Screen : " Pansy's Homemade Mainframe "
The first of two login screens from the Utopia BBS on this top 100 list .
The Utopia BBS was one of hundreds of Apple II GBBS boards out there , written in BASIC and therefore completely modifiable ( the additions were called ' mods ' ) by the Sysop or Co - Sysops .
In the case of this particular board , you could log on each day and see a completely different board , with different menus , login screens , and the rest .
This time , they make you type your password in several times , only to show they were completely kidding with you .
The long message about whether to create a Utopia II and the odd logoff screen ( after I was ejected for not being " validated " yet ) only add to the fun .
jihad.nfo 17260
The JiHAD Courier Information File
This particular file does n't hold any particular historical significance ; I pretty much chose it at random because it was a good example of a Tag file , and one of a Courier Group at that .
Tag files are little pieces of text usually attached to a pirated piece of software , that tells you information about the group that cracked file , or what kind of program you 'd gotten , or even whatever news had gone on it that group recently .
Courier groups were an interesting phenomenon of the past decade , where the process of cracking software and distributing it separated and separate groups formed for each function .
Crackers could then merely send a program to the contact for the Courier group , and the file would be spread along to the " usual channels " within a day or two .
Interesting scene .
k - k00ld.hum 5158
The History of Real K - K00L D00DS , by The Edge
While the still - common habit of bad spelling ( replacing U for You , 0 for O , Z for S , and similar gunk ) in communication might seem a somewhat new fad , in fact it goes back for over a decade .
In this file ( circa 1985 ) , you can already see that it 's been around long enough to be made fun of in a parody text .
The Edge engages in a pretty amusing sample " chat " session in the middle of the file , that really makes me laugh , because I really did get users like that .
And people think talking like this is still cutting edge ?
killsant.hum 3497
How to Kill Santa Claus Dead ! by the Outland
The Outland ( of the Neon Knights ) ran the first board I was ever a Sysop of , Milliways .
You would never know it if you met him , but when the Outland sat down to write files for Metal Communications and the Neon Knights , he would just spew forth some of the most violent , anarchistic , nihilist text to come out of any file - writing group .
Besides Santa Claus , other targets of his files included the Easter Bunny , mailboxes , the local neighborhood , and in one case , I recall , the entire planet .
He was certainly in character with the other members of the Neon Knights , where violence was the main driving force in the writing , but knowing him personally gave me insight that for him , it was actually just all fiction , another neat thing to do .
killshco.ana 16886
The SchoolStoppers ' Textbook
The Yippies , or " Youth International Party " were a political group from the late 60's and early seventies that were really the grandfathers of a lot of the computer " underground " that flourishes today .
They staged protests , wrote interesting books and articles , and published the Youth International Party Line ( YIPL ) which later became TAP , a predecessor of the currently famous 2600 magazine .
Among their famous members were Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin .
This reprinted article is essentially a checklist for causing utter anarchy at your local school , so as to completely disrupt the learning process .
Angry but witty , this was where a lot of later " anarchy " files took their style from , knowing it or not .
krckwczt.app 137510
Kracowicz ' Kracking Korner : The Basics of Kracking Parts 1 -
9
The world of Apple II Copy Protection was a hot battlefield throughout the Apple II 's production life , with commercial developers spending thousands on new copy protection schemes and crackers rising out of the woodwork to " crack " these programs , make them copyable , and distribute them .
With Krakowicz , you had a Software Company 's worst nightmare : A literate , intelligent crackist who made a supreme effort to teach others .
What is most striking about this series of files is not just the amount of detail and research that Kracowicz put into his writing to make it understandable to others , but his unique hardware - based solutions to the software that was being piped through his Apple II .
By creating boards , switches , and hot - wiring his chips , he could exert incredible control over the programs he was attempting to crack .
The companies did n't have a chance .
Kracowicz stands alone .
lay - girl.txt 16308
The Complete Guide of Laying a Girl v1.1 , from John Smith
Probably the most amusing textfiles I occasionally stumbled across were those attempting to teach you the birds and the bees , or at least how to get laid .
Usually in the form of " how - to " guides , these textfiles were usually completely out of left field , totally lacking in any accuracy or truly helpful information , and more likely than not someone 's complete fantasy from watching too many teen exploitation flicks .
In the case of this particular specimen , Mr. Smith seems to have as weak a grasp on the English language as he does on the particulars of intercourse or romance .
Such stunning phrases as " Stack you hand gently under her trousers and move your hand more deeply evert time " guarantee that you 're going to take this file with an oven - sized grain of salt .
Sadly , this file is among the best of the bunch -- many of the others indicated rape or kidnapping as appropriate means to seduction .
A fountain of ignorance .
leeches !.hum 11312
The Society of " Leeches " in the Telecommunications World , by Mister I / O
" Mister I/O " was the first name of The Outland , who later went on to join the Neon Knights and Metal Communications .
In this file , he skewers the world of " Leeches " , users who connect to systems and take all the files without donating any of their own .
This particular kind of file ( ridiculing other groups within the subculture ) were plentiful by this time , but I think his stands out for that completely bizzare chart of the lineage of Leeches .
Additionally , he even throws in some mathematical equations to determine your " leechiness " .
This file was written before his files took on a much more violent ( but still witty ) turn , as mentioned previously .
lod -1 213571
The Legion of Doom / Hacking Technical Journal Volume 1 , by the LOD
I can remember when the Legion of Doom was just one of a group of punk kids hanging around on some of the same BBSes that I frequented .
But someone or several someones within the group threw a ton of energy into the LOD , and they quickly rose to the forefront of Hacker / Phreaking groups of the time .
The advantage of years of hindsight and a number of books have brought the group much more fame and regard historically , but even the most cynical or skeptical observer had to admit ; this group produced .
A prime example are these Legion of Doom / Hacker Technical journals , an indirect response to Phrack and other hacker magazines .
The LOD / H Tech Journal was heavy , meaty stuff for the time ( 1987 ) with schematics , statistics , and even attributions to the files that had come before it .
The series is worth reading as a prime example of the " highbrow " hackers , who put on the airs of having the knowledge to share , while raising the ire of those who did n't .
lozers.hum 24778
The Official 1984 Lozerlist , by The Atom ( March 3 , 1985 )
The Atom 's bile - spewing , gossip - heavy " Loser List " comes in as one of the best examples of an all - around " Rag File " that I 've seen , where the writer takes everyone on and attempts to completely slam them into the ground on all sides .
Personal info , analysis of the groups they belong to , rumors and innuendo are all up for grabs as he decimates a lot of the " big names " in the 914/212/718 BBS world ( as well as a few from the midwest ) .
It appears a lot of his hatred comes from the Richard Sandza articles ( also in the top 100 ) , but more than that , he has it in for nearly anyone who has become in some way " famous " or " legendary " in the Phreak and Piracy world .
Quite a piece of work .
I never found a 1985 list or anything since .
ludeinfo.hum 9298
Basic , Intermediate and Advanced Luding , by Sinbad Sailor
While calling an interesting BBS called the 1985 BBS ( the last four digits were 1985 , it came up on January 1st of 1985 and went down December 31st , 1985 ) , I stumbled upon this small social phenomenon called " Luding " .
The board was reeking with it ; there was a Luding sub - board filled with messages and there were a good number of instructional " Luding " files , not to mention some Luding poetry and fiction .
Naturally , this really threw me for a loop , and while the actual idea of " Luding " is somewhat tame , these set of files stand out to me as excellent examples of how just writing about a small little fad in your hometown could blow the entire thing out of proportion to the point that you thought you were really missing out on something big .
mathimp.txt 4177
Impure Mathematics : The Story of Polly Nomial
What we have here is probably the all - time marathon - running Usenet humor file .
A collection of mathematic inside jokes used to tell a running set of sexual innuendo , this story of the hapless Polly Nomial and Curly Pi was the kind of file you 'd trip over time and time again in different file directories .
There are a good amount of sequels , but you can't beat the original .
Math Geek humor ; what beats that ?
miami.hum 8107
Go Bare , by Captain Goodnight ( August 25 , 1986 )
Captain Goodnight 's fictional short story is worth reading for the somewhat accurate feeling it gives of living a life primarily through a computer .
There 's some bad spelling and weird images mixed into the paragraphs , but on the whole , you 'll come away from it either remembering memories from your own childhood or feel like you 're peering into someone 's life .
A real gas of a story .
mindvox 66115
Voices in My Head : The Mindvox Overture by Patrick Kroupa
Mr. Kroupa 's announcement of the creation of his new ISP caught a lot of people off guard .
The tack from which he made his announcement was to harken back to the 1980's , and all the unique cultural forces at work then , that expressed themselves on the modem .
In many ways , he saw a lot of what I 've seen in terms of a need to preserve or maintain that time in some fashion .
He additionally saw a need to make those times come back by creating Mindvox , his ISP by way of his company Phantom Technologies .
I know that mindvox was wildly successful for a time , but the full story of its downfall escapes me .
Meanwhile , this text still survives and shows an amazing breadth of insight into the BBS world of the preceding decade .
This document was reprinted everywhere , so it definitely hit a nerve .
I just wish we had a little more in our hands to show for it .
modemlif.hac 11074
The Modem Life : Is it Worth it ?
By Bryan Nomad ( May 26 , 1985 ) [ ?]
Bryan , frustrated by downed BBSes , busy signals , abuse and hatred in message bases , and the financial drain of being s SysOp , takes a different tack .
He writes this heartfelt message to the BBS world at large to ask people to remember that they 're all people , they 're all part of a community , and it 's not about how much abuse you can spew into the air , but about getting to know one another and maybe make some friends .
How effective is this file at getting into a cynical heart ?
Who knows .
One can always hope it did some good .
Thank you , Bryan .
nighhack.omn 9225
The Night of the Hackers , by Richard Sandza , transcribed by The Reflex
There are two notable angles to this file .
The more simpler one is that it was transcribed by The Reflex of Omnipotent Incorporated , a regular on The Works BBS and an all - around prolific and intelligent writer .
He chose as an important addition to his body of work this article from Newsweek , published in 1984 .
The second angle is this article , " Night of the Hackers " , which brought right to the forefront a lot of those mysterious terms that hung in the air as private knowledge and secrets for only those " in the know " in the BBS world .
Sherwood Forest , Blottoland , Plovernet , tele - trials all got ( unwanted ) national exposure in this article , and things just were n't the same afterwards .
The aftermath of Richard Sandza 's life is documented in " Revenge of the Hackers " , also in this collection .
Studied with the span of years from it , the article is solid , interesting , and pretty accurate .
noise.ana 3679
Variable - Pitched Frequency Generator , or How to Annoy Your Teachers , by Captain Quieg
The Captain provides you with an accurate ( I had one built ) , inexpensive , and mostly harmless prank electronic toy that would emit an extremely high - pitched noise , such that many people could get headaches from prolonged exposure .
Not exactly a gentle diversion , but unforgettable .
While this particular diagram worked , it was a relatively rare thing to come away from an electronics document and have everything function as claimed .
Educational .
paging_g.ame 4275
The Paging Game , by Jeff Berryman
Trying to explain this one to anyone who does n't know the concept of " memory paging " is a little bit of a losing battle .
Essentially , a machine with memory that pages will throw out unused parts of programs or files onto a disk drive , ready to bring it back if you really use it .
If you think MY explanation 's a little choppy , wait 'll you real THIS file .
A golden piece of work from 1981 .
peat.hum 532
The Peat Moss Incident
The best size - reaction ratio of the textfiles collection .
Surreal .
pezrambl.oct 20975
Mr. Pez 's Rambling About Textfiles and Leeching , by Mr. Pez ( March 13 , 1987 )
Mr. Pez was another Works regular , always there with a quick wit and a really snooty attitude .
Besides being on The Works , he also graced several other 914 boards and The Dark Side of the Moon ( 408 ) with his acidic attitude .
In this file , he decided to just turn on his word processor and talk about whatever for as long as he could .
To our advantage , the subject he chooses is Textfiles , which gives us insight into the type of world a teenager lived through in 1987 BBS terms .
Most amusingly to me , he recounts the time I sat there copying all my textfile collection onto his hard drive trying to convince me to have his guitar and some cash .
( The attempt was unsuccessful , and Donna married some other guy . )
A personal trip down memory lane , but relevant to get some insight into where my editorial bent is as well .
phrack.01.phk 29195
Phrack Magazine Volume One , Issue One , edited by Taran King ( November 17 , 1985 )
The Phreaking / Hacking magazine that changed everything .
While other electronic magazines existed before Phrack , none took the voice of the underground and presented itself as such a dominating , matter - of - fact entity as the Phracks have .
Through the years ,
Phrack has always been dependable as a solidly - written , interest - gathering , packed - with - talent compilation of hot topics going throughout the Hacker Underground as most people have come to understand it .
Electronic zines as a general force were usually created so that individual writers ' work would n't get lost in the wash of sites ; by hooking up with a dozen other articles , relatively monstrous 50k - 100 k files could stand out from the endless grouping of 2 k and 15 k files that others were putting out .
It worked .. very few people do n't remember Phrack in some fashion if they were involved in BBSes in the late 80's .
This brings us to the other example issue ...
phrack .29.phk 235777
Phrack Magazine 4th Anniversary Issue , Volume Three , Issue 29 ( November 17 , 1989 )
By the fourth year of publication , Phrack is an institution .
The issue opens with a profile of Emmanuel Goldstein , the enigmatic and steadfast editor of 2600 Magazine ( which has gone on to become a major institution itself ) and progressing into deeply technological discussions involving money transfer and Internet protocols .
By this time the Phrack World News , an overview of the social and legal scene around the culture had become a staple of the issues .
Unstoppable .
pokelist.app 19769
The Wizard 's Call , Peek and Poke list for the Apple ] [ ( May 1984 )
Part of the immense charm of the Apple II series of computers was how they would encourage their users to learn everything they could about the system , to reprogram , modify , hardwire , and otherwise mess with all aspects of the machines .
What this meant was that people were getting a knowledge of the Apples that could far outstrip almost all the other personal computers of the time .
Evidence of the depth of this knowledge shows in files like this one , where a good portion of the total memory locations have been mapped and all sorts of neat features make themselves known .
By the end run of the Apple II 's main life ( late 80's ) this machine could accomplish a breathtaking amount of tasks .
Geeky , but a lot of fun .
purity .
txt 58845
The Unisex , Omnisexual Purity Test v4.00 ( April 23 , 1988 )
One of the interesting things that arose out of the ARPAnet and Internet was the way that an unbelievable amount of energy could be focused on a single project , causing it to turn into a Wonder Of The World in a very short period of time .
In the case of this file , the goal became to determine a person 's " purity " by creating a list of questionable non-innocent acts that they could perform in life , and whatever percentage they had not yet done , was their purity .
Of course , after dozens of entries into this document , it 's become this complete other world , with every degrading , exciting , bizzare thing that someone could do with someone else ( or themselves , or a group of people , or food ) is listed .
There are actually divergent , unrelated versions of this idea up on this site , but I chose this file because it lists out a great pedigree that goes back to 1982 , and it 's particularly well - written .
Head - swimmingly sick .
real.pgmrs 23955
Real Programmers Do n't Use Pascal
One of the most interesting fads to hit the online world were the " Real " files .
Based loosely on the pop culture book " Real Men Don't Eat Quiche " , these files presented a framework where others could just list their idea of what a " real " hacker or golfer or restaurant or whatever .
It 's an addictive way to describe things , and this explains the dozens and dozens of " real " files that pervaded BBSes throughout the decade .
In the case of the " Real Programmers " file , the writing style of the author is particularly well - crafted ( although I can't really judge the accuracy of his assertions ) and it therefore has a very large distribution .
Geeky humor .
realpez.oct 16384
Real PEZ Devotees , by Mr. Pez
The Works BBS 's own Mr. Pez makes his own contribution to the " Real " files canon with this file about the followers of his BBS , " Pez Devotees " .
In the case of this file , the combination of his mention of all the different things he personally liked ( including clothes , bands , sports and writing style ) combined with his edging into nearly all aspects of a person 's life to provide guidelines to be one of his devotees , makes this one of my favorite files .
It should be noted that this file is a derivative of the original , the " Real Pirate 's Guide " , below .
realpira.hum 6529
The Real Pirate 's Guide by Rabid Rasta [ ?]
Seizing the opportunity to make a humor file based on the now - popular " Real Men Don't Eat Quiche " idea , Rabid Rasta made what is generally agreed upon to be the first of the BBS world 's " Real " files , files which explain what the difference between " Real " and " Fake " was .
In the case of his file , he puts down what makes a " Real " pirate , including assertions about computer and modem speed , writing style , and spelling .
With the exception of " The Real Programmer 's Guide " ( which shows up a little earlier than this file , although only on ARPAnet and not on the BBS / AE world ) , this file seems to have been the one that started it all .
The observations he makes are both humorous , and insightful into where the world was in 1984 if you were living your life through a modem .
revhack.omn 6266
Revenge of the Hackers , by Richard Sandza , Transcribed by The Reflex
The writer of " Night of the Hackers " for Newsweek revealed in this followup article that his life became quite a living hell for him after the original article was published .
His credit cards were hacked , phone calls came 24 hours a day , and , to a lesser relevance , he went on " tele - trial " .
Tele - trial appears to mean that he had a message base fill up with messages about him .
Either way , his article shows the kind of full - on attack that the hacker community was capable of pulling off at the time , completely unorganized and out for blood .
The Reflex , as always , does an impeccable transcription job .
revolt.dj 2358
Dick and Jane Instigate a Popular Revolution , by The Deth Vegetable and Iskra
Deth Vegetable and Iskra were both co-sysops of The Works way back when , before they both joined the Cult of the Dead Cow and moved on to greener pastures .
( Actually , Iskra then came back and became the SysOp of the most recent incarnations of the Works , so it 's all kind of circular in a way . )
In any event , they got their heads together in the early 1990's and wrote this file , a parody of the " Dick and Jane " books that my generation lightly heard of .
Short , sweet , and funny .
Oh , and political .
safeinfo.fun 2176
The Safehouse Blueprints , from the Safehouse BBS
The Safehouse BBS was one of the mid-80's " Super " BBSes that were pushing not only that they were the places to be , but that the technology and pure computing power at their disposal made them inherently irresistible .
Now , looking back over the years with a more solid technical knowledge , some of the claims in this BBS information file are questionable ( It 's a modular program ?
What does that matter ! )
But you can see an example of how technology presented its own inherent sexiness to the BBS user .
Wednesday , April 12 , 2006
Tax Freedom Day® will fall on April 26 in 2006 , according to the Tax Foundation ’s annual calculation using the latest government data on income and taxes .
The report compares the number of days Americans work to pay taxes to the number of days they work to support themselves .
Because of the rising tax payments that accompany economic growth , this year ’s Tax Freedom Day is three days later than it was in 2005 and 10 days later than it was in 2004 .
Tax Freedom Day® comes as late as May 12 and as early as April 11 , depending on the state :
State Tax Freedom Day 1 . Connecticut May 12 2 . New York May 9 3 . New Jersey May 6 4 . Washington May 4 5 . Minnesota May 3 6 . Massachusetts May 2 7 . Maine May 1 8 . Rhode island May 1 9 . California April 30 10 .
Illinois April 30 U.S. Average April 26 42 . Idaho April 16 43 .
Montana April 16 44 .
South Dakota April 16 45 .
New Mexico April 15 46 .
Tennessee April 14 47 .
Oklahoma April 14 48 . Mississippi April 13 49 .
Alaska April 12 50 .
Alabama April 11
For criticism of the Tax Foundation 's methodology , see here and here .
For the Tax Foundation 's defense , see here .
https://taxprof.typepad.com/taxprof_blog/2006/04/tax_freedom_day.html
( If you do n't care about Zope , you can probably skip this entire post . )
There was a small bit of controversy in the Zope community a while back when Nuxeo announced they were switching from Zope and Python to Java .
Nuxeo has been using Zope for a long time , and has been an active part of that community , so this was a fairly major defection .
Jean - Marc
Orliaguet wrote a critique of Zope which is notable because of how familiar he is with Zope from a technical view , and because as an active member of the community he is somewhat invested in the choices Zope has made .
It does n't read like a condemnation to me , just a critique , though I think some people felt otherwise .
( correction : I had previously said that Jean - Marc was associated with Nuxeo , which he is n't )
I do n't know Zope that well , though Plone is core to TOPP and so I 've been getting a lot more exposure to that environment .
I 've also been at least aware of many of the techniques they 're using , though not how those work in practice ( having not practiced them ) , so Jean - Marc 's critique was very interesting to me .
And it echos some of what I 've been thinking .
1 ) The importance of the IDE
This is a long - standing conflict , and I do n't have anything to add to it .
2 ) The importance of stable APIs
This is a tricky one .
Every project has to deal with this , and many projects deal with it poorly .
Part of Jean - Marc 's argument here is that Java makes it very clear what is public and what is not , and what is allowed for and what is not , and so at least it makes it very clear what should be stable and what does n't need to be stable .
I think this is a valid criticism .
But Zope 3 is actually really good here because of their use of interfaces .
They are pretty clear about what methods are required , what methods are public .
I wish Python had some better conventions around this in general ( mostly in terms of documentation ) , but interfaces are pretty decent .
I 'm not a fan of adaptation ( more about that later ) , but I 'd like to use interfaces more .
I use them here and there , but just in the abstract as documentation .
Unfortunately , documentation tools do n't understand my interfaces .
I do n't have a way to declare what interfaces something implements .
All sorts of other things .
I wish zope . interfaces was a bit lighter , though maybe it is light enough .
I actually want language - level support , so everyone could agree on the contentions and build tools around that .
That said , using Five I find the stream of deprecation warnings over the top .
3 ) The importance of standards Here Jean - Marc argues that there 's lots of code under the zope namespace that does n't belong there .
It 's not stable enough , or its APIs are n't stable enough , or its design or architecture is not widely enough applicable or agreed upon .
I personally do n't care much about namespaces .
Is zope . formlib any more " right " than zope_formlib ?
Is it any more hierarchical ?
I do n't think so .
I have one namespace package , but it 's kind of a historical accident .
I would n't ( and do n't ) put any more libraries under that namespace .
Each library should stand on its own , so why create these hierarchies ?
People read too much into those namespaces , which is happening right here .
As for standards , I agree this is important .
In some way adaptation ( uh , still more on that later ) is a way of sidestepping standards .
I think in general Python needs more standard building .
Maybe that 's true for Zope too , or maybe those standards should be inclusive of the wider Python world that includes Zope .
4 ) The Design Patterns
In the abstract , this is about patterns being unnecessarily built into the environment .
Relatedly : this post argues they should be in the language while this reaction says the opposite -- I actually agree with the first post , but in this case agree with Jean - Marc and the second post .
I guess I am inconsistent .
But what Jean - Marc actually talks about is specifically adapters and the Zope component architecture .
Adaptation is a useful pattern for dealing with API changes .
When you have two isomorphic but incompatible objects , adaptation works great .
This happens when there 's little API differences ( e.g. , mixedCase vs underscore_seperated ) .
It starts to become a bit of a stretch at other times .
And Zope 3 goes absolutely nuts with this , implementing all sorts of other patterns phrased as adaptation .
This is complex and powerful , but in the bad way .
From this , I 've seen one - off interfaces that define no methods ; interfaces that are just names ; adaptation that works on multiple objects ; adaptation that works on no object at all ( adapting the ether ) ; adaptation in place of attributes ... it takes a nice but small idea and just keeps using it and using it until it 's worn out and confused .
I could go into specifics , but it might not mean much to lots of you , and I 'd probably get the specifics wrong .
If it quacks like a duck it 's probably a duck .
Lots of uses of adaptation do n't quack ; I do n't know what they all are , but they are n't ducks .
5 ) The Component Architecture
This is kind about plugins .
A lot of the Zope component architecture is about plugins .
It 's fairly fine - grained ; moreso than I think it needs to be .
It 's declarative , but with too many declarations .
I think Setuptools ' entry points solve a number of similar goals , but in a simpler way .
There 's still some issues that are n't well solved in either system ( actually some of the exact same issues , like plugin activation ) , but I think Setuptools at least does n't solve those problems in a simpler way .
6 ) ZCML is not XML To correct Jean - Marc : ZCML is XML .
Maybe his real problem is that ZCML is fairly flat ( maybe a bit too much like rdf ) .
It 's neither a nice syntax ( it is after all XML ) , nor is it a compact XML language .
But the Zope people know about this problem already .
I do n't think they are entirely sure how to fix it ( maybe entry points will help ) , but I think everyone agrees it needs fixing .
I guess the larger issue is that it 's nice to declare things in Python code , but that only works if you import the Python code .
So if you have something like an adapter sitting in some code , the system wo n't know that an adapter could be available if only it imported that code .
An entry point version of this might be like : [ zope.interface.adapters ] package 1 = mypackage.adapter1 package 2 = mypackage.adapter2
( In this case package 1 does n't actually mean anything , though maybe some use for that name could be found )
7 ) The Presentation Layer Zope views are confusing to me .
I think I do n't like them .
I think this is probably my biggest issue with Zope 3 development .
Zope seems unwilling to commit to being a web application environment .
Everytime I see tutorials or descriptions about development in Zope 3 , it always seems to begin with the model .
" View " , from what I can tell , is both " View " and " Controller " ( when you are trying to be MVC about it ) , i.e. , the Python controller and the template view .
( This is just an explanation , I do n't care about the terminology . )
While I respect the distinction between view and model , what bothers me is that the view is an adaptation of the model .
I think design should start at the ends , not the means .
The model is just a " means " .
The " ends " is what the user sees -- the HTML , the template , the forms , the functionality .
That 's where application design should start .
Admittedly , an experienced programmer can bang out a quick model pretty easily , and will do so quite quickly regardless of what the underlying architecture dictates .
But I 'd rather see a sloppy model that is refined later than a rigid UI built magically by some framework .
I think Zope does a bit too much of the second .
Perhaps because a number of Zope developers do n't actually like HTML , and so want to avoid it through frameworks .
I think they just need to get over it .
last updated 2020.09.29 1606 UTC changelog
Who is n't fed up with the amount of spam and constant net abuse from Chinese net blocks ?
China is not only a major spam source , but also provides bullet proof web and DNS hosting to the vast majority of p0rn , pillz , and other seedy web sites referenced by the URL's in spam ( spamvertising ) .
They know this , but do not care as foreign $ $ are more important to them than your mail box is .
Ironic that a country which goes to great lengths to censor net p0rn from it's own people is by far the world leader in hosting such sites .
In addition to the greed factor , there seem to be far too many sysadmins in China who are lacking in even the most basic technical competence of securing a mail server from unauthorized relay or proxy abuse .
In most cases , you 're lucky if their abuse addresses even work ... much less get read or acted on .
I decided in April , 2002 that all email from China would no longer be accepted by any of my or my clients ' mail servers .
I started compiling lists of all net blocks assigned to China to achieve that end and have honed the listings to what I believe to be the most current , comprehensive , and accurate listings of their kind .
I continue to add to or change it on a near daily basis as new net bocks are assigned to either country .
Using the lists on this site will result in the complete blocking of all email transactions from any node in IP v4 net space assigned to China .
If you run a business that depends on mail from those countries , you should probably either not use this data or investigate whitelisting the specific Chinese mail servers you need to get email from .
note : although it might be tempting to blacklist an entire / 16 or larger when it seems as if China is using the entire net block , you stand the risk of blocking friendlies ( New Zealand , Australia , Japan , etc. ) in the process .
I 've taken great care to identify the starts and ends of all the listed blocks .
Here are the goods ! :
https://www.okean.com/thegoods.html
" When you see me perform an action -- such as picking up a baseball -- you automatically simulate the action in your own brain , " said Dr. Marco Iacoboni , a neuroscientist at the University of California , Los Angeles , who studies mirror neurons .
" Circuits in your brain , which we do not yet entirely understand , inhibit you from moving while you simulate , " he said .
" But you understand my action because you have in your brain a template for that action based on your own movements .
" When you see me pull my arm back , as if to throw the ball , you also have in your brain a copy of what I am doing and it helps you understand my goal .
Because of mirror neurons , you can read my intentions .
You know what I am going to do next . "
He continued : " And if you see me choke up , in emotional distress from striking out at home plate , mirror neurons in your brain simulate my distress .
You automatically have empathy for me .
You know how I feel because you literally feel what I am feeling . "
Mirror neurons seem to analyzed scenes and to read minds .
If you see someone reach toward a bookshelf and his hand is out of sight , you have little doubt that he is going to pick up a book because your mirror neurons tell you so .
In a study published in March 2005 in Public Library of Science , Dr. Iacoboni and his colleagues reported that mirror neurons could discern if another person who was picking up a cup of tea planned to drink from it or clear it from the table .
" Mirror neurons provide a powerful biological foundation for the evolution of culture , " said Patricia Greenfield , a psychologist at the U.C.L.A. who studies human development .
Until now , scholars have treated culture as fundamentally separate from biology , she said .
" But now we see that mirror neurons absorb culture directly , with each generation teaching the next by social sharing , imitation and observation . "
Other animals -- monkeys , probably apes and possibly elephants , dolphins and dogs -- have rudimentary mirror neurons , several mirror neuron experts said .
But humans , with their huge working memory , carry out far more sophisticated imitations .
Imagine this :
You go to a bookstore , browse , choose a couple of volumes .
But you do n’t want to carry the books around .
So you ask the clerk to hold the tomes until Saturday , when you ’ll come back to buy them .
When you return , the bookseller hands you the items but advises you that he ’s raised the prices .
“ I knew you were hot to buy them , ” the clerk says , “ so I figured I could make a few extra bucks . ”
That ’s what it feels like online bookseller Amazon.com Inc. has been doing to me .
On Nov. 6 , seeking to boost my dubious culinary skills , I decided to buy “ The Cast Iron Skillet Cookbook . ”
I went to Amazon and placed the book in my electronic shopping cart but got distracted and never finished the transaction .
Advertisement
The next day , I signed on to Amazon again .
A pop-up message informed me that the price had increased from $ 11.02 to $ 11.53 .
This seemed odd .
In physical stores , prices of books are usually fixed , immune to fluctuation by season or whim .
Indeed , they ’re one of the few consumer items that come with a printed price from the manufacturer .
Although the electronic world provides much greater latitude in pricing , as a longtime Amazon watcher I had never seen such an abrupt and unexplained price change .
The cookbook , published two years ago by a regional press named Sasquatch Books , is decidedly obscure .
Amazon ’s bestseller list gave it a ranking in the 18,000 neighborhood .
I checked with friends , who accessed their own Amazon accounts .
They determined that the price was now $ 11.53 for them too .
Was it conceivable that Amazon , seeing the only prospective customer in sight reaching for his wallet , decided to raise the price just a bit -- enough to help its bottom line but not enough to scare him off ?
Advertisement
I decided on a test .
I added a bunch of books , most of them newly published , most of them obscure , to my shopping baskets with both Amazon and its British affiliate , Amazon.co.uk .
On Dec. 15 , I checked my shopping baskets .
Nine of the U.S. books had increased in price ; three had decreased .
At the British branch , nine had increased and none had decreased .
The increases were modest -- often about 5 % , sometimes less .
But , as with “ The Cast Iron Skillet Cookbook , ” they were perplexing .
Why would the journals of novelist John Fowles , published two months ago to widespread apathy , increase by $ 1.05 ?
An Amazon spokesman said the company was n’t trying to make a few extra bucks off me during the holidays , but that it otherwise would n’t talk about its pricing strategies .
Advertisement
“ Prices change , ” spokesman Sean Sundwall said .
“ Prices go up , prices go down . ”
Sucharita Mulpuru , an e-commerce analyst at Forrester Research Inc. , wondered whether Amazon was going down the path of dynamic pricing .
Dynamic pricing involves selling identical material for different amounts based on the customer ’s willingness to pay .
In the physical world it ’s a common feature .
Want to fly to Paris tomorrow ?
It ’s going to cost lots more than if you can wait a few weeks .
But there ’s also the risk of alienating customers .
In 1999 , Coca - Cola Co. was reported to be testing a vending machine that would charge more for its soft drinks in hot weather than in mild .
Advertisement
“ It ’s fair that it should be more expensive , ” then - Chairman Douglas Ivester said .
What seemed fair to him seemed like price gouging to others .
Coke promptly denied it was considering such a plan .
In 2000 , Amazon was found to be charging people different prices for the same DVD .
Amazon said it was doing this randomly , but there was another outcry and the company apologized .
Robert M. Weiss , a Chicago lawyer who has co-written an academic study of dynamic pricing , said that letting prices fluctuate almost as if books were stocks had obvious advantages for Amazon ’s inventory control and profit margins .
But its customers might feel manipulated .
Advertisement
“ It might seem fairer if the consumer also had the ability to negotiate , ” Weiss said .
A week before Christmas , when I signed on to Amazon again , I was informed of another round of price changes for the books in my basket .
The price of “ The Jack Vance Treasury , ” a book that wo n’t be available until late January , was lowered by 38 cents .
But if I was going to stuff a stocking with the “ Complete Poetry of Cesar Vallejo , ” it was going to cost me $ 2.50 more .
Amazon spokesman Sundwall noted that the company disclosed the price changes .
“ We ’re not trying to hide anything , ” he said .
Advertisement
But this notice comes via a temporary message at the top of the shopping basket .
Click your mouse once , and it disappears for good .
The price change for “ Gonzo , ” a deluxe memorial to iconoclastic rebel Hunter S. Thompson issued by L.A. 's Ammo Books , was too big for anyone to miss .
On Dec. 26 , Amazon raised it from $ 225 to $ 300 .
Steve Crist , the publisher , said he did n’t know exactly what the bookseller was doing , but made it clear that none of the $ 75 increase was due to him .
“ As Amazon ’s stock of ‘ Gonzo ’ dwindles , I imagine it sees an opportunity to achieve a higher profit on its remaining copies , ” Crist said .
Advertisement
*
david.streitfeld@latimes.com
Perspective , thoughts , and musings .
A new , fresh look at all different issues and topics .
A global view of world politics ; a current and historical look at social theory .
Intelligent conversation is welcome .
BOSTON -- Answering one of the oldest questions in human physiology , researchers at Dana - Farber Cancer Institute have discovered why the body 's immune system - perpetually on guard against foreign microbes like bacteria - does n't attack tissues in the small intestine that harbor millions of bacteria cells .
In a study in the February issue of Nature Immunology , and which is currently available on the journal 's Web site as an advanced online publication , investigators led by Shannon Turley , PhD , of Dana - Farber identify an unlikely group of peacemakers : lymph node cells that instruct key immune system cells to leave healthy tissue alone .
The finding , which illuminates a previously unknown corner of the human immune system , may lead to new forms of treatment for autoimmune diseases such as Type 1 diabetes and multiple sclerosis .
" We 've discovered that cells not generally thought of as part of the immune system actually play an important role in protecting the intestine from immune system attack , " says Turley .
" Because the cells are found in lymph nodes throughout the body , they may offer a way of suppressing a variety of autoimmune diseases , " which result from immune system assault on healthy tissue .
The immune system distinguishes between normal and foreign agents by small proteins , called antigens , on the cell surface .
In parts of the body , such as the pancreas , that are sheltered from the outside environment , cells known as dendritic cells display the antigens of their normal neighbors in a way that puts the immune system " at ease . "
By reading those antigens without being on alert , the immune system 's T cells learn that such cells are off - limits to attack .
For years , scientists have wondered whether the same mechanism is at work in tissues that come in regular contact with bacteria and other microbial organisms .
The small intestine , for example , which absorbs essential nutrients from food and drink and protects the body from invasive microbes , is literally teeming with bacteria , which help break down waste .
The presence of so many bacteria is a potential trigger for an immune system response .
Why do T cells almost always ignore the small intestine , leaving this vital tissue unharmed ?
" It 's obvious that T cells must be able to ignore - or become ' tolerized ' to - normal intestinal tissue , " states Turley , who is also an assistant professor of pathology at Harvard Medical School .
" But it has been unclear how dendritic cells , which are extremely sensitive to microbial agents such as bacteria , teach T cells to resist attacking healthy intestinal cells . "
In the new study , Turley and her colleagues found that , in fact , dendritic cells are n't essential in creating tolerance in T cells .
Instead , and unexpectedly , tolerance is produced by stromal cells from nearby lymph nodes .
Although they are n't classified as " professional antigen - presenters , " as dendritic cells are , the stromal cells serve the same purpose : exhibiting normal - cell antigens to the immune system .
" Our study points to a previously unknown mechanism of immune system tolerance , " Turley explains .
" When you think of the conditions in the small intestine , with so many millions of bacteria cells and so much opportunity for dendritic cells to stimulate an immune attack , it 's remarkable that intestinal tissue is so rarely the target of an immune attack .
Our findings demonstrate that the immune system has features that remain to be discovered . "
###
The study was funded by the Claudia Adams Barr Program for Innovative Cancer Research at Dana - Farber , the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive Kidney Diseases , and the Institut de la Recherche Agronomique .
The lead author of the study is Je-Wook Lee , PhD , of Dana - Farber .
Co-authors are Mathieu Epardaud , PhD , Jing Sun , MD , PhD , Jessica Becker , Alexander Cheng , and Ai-ris Yonekura , of Dana - Farber , and Joan Heath , PhD , of the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research , Victoria , Australia .
Dana - Farber Cancer Institute ( www.dana-farber.org) is a principal teaching affiliate of the Harvard Medical School and is among the leading cancer research and care centers in the United States .
It is a founding member of the Dana - Farber / Harvard Cancer Center ( DF / HCC ) , designated a comprehensive cancer center by the National Cancer Institute .
The game , slated for release by October 2006 in advance of the Christmas shopping rush , has been previewed at video game exhibitions , and reviewed by major newspapers and magazines .
But until now , no fan or critic has pointed out the controversial game 's connection to Mr. Warren or his dominionist agenda .
Time magazine has described Mr. Warren as one of the nation 's most influential Evangelical Christian leaders .
He describes himself as a " stealth evangelist " and describes his training programs as " a stealth movement , that 's flying beneath the radar , that 's changing literally hundreds , even thousands of churches around the world . "
He claims that he has sold tens of millions of copies of The Purpose Driven Life by developing a worldwide network of pastors .
The international director of Mr. Warren 's Purpose Driven Church , Mark Carver , is a former investment banker who serves on the Advisory Board of the corporation created in October 2001 to develop and market this game .
The creators plan to market their game using the same network marketing techniques that Mr. Warren used to turn The Purpose Driven Life into a commercial success .
For example , they plan to distribute their merchandise through pastoral networks , especially mega-churches .
This game immerses children in present - day New York City -- 500 square blocks , stretching from Wall Street to Chinatown , Greenwich Village , the United Nations headquarters , and Harlem .
The game rewards children for how effectively they role play the killing of those who resist becoming a born again Christian .
The game also offers players the opportunity to switch sides and fight for the army of the AntiChrist , releasing cloven - hoofed demons who feast on conservative Christians and their panicked proselytes ( who taste a lot like Christian ) .
Is this paramilitary mission simulator for children anything other than prejudice and bigotry using religion as an organizing tool to get people in a violent frame of mind ?
The dialogue includes people saying , " Praise the Lord , " as they blow infidels away .
The designers intend this game to become the first dominionist warrior game to break through in the popular culture due to its violent scenarios and realistic graphics , lighting , and sound effects .
Its creators expect it to earn a rating of T for Teen .
How violent is that ?
That 's the rating shared by Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell - Chaos
Theory , a top selling game in which high - tech gadgets and high - powered weapons - frag grenades , shotguns , assault rifles , and submachine guns -- are used to terminate enemies with extreme prejudice .
[ Nota bene :
While some versions of Splinter Cell : Chaos Theory have been rated M for Mature , Amazon.com offers a version rated T for Teen , which invites players to " Go into battle with futuristic weapons and high - tech gadgets used by real - life spies , " and " Strike without mercy . " -- JH ]
Could such a violent , dominionist Christian video game really break through to the popular culture ?
Well , it is based on a series of books that have already set sales records - the blockbuster Left Behind series of 14 novels by writer Jerry B. Jenkins and his visionary collaborator , retired Southern Baptist minister Tim LaHaye .
" We hope teenagers like the game , " Mr. LaHaye told the Los Angeles Times .
" Our real goal is to have no one left behind . "
The game , Left Behind : Eternal Forces , is based on scenes from the first four novels in the series .
The game was developed by a publicly - traded company called Left Behind Games , according to SEC records .
The developers obtained the license from Tyndale House , the Christian publisher of Left Behind .
Tyndale also publishes Bringing Up Boys and The Complete Marriage and Family Home Reference Guide by Focus on the Family founder James Dobson , PhD. Mr. Dobson has advised parents to monitor the amount of time children spend playing video games and " avoid the violent ones altogether . "
But he has not yet stated his views on whether there should be an exception for video games that role play gunplay in the name of Christ , or of the AntiChrist .
Tyndale 's licensing of the project infuriated one of its authors , Jack Thompson , a conservative Christian attorney and outspoken critic of video game violence , who told the Los Angeles Times that he severed ties with his publisher in a dispute over " Left Behind : Eternal Forces . "
" It 's absurd , " said the video critic .
" You can be the Christians blowing away the infidels , and if that does n't hit your hot button , you can be the Antichrist blowing away all the Christians . "
The firm 's CEO is relying on network marketing through pastoral networks as a key part of his business plan , according to a report in the March 6 , 2006 , issue of Newsweek Magazine :
Left Behind Games CEO
Troy Lyndon , whose company went public in February , says the game 's Christian themes will grab the audience that did n't mind gore in " The Passion of the Christ . "
" We 've thought through how the Christian right and the liberal left will slam us , " says Lyndon .
" But megachurches are very likely to embrace this game . "
Though it will be marketed directly to congregations , Forces will also have a secular ad campaign in gaming magazines .
As part of its marketing pitch , Left Behind Games hypes the realism with which it portrays the neighborhoods of New York City .
There is , for the most part , a remarkable verisimilitude except for one detail - all of the ambulances have 911 painted on their roofs .
In the reality - based world , most ambulances have a red cross on top .
Yet the game designers make prominent use of these 911 ambulances to evoke the tragic events of September 11 , 2001 .
The historical context of 911 is invoked as if to say , We are living in the End Times , and Muslims are among the kinds of infidels whom you should fear , whom you should be prepared to kill for your cause .
For game enthusiasts , there is also a multi- player mode , in which you can go online and battle to take territory from other players .
If you happen to blow away a neutral party - and collateral damage is inevitable in the End of Days - then you will lose " Spirit Points " .
But you can power back up with merely a brief timeout for prayer , or by converting one of New York 's terror - stricken citizens .
In this way , the game resembles a send - up of Christian - themed video games by " The Simpsons . "
" Billy Graham 's Bible Blaster , " is a first - person shooter game in which you fire Bibles at club - carrying heathens to convert them into card - carrying Republicans .
( Hint : after you finish reading this blog piece - and eating all your vegetables -- visit the Simpson 's official web site and open file drawer F - H , then click on the character of Evangelical Christian kid Rod Flanders to play the game . )
Time has dubbed Mr. Warren " America 's minister . "
But Mr. Warren says that his agenda stretches far beyond America , and far beyond traditional ministry .
He sees himself as the CEO of a global marketing enterprise , and as the Commander in Chief of a stealth army of one billion Christian foot soldiers .
On the 25th Anniversary of his Saddleback Church on April 17 , 2005 , Mr. Warren filled the Angels baseball stadium in Anaheim , California , with tens of thousands of his flock .
Mr. Warren signaled his belief that we are now approaching the End of Days by opening with a rock band , which played the Jimi Hendrix drug anthem Purple Haze .
As the band jammed , Mr. Warren sang the lyrics :
Purple haze all in my eyes
Do n't know if it 's day or night
You got me blowin ' , blowin ' my mind
Is it tomorrow , or just the end of time ?
The Director of the Peace Corps , Gaddi Vasquez , read a message of support from President George W. Bush .
Then Mr. Warren called on his flock to support a $ 40 million capital campaign to expand missionary training facilities at Saddleback 's 120 - acre campus in Lake Forest , California .
He pledged participants to achieve a purpose - driven ministry overseas .
His dominionist theology is apparent in this ministry .
A key aspect of dominionist thought is a conviction that the Scripture gives the church a mandate to take dominion over this world socially and culturally before the return of Jesus Christ .
Mr. Warren 's global plan is a strategy to realize a dominionist vision of churches , states , and corporations forming partnerships to bring about a new world order to make way for Christ 's return by establishing a literal , physical kingdom of God on earth .
In order to build this earthly kingdom , Mr. Warren plans marketplace ministries - business ventures with a veneer of missionary compassion that slip into a country in order to transform it systematically through the governmental , corporate , and social sectors .
And that is why Mr. Warren calls himself a " stealth evangelist " - because he wishes to cloak his dominionist agenda , which is the establishment of an earthly kingdom that reflects his skewed vision of Christianity .
According to Mr. Warren , the establishment of this earthly kingdom requires " foot soldiers . "
As part of his plan , Mr. Warren said he would encourage laypeople to " adopt " needy villages overseas in order to plant churches , expand business opportunities , educate children , influence governments , and overthrow corrupt political leaders , whom he described as " little Saddams . "
Mr. Warren said his purpose is to enlist " one billion foot soldiers for the Kingdom of God " in the developing world .
And the stadium crowd roared its approval .
Celebrants included Paul Kagame , the president of Rwanda , a tiny east African country that lost hundreds of thousands of people when it suffered genocide in 1994 .
Catholic and Protestant clergy have been convicted in connection with that genocide .
Yet Mr. Kagame announced that he would allow Mr. Warren to turn his country into the first purpose driven nation .
The following month , 16 Rwandan religious leaders arrived in Orange County to begin religious training at Saddleback Church .
Mr. Warren has said that his global initiative was developed " underground " and in " stealth " .
Presumably , this was done with the assistance of Mr. Carver , who directs the Purpose Driven Church in all its activities outside North America .
Yet through an unexpected turn of events in Georgia , the spotlight was turned on Mr. Warren 's stealthy strategy in March 2005 , when Ashley Smith read a passage from The Purpose Driven Life to the Atlanta courthouse killing suspect , Brian Nichols .
Shortly thereafter , Mr. Nichols freed his hostage and surrendered to police .
The entire world suddenly wanted to hear from Mr. Warren , who was busy planting the seeds of a Christian theocracy with his " foot soldiers " in Rwanda .
On March 22 , 2005 , CNN's Larry King interviewed Mr. Warren about the Atlanta courthouse shooting and hostage taking .
A caller asked , " Can you explain the sudden thirst or craving that people seem to have for religion ?
Mr. Warren replied :
" [ T ] here are really two stories going on in our culture right now .
There is the story of things are getting more worse [ sic ] in some ways .
We 're seeing the increase in violence .
We 're seeing terrorism .
We 've seen these recent shootings .
We 're seeing the coarsening of our society , that has disgusted a lot of people .
And there is people [ sic ] -- some people are more materialistic than ever .
But at the same time , there 's another story going on in America , that I think is a spiritual awakening that is brewing .
And that is a desire and hunger to know God .
I do n't always think it 's always a desire and hunger for church .
But there is a desire and hunger to know God .
So according to Mr. Warren , the worst of American culture is reflected in examples of violence , terrorism , shootings , and the coarsening of our society , that turn people away in disgust .
And in addition , " some people are more materialistic than ever . "
If violence , coarseness , and materialism are serious social problems , then what purpose is served by exploiting a global pastoral network to mass market a game about mass killing , whether in the name of Christ or the AntiChrist ?
On the one hand , this video game is anti-American , because it endorses roving death squads engaged in faith - based violence without any regard for Constitutional law .
On the other hand , the video game is anti-Christian , because it argues that the Kingdom of God can be advanced by using the methods and tools of the kingdoms of this world , namely guns and bombs .
The Scriptures say , " Train up a child in the way he should go : and when he is old , he will not depart from it . "
( Proverbs 22:6 ) The Scriptures do not say , " Train up a child in the way he should blow away the people of God as well as infidels : and when he is old enough , he will go out and do some killing . "
As Jesus said , " My kingdom is not of this world .
If my kingdom were of this world , then my servants would fight that I might not be handed over to the Jews .
But as it is , my kingdom is not from here " ( Gospel According to John 18:36 ) .
As Paul said , " Though we walk in flesh , we do not make war in accordance with the flesh , for the weapons of our warfare are not fleshly . "
( 2 Corinthians 10:3 - 4a ) .
The dominionist Christians pushing this violent video game are modeling neither Christian charity nor patriotism .
Both Christians and patriots should oppose them .
UPDATE
Endorsement by Association
What is going on here is an old fashioned business idea of endorsement by association , in which a corporation gains the implied endorsement of a product by being able to invoke the name brand of a prominent person or celebrity .
In this case , this is an alliance of business and ministerial interests invoking the name brand of the Mr. Warren 's Purpose Driven Church .
Mr. Warren does not have to explicitly endorse or be involved in the product in order to be held accountable for allowing his name brand to be used in the selling of this antisocial product .
Some people have commented that the link between Mr. Warren 's purpose driven empire and this product is casual .
Let 's be clear : Mark Carver is Executive Director of the Purpose Driven Church , and therefore works directly for Mr. Warren in one of the most senior roles in his empire .
It would seem unlikely that Mr. Warren , who plans an international stealth evangelism campaign that already includes the president of Rwanda , is unaware of this project , the biggest Christian video game in history .
Mr. Carver 's role on the Advisory Board of Left Behind Games , the corporation created in October 2001 specifically to develop and market this violent video game , is an association clearly more active than a casual .
People are involved on this Advisory Board because of their expertise , and their connections to markets -- in this case , Mr. Warren's .
On its corporate web site -- part of its merchandising pitch -- Left Behind Games touts its association with Mr. Carver , and makes clear his prominent role in Mr. Warren 's Purpose Driven Church .
In other words , Left Behind Games is invoking its association with Mr. Warren 's Purpose Driven Church as part of its product marketing strategy .
Do we think that Mr. Warren would allow his name brand and reputation to be casually invoked in a major business venture that involves one of the largest publishers in the Christian marketplace , who published the Left Behind novels , one of the best selling fiction series of all time ?
Does anyone think that Left Behind Games invoked the name brand of Mr. Warren 's Purpose Driven Church without his permission ?
Since this possibility is farfetched , what we are looking at here is a business / marketing alliance between several evangelical business and ministerial entrepreneurs for whom the Great Commission also means great profits .
Left Behind Games plans to market directly to pastoral networks and mega-churches , using the same network marketing strategies that turned Mr. Warren 's book The Purpose Driven Life into a best seller .
Mr. Carver has a lot of expertise and connections in this area .
Will Mr. Warren 's mega - church be offering this game for sale to its members ?
Will Mr. Warren 's global pastoral network be used to distribute the game ?
On the other hand , if Mr. Warren is unaware and uninvolved , do we think he will fire Mr. Carver for marketing a product that helps children practice killing New Yorkers ?
The Purpose Driven Life Takers ( Part 1 )
Violent Video Marketed Through Mega - Churches ( Part 2 )
Mega -Church Exec Resigns as Adviser to Video Game ( Part 3 )
BARNET , Vt. --
In this decidedly New England village , where the Congregational Church spire towers over all else , karma bubbles all around .
Seekers of enlightenment have settled here , in the river valleys and the town center , bringing talk of dharma and the toll of gongs to the Green Mountain State .
( Full article : 1162 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Pocoo
Pocoo was a loosely assembled team of Open Source developers working on some very popular Python projects .
Out of this came the Pygments syntax highlighter , the Sphinx documentation system , the Flask web framework , the Jinja templating engine , the Werkzeug WSGI library , the Click command line toolkit and much more .
It was led by Armin Ronacher and Georg Brandl .
As projects get more mature more structure is needed .
This means that the Pocoo projects now have new places and teams that take care of them :
The Pallets Projects is the new home and team for Flask , Werkzeug , ItsDangerous , Jinja , MarkupSafe , Werkzeug and Click .
sphinx - doc.org is the new home of the Sphinx documentation tool .
pygments.org is the new home of the pygments project .
Armin's blog stays at lucumr.pocoo.org .
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Foreign species can hitch a ride on planes and ships ( Image : Noaa )
Despite Antarctica's inhospitable environment , non-native species introduced by tourists , scientists and explorers are gaining a foothold .
Species can hitch a ride on ships and planes carrying visitors and supplies .
A paper on the matter tabled at the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting in Edinburgh met with " good agreement " .
It costs thousands and sometimes millions of dollars to try and get rid of something ... prevention is better than a cure
Neil Gilbert , Antarctica NZ
Male and female North Atlantic spider crabs ( Hyas araneus ) have been found in waters off the Antarctic Peninsula .
Neil Gilbert says the species could not have migrated such a great distance by its own accord .
In addition , a cosmopolitan species of grass , Poa annua , is surviving on King George Island , north of the Antarctic Peninsula .
According to Dr Gilbert , two principal factors are facilitating colonisation of Antarctic habitats by foreign species : the increased numbers of people travelling to the continent and climate change .
Visitor growth
" There are more and more people going to Antarctica and we know that people and ships and planes carry plant seeds and other non-native species , " Dr Gilbert explained .
" The Antarctic Peninsula region is warming more quickly than anywhere else on the planet .
Those species capable of surviving in polar climates are more likely to survive in a less harsh climate . "
Spider crabs have arrived in Antarctic waters ( Image : Noaa )
Dr Gilbert said : " I think we can say with some confidence that the [ treaty ] meeting has recognised this as a really important issue , that there is a need for research .
" We do n't know much about what species are in the marine environment around Antarctica .
We 've got to get a better handle on what is there , so that we know what is native and non-native .
" Secondly , we need to know what are the vectors by which all this material is being brought in . "
Code of conduct
Those behind the motion presented at the meeting are to work on developing a code of conduct related to the introduction of foreign species - a set of minimum standards to which Antarctic visitors should abide .
The Antarctic Peninsula has seen rapid warming ( Image : Noaa )
" It 's a challenging question .
In some cases , management - trying to contain them - may be the best option .
The chances are that the North Atlantic spider crab is already established , " Dr Gilbert said .
" It costs thousands and sometimes millions of dollars to try to get rid of something .
One of the things we have been pressing at this meeting is that prevention is better than a cure . "
Dr Gilbert said proposals would also need to cover the transfer of species between isolated - and often fragile - ecosystems within Antarctica .
The Antarctic Treaty 's Committee for Environmental Protection has agreed to make the issue of invasive species a standing item on its agenda and to consider management options at its next meeting , which will be held in India in April 2007 .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
National Review
Ok , let ’s all say it together , shall we ?
Diplomacy does n’t work with terrorists .
Terrorists only understand fear .
They do n’t fear us yet because we have not punished them enough .
more
Thank goodness Brent Scowcroft is no longer influencing U.S. foreign policy .
He helped bring the Middle East to its current point , and should be dismissed as another failed diplomat .
Scowcroft , James Baker , Warren Christopher , Madeleine Albright , Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton — all failures ... which means the Big Media will continue to seek out their views .
Q : If you 're a kid and you 've had enough of the school bullies pants - ing you in the cafeteria , what 's one of the smartest things you can do ?
A : Punch one of them in the nose as hard as you can and then stand your ground .
UPDATE
In two short posts at , warmonger Mark Levin captures the essence of neoconservatism .
First is his response to the news that Iran has rejected the proposal for an agreement whereby it would cease uranium enrichment :
All of the bad countries in the Middle East ( and elsewhere ) are " terrorists " and we must treat them as such .
Only weaklings and appeasers would try to negotiate with or contain " terrorists . "
The only thing one can do with " terrorists " is kill them all so that we can rule the world ( or at least the Middle East ) by fear .
That 's why incidents like the killing of 50 Lebanese civilians in Qana is something to be cheered , rather than either condemned as deliberate or reckless , or at least lamented as a tragic accident .
To neoconservatives like Levin , we needof these incidents , because it shows the " terrorists " that there are consequences -- bad , ugly , scary , brutal consequences -- for confronting us .
That really is the essence of neoconservativsm .
It 's nothing more noble or complex than a base belief that we have to wage as many wars as possible and kill as many people as possible until people are sufficiently fearful of the U.S. that they will comply with our mandates .
It is psychopathic and deranged , and the fact that it is typically cheered on by the likes of Mark Levin -- people who plainly lack feelings of physical power themselves -- is not insignificant .
The contrived chest - beating and transparent desire to feel like a feared warrior , with none of the risk , is manifest , and it is what has shaped our foreign policy for the last five years and , by all appearances , continues to do so Levin 's second post spews contempt at this Op - Ed by Bush 41 National Security Advisor Brent Scowcroft .
Scowcroft commits the grave neoconservative sin of advocating the ultimate evil -- a peace plan for the Middle East .
Levin 's response demonstrates just how radical neoconservatives are : To neconservatives , everything that made the U.S. a respected superpower over the last six decades is all obsolete and worthless .
To them , foreign policy experts from both political parties are responsible for 9/11 and the rise of Islamic extremism because they believe too much in diplomacy and restraint .
They did n't wage enough wars and the wars they did wage were n't ferocious enough .
There were n't enough Qanas , and as a result , we are n't sufficiently feared .
People around the world need to know that they either comply with our instructins or fire and brimstone will rain upon their heads .
I still consider Jonah Goldberg 's explanation for why he favored the invasion of Iraq to be the Gold Standard for illustrating the impulses which lay at the heart of the neoconservative syndrome :
That is why we hear that the " people who are fighting this war " include Michael Ledeen Cliff May , and Mark Steyn .
It 's why we hear someone like Jonah Goldberg -- who still has to move his nepotistic umbilical cord so that it does n't get in the way when he types -- warn us in his best tough - guy , no - nonsense voice that we are becoming " A Nation of Wimps " because " Parents are going to ludicrous lengths to take the bumps out of life for their children . "
This is all about a personal craving for feelings of power and superior strength , to be fulfilled through endless war waged on those who have not been placed in sufficient fear of our warrior greatness .
All of this is why George Will recently called neoconservatism a " spectacularly misnamed radicalism . "
It is opposed to every guiding principle of American foreign policy under both political parties , and seeks to transform the U.S. into a rogue state which operates with no moral limits or ethical constraints , and for which unrestrained war is always the preferred option .
All failures can be and are explained away by the fact that we just have n't killed enough people yet .
It is homicidal madness , real derangement , masquerading as some sort of serious philosophy , and it is a true indictment of our political life that its advocates are taken seriously at all , let alone often listened to at the highest levels of our government . : Mr. Montalban at Sadly ,
No uses the Mark Steyn column referenced above to explore some of the ideological antecedents , as it were , to neoconservatism , which have devolved into nothing more complex than this : " ( Steyn's ) main point is crystallized around the reference to John Podhoretz ’s recent whine that the West may lack the stones to do what it really needs to do : commit genocide on the filthy wogs . "
As noted in the post below , John Hinderaker offered us this weekend the only - slightly - more - dignified corporate lawyer version of this homicidal theme .
It is the sentiment that has been darkly lurking in our foreign policy for some time , and which -- mobilized by the excitement over the " Great Opportunity " in the Middle East -- is now parading itself around for all to see .
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Artist 's impression : 2003 EL61 is a strange object
2003 EL61 is a large , dense , rugby - ball - shaped hunk of rock with a fast rotation rate .
Professor Mike Brown has calculated that the object could be due a close encounter with the planet Neptune .
If so , Neptune 's gravity could catapult it into the inner Solar System as a short - period comet .
" If you came back in two million years , EL61 could well be a comet , " said Professor Brown , from the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) in Pasadena .
" When it becomes a comet , it will be the brightest we will ever see . "
Cosmic oddball
2003 EL61 is a large object ; it is as big as Pluto along its longest dimension .
It is one of the largest of a swarm of icy objects that inhabit a region of the outer Solar System known as the Kuiper Belt .
But it is extremely unusual : spinning on its axis every four hours , it has developed an elongated shape .
2003 EL61 is apparently composed of rock with just a thin veneer of water - ice covering its surface .
Other Kuiper Belt Objects ( KBOs ) contain much more water - ice .
Professor Brown 's computer simulations show that the object is on a very unstable orbit and set for a close encounter with Neptune .
The eighth planet 's gravitational force could either sling the icy rock ball into the inner Solar System as a comet , out into the distant Oort Cloud region , or even into interstellar space .
Orbits of Kuiper Belt Objects tend to be very stable , but the region is thought to be a reservoir for short - period comets .
Occasionally , some of these objects must get tossed inward to become the fizzing lumps of ice and dust that criss - cross our cosmic neighbourhood .
Shedding surface
Mike Brown and his colleagues have come up with a scenario to explain 2003 EL61's physical characteristics and behaviour .
About 4.5 billion years ago , the object that became 2003 EL61 was a ball , half composed of ice and half of rock - like Pluto - and about the same size as Pluto .
Some time early in its history , it was smacked , edge on , by another large KBO .
This broke off much of 2003 EL61's icy mantle , which coalesced to form several satellites .
As expected , the satellites seem to be composed of very pure water - ice .
Professor Brown suggested that some of 2003 EL61's mantle may already have made it into the inner Solar System as cometary material .
The oblique impact also caused 2003 EL61 to spin rapidly .
This rapid rotation elongated 2003 EL61 into the rugby ball shape we see today .
" It 's a bit like the story of Mercury , " Professor Brown explained .
" Mercury got hit by a large object early in the Solar System .
It left mostly a big iron core , with a little bit of rock on the outside .
This is mostly a rock core with a little bit of ice on the outside . "
Mike Brown outlined details of his work during a plenary lecture at the recent American Astronomical Society meeting in Seattle .
As a rite of passage , every software management author has to give their take on the hiring process ( Joel ’s , Erik’s , Paul’s ) .
This is mine .
In an ideal world you would take as long as you want to fill a position .
This would allow you to be very picky about who you interview and even pickier about who you hire .
I ’m a staunch supporter of this approach and tend to be a pretty harsh interviewer as a result ; at times interviewing 30 or 40 candidates before giving someone the nod .
But sometimes you do n’t have the luxury of spending four or five months to fill a position .
There may come a time in the life of your company when you ’re faced with more job openings than you have developers , and you need to hire people in a hurry .
Hiring Fast
The best example of this is a venture funded start - up .
Start - ups backed with venture capital are on strict deadlines to reach financial goals or risk having their funding eliminated .
As a result they consume new hires with an insatiable hunger , and more than once I ’ve seen situations where the development team needs to grow two or three times its size in the span of a few months .
If you ’re a manager in this situation you ’re forced to leave conventional wisdom behind and enter a mode of hiring fast rather than hiring perfection .
Take this not - so hypothetical situation : your current team of 6 developers needs to be at 22 people in 4 months .
You have 16 open positions , more than 2.5 times the number of developers on staff , and you need developers who can hit the ground running .
I think I just heard someone scream .
We could argue all day about the drawbacks to growing a team this quickly , but assume that you ’ve been told to hire 16 developers or find yourself a new job ( hire or be hired , in other words ) .
Think about it in these terms : any start - up attempting to dominate a rapidly - growing market must take this approach or be consumed by competitors who will .
So the question is : how can we modify the strategies of conventional hiring without throwing them out entirely ?
Hiring fast consists of the following steps :
Write the Shortest Job Description Ever Skim Resumes Like Crazy Use the Numbers Hold Phone Interviews Finish In - Person
1. Write the Shortest Job Description Ever
Do n’t kid yourself , job hunters do n’t read long job descriptions .
They read bullet points , skip to the required skills section and submit their resume .
The shorter your description is , the higher the likelihood you ’ve adhered to the single most important tenet of good writing : brevity .
A long job description usually means the person writing it does n’t really know what the candidate will be doing once she ’s hired ( what I call the kitchen - sink approach ) .
Aside from the Pope , there ’s not a job on earth that requires a three page description .
If your description is longer than half a page ( three quarters if you use a lot of bullets ) , revise it .
2. Skim Resumes Like Crazy
Hiring is about playing the numbers ; as a manager you ’re trying to maximize the chance that the person is going to fit .
Since we do n’t have time to meet every candidate in person we rely on other means such as resumes and phone interviews to give us a picture of a candidate ’s abilities .
A resume can get you about 20 % of the way , with phone and in - person interviews taking you to 80 % ( the highest you can get without actually working with someone ) .
Most managers take resumes too seriously .
If you ’re spending 15 or 20 minutes reviewing a resume you ’re better off spending the time on a phone interview .
You can tell a lot more from a conversation than you can from a piece of paper .
Your sole task when reviewing their resume is to decide if the candidate is worth talking to on the phone .
You must become fast at skimming resumes ; you should be able to evaluate one in 3 - 5 minutes .
3. Use the Numbers
In his book , Winning , Jack Welch , former CEO of GE , introduced a concept called Differentiation that consists of rating each employee as an A , B , or C according to performance .
Intel uses a similar approach .
The intent of these scales is to create a common , familiar method of ranking employees .
The exact scale is not important ; using a consistent metric everyone can understand is the key .
In my experience a 10 - point scale works best .
My dad has worked in the construction industry since people built skyscrapers out of dirt , and he learned early on how to evaluate electricians .
His method is something I call the Rule of Thirds : on a 10 - point scale you make money with your 7s , 8s , and 9s , break even with your 4s , 5s , and 6s , and lose money with your 1s , 2s , and 3s .
There are no 10s in that list since no one is perfect ; the highest possible rating is a 9 +.
In every job search there are hires , maybes , and no-hires .
Using the Rule of Thirds , 7 - 9 is a hire , 4 - 6 is a maybe , and 1 - 3 is a no-hire .
The only difference between hiring slow and hiring fast is what you do with the maybes ; when hiring slow the maybes become nos , when hiring fast you let the maybes proceed to the next round of evaluation .
If you ’re at the last round ( the in - person interview ) , you should never hire anything less than a 5 .
In general , a developer with killer technical ability but so - so people skills is a 7 .
A developer with fabulous people skills and so - so technical skills is a 6 .
Someone with the complete package can range from an 8 to 9 +.
The key to hiring fast :
Always hire 7 - 9s , never hire 1 - 4s , and hire as many 5s & 6s as you need until you can find more 7 - 9s .
4. Hold Phone Interviews
From the time you receive a resume to a scheduled phone interview should be no more than two days .
This may sound fast , but it follows from the fact that the best candidates are hired very quickly , if they hit the job market at all .
Executing quickly is critical to finding 7s , 8s and 9s .
Phone interviews are the next step of evaluation after reviewing a resume .
First round phone interviews should be given by hiring assistants or recruiters and consist of 5 - 10 short answer technical questions .
If the candidate makes it through the first phone interview , call them yourself and ask 10 - 15 in - depth technical questions .
You should keep this call to 20 minutes .
Here are a few tips for this phone call , which is your first real contact with the candidate :
Start with Banter .
Psychologists say that 55 % of communication is non-verbal .
I ’ve found that people tend to be very nervous during phone interviews due to the lack of visual cues , and nervous candidates are less likely to give you a true picture of their capabilities .
Put them at ease with an introduction and some small - talk , typically relating to something other than work .
Give Them An Outline .
Continue with a quick rundown of what to expect during the call .
You ’re dealing with developers so known , logical steps are helpful .
Ask for Clarification .
Next , try to get to the bottom of any ambiguous statements on their resume .
This typically involves asking about specific details of their current position , including why they want to leave .
Also ask about any outrageous claims or discrepancies .
Ask Technical Questions .
Candidates tend to get nervous when answering technical questions so be sure to explain how many questions you ’re going to ask and to let them know that you ’re not looking to pass or fail them , rather to get an idea of their strengths and weaknesses .
Try to stick to more conceptual subjects like architecture and basic programming concepts , as opposed to language specifics .
See If They Have Questions .
Since you are their first technical contact with your company they will typically have questions about the size of your team and whether there ’s free soda in the lunchroom .
If the candidate is obviously an 8 or better , try to schedule an in - person interview at the end of the call .
If not , close the interview and use their 1 - 10 ranking to decide how to proceed .
6. Finish In - Person
The in - person interview has been discussed in so many articles that I ’m not going to beat it to death here .
Joel Spolsky ’s Guerilla Guide to Interviewing has a good outline for an in - person technical interview .
Here are a few of my thoughts :
Ask a few technical questions that do n’t have specific answers and observe how the candidate responds .
There are plenty of smart developers , but someone who can translate complex concepts into words is an exception .
Ask them to write code and watch how they approach the problem .
Recursive questions are always fun and help indicate whether or not they understood the things they were taught in their computer science courses .
Ask any additional technical questions you have n’t covered before now .
This is your last chance before making a decision .
Finally , if you ’re at all interested in the candidate , be sure to evangelize your company and answer their questions to the best of your ability .
You ’re almost to the point where you ’re going to make them an offer , so you want to convince them that working anywhere else is a mistake .
Once the interview is complete , use their 1 - 10 ranking and the Rule of Thirds to help with your hire / no - hire decision , keeping in mind you should never hire less than a 5 .
If hiring were easy it would n’t be the subject of so many books , articles and seminars .
Hiring technical people is extremely challenging , and hiring a whole slew of technical people in a short time can feel like parting the Red Sea .
My hope is that this article lends some guidance when you ’re forced to hire like a start - up .
Location : GUIs Windows >
Windows in 1983
<< Previous Page | 1 | 3 | Next Page >> | 1 | 2
Microsoft Windows 1983 pre-Version 1.0 demo
The following is an article that appeared in the December 1983 issue of Byte magazine .
When I first created this site there was very little information about early versions of Windows on the web and no references to this article .
It was almost as if there was some conspiracy to hide the truth about the age of Windows .
Thanks to Marcin Wichary for the improved scans !
Microsoft Windows
A mouse with modest requirements by Phil Lemmons
The desktop metaphor and the mouse present attractive concepts , but Apple 's Lisa or IBM 's PC XT running Visi On exceeds the budget of the average personal computer user .
Both of these systems require a hard disk and great quantities of RAM ( random - access read / write memory ) .
Although the mouse itself is a small part of the expense , it is a symbol of this approach to software , and some computer users have been heard to mutter , " What price mice ? "
Another factor keeping down the mouse population has been the shortage of things for them to point at ( or the shortage of application software ) .
Until there is a large installed base of Lisa and Visi On systems , many software authors will forgo the expense of developing applications programs for these systems .
Prospective buyers of personal computers , on the other hand , are unlikely to buy a Lisa or Visi On until more software is available .
Apple 's own software for Lisa is magnificent , but other applications programs are only now emerging .
Visicorp is making a major effort to induce programmers to write more for Visi On , but the requirements of a Unix development system is an obstacle to the smaller software houses and independent designers .
The expense underlying the Unix development system is the hardware required to run it - once again , lots of memory and a hard disk .
This keeps most of us staring a the MS - DOS or CP / M command line and hoping that a sudden fall in the prices of RAM and hard disk will open the way to metaphors and mice .
With the introduction of Microsoft Windows , however , the company that brought us MS - DOS promises a mouse - and - window show running off two 320K - byte floppy disks and 192K bytes of RAM .
( More RAM is required , of course , with each additional application . )
To make Microsoft Windows even more attractive to personal computer users , Microsoft promises to price Windows " as an operating - system component " - that is , inexpensively .
The economics of Microsoft Windows will also appeal to programmers .
Programmers do n't need to buy special hardware or to learn Unix in order to develop software that runs under Microsoft Windows - they can user their own IBM Personal Computers .
Moreover , programmers can take advantage of the ability to customize windows so that each software house retains its own distinct look within the Microsoft environment .
The same enlightened attitude enabled Microsoft to resist the temptation to reserve Windows as an environment for its own applications programs .
Microsoft is making Windows available to a number of applications software houses , including some major competitors .
Microsoft Windows is an installable device driver under MS - DOS 2.0 using ordinary MS - DOS files .
Complete compatibility with MS - DOS means that Windows will at least let you run any application that runs under MS - DOS .
In the worst case , Windows will turn the fill display over to an MS - DOS application and return you to your place in Windows .
" Language bindings " will enable programmers to write software for Microsoft Windows in any Microsoft programming language .
Running Microsoft Windows Photos 1 - 13 show a sequence of operations in Microsoft Windows .
The photos on pages 52 - 53 show a variety of machines whose manufactures have adopted Microsoft Windows as an applications environment .
During normal use , Microsoft Windows displays one or more windows , each with a different application .
You can move the cursor from one windows to another .
You can move windows , change their size , scroll , get help appropriate to the context in which you are working , and transfer data among windows .
Windows determines the highest level of data transfer mutually acceptable to the two applications , with plain ASCII ( American National Standard Code for Information Interchange ) as the last resort .
The " session - control layer " becomes the equivalent of the empty desktop where you can manipulate files .
The available commands appear near the bottom of the screen .
Normally , Microsoft Windows will restore the desktop to the state at the time of its last use .
In photo 1 , we start from scratch .
To see the available applications programs , you either use the mouse to position the cursor on the command " Run " or type the letter " R. " Windows lists all the applications programs as commands , and you point at the desired program and click the mouse to run it .
You could also type the appropriate letter instead .
In photo 2 , BASIC 86 is running in a large window extending the full width of the desktop .
Because BASIC 86 does all its input / output through MS - DOS , it can run in a Window .
Microsoft calls such software " co-operative . "
The bottom of the screen shows the commands available in the session - contol layer .
You can use the session - contol layer to run another program in parallel with BASIC 86 .
The first step toward running a program is shown in photo 3 , where the cursor points at " Run . " Microsoft Windows will now display a list of the programs available .
Photo 4 shows the next application selected .
In this case , the program that 's run is " uncooperative " - that is , it does n't do everything through MS - DOS system calls , sometimes going beyond the operating system to write directly to the hardware addresses such as those of screen memory .
Microsoft Windows can't run such a program in a windows and must give it the entire screen .
That is why photo 4 does not show the session control layer beneath the display of " Piano . " << Previous Page | 1 | 3 | Next Page >> | 1 | 2
Back to The GUI Gallery
A shift in Australia 's stance is a sign of the times : all over the world governments are rethinking the politics and economics of nuclear power
FOR much of its 26 - year life the Ranger uranium mine in north Australia has seen protests from ecologists who oppose digging for nuclear fuel on the edge of a world heritage park .
But by 2008 , as the mine 's riches run out , Australia may be marching towards a new nuclear era , prompted in part by fear of climate change , the biggest ecological issue of all .
On November 21st a government report said Australia should do more than sell uranium to other countries : it should use the material to fuel its own nuclear - power industry , and hence curb its greenhouse gas emissions .
That is what John Howard , the prime minister , wanted to hear .
Long a sceptic over global warming , he amazed everyone by saying during a trip to Canada in May that nuclear power was an “ inevitable ” choice for Australia .
In many parts of the world the mood is shifting in favour of nuclear energy — often because other responses to climate change seem harder ( see article ) .
That in turn is creating new worries over the diversion of nuclear fuel to make bombs ( see article ) and making the distant dream of nuclear fusion even more attractive ( see article ) .
Among rich countries Australia stands out as a place whose geography and geology pull its energy planners in different directions .
It has 38 % of the world 's low - cost uranium reserves , but has never made its own nuclear power .
Cheap coal fuels 80 % of its electricity , gas the rest .
But Mr Howard , having dropped his bombshell , ordered a policy review from Ziggy Switkowski , a scientifically inclined businessman .
His conclusions ?
Australia could quadruple its 2005 revenue from exporting uranium oxide ( mainly to America , France and Japan ) if it enriched and fabricated the fuel first .
He also says Australia should consider installing its first nuclear reactor by 2020 , building up to 25 reactors by 2050 ; such a grid could supply one - third of the country 's electricity and cut greenhouse gases by almost one - fifth .
The report is already dividing the country .
Not even Mr Howard liked it all : it acknowledges that nuclear power would be up to 50 % dearer than electricity from coal .
It would be competitive “ only where the costs of greenhouse - gas emissions are explicitly recognised ” , in other words by imposing carbon taxes , something Mr Howard has rejected .
With nuclear power now set to dominate next year 's general election , Mr Switkowski has certainly given those worried about global warming something to think about : he notes that Australia 's uranium exports alone ( a record 12,000 tonnes last year ) are enough to supply more than twice its annual electricity needs .
Elsewhere in the world so many nations are either building new plants , or thinking about it , that energy analysts are speaking of a nuclear renaissance .
New reactors are being built in 13 countries .
Governments in others , like Britain and America , want to make it easier to start new plants .
Several European states are slowing down plans to phase out nuclear power .
Asian ones , whose nuclear appetite never faded , plan ever more reactors .
In most places the nuclear debate hinges on safety , cost , the environment and security of supply .
Atomic energy lost favour after a near disaster at Three Mile Island in America in 1979 and a real one at Chernobyl in the Soviet Union in 1986 .
But engineering firms say their latest designs are safer .
Several claim to build “ passively safe ” plants that need no human or mechanical intervention to close after a fault , but rely on the laws of physics to contain runaway reactions .
Regulators are tougher too : Finland has told Areva , a French firm making a new reactor , that it must be able to withstand a crashing plane .
A consensus is emerging about where to put nuclear waste : most countries want to bury it underground , though only Finland and America have chosen sites .
As for economics , study after study rates nuclear fission one of the cheapest ways to make power .
In practice , however , nuclear plants have often disappointed because of delays , cost overruns and breakdowns .
But utilities seem to be getting better at maintenance ; some keep their reactors going more than 90 % of the time .
In democracies , politics is the biggest cause of delay and financial upset .
Nuclear policies can be as fickle as government coalitions .
Public opinion and local planners are often more sceptical than national authorities — so getting permits is a nail - biting business .
Utilities like to skirt such problems by putting new reactors near existing ones , where locals accept nuclear power .
Many operators in America and Europe have quietly raised their nuclear output by upgrading existing plants .
Britain plans to encourage new reactors by amending its planning laws .
Design will be approved by the national government , leaving local authorities to deal with narrower issues .
America is offering utilities up to $ 2 billion in insurance against planning delays .
Authoritarian countries like China , and even democratic ones with tough bureaucrats , like France or Japan , never gave much leeway to pesky locals .
Planning aside , nuclear plants can be hard to finance , since they cost more and take longer to build than coal - or gas - fired units .
In countries with state power firms , like China , the government can stump up the money or use its clout to reduce borrowing costs .
A handful of firms , such as Electricité de France , are big and profitable enough to pay for new reactors out of regular income .
Other solutions show more imagination : a Finnish consortium that is buying a new reactor consists of utilities and power users committed to buying the plant 's output at cost .
The Finnish and British governments say they will not subsidise nuclear power .
America's has no such qualms ; in addition to the insurance against delays , it is helping to bear the cost of the permitting process and offering tax breaks on power produced by new plants .
Such enthusiasm reflects the hope that nuclear power can wean America off imported fossil fuels .
Elsewhere , countries that fear foreign control of their energy supply tend to be pro-nuclear .
Ukraine , site of the Chernobyl catastrophe , is busily making more nuclear plants to cut its reliance on Russian gas .
In most of western Europe , feelings are more ambivalent .
Many countries have cut nuclear output , or made plans to do so , and are only reluctantly reviewing that stance in the light of global warming .
Indeed , some ecologists , such as Mike Townsley of Greenpeace , a lobby group , say talk of a renaissance is overdone .
If there is a rebirth , it may lie in the mere fact that nuclear power is being discussed , not in any consensus about its merits .
Now that Virtual PC is finally free , I 've become obsessed with producing the smallest possible Windows XP Virtual PC image .
It 's quite a challenge , because a default XP install can eat up well over a gigabyte .
Once you factor in the swapfile and other overhead , you 're generally talking about around 2 - 4 gigabytes for relatively simple configurations .
My best result so far , however , is a 641 megabyte virtual machine image of a clean , fully patched Windows XP install .
Not bad .
And here 's how I did it .
First , start with the obvious stuff :
Install Windows XP SP2 .
Take all default options .
Connect to Windows update ; install all critical updates .
Install VM additions .
Turn off system restore .
Right click My Computer ; select properties
Click the System Restore tab
Click the " Turn off System Restore " checkbox
OK all the way back out Set Visual Effects to minimum .
Right click My Computer ; select Properties
Click the Advanced tab
Click the Performance Settings button
Click the " Adjust for best performance " checkbox
OK all the way back out .
Shut down .
Do n't install anything else yet !
Remember , we 're trying to get to a minimal baseline install of Windows XP first .
A nice , flat platform to build on .
It 's critical to turn off system restore , because that eats up hundreds of megabytes of disk space .
In a virtual machine environment , having a rollback path does n't make sense anyway .
And if the Windows software environment was n't so pathological , we would n't need complex rollback support embedded in the OS , either , but I digress .
Now let 's put together our toolkit of virtual machine optimization :
Thes utilities are mostly free .
And , except for Crap Cleaner , they do n't even require installers .
Just plop all the files for each one into a folder ; I call mine VM - utils .
Copy this folder to the target VM .
Use TweakUI to turn on automatic login .
Otherwise you have to distribute login credentials with your VM , and who wants to do that ?
Now , use XPlite to tear out all the annoying , unnecessary bits of Windows XP : XPlite is easily the best utility of its type ; it removes scads of useless things built into XP that have no explicit uninstall mechanism .
Unfortunately , XPlite is payware .
There is a free version , but it 's crippled ; it can only remove a fraction of the items the full version can .
See the full list of items it can remove along the right - hand side of the product page .
By default , XPlite generally shows things that are safe to remove .
Note that the " Advanced Components " item is shown in that screenshot , which is definitely stuff that 's not safe to remove unless you really know what you 're doing .
Anyway , here 's what I consider totally safe to remove in XPlite 's standard list : Accessibility Options
Communication and Messaging
Server Components
Games
System Services
The others require a bit of judicious selection .
Accessories - you probably want Notepad , Calc , and the other essential applets .
A world without Notepad is a world I do n't want to live in .
Internet Utilities - if you want to keep the default IE6 inside XP , I 'd leave this alone .
With the notable exception of MSN Explorer , which is always safe to drop .
Multimedia - if you have sound enabled , selectively keep some of this , otherwise dump it all .
It 's highly unlikely you would ever want to watch videos or listen to music inside your VM , right ?
Right ?
Operating System Options - you may want to keep the core fonts if you 're planning to browse the web within the VM .
Also , beware of removing the service pack update files .
Most of this is safe to dump , though .
However , you will need the VB6 runtimes for Crap Cleaner to run !
System Tools & Utilities - I 'd leave Dr. Watson , and possibly PerfMon , WSH and Zip folder support .
Once you 've made your selections , let XPlite do its thing .
It 's worth the effort , because you 'll have an unbelievably squeaky clean Start menu when it 's done .
Who knew Windows XP could be this .. simple ?
Install and run Crap Cleaner .
Perform the default analysis , then do a cleanup .
This step is really optional ; it only cleans up a couple megabytes of log files and miscellaneous junk .
Be sure to uninstall Crap Cleaner when you 're done , too .
Now that we 've cleaned everything up , we need to defragment the disk .
You can use any defragmenter you like , of course , but this one is free and works quite well .
Navigate to the folder where you put your VM utilities , including the Whitney Defragger .
Open a command prompt
Copy the defragmenting program to our windows system folder : copy bootdfrg.
exe c:windowssystem32
Install the defragmenting service : defrag -i Schedule a defragmentation of the c : drive for the next boot : defrag -d c : - B Restart the virtual machine .
The defragmenter will run before Windows loads .
Let it run to completion .
It may take a little while , but it provides lots of textual feedback on what it 's doing .
Now we have to zero the free space on the drive .
You have your choice of the free Microsoft Virtual PC Pre-Compactor , or the inexpensive Invirtus VM Optimizer .
Both do the same thing , but the Invirtus tool results in an image that 's about 15 percent smaller ( 641 megabytes vs. 758 megabytes , in my test ) than the Microsoft tool .
Either way , you 're mounting an ISO .
The Microsoft Pre-Compactor is in a folder named " Virtual Machine Additions " under your Virtual PC install folder .
Once mounted , the precompactor will autorun .
Let it prep the drive ; this does n't take long .
Cleanly shut down the virtual machine .
Finally , shrink the virtual machine hard drive using the disk wizard available from the Virtual PC UI : Click the File | Virtual Disk Wizard drop - down menu Edit an existing virtual disk Select the correct disk image Select " Compact it " Select " replacing the original file "
.. and prepare to marvel at the tiny size* of the resulting hard drive image !
It 's really quite amazing how snappy and compact Windows XP can be , once you remove all the useless cruft from it .
* that 's what she said .
A virtual file system ( VFS ) kernel extension
A special - purpose mount_fusefs program
A patch to the FUSE user - space library
A patch to the SSHFS file system
Posted by Amit Singh , Mac Engineering ManagerGoogle is a fantastic company to work for .
I could cite numerous reasons why .
Take the concept of " 20 percent time . "
Google engineers are encouraged to spend 20 percent of their time pursuing projects they 're passionate about .
I started one such exciting project some time back , and I 'm pleased to announce that Google is releasing the fruits of this project as an open source contribution to the Macintosh community .
That project is MacFUSE , a Mac OS X version of the popular FUSE ( File System in User Space ) mechanism , which was created for Linux and subsequently ported to FreeBSD .
FUSE makes it possible to implement a very functional file system in a normal program rather than requiring a complex addition to the operating system .
More importantly , the FUSE API is very easy to program for .
The large number of interesting and / or useful FUSE file systems out there is a testament to this .
An often - cited example of such a useful file system is sshfs , which until now was not available on Mac OS X.
One of the missions of the Google Macintosh team is to contribute to the Mac community and make the Mac OS X experience better for users and developers .
We hope that MacFUSE will not only make several existing FUSE file systems readily available to Macintosh users -- typically , right out of the box -- but will also help Macintosh developers give vent to their creative fervor and come up with innovative products and file systems that we have never seen before .
The MacFUSE implementation Google is releasing today includes the following components : More details on using and developing for MacFUSE are available on the project 's Google Code page Small disclaimer :
Please note that MacFUSE is a complex piece of software , and it is a work in progress .
We believe in releasing early and often , so we 're releasing it now so that the community can help us to make it more robust .
Finally , I would like to express my thanks to the FUSE developers for having created FUSE in the first place .
Miklos Szeredi did a wonderful job with FUSE on Linux , and Csaba Henk did an equally great job porting FUSE to FreeBSD .
Enjoy your file systems !
Update .
I ’ve posted a follow - up to this post with some improvements suggested in the comments below .
I have a development area where I ’m developing bits and pieces based on this engine .
Most of this is work in progress but illustrates the flexibility of this technique .
This supersedes my old OO framework which was not as cross - browser as I would have liked ( and had other shortcomings ) .
I changed my mind a lot about this but finally decided to allow the creation of single instance classes by defining a null constructor :
The code is slightly more verbose in this case but you get access to the base method which I find incredibly useful .
You can achieve the same result using the Base class :
Note the use of the base method in the constructor .
This ensures that the Shape constructor is also called .
Some other things to note :
A second parameter passed to the extend method of a class defines the class interface :
All classes created in this manner will inherit the extend method so we can easily subclass the Animal class :
Classes are created by calling the extend method on the Base class :
You can also call the base method from within a constructor function .
If a method has been overridden then the base method provides access to the overridden method :
Call this method to extend an object with another interface :
I ’ve created a JavaScript class ( Base.js ) that I hope eases the pain of JavaScript OO .
It ’s a simple class and extends the Object object by adding two instance methods and one class method .
I ’m an OO programmer at heart and JavaScript supports prototype based inheritance .
Unfortunatley this leads to verbose class definitions :
NB .
I ’ve amended the code samples below to reflect recent changes in this class .
Comments ( 225 )
Leave a comment
Comment : # 1
In the Circle examples you have declared a method “ area ” which is “ perimeter ” instead Area is Math .
PI * this.radius ^ 2
Anyway it ’s really a simple and effective system to simplify class declaration and inheritance .
Comment : # 2
The JS inheritance class that I use is from Doug Crockford .
It ’s a nice simple class inheritance base class that just modifies the main Function class .
It supports calling parent methods and doing multiple inheritence ( which thus far I have never found a need for )
The only change I had to make from his code to make it fully cross - browser ( opera had some issues ) was to change his declaration of ‘ uber ’ in the ‘ inherits ’ method to NOT specify “ function uber ( name ) ” but instead use “ function ( name ) ” ( anonymous function ) .
Comment : # 3 @ Franco – Oops !
Fixed now .
Thanks .
Maths was never my strong point ( actually it was but I ’ve now forgotten everything )
Comment : # 4 What benefits do you think this has over the Object.extend ( ) and Class.create ( ) features of Prototype ?
Comment : # 5 not work in firefox “ prototype.call is not a function ”
Comment : # 7 I got message “ prototype.call is not a function ” in Javascript Console when i try to Creating Class
Comment : # 8 @modi – you are going to have to show me some code .
I ’ve created dozens of classes in Firefox and have not seen the error you mention .
Comment : # 9 I was also about to ask the same thing as Jonathan …
Comment : # 10 @ Mislav / Jonathon ,
There is nothing wrong with Prototype ’s method .
I prefer mine for the following reasons : the inherit method readability
It ’s like comparing x=x+1 with x++ .
A slight improvement but an improvement nonetheless .
Read this for a better explanation : http://www.sitepoint.com/blogs/2006/01/17/javascript-inheritance/.
Comment : # 11
As for readability , I see hardly a difference .
As for the inherit method , this is really a blank spot in prototype.js Unless you apply the patch from http://dev.rubyonrails.org/ticket/4060
Comment : # 12 @ Martin –
This is not designed to compete with Prototype .
If people are comfortable with that library then they should continue using it .
I wrote this for my own needs and I thought I ’d share it .
Comment : # 13 Dean , I think when you ’re writing “ overload ” , you mean “ override ” .
Two method declarations of the same name but different parameter lists are said to be “ overloaded ” .
This is n’t possible in JS ( unless you count using the arguments object and inspecting the passed argument types ) .
A method reimplemented which was defined in a superclass is said to be “ overridden ” .
Right ?
Comment : # 14
Ah , that really makes a difference .
I particulary like Ben ’s patch ; thanks for the link , Martin .
Dean : about singletons …
The example provided is n’t exactly a singleton pattern , just a class that cannot be instantiated with some class constants and methods .
I would call that a static class ( or something like that ) , not a singleton .
And why did you choose to call the method inherit ?
Would n’t sup or super or parent be a better name ?
Apart from that I like the work you ’ve done very much , especially the clear examples .
Comment : # 15 Dean , I never thought you want to compete with prototype.js , and I am certainly not a “ XY already has this , no need for this ” fan -boy .
Sorry if this is what it looked like .
More choices are good , and one can always learn from other code , especially if it is yours , and adapt ideas .
So thank you for sharing some of your work once again .
Comment : # 16 [… ] art man , and was n’t happy with any Base classes out there in various libraries so he wrote his own Base.js .
His goals : I want to easily create classes without the MyClass . prototype [… ]
Comment : # 17 var Animal = Base.extend ( { constructor : function ( name ) { this .
name = name ; } , say : function ( message ) { alert ( this .
name + " : " + message ) ; } } ) ; Mozilla / 5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; zh - TW ; rv:1.7.12 ) Gecko/ 20050919 Firefox /1.0.7
Comment : # 18 Nice work .
In the private data example , did you mean to use just ‘ radius ’ in the formula instead of ‘ this.radius ’ , as in … var Circle = Shape.extend ( { constructor : function ( radius ) { this .
extend ( { getCircumference : function ( ) { return Math .
PI * radius * radius ; } } ) ; } } ) ;
Comment : # 19 @modi – Fixed now .
Thanks for letting me know .
I had to rename a variable from prototype to _prototype in a couple of functions .
Presumably this is a bug that has been fixed in later versions of Firefox .
Comment : # 20 @ Jeremy / Mislav – I ’ve changed the text of the post .
I now use the expressions “ override ” and “ single instance ” .
Thanks for correcting my poor use of computing terminology .
@ Steve – Fixed now .
Thank you .
Comment : # 21 Just a detail …
I think inherit should be called something different .
( It ’s a semantic thing only , nothing wrong with the code in itself )
When you call baseclass .
extend it is correctly a verb and your action is that expressed by the verb : extending your base class .
But if I understood this correctly , when you call this .
inherit you ’re not really inheriting something , but actually calling the inherited method .
The difference is subtle , I know , but it somehow does n’t seem completely right .
I might suggest inherited instead , if you want to keep the inherit root , or something along the lines of what Mislav suggested above .
Comment : # 22
What do others think of the name inherit ?
Any other ideas ?
ancestor ?
I do n’t like the other suggestions much ( inherited , parent , sup ) and super is already a reserved word .
Comment : # 23 I have a couple of questions :
Whats the use of “ … If you define a class method ( not an instance method ! ) called init then will it … ” , I thought thats what the constructor method was for .
Also this may be a newb question but when you stated that the ‘… second parameter passed to the extend method of a class defines the class interface ’ in your example does is the PI property set the to Shape class ?
–
Thank you for all your contributions
Comment : # 24 BTW – I like ‘ ancestor ’ it gives me a better since of what its doing
Comment : # 25 Douglas Crockford proposed a long time ago the word uber .
I ’m not really sure I like it , but there it is anyway .
I do like ancestor .
parent is ok too .
Comment : # 26 @ John –
You can pass two parameters to class . extend .
These parameters should be object literals .
The first parameter defines the instance interface of the class .
The second defines the class interface itself .
You can perform class initialisation ( rare but sometimes needed ) by defining an init method on the class interface .
This method will be called immediately the class is created .
This is very different to the constructor function .
Below is a more detailed example .
Class initialisation is required here because we need to close all open files when the document is unloaded .
So we define an init method which adds an event handler : var File = Base.
extend ({ // instance interface constructor : function ( name , mode ) { this .
name = name ; this .$ guid = System.register ( this ) ; if ( mode ) this .open ( mode ) ; } , $ guid : 0 , mode : 0 , name : " " , close : function ( ) { delete File.opened [ this .$guid ] ; this .
mode = 0 ; } , open : function ( mode ) { this .
mode = mode || File.
READ ; File.opened [this .$guid ] = this ; } , read : function ( ) { } , write : function ( ) { } } , { // class interface CLOSED : 0 , READ : 1 , WRITE : 2 , opened : {} , closeAll : function ( ) { var files = this .opened ; for ( var i in files ) files [ i].close ( ) ; } , init : function ( ) { // class initialisation Event.add ( window , " unload " , this .closeAll , this ) ; } } ) ;
Does that makes sense ?
If you are not sure then ignore class initialisation .
Like I said , it is rarely need .
Comment : # 27 As for the name : inherited ( ) looks like a test that returns a bool .
Aside : I like that ruby allows questionmarks in names , like “ SomeObject.inherited ? ” “ parent ( ) ” is nice , but might be too often used already in objects ( to express the relationship between two objects like in the DOM ) .
Nice example in # 26 .
Shows of the lib quite well .
The class / instance interface distinction is very neat .
Comment : # 28
So the init is similer to the var foo = Class.create ( ) ; Object.extend ( foo , { initialize : function ( ) { … } } ) ; of Prototype ?
Comment : # 29 foo = Base.extend ({
constructor : function ( ) {
this.bar = 3 ;
} ,
bar = 3 } , {
init : function ( ) {
this.bar = 3 ;
} ,
bar = 3
} ) ;
In this example I have set bar in alot of places .
In both the instance and class interface .
Also in the construcor and init methods .
They all do the same thing right ?
If I only did it in the constructor method would alert ( foo.prototype.bar ) ; // still show 3
So I guess I dont see the need for an instance interface and a class interface , do n’t they both do the exact same thing ?
Comment : # 30 BTW thank you for taking your time to help and show examples
Comment : # 31 @ John –
You ’ve missed the point slightly .
Have another look at the example I posted .
Comment : # 32
More suggestions instead of “ inherited ” : base
over
proto
And all those suggesions prepended w/ “ call ” , so “ callBase ” .
Comment : # 33 Err , any chance of this being made MIT , BSD , AFL , or similar ?
LGPL ?
Really ?
Comment : # 34
Hey , since this is a “ refactored ” version of common are we going to see an IDE ?
That was a fun project I thought ( more so since I ’ve started playing with smalltalk )
Anyway , Base is nice .
I do agree with the folks that think the “ inherit ” method seems oddly named .
I say forget all that tired language of “ super ” , “ parent ” or “ inherit ” and go with something new .
I like “ basis ” as it goes well with the name Base .
Mmm… “ basis ”
Comment : # 35
So I just answered my own question about the IDE .
I looked through your development area , and was stoked to see all that .
Nice work !
How long have you been at this ?
This has way more written on top of it then common ever did .
Comment : # 36 @ Jeremy – I ’ll look at changing the license for this .
@ Mitchell – Yes , common was fun and I managed to write at least one complex application using it .
Base is more cross - browser .
The IDE is unfinished .
The IDE is useful for browsing object hierarchies but less useful for actually writing code .
Until someone writes a decent text editor that is …
And you are right .
The IDE is based on Smalltalk .
Comment : # 37 Very nice .
Not sure if I will use it since I ’ve already written so much of my code using prototype but this is the cleanist implementation of class based OO I ’ve yet seen .
I was a bit unclear about the point of the _static argument ( i.e. second argument in Base.extend ( , ) ) .
It seems to add methods just to the class but not to any instance variables but it also does n’t seem to be inherited .
Is this the intended behavior or am I just missing something in the code ?
I guess I ’m just a bit confused as to what sort of OO model you have in mind with the static stuff .
One thought for future improvement .
It seems possible that if you use object .
extend inside an event handler or more likely the return from an XHR the global flag Base .
_prototyping could cause some problems .
It seems possible to instead avoid the problem of calling the initializer when you new this by instead copying this to a temp variable renaming the constructoring calling new and then returning the constructor .
However , maybe I am missing something .
Comment : # 38 @logicnazi –
It is my intention that static methods and properties are not inherited .
I ’ve provided this mechanism mainly for the provision of class constants .
Look at JavaScript ’s Number class as an example of what I mean : http://phrogz.net/ObjJob/object.asp?id=172
As to your other point .
The Base .
_prototyping flag is only set when creating a class .
It is not set when using object . extend .
Comment : # 39 Hmm … feels a lot like the Dojo toolkit ’s ‘ dojo.lang.extend ’ , except they ’re missing a lot of the extended functionality you ’re providing .
Might be worth a look , though , as you seem to be on the same track : http://manual.dojotoolkit.org/lang.html
Comment : # 40 Ohh right I see about the _prototyping flag .
I retract my point .
It would be kinda wastefull to add all that code for the crazy situation where people are defining new classes in event handlers .
Okay , now I understand what you meant by static .
I was just a bit confused by the terminology .
Thanks alot for your response not to mention the library .
Comment : # 41
If I try to pass a function in a class , I lose the properties of that class .
Any idea why ?
var obj = new Base ; obj.extend ( { val : 5 , method : function ( ) { alert ( this.val ) ; } } ) ; var my Method = obj.method ; obj.method ( ) ; // 5 myMethod ( ) ; // undefined
Comment : # 42 Mark – this is what should happen .
When you call myMethod , the this value is pointing to the global ( window ) object .
Because there is no window.val defined the function returns undefined .
Comment : # 43 @ Mark : Javascript “ methods ” are just functions hanging off an object– the “ this ” keyword is n’t bound to the object if you do n’t scope it with the “ . ” operator .
Check out Boodman ’s “ hitch ” function ( which he called “ close ” in that post ) — it makes the function do what you want function hitch ( obj , methodName ) { return function ( ) { obj[ methodName ] .apply ( obj , arguments ) ; } ( from http://youngpup.net//2005/0525024806/comments#c1444 )
You ’d change this line : var my Method = obj.method ; to this : var my Method = hitch ( obj , ’method ’ ) ;
Comment : # 44 Hello .
Great tool Dean , I like it and I will start using it .
Thanks .
Just two comments :
If inherit is going to be renamed , I vote for “ super ” ( Java ) , or just “ base ” ( C# ) because it is the same name of the framework .
2 ) Are you going to rewrite IE7 and the rest of your scripts so as to use Base ?
Thanks for your attention .
Comment : # 45 I have already converted IE7 , packer and my syntax highlighter to Base .
I have n’t released any of this code yet .
Some of the classes are here : http://dean.edwards.name/base/text/src/
Comment : # 46 Dean , I saw that you mentioned that you did n’t want to mess with the Object .
prototype .
Have you considered muffing with the Function .
prototype instead ?
Like … something like this : Function.prototype.method = function ( name , func ) { this .prototype[name ] = func ; return this ; } ;
This typically shows up in Crockford ’s toolkit and I ’ve found it to be pretty nice .
Comment : # 47 [ …] ebdesign imagereplacement ) gotAPI.com :: API lookup service ( tags : reference html css ) A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance ( tags : javascript oop ) [… ]
Comment : # 48 @ Dustin – Yeah , this was the way I wrote it originally .
But adding an override capability meant that I had to add the inherit mechanism too .
It felt too much like I was extending the language rather than just adding a new class .
Comment : # 49 Dean , how would you use your library for implementing a class that contains both static and non-static members and properties in a class ?
Comment : # 50 @ Ympostor –
An example of a class with both a class and instance interface is shown in Comment # 26 .
Comment : # 51 neat ! the inherit ( ) method is really useful but has been missing badly in other libs i have come across .
do n’t really like the name though .
i vote for base ( ) or super ( ) .
Comment : # 52 Nobody likes inherit except me :-(. super is already a reserved word .
These are the alternatives that I like : $ uper
base
ancestor I ’m still undecided …
Comment : # 53 What about polymorphism ?
I implemented a fully supported but complicated Object Oriented JavaScript library : http://j2s.sourceforge.net/j2sclazz/
And the article : http://j2s.sourceforge.net/articles/oop-in-js-by-j2s.html
It seems it also fits all of your requirements of OO .
Comment : # 54 What about polymorphism ?
Polymorphism is provided by inheritance .
Quoting from your own document : Methods can be overridden and polymorphism is supported
Comment : # 55
The polymorphism that I mean is methods with same name but different arguments , for example , a Obj.action1 ( ) , aObj.action1( bObj ) .
It seems that such polymorphism should be provided in a simple way .
And for the previous comment , I prefer to the keyword “ $uper ” .
Comment : # 56 $ uper ???
do n’t get me wrong , but that ’s an awful proposition
Comment : # 57 [ … ] es info How to boot Knoppix 4.0 from a USB Flash Drive DutchPIPE software A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance Faster DOM Queries
This entry was posted [… ]
Comment : # 58
Think about a more complex case : var trace = function ( str ) { document .
write ( str + '< br />' ) ; } var C1 = Base. extend ( { constructor : function ( ) { trace ( ' C1.constructor call . ' ) ; } , m : function ( ) { trace ( ' C1. m call . ' ) ; } } ) ; var C2 = C1.extend ( {} ) ; var C3 = C2.extend ( { constructor : function ( name ) { this .inherit( ) ; trace ( ' C3.constructor call . ' ) ; } , m : function ( ) { this .inherit( ) ; trace ( ' C3. m call . ' ) ; } } ) ; var o = new C3 ; o.m ( ) ;
The output is : C3.constructor call .
C1.m call .
C3.m call .
But I think the output should be : C1.constructor call .
C3.constructor call .
C1.m call .
C3.m call .
Comment : # 59 Here is the test page of the code above .
Comment : # 60 @kenxu :
This is not a bug .
C2 is an empty constructor .
When you call this .
inherit from C3 you are calling C2 which does nothing .
The output is as expected .
Comment : # 61 @kenxu :
On second thoughts , I prefer your output .
I will amend the Base class so that it no longer creates an empty constructor if none is supplied .
Comment : # 62 another name proposal for the inherit method callParent ( ) ; Bye , Markus
Comment : # 63 Hello Dean , thanks for your class , it ’s been a nice help already .
I ’ve just stumbled upon an oddity : var Test = Base. extend ( { test : [ ] , name : '' , constructor : function ( name ) { this .
name = name ; } , add : function ( item ) { this.test[this.test.length ] = item ; } , print : function ( ) { alert ( this .
name + " contains " + this .test ) ; } } ) ; var t1 = new Test ( ' test 1 ' ) ; var t2 = new Test ( ' test 2 ' ) ; t1.add ( ' one ' ) ; t1.add ( ' two ' ) ; t2.add ( ' three ' ) ; t2.print ( ) ;
This alerts “ test2 contains one , two , three ” .
So the “ test ” property is static over all instances of the class , even though I ’m adressing it with “ this ” .
If I initialize test in the constructor ( with this . test = [ ] ) , it does behave like an instance variable .
Would n’t it be better if this were default behaviour ?
You could have static variables accessible through Test. test in stead of this .
test ( as in Java ) Just a thought
Comment : # 64 @ Alex – there is already a mechanism for providing static variables .
The example you supply does not look like an oddity to me .
Object properties should be initialised in the constructor function .
Comment : # 65 Good stuff .
How about supr instead of inherit , like jsolait ?
Coupla questions .
Does Base support multiple inheritance ?
And is the constructor definition needed ?
In the Mouse case for example ca n’t the sleekit wee beastie simply inherit the Animal constructor ?
The Package class looks interesting as well .
Have you written about it anywhere ?
If not , care to spare a few words ?
Comment : # 66 @chocolateboy – I got rid of the need of the need to specify a constructor .
From now on constructors are inherited as per comment # 58 Yes , the Package class is interesting .
I ’m trying to avoid the verbosity of other JavaScript libraries .
The Package class allows importing / exporting of namespaces to keep the JavaScript namespace clean .
I ’ll blog about it later when I ’m totally happy with it .
BTW , I ’m renaming “ inherit ” to “ base ” .
I got persuaded by the crowd .
Comment : # 67 @chocolateboy – Multiple inheritance ?
Yes .
I do n’t trust multiple inheritance but the Base class supports it through the extend method : Flying Fish = Fish.extend ( ) ; FlyingFish.prototype.extend(Bird.prototype ) ;
I ’m thinking of writing another function to make this easier .
implement ?
Comment : # 68 FlyingFish = Fish.extend ( ) ; FlyingFish.implement ( Bird ) ;
That seems good .
Comment : # 69 Nice I ’ve been evaluating this and jsolait ( and had a look at j2Script ) as the basis for a largeish library .
I ’m gonna go with Base .
Please blog about Package when you get a chance .
I want to play with that as well
Comment : # 70 I ’m going to blog a bit more about Base in the near future .
I ’m just working out which classes should go in the core library .
The key features will be fast DOM queries , cross - browser event handling , a packaging system for clean namespaces ( and readable code ) , a good collection class with powerful iteration methods and a binding mechanism for behavioral extensions .
I ’m going to try to squeeze that into a 15 - 20 Kb file .
I ’m also working on an object browser ( like the Smalltalk IDE ) and a mechanism for building documentation on the fly .
Comment : # 71 [ … ] ( thanks to Justin Plamer ) .
I ’ve made a couple of tweaks to the class since I last blogged about it .
The most important change is that I ’ve renamed the inherit method to base . [… ]
Comment : # 72 [ … ] ojectionist does n’t count . )
His first post is monumental : he all but guarantees that Dean Edwards ’s Base will be integrated into Prototype , allowing for true inheritance . ( I ̵ [… ]
Comment : # 73
You ’ve renamed it to base ?
Blah
It might as well be called über then , because that makes as much sense calling the overriden method as base …
No offense , but I think these things should have semantics other than just functionality .
parent and super being reserved , maybe it can be called sup ( if it ’s not too late ) ?
$ uper , of course , is out of the question .
Comment : # 74 @ Mislav – what ’s wrong with base ?
It seems whatever I call it there will always be someone that does n’t like the name .
Comment : # 75
Well , many people would n’t like sup either , but ( as an abbreviation of super ) it ’s more correct .
Unlike others , I have my arguments ; base – as a word – is absolute and more like top .
If someone asked me what do I think base method might be in an inheritance scheme , the first thing that comes to mind is that it might return the base class ( top - level ) of the inheritance structure .
When one would give me a hint that it ’s about methods , at first I would be puzzled , then I would think it might call the same method as implemented in the base class .
Because of the absolute nature of the word , I would never think it refers to something ‘ one level above ’ .
Ancestor is ambiguous , while parent is perfect – it is the first ancestor .
Super ( above ; over ; upon ) is less ambiguous than ancestor because it usually implies ‘ one level above ’ , eg. in ‘ superclass ’ .
But you ca n’t change it forever , so if sup is ugly to some maybe it ’s best to leave it like this .
Note that when this ‘ extension ’ gets widely adopted ( I ’m sure it ’ll be before it enters Prototype ) , changing the name would not be an option anymore .
Wow …
It almost feels like we are making a language One more suggestion … what about upcased names : Parent or Super ?
Just a thought …
Comment : # 76
One more thing – I ’ve just went through the examples again ; this .inherit( ) was certainly the worst choice , glad you ’ve changed it but the code examples need to reflect this change otherwise newcomers will be greatly confused without reading the lengthy discussion .
This is just a reminder .
I ’ve taken a look once more at Rails ticked # 4060 for Prototype.js .
Ben uses sup , but ( in spite Ben ’s explanation ) one Frank tried to write this.sup.foo( ) and this.sup ( ) .foo ( ) .
This is an example how there are always people who would find something unlogical Best of luck !
Comment : # 77 @ Mislav – I think that super is the only name that would have had universal acceptance .
I chose base because , as someone pointed out , it is the same name as the framework .
Not the best reason but no one likes the other names anyway .
The real problem is that what we are talking about is not really a method .
Sure , it is invoked like a method but in real terms it is more like a keyword .
This is the reason that I liked inherit in the first place – “ inherit the behaviour of the super class ” .
I ’m not going to change it any more !
Comment : # 78 I never had any strong feelings about ‘ sup ’ .
For being only three letters long , though , it evokes its intended meaning pretty well .
But it is a little easy to mistake for an abbreviation of “ superclass ” ( like ‘ super ’ in java ) .
I think ‘ base ’ gets the point across just as well if not better .
Once I see which way the wind is blowing , I ’ll be able to change the vocabulary by retyping the method name in just one place .
I ’ve spent some quality time this afternoon slimming down my patch .
It ’s now less than twice the size of Base.js , and Dean ’s awesome JS packer condenses them to within 1.5 k of one another ( he ’s still winning though ) .
The prototype library is ~60 k ( 25 k compressed ) .
I ’ve also added a couple of lines of code that support Dean ’s .extend ( ) syntax .
This was criminally easy constructor [ ' extend ' ] = function ( declarations ) { declarations [ ' extending ' ] = constructor ; return Class.create ( declarations ) ; } ; Underneath the syntactic sugar , Dean and I appear to be doing very similar things .
All the best , Ben
Comment : # 79 Underneath the syntactic sugar , Dean and I appear to be doing very similar things .
And I ’m silently lurking , waiting for you two to finish to overview both solutions , take out what ’s best from the two and release it as my own mashup Just kidding Shame you do n’t work together
Comment : # 80 Hi dean , why is this possible ?
I built a lot around your base class , finding it needs fixing var BaseView = Base. extend ( { vars : [ ] } ) ; var This View = BaseView.extend ( { constructor : function ( ) { this.vars.push ( ' test ' ) ; } } ) ; var ThatView = BaseView.extend ( { constructor : function ( ) { alert ( this.vars [ 0 ] ) ; } } ) ; var x = new This View ; var y = new ThatView ;
Comment : # 81 @morriz – you have n’t really asked a question but I guess you are wondering why the alert shows “ test ” .
It is because you need to initialize object properties in the constructor function .
i.e. var BaseView = Base.extend ( { constructor : function ( ) { this.vars = [ ] ; } , vars : null } ) ;
Comment : # 82 Hi Dean , what do you mean ?
I think I dont get u right Maybe its time for that question then :
Why does the class property ‘ vars ’ get changed when I instantiate an object and change its property ?
You clearly can see that it does .
When I instantiate another class derived from the same base class , it gets the other childs instance ’s value .
Actually I dont really need to now why this strange behaviour occurs .
Can you tell me where I should declare class properties ?
Surely not in its constructor , that would kill a big part of the inheritance functionality :/
Maybe your init thingy could be used for that ?
I will also try prototype to see if they have the same problem
Comment : # 83 Hi Dean , prototype is not the answer …to say the least … but I found out more : From trial and error it seems that simple properties like strings etc can be declared in the class and will be inherited as is , BUT … complex structures like empty arrays and empty objects are instantiated and reused …
I guess that is implicit to javascripts prototype model , but couldnt it be resolved somehow by managing these instances somewhere under water ?
That would be messy I guess , so I ’ll have to do with prorotype ’s limitations after all ( thanks to guys like you to a limited degree that is But plz do let your mind go crazy on it , cuz it might lead to something ;] cheerz , Maurice PS : I am too busy atm with work n all , otherwise I would love to dive in an not only be asking all the time
Comment : # 84 [ … ] this interface .
The Special this .$ base Property This feature was inspired by Dean Edwards ’
Base class .
When a class overrides a method of a class that it extends , a specia [… ]
Comment : # 85 Sorry to join so late , but what does “ I want to easily create classes without the MyClass .
prototype cruft ” mean ?!
I have always rather liked the prototype syntax …
Comment : # 86 [ … ] cripting books .
Here ’s a rundown on what ’s been happening .
Dean Edwards ’
Base class is on its way to being incorporated into Prototype .
His Base class offers a clean way of [… ]
Comment : # 87 [ …] áció ) – Dojo ( home ) – Rico ( home ) – Scriptaculous ( home ) – Base OOP JavaScript ( home , dokumentáció )
Ezen kódkönyvtárak nagyrészt egymásra épülnek , melyek közül kiemelkedően [… ]
Comment : # 88 [ … ]
12 ; — — —– Just like Dean Edwards , I want an OO library that solves a number of problems .
For convenience , here is Dean Edwards ’ list .
I want to easily create cl [ … ]
Comment : # 89 have started to use Base for my little project .
said before , but Base is simply awesome !
just wondering if anyone has figured out how to document the Base - based code .
JSDoc does not seem to foot the bill .
for the moment , i am sticking with POD .
better ideas ?
Comment : # 90 [ … ] class this link tutorial maybe will help you A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance [… ]
Comment : # 91 Hi Dean , I am still building a whole GUI framework on top of your Base class and loving it !!
But I have a question .
I found out that you do n’t do the ‘ init ’ of a class if it already has a constructor …. why ?
snippet : // single instance var object = constructor ?
klass : _prototype ; // class initialisation if ( object.init instanceof Function ) object.init( ) ; TNX in advance Maurice
Comment : # 92 @morriz – You are misinterpreting the code .
The init method is for class initialisation only ( see comment # 26 ) .
The snippet you are referencing deals with the initialisation of classes and single instance objects .
Comment : # 93 @dean : take a look at the following snippet of code .
it seems to me like Son.weird ( ) ; should still be a valid function .
var Pop = Base. extend ( {} , { weird : function ( ) { alert ( " Pa says ` I like bacon ' " ) ; } } ) ; var Son = Pop.extend ( ) ; Pop.weird ( ) ; //O.K. Son.weird ( ) ; // Error : weird is undefined I reckon classes should inherit instance AND static members .
According to the ECMAScript 4 proposal , “ static members are inherited from the superclass . ”
That proposal might also be helpful when defining a standard inheritance hack now , even though we ’re not yet to Javascript 2 .
Comment : # 94 @red – I thought about making static methods inherited but eventually decided against it .
I ’ll take a look at JS2 but I get the feeling the inheritance method there is slightly different .
Comment : # 95 Dean , thanx for explaining that ( again , doh ! )
But I have one other issue , which I assume must be related to my noobness : I wish to use my eventmapping klass which has an interface like this : EventMapper.addHandler( trigger , handler ) // references to functions EventMapper.dispatch ( obj , trigger ) but it seems that instantiations of objects use pointers to their original class functions and not copies of them , which makes my event dispatching fire all the time
This is intrinsic to javascript ’s prototype model I think , but I wish I could find a way to distinguish instances functions from each other …. adding a reference to the instance itself leads to the same problem , ‘ this ’ is the same everywhere ….
drama
Comment : # 96 Would n’t be nice if you could just do Vehicle={ wheels : 2 , setWheels : function ( x ) {this .wheels=x} , getWheels : function( x ) {return this .
wheels} }.classify ( ) ; Car={wheels:4}.classify ().inherit( Vehicle ) ; // This will now return 4 myCar=new Car( ) ; alert ( myCar.getWheels ( ) ) ; I think this is a pretty clean implementation of inheritance , so I ’ve written a small library to support this .
Have a look at http://www.thomasfrank.se/classy_json.html
Comment : # 100 @ Dean – I suspect you ’re not using “ awful ” as a synonym to “ great ” here .
There are a couple of other solutions to “ remove ” Object .
prototype members from for - in - loops and if - in - statements , some you might consider more elegant , but none that I found as easy to apply as this one .
Kind of suspected you would n’t give up your point of view on this one anyway , since you were the first to congratulate Eric on his unfortunate verboten standpoint .
Comment : # 101 I would love to use your libary , but LGPL seems strange for Javascript , and I ’m not quite sure how to interpret it .
I wonder if there is a different license choice you could make that would make it easier to use .
Comment : # 102 @ Chris – the next release will have an MIT license .
Comment : # 103 I ’ve been using Base with much success recently .
However , I ’ve run into a vexing problem that I was hoping someone might be able to help solve .
In the following code I ’ve set up a CustomEvent class that extends Base .
Ideally , other classes will create events internally and allow others to subscribe to them .
Not rocket science so far .
However , if you run the code below you ’ll get two alerts showing “ 1 ” , rather than a “ 1 ” for x and “ 0 ” for y , as I would have expected .
It looks like both x and y are sharing the same listeners array internally .
Have I constructed my classes incorrectly ?
Am I missing something basic ?
Any help would be much appreciated .
var Util = {} //namespace Util.
Events = {} // namespace Util.Events.CustomEvent = Base.extend ( { listeners : [ ] , subscribe : function ( listener ) { this.listeners.push( listener ) ; } , fire : function ( scope ) { this.listeners.each(function( listener ) { listener. apply ( scope , arguments ) ; } ) ; } } ) ; var x = new Util .
Events .
CustomEvent ; var y = new Util. Events.CustomEvent ; x.subscribe( function ( ) {} ) ; alert(x.listeners.length ) ; alert(y.listeners.length ) ;
Comment : # 104
Thanks , Dean , for the change to the more friendly license .
Any hints on when the next release might be ?
Justin , I would suspect your problem is the array literal you assign to listeners in the class definition , which wo n’t be dup ’ed properly by Base for the separate instances of CustomEvent .
If you set the property in the constructor , instead , it should work as expected : ... Util.Events.CustomEvent = Base.extend ( { constructor : function ( ) { this .
listeners = [ ] ; } , ...
In this case , the constructor is executed for each instance , creating two different arrays , instead of creating just one array in the block that gets passed to Base . extend .
Comment : # 105 @Chris , thanks for your help .
You are right about using a constructor .
If I change the above code to var Util = {} // namespace Util .
Events = {} // namespace Util.Events.CustomEvent = Base.extend ( { listeners : null , constructor : function ( ) { this .
listeners = [ ] ; } , subscribe : function ( listener ) { this.listeners.push( listener ) ; } , fire : function ( scope ) { this.listeners.each(function( listener ) { listener. apply ( scope , arguments ) ; } ) ; } } ) ; var x = new Util .
Events .
CustomEvent ; var y = new Util. Events.CustomEvent ; x.subscribe( function ( ) {} ) ; alert(x.listeners.length ) ; alert(y.listeners.length ) ; I get the results I expected : x has 1 listener and y has 0 .
I ’m a little sketchy on why my original method did n’t work , though .
Is this a bug or is this behavior by design ?
I fear that I ’ve been instantiating fields outside of a constructor on many of my classes that extend Base .
Any help would be much appreciated .
Comment : # 106 @ Justin – there is no real sense of “ class ” in JavaScript .
So when we define class / object properties we are merely creating an object literal .
That is why you need to initialise object properties in the constructor function .
@ Everyone – I have a lot of code to release surrounding Base .
The first package I will release will extend the JavaScript language a little : Array ( filter , map , etc )
Hash & Collection classes polymorphic with Array
RegGrp class ( collection of RegExps for powerful parsing )
Package class ( for handling namespacing )
A Module class ( like Ruby )
An Enumerable module ( like Ruby ) I want to get these classes right before releasing .
If you want an advance look then send me an email .
I cannot guarantee that the code I send you will work though .
It would just be for viewing .
Comment : # 107 I ’d love to take a look at the code .
/ Thomas
Comment : # 108 The Dojo folks have a nice page explaining their subclassing system .
Some interesting stuff regarding their mix - in ( multiple inheritance ) approach and how they handle constructors vs initializers .
Comment : # 109 I recently did a journey somewhat like yours , with a slightly different ending .
Function.prototype.inherits = function ( baseClass ) { function Blank ( ) {} this .
base = Blank.prototype = baseClass.prototype ; this .
prototype = new Blank ( ) ; this.prototype.constructor = this ; } ;
That ’s the entirety of my solution .
Sample code : // ==== Ancestor ==== function Ancestor ( ) { this .
ancestorVar = 0 ; this .instances ++ ; } Ancestor.prototype.instances = 0 ; // class variable Ancestor.prototype.toString = function ( ) { return " Ancestor " ; } ; // ==== Parent ==== function Parent ( ) { Parent.base.constructor.call( this ) ; this .parentVar = 0 ; } Parent.inherits ( Ancestor ) ; Parent.prototype.toString = function ( ) { return " Parent " ; } ; // ==== Child ==== function Child ( ) { Child.base.constructor.call( this ) ; this .objectNumber = this .
instances ; } Child.inherits ( Parent ) ; Child.prototype.toString = function ( ) { var ancestor = Child.base.toString.call ( this ) ; return ancestor + " 's Child # " + this.objectNumber ; } ;
Yes , there ’s still the prototype element , but I prefer to keep everything out in the open .
Functions and class variables are equals here .
Accessing overridden functions is a bit ugly , but again , nothing hidden .
Once you get over those two bits , I love the rest of it .
No calls to the constructor during the prototyping phase .
Very light on memory ( no redundant copies of anything during prototyping , no unnecessary closures ) .
No global functions , and no affecting Object . prototype .
The syntax is easily understandable by most automated tools .
And the only marginally - difficult function is four lines long .
Ah well .
Just felt like sharing .
Comment : # 110 [ … ]
Over the years a myriad of implementations have popped up to simplify JavaScript inheritance .
Some of the well known ones are from Douglas Crockford , Kevin Lindsey and Dean Edwards .
These are all fine implementations .
They of course differ somewhat in their capabilities and complexity . [… ]
Comment : # 111 [ … ]
There is basicly two things you need to learn .
There is a base class called Base .
to write your own class you call Base . extend with a hash that contains all the methods .
To call a superclass version of the method you just call this .
base .
Its really simple and adds just enough to help you build better code without getting in the road .
See also : Base , Another post about Base [… ]
Comment : # 112 “ Proper ” OO Inheritance for JavaScript … this is the subject of a post by juerg leny to the helma mailing list .
Juerg and Hannes attemted ( independendly ) to improve an approach by Dean Edwards .
Dean meantions a few goals : I want to easily create classes without the MyClass .
prototype cr …
Comment : # 113 MOOTOOLS kommen Erst gestern hat mich Jens auf das Banner auf der Mad4 Milk - Website aufmerksam gemacht .
Das darafhin lange ( und ausgesprochen witzige ) spekulieren , darüber was diese Tools sein könnten , hätten wir uns schon kurz danach sparen können .
Denn Valerio Pro
Comment : # 114 Mootools JavaScript Library Released Mootools JavaScript Library Released
Comment : # 115 [ … ]
Si Prototype , script.aculo.us jQuery , MooFX , Dojo , Mochikit , Rico y las demás te parecían pocas librerías Javasript para elegir , los italianos de Mad4milk ( los desarrolladores de MooFX , que a su vez sirvió de base para jQuery ) acaban de lanzar MooTools , una peque ña librería que incluye los efectos de MooFX e incorpora las utilidades de Orientación a Objetos de Prototype , con mejoras introducidas por la clase Base . js de Dean Edwards . [… ]
Comment : # 116 [ … ] mootools implements a class inheritance scheme that is inspired by Dean Edwards ’ wonderful Base class .
Creating a class is similar to Prototype , but now you do n’t ever have to think about the prototype object when you define the class : [… ]
Comment : # 117 Hi Dean , Nice work .
In your example above , I see you have : Event.add ( window , " unload " , this .closeAll , this ) ; where is Event. add defined ?
I ca n’t seem to find it in prototype.js or base .
thanks Nick
Comment : # 118 @nickfox – it is only an example .
Comment : # 119 I am using your base class and I create it like this and have an event where I capture clicks on a table and process them : var eip = new EditInPlace ( ' tasktable ' ) ; Event.observe ( $ ( ' tasktable ' ) , ' click ' , eip.taskCatchIt ) ;
In my class definition , I have a variable called editing and the method definition : var EditInPlace = Base.extend ( { constructor : function ( id ) { this .id = id ; } , id : null , editing : false , taskCatchIt : function (e ) { if ( this.editing ) return ; }
This does not work , but if I do this : taskCatchIt : function (e ) { if ( eip.editing ) return ; } it does work , but I cannot hardcode the object name into my code , is there a proper way of doing it ?
thanks Nick
Comment : # 120
Ok , I figured it out , I put the Event.observe into the constructor : Event.observe ( $ ( this.id ) , ' click ' , this.taskCatchIt.bind ( this ) ) ; and it worked .
Dean , what blog software do you use , I really like the way this works .
thanks Nick
Comment : # 121 @nickfox – I use a hacked version of WordPress with a comment preview / validation plugin ( also hacked ) .
The syntax highlighting module I wrote myself .
Comment : # 122 Hello ,
This is my case for adding two lines to your already excellent Base.js .
In re-reading this I see it has got rather long , but hopefully not tedious .
I ’ve spent a while reading through Base.js and it certainly accomplishes the 6 points you set out in the introductory article .
I however , would have added another requirement – that every constructor in the inheritance chain is called when instantiating an object .
The constructor of a class generally does setting - up work that is essential for the other methods in that class to work .
The constructor is particularly important in JavaScript since there is no formal language equivalent of member variables and initializer blocks , so the constructor is the only chance we have to ensure that member variables are created and appropriately initialized .
Take the following example : var Animal = Base. extend ( { constructor : function ( name ) { this .
name = name ; } , getName : function ( ) { return this .
name ; } } ) ; var Mouse = Animal.extend ( { constructor : function ( name , holeLocation ) { alert ( " the mouse called ' " + this.getName( ) + " ' lives " + holeLocation ) ; } } ) ; var m = new Mouse ( " squeek " , " under the stairs " ) ; // alerts : " the mouse called ' undefined ' lives under the stairs "
In Base.js as it stands , ‘ m ’ is not a proper Animal , because Mouse.constructor forgets to call Animal.constructor , and therefore m.getName ( ) is broken .
The designers of Java realised this and enforced that the superclass constructor is called at the start of any constructor , so that the constructor can rely on properties of the superclass being correctly initialized .
We are currently working on a very large JavaScript system in which this is a frequent problem .
Here is a slight modification to Base .js that accomplishes the same .
Were it my library ( and it is n’t :-) ) it would be the default behaviour with no way to remove it .
People can always take behaviour out of the constructor and put it into a static factory function if they do n’t want it to be inherited by subclasses : // from Base.extend : // create the wrapper for the constructor function var _super = this ; var klass = function ( ) { _super.apply ( this , arguments ) ; if (!Base._prototyping ) constructor.apply ( this , arguments ) ; this .constructor = klass ; } ;
There are of course disadvantages to this – in particular , Mouse .
constructor cannot alter the parameters being passed onto Animal.constructor .
Since there is no simple way to discover if Mouse. constructor calles this .
base ( ) , if it does then Animal .
constructor will be called twice : var Mouse = Animal.extend ( { constructor : function ( name , holeLocation ) { this .
base ( name + ' mousie ! ' ) ; // this calls Animal.constructor for the second time alert ( " the mouse called ' " + this.getName( ) + " ' lives " + holeLocation ) ; } } ) ; A small price to pay I would say .
What are your thoughts ?
Have a nice day …
Bernie
Comment : # 123 @Bernie –
Thanks for the suggestion but I think I prefer Base the way it is .
You can already inherit the previous constructor function by calling this .
base ( ) .
This is more flexible in that :
You can choose to ignore the previous constructor
You can add / alter the arguments passed to the previous constructor
You can call the previous constructor before or after additional initialisation
Comment : # 124 [… ]
Inanzitutto volevo qualcosa che mi rendesse facile la programmazione Object Oriented in Javascript visto che non è proprio così immediata ( un po ’ nello stile Perl ) .
Avendo sentito parlare bene di Base .js ho deciso di provarla e devo dire che mi ha risparmiato un bel po ’ di lavoro rendendo il codice molto più pulito . [… ]
Comment : # 125 Die MOOTOOLS haben jetzt ein Wiki Wie der MOOTOOLS - Entwickler Valerio Proietti in seinem Blog mad4 milk schreibt , hat er zur Dokumentation seines JavaScript - Frameworks ein Wiki aufgesetzt .
Mit der Befüllung desselbigen hat er ebenfalls schon begonnen .
Herausgekommen sind hierbei bereits :
G
Comment : # 126 [ … ]
First off , of the half dozen or so requirements that Dean Edwards puts on his Base .js implementation I admittedly only agree with two of them – and you should see why at the end of this post .
Those two are : I want to avoid calling a class ’ constructor function during the prototyping phase I want to achieve the above without affecting Object .
prototype [… ]
Comment : # 127 Pragmatic OOP in JavaScript Part 2 :
To prototype or not to prototype
My recent post on object orientation in JavaScript has resulted in some quite interesting comments .
Good
Comment : # 128 [ … ]
A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance ( tags : Javascript prototype oop ) [… ]
Comment : # 129 [ … ]
Inheritance has long been a pain in the side of Object - Oriented Javascript developers .
Prototype tried hard with it ’s initial offering of Object .
prototype.extend , but ultimately fell back to the ugly Object . extend that ’s created a bit of madness .
However , MooTools uses a spinoff of Dean Edward ’s Base.js .
This fixes access to overridden methods and supports a nice clean syntax : [… ]
Comment : # 130 [ … ] תכ� ות מכוון אובייקטים ( OOP ) כמעט מלא ( עד איפה ש - JS מאפשר ) , תמיכה בהורשה , הסתרת מתודות , קריאה למתודות האב , קריאה לב� אי האב וב� אים .
מה שבJS היה יחסית מסובך לעשות עד עתה ( בספריי ת Prototype המימוש לא היה מלא כמו עכשיו ) .
הכל תודות לדין אדוורדס ומחלקת ה- Base שלו . [… ]
Comment : # 131 [ … ] תמיכה בOOP – שדרוג הדרך שבה הספרייה יוצרת מחלקה לאופן שאות ו
Dean Edwards כתב במחלקת ה- Base שלו תוך כדי שמירה על קו� ספט ה- Ruby ’s way שקיים ב- Prototype . [… ]
Comment : # 132 Looks pretty interesting !
Would be great if I get it to work on firecat .
And I think LGPL is ok ! ;)
Comment : # 133 [ …]
Of course it uses Prototype , it uses Scriptaculous effects.js and builder .js as well but I will try to make this dependancy optional later , and finally it uses Base .js to easily and nicely create OOP due to lake of simple tool in Prototype yet ( they plan to integrate Base approach on v2 of Prototype ) .
Actually scriptaculous effects.js is now optional . [… ]
Comment : # 134 I am trying to extend the Array object using Base . for example : Base ( Array ) ; testA = Array.extend ( { _message : null , initialize : function ( message ) { this .
base ( message ) ; this .
_message = message ; } , showMessage : function ( ) { alert ( this ._message ) ; } } ) ; When I instantiate the object the showMessage ( ) function is not a method of the object ?
Am I making a mistake , or can I not extend built - in objects ?
Comment : # 135 [ … ]
Base ++.js.zip — includes my custom Base ++.js , diagram.html , and an example inheritance diagram and Javascript .
Dean Edwards ’ original Base.js page GraphViz [… ]
Comment : # 136 [ … ]
The base2 core library is also quite useful in its own way .
It includes things like my Base class and enumeration methods .
I ’ll document this library sometime in the future ( it ’s only little ) .
For the time being I am only supporting the base2.DOM module and even then only if you are using the bind ( ) method that I ’ve demonstrated here . [… ]
Comment : # 137 [ … ]
A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance ( tags : javascript inheritance ) [… ]
Comment : # 138 I love Base .js – its great .
Thanks so much for creating it .
I ’m using it with Mochikit and its a really good complimentary script .
Cheers Guy
Comment : # 139 Works of FF but I can not get it working with IE 7 , any advise ?
Comment : # 140 Sorry !
i got it working … just changed the “ language ” to “ Javascript1.
3 ”
Comment : # 141 [ … ]
A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance [… ]
Comment : # 142 This looks interesting – and nicely explained .
Has anyone benchmarked it ?
Do you know how it compares to using regular js prototyping ( initial script loading that is ) .
I have a lot of code with inheritance etc , and trying to optimize so page load times shorten .
I stumbled across this site looking for a way to stop constructors being called during the prototyping phase .
They really add up when you have a large base of classes that leverage each other .
But I suspect the overhead of this “ Base class ” approach , in passing objects and looping through them , will outweigh any benefits wrt load times .
Anyone ?
P.S. Firebug ’s console.time ( ) and console.timeEnd( ) are super - handy at measuring script loading times .
Maybe I ’ll try measuring it when I find time .
Thanks for posting this .
Comment : # 143
Base is optimised for fast instantiation not for fast class building .
Comment : # 144 [ … ]
Justin Palmer and Dean Edwards have already talked a lot about this , but I thought I ’d take a stab at it .
What we need is an easy way to create classes , create subclasses , and add properties and methods to classes .
And , as Sam Stephenson mentions on his blog , we need it to be simple and backwards compatible .
The current Prototype implementation of class creation follows : var Class = { create : function ( ) { return function ( ) { return this.initialize.apply ( this , arguments ) ; } } } [ … ]
Comment : # 145 [ … ]
Dags för mig och skriva en liten rad eller två .
Eller fler .
Allt kanske inte är helt relevant , men jag tänkte att det kunde vara kul med lite onödigt vetande också .
Det bibliotek jag valt för Wobis heter allts å
MooTools och har inspirerats av bland annat Prototype och Dean Edwards ’ Base .
MooTools var från grunden bara moo.fx , ett grymt litet effektbibliotek som krävde [ 1 ] just Prototype för att fungera . [… ]
Comment : # 146 [… ]
I had a hard time understanding basic classes in JavaScript and the tutorials I found all got way to bogged down in useless fluff , so I thought I ’d put up this no-nonsense example of a JavaScript class .
Expect a version using Base .js once I learn that way . [… ]
Comment : # 147 [ … ]
http://dean.edwards.name/weblog/2006/03/base/
“ I ’ve created a JavaScript class ( Base.js ) that I hope eases the pain of JavaScript OO .
It ’s a simple class and extends the Object object by adding two instance methods and one class method .
” Tags : javascript , oop , programming , inheritance , library , oo , api , class ( del.icio.us history ) if ( typeof window .
Delicious == “ undefined ” ) window .
Delicious = {} ; Delicious .
BLOGBADGE_MANUAL_MODE
= true ; [… ]
Comment : # 148 hi dean , i love your base.js .
i got it working in mozilla very fine .
but in ie6 i always get error - message : “ my_object is undefined ” .
the ie really does n’t like this simple example .
the mozilla does n’t make any problem ( even with “ real ” - code ) .
is that known ?
although i do n’t assume the fantastic base .js was n’t written just only for mozilla ?
greetings chris
Comment : # 149 @ Chris – if you show me the code that is giving you trouble I ’d be glad to help .
You can mail me it to me using my contact form .
Comment : # 150 i tried to append some example - code , but i’m not allowed to paste it ( although i wrap it into pre and the validator like it ) .
so i pasted the code here : http://pastie.caboo.se/85313 greetings chris
Comment : # 151 @ Chris – you are calling new foo ( ) before you have defined foo .
Comment : # 152 maybe my pasting was misleading .
i included the application .js in the header .
so the class - declaration is available .
so the first part of the example is located in the application .js ( included js - file ) and the part with “ on the page ” is following .
Comment : # 153 hi dean , unfortunately still do n’t get it running on ie .
i really have no idea why .
i assume base .js should work with ie ?
you also can write my email .
i think you have it .
i would be very thankful helping me ( i made some effort with a class , when i realised this problem ) .
greetings chris
Comment : # 154 [ … ]
Pretty nice .
No VB and some decent OOP happening in ASP .
It is however limited to this page but if I were to write a small framework or use something like Dean Edwards base and include it on each page of the project it is a , to me anyways , an exceptable compromise . [… ]
Comment : # 155 [ … ]
Lisans MIT - style license .
MooTools Telif Hakkı copyright © 2007 Valerio Proietti , http://mad4milk.net
MooTools Hakkında - Class çok az bir kısm ı Base . js ’yi temel alır .
http://dean.edwards.name/weblog/2006/03/base/
© 2006 Dean Edwards , Lisans http://creativecommons.org/licenses/LGPL/2.1/
- Birçok fonksiyon prototype.js den esinlenerek oluşturulmuştur .
http://prototype.conio.net/
© 2005 Sam Stephenson sam@conio.net , MIT - style license - Belgelendirme Aaron Newton(aaron.newton@cnet.com ) and Valerio Proietti tarafından yapılmıştır . [… ]
Comment : # 156 [ …]
Dean Edwards ’
Base базовые классы и наследование в JavaScript . [… ]
Comment : # 157 Nice work Dean I miss some functionallities though .
It would be nice to be able to get the base ’s base function .
Something equivalent to : this .base. base () Implement ( ) is a good solution but you might want to be able to know if an object implements something .
obj.implements ( Bird ) true / false Animal –> Fish –> Flying Fish[ implement ( Bird ) ]
my Fish instanceof Animal -> true
myFlying Fish instanceof Animal -> true
myFlying Fish instanceof Bird -> false
myFlyingFish.implements ( Bird ) -> true
And maybe there could be a solution for overloading ( not overriding ) .
You probably need to add som sort of test expression for the arguments when you overload a method .
If the exression does not return true , use the original method as default .
Cat.overload (/ methodname/ , /testexpression / , /method / )
Cat.overload( eat , arguments.length>0 , function ( food ) {alert ( … ) } )
Cat.eat ( ) would not be the same as Cat.eat ( mouse )
I ’ll test it some more and see if I can come up with anything else that ’s missing / Johan
Comment : # 158 I ’ll test it some more and see if I can come up with anything else that ’s missing
There is nothing “ missing ” .
Base is a simple class to add inheritance to JavaScript .
Nothing more .
I ’m not trying to turn JavaScript into a full OO language .
There really is no need .
Comment : # 159 [ … ]
Mootools mad4milk tarafından geliştirile dursun kökeninde farklı kullan ıcıların scriptleri yatmaktadır ve bunlar optimize edilerek ortaya çıkmıştır .
Örneğin core.js yani çekirdek scripti base .js adında ve Dean Edwards ’a ait bir scriptten az da olsa yaralanmıştır bunun dışında prototype.js ‘den çok esinlenlenmiştir .
Şimdi ise daha da genişleyen bir kütüphane olması nedeniyle daha fazla optimize edilmiş scriptten yaralanmaktadır . [… ]
Comment : # 160 [ … ]
Dean Edwards ist ein weiterer Name , den man sich merken sollte .
Mit Base hat er eine wunderbare Vererbungsgrundklasse geschrieben , die schöne OO Vererbung ermöglicht und voraussichtlich auch in Prototype 2.0 enthalten sein wird .
Ebenfalls einen Blick wert ist cssQuery , welches auch Abfragen im jQuery - Stil ermöglicht . [… ]
Comment : # 161 hi dean , i used your base.js and i’m very happy , that you created it .
i use it in rails ( that means i also include prototype.js ) .
in IE and gecko - browser all is fine .
the only issue i have is in opera .
not a bad one , but ugly .
everytime a page is rendered the base .js calls an undefined rails - controller - action .
nothing happens ( so it ’s not bad ) , but my logfiles are full of that ugly message ( action not found etc … ) .
when i exclude the base .js the opera does not this kind of unexplainable behaviour .
but i really like the base.js ….
so maybe you can explain me , how to prevent this opera - behaviour ?
Comment : # 162 [ … ]
In this post I will be discussing how one can achieve Class Hierarchy and Data Encapsulation in JScript . [… ]
Comment : # 163 [ … ]
First off , it improves performance substantially over the initial release by inspecting method definitions to find out if they use this .
_super .
If they do n’t , they can be inserted straight into the class ’ prototype without being wrapped in a _super - generating function .
I believe Prototype and Base do something similar , though Inheritance seems not to . [… ]
Comment : # 164 [ … ]
There is one design decision in JS .
Class that sets it aside from all the other inheritance libraries I looked at ( Prototype , Base and Inheritance ) .
With all those libraries , super means “ the previous version of this method in this class ” , rather than “ the current version of this method in the parent class ” .
Now , if you ’ve just built a class by inheriting from a parent class and then overwriting some of its methods , those two definitions amount to the same thing . [… ]
Comment : # 165 [ … ]
November 20 , 2007
In early 2006 Dean Edwards began a little project called Base .
This was he first attempt to ease the pain of developing Object Oriented JavaScript .
I want a nice base class for JavaScript OO : [… ]
Comment : # 166 [ … ]
In early 2006 Dean Edwards began a little project called Base .
This was he first attempt to ease the pain of developing Object Oriented JavaScript .
I want a nice base class for JavaScript OO : [… ]
Comment : # 167 [ … ]
A mechanism for inheritance [… ]
Comment : # 168 [ … ]
A mechanism for inheritance [… ]
Comment : # 169 [ … ]
A while back I published my Base class for JavaScript inheritance .
There have been a few more solutions to inheritance since then and most of the major JavaScript libraries contain an implementation of some kind . [… ]
Comment : # 170 Do n’t feel unloved , Dean .
|base| is an excellent choice for the name given that no name is going to be perfect for this situation .
I ’ve been using |getSuper| in Chiron , but there ’s no question that it ’s ugly .
The only problem with |base| is that it implies that you ’re actually getting * the* base instance ( the eldest ancestor , nominally | Object| ) .
Whatever ; |base| is succinct , brief , and certainly good enough .
Comment : # 171 [ … ]
Since we use Dean Edwards ’
Base library for our inheritance the JSDoc out of the box would n’t work without commenting explicit method name and memberOf attribute – which , in my view , defeats the point . [… ]
Comment : # 172 Hello Dean .
Sorry , I do n’t speak English very well .
JavaScript " like Java " var ClassA = Class.create ( " ClassA " , function ( ) { var value = " value : A " ; this .getValue = function ( ) { return value ; } ; this .
$$ constructor = function ( ) { } ; } ) ; var ClassB = Class.extend ( " ClassB " , ClassA , function ( ) { var value = " value : B " ; this .getValue = function ( ) { return value + this .$ $super [0].getValue( ) ; } ; this .
$$ constructor = function ( ) { } ; } ) ; var instB = new ClassB ( ) ; alert ( instB.getValue ( ) ) ; // value : B value : A
You can see more examples in JSimpleClass Bye .
Comment : # 173 [… ]
Az osztályok hiánya javascriptben nem kifejezetten érzékelhető , mivel minden objektum használható class - ként .
Bővebben erről Dean Edwards blogjáról tudhattok meg , én itt , ebben a sorozatban nem térek erre ki külön .
Az Ext OOP éppen ezt a javascript tulajdonságot használja ki . [… ]
Comment : # 174 [ … ]
Az osztályok hiánya javascriptben nem kifejezetten érzékelhető , mivel minden objektum használható class - ként .
Bővebben erről Dean Edwards blogjáról tudhattok meg , én itt , ebben a sorozatban nem térek erre ki külön .
Az Ext OOP éppen ezt a javascript tulajdonságot használja ki . [… ]
Comment : # 175 [… ]
Some recent experiments with Dean Edward ’s excellent Base javascript library has given me an insight into how we can speed up the development of the typical user interface components that we are asked to include in our projects ; ones such as tooltips , popups and draggable windows . [… ]
Comment : # 176 Dean , Outstanding result !
Especially the base function .
Without this to provide proper inheritance javascript objects would be pointless .
Congrats
Comment : # 177 [ … ]
http://dean.edwards.name/weblog/2006/03/base/
“ I ’ve created a JavaScript class ( Base.js ) that I hope eases the pain of JavaScript OO .
It ’s a simple class and extends the Object object by adding two instance methods and one class method . ” [… ]
Comment : # 178 [ … ] 类式继承 ：Douglas Crockford的模拟函数 Dean 的Base 库 [… ]
Comment : # 179 [… ]
* Class is slightly based on Base .js http://dean.edwards.name/weblog/2006/03/base/
© 2006 Dean Edwards , License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/LGPL/2.1/
*
Some functions are inspired by those found in prototype.js http://prototype.conio.net/
© 2005 Sam Stephenson sam [ at ] conio [ dot ] net , MIT - style license * Documentation by Aaron Newton ( aaron.newton [ at ] cnet [ dot ] com ) and Valerio Proietti . [… ]
Comment : # 180 [ … ]
* Class is slightly based on Base .js http://dean.edwards.name/weblog/2006/03/base/
© 2006 Dean Edwards , License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/LGPL/2.1/
*
Some functions are inspired by those found in prototype.js http://prototype.conio.net/
© 2005 Sam Stephenson sam [ at ] conio [ dot ] net , MIT - style license * Documentation by Aaron Newton ( aaron.newton [ at ] cnet [ dot ] com ) and Valerio Proietti . [… ]
Comment : # 181 [ … ]
In early 2006 Dean Edwards began a little project called Base .
This was he first attempt to ease the pain of developing Object Oriented JavaScript .
I want a nice base class for JavaScript OO : [… ]
Comment : # 182 Hi , I have tried an different techniques related to JavaScript inheritance subject .
The code and the explanation are to long to post them here so if anyone is interested to take a look over it you can find it at http://www.dotnetcaffe.net under JavaScript category .
Fell free to criticize the code in any way you want … just do n’t flame :) .
Comment : # 183 [ … ]
Class ini tergantung dengan script saya terdahulu , yaitu Class FError dan Clone Array .
Oh ya , hampir lupa tergantung pula dengan Base .js buah karya Dean Edward [… ]
Comment : # 184 [ … ] inheritance pattern to simplify subclassing ( you could use a fancier one like Dean Edward ’s Base , or manipulate prototypes [… ]
Comment : # 185 [ … ] понравились менее всего = ) : это реализации в Prototype.js и в Base2 . В обоих способах нельзя вызвать “ друго й ” мето д [… ]
Comment : # 186 [ … ]
A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance – Dean Edwards [… ]
Comment : # 187 Interestingly I notice orders of magnitude difference in speed between your current version ( 1.1 and an older version 1.0.1 ) if you do not use the new keyword when creating objects .
I ran some speed differences between the two testing object creation : for ( var i=0 ; i<10000 ; i++) { var cir = Circle ( 50,50,5 ) ; } Results : Base version 1.0.1 1.1
Timings per browser ( in ms ) Firefox 3.0.3 280 910 IE 7 640 844 Opera 9.52 60 250 Safai 3.1.2 125 313 Chrome 265 509
Comment : # 188 Brilliant resource you have on this site !
Simply magnificent !
I have now bookmarked this page and also subscribed to your RSS .
You are a great ‘ teacher ’ Evans http://www.jroller.com/evans
Comment : # 189 Dean ,
You enlightened me .
Great thank you !
Comment : # 190 Dean , I was trying to create a single instance class by copying your example ( although I changed Math to Math2 since Math already exists ) and I receive the following error : constructor is null .
Has anyone else had this problem ?
I tried creating my own object as well and had the same problem .
Comment : # 191 Dean , the link to the Base .js file is pointing to your old .name domain .
Comment : # 192 [ … ]
A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance – Dean Edwards [… ]
Comment : # 193 i am no expert in javascript … i am doing a video gallery with flowplayer flash file … it comes with a javascript .
My mark - up shows these line : $ ( function ( ) { // setup player $ f ( “ player ” , “ swf/flowplayer -3.1.4.swf ” , { clip : { baseUrl : ‘ http://blip.tv/file/get’} // playlist plugin }).playlist (“ #playlist ” ) ; } ) ; my problem is , i have my flv files and it does n’t show in the player container since it has a base URL for the flv clips … i wo n’t use that URL … how can I override that ?
Comment : # 194 [ … ]
Base - Klasse von Dean Edwards kümmerte sich um [… ]
Comment : # 195 [ … ]
Base [… ]
Comment : # 196 Hi Dean , I did not find any mentions of the changes concerning “ Single Instance ” functionality in follow - ups to this post ( I believe there were two of them since this original post ) .
But it seems this special handling of the constructor : null which is described above was removed at some point along the way .
And it did not make it into base2 variant either .
At least currently the code does not produce “ static class ” as it is mentioned in some comment above , just ordinary class with instance members which cannot be instantiated because it throws an exception on attempt to create an instance .
Comment : # 197 [ … ] proof of concept .
A big change was needed and while I had considered using a small library like Dean Edward ’s Base or John Resig ’s Simple JavaScript Inheritance pattern to add class - based inheritance to [ … ]
Comment : # 198 [ … ] that Base.js also supports class methods and Resig 's code is a tiny bit shorter .
Base.js : http://dean.edwards.name/weblog/…Simple JS
Inheritance : http://ejohn.org/blog/simple-jav…Your code in either case ends up looking [… ]
Comment : # 199 [ … ]
Do n’t search any more : Dean Edwards : A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance [… ]
Comment : # 200 [ … ] of the biggest advantages we ’ve gained is by incorporating base.js .
It ’s been a major part of all of our mobile [… ]
Comment : # 201 [ … ] was invented .
From Crock ’s explanation on prototypal inheritance to Dean ’s Base one and two , from Prototype ’s Class to Mootool ’s Class , and from debunking objects to [… ]
Comment : # 202 I ’m playing around with using this in the module pattern .
Are there any drawbacks to doing the following ?
Namespace .
Class1 = ( function ( ) { var test = " test " ; function getTest ( ) { console.log ( test ) ; } // reveal public / inheritable methods return Base. extend ( { getTest : getTest } ) ; } ( ) ) ; Namespace .
Class2 = ( function ( ) { var anotherTest = " anotherTest " ; function getAnotherTest ( ) { console.log( anotherTest ) ; } // inherit , override , reveal return Namespace.Class1.extend ( { getAnotherTest : getAnotherTest , // OVERRIDES getTest : function ( ) { this .base ( ) ; console.log
( " This is getTest override " ) ; } } ) ; } ( ) ) ;
Comment : # 203 [ … ]
Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance ( http://dean.edwards.name/weblog/2006/03/base/ [… ]
Comment : # 204 [ … ] as small scripts ( say less than 5 kb of code ) for handling very specific tasks from templating to inheritance to animation .
With the common JavaScript frameworks increasing in size with every release people [… ]
Comment : # 205 [… ] while I am well aware that the web is filled with various implementations of classical ( i.e. class - based ) object orientation in JavaScript , I can not help [… ]
Comment : # 206 I ’ve just finished writing yet another class inheritance library called klass.js .
It supports public , protected and private methods , auto - creation of getters and setters , abstract classes and methods , final methods , static members , multiple inheritance and calls to super …
Curious to know what you think about it …
Some example syntax : // Class definitions var Animal = klass ( function Animal ( ) { _public ( move , bite ) ; var name ; var _constructor = function ( n ) { name = n } ; var move = function ( meters ) { alert ( name + ' moved ' + meters + ' m.') } ; var bite = function ( ) { alert ( name + ' bites ! ' ) ; } ; } ) ; var Snake = klass ( function Snake ( ) { _extends ( Animal ) ; var move = function ( ) { alert ( ' Slithering ' ) ; _super ( 5 ) ; } ; var bite = function ( ) { alert ( name + ' attacks with a venomous bite ! ' ) ; } ; } ) ; var Horse = klass ( function Horse ( ) { _extends ( Animal ) ; var move = function ( ) { alert ( ' Galloping ' ) ; _super ( 45 ) ; } ; } ) ; // Create some instances and call their methods var sam = new Snake ( ' Sammy the Python ' ) ; var tom = new Horse ( ' Tommy the Palomino ' ) ; sam.move ( ) ; sam.bite ( ) ; tom.move ( ) ; tom.bite ( ) ;
Comment : # 207
I ’m trying to make private functions with Base.js , but they does n’t work as expected ( it ’s obviously my fault ! ) ’ cause I wrote something like : var MyChild = MyParent.extend ({ /** * @constructor * @param params */ constructor: function ( params ) { this .base ( params ) ; function myPrivateFunction ( name ) { return " Hello " .concat ( name ) ; } } , myPublicFunction : function ( name ) { return myPrivateFunction ( name ) ; } } can you give an advice , please ?
@ Thomas I read your post it ’s very interesting !
I ’ll try to use it asap and I ’ll give you a feedback , thanks !
Comment : # 208 [ … ] to forcing JavaScript inheritance to behave like other , more natively - OOP languages , from Dean Edwards Base.js , to John Resig 's take on it , to the approaches used by Prototype.js and MooTools ( my personal [ … ]
Comment : # 209 [ … ] base by dean edwards [… ]
Comment : # 210 [ … ] [… ]
Comment : # 211 [ … ] to develop a rather complex JavaScript tool .
Although I need functionality like AJAX and preferably OOP - like inheritance , I do not want to decide on a library like jQuery or Prototype in favor of the user ( here : website [… ]
Comment : # 213 [ … ] because two properties can’t have the same name ( color in the above example ) under strict mode .
While this seems like a glaring error , in some cases such as a mistake is not necessary easy to spot if the object literal is huge .
This is a typical situation when you use various frameworks to implement an object using class - like construct . [… ]
Comment : # 215 Great work you have here .
Is there a way to make factory methods on the class ?
Comment : # 216 Good work Dean .
Is there any way to define private variables ?
And can you explain a little about how to use implement method .
Thanks in advance
Comment : # 217 I tryed to make protected datas with Base.js .
But it was necessary to modify Base .js slightly .
Base .js line 30 , and after line 31 . // create the wrapper for the constructor function // var constructor = proto.constructor.valueOf ( ) ; //- dean var constructor = proto.constructor ; var klass = proto.constructor = function ( ) { if (! Base._prototyping ) { if ( this .
_constructing || this .constructor == klass ) { // instantiation this .
_constructing = true ; var ret = constructor. apply ( this , arguments ) ; //
Catch the result .
delete this .
_constructing ; return ret ; //
Return the result } else if ( arguments [ 0 ] != null ) { // casting return ( arguments [ 0 ] . extend || extend ).call( arguments [0 ] , proto ) ; } } } ; Example : use protected datas .
function createValueAccessor( initial_value ) { var currentValue = initial_value ; return function ( newValue ) { if ( arguments. length == 0 ) return currentValue ; else return currentValue = newValue ; } ; } var Foo = Base.
extend ( { constructor : function ( ) { //
Define protected datas var protected_a = createValueAccessor ( 100 ) ; var protected_b = createValueAccessor( 200 ) ; this .
extend ( { printA : function ( ) { alert ( protected_a ( ) ) ; } , printB : function ( ) { alert ( protected_b ( ) ) ; } } ) ; return { protected_a : protected_a , protected_b : protected_b } ; } } ) ; var Bar = Foo.extend ( { constructor : function ( ) { var base = this .
base ( ) ; this .
extend ( { print : function ( ) { // Use protected datas alert ( base.protected_a( ) + base.protected_b( ) ) ; } } ) ; } } ) ; var bar = new Bar ( ) ; bar.print ( ) ; // -> " 300 " How about this ?
Comment : # 218 Hi Dean , I have bookmarked this page as it is a bit of history .
The modern JS framework MooTools is partly inspired by this post of yours from 2006 .
Cheers ,
Thatch
Comment : # 219 [ … ] as full documentation .
I should also give a shout out to Dean Edwards for his JavaScript library Base , which is very awesome and I have used as the base for the [ … ]
Comment : # 220 [ … ] part of it here ( after , if you ’re interested in finding out more , check out out his site for a few posts about [… ]
Comment : # 221
So is there no way to define a singleton using the Base code ?
Comment : # 222 [ … ]
A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance ：JS 大师 Dean Edwards 实现的 Base.js。 [… ]
Comment : # 223 [… ]
I would take a look at YUI , and at Dean Edward ’s Base library : http://dean.edwards.name/weblog/2006/03/base/ [… ]
Comment : # 224 I have inherited code that uses your code .
I have the job of unit testing the code .
Everything works fine .
What I am having trouble with is spying on the call this .
base , as I have already tested the base code and do n’t want to have to test it again for each method that calls this .
base .
Do you have any suggestions ?
Comment : # 225 [ … ]
Dean Edwards – A Base Class for JavaScript Inheritance http://dean.edwards.name/weblog/2006/03/base/
Prototype http://www.prototypejs.org/learn/class-inheritance Mootools [… ]
Comments are closed .
Home A Stepper for Scheme Macros A Stepper for Scheme Macros .
Ryan Culpepper , Matthias Felleisen .
In this paper , we present a macro debugger with full support for modern Scheme macros .
To construct the debugger , we have extended the macro expander so that it issues a series of expansion events .
A parser turns these event streams into derivations in a natural semantics for macro expansion .
From these derivations , the debugger extracts a reduction - sequence ( stepping ) view of the expansion .
A programmer can specify with simple policies which parts of a derivation to omit and which parts to show .
Last but not least , the debugger includes a syntax browser that graphically displays the various pieces of information that the expander attaches to syntactic tokens .
Another paper from the Scheme workshop .
Apart from being a nice exercise for macro lovers , a good macro debugger is essential for lowering the barrier to macro programming .
Since macro programming is an important technique for building DSELs and for language oriented programming in general , having better macro debugging facilities is a Good Thing .
Tucker Carlson gets honest about what he says the Republican elites feel about the Extreme Christian Right .
Download - WMP Download -QT
Duncan :
CARLSON : It goes deeper than that though .
The deep truth is that the elites in the Republican Party have pure contempt for the evangelicals who put their party in power .
Everybody in ...
MATTHEWS : How do you know that ?
How do you know that ?
CARLSON : Because I know them .
Because I grew up with them .
Because I live with them .
They live on my street .
Because I live in Washington , and I know that everybody in our world has contempt for the evangelicals .
And the evangelicals know that , and they 're beginning to learn that their own leaders sort of look askance at them and do n't share their values .
MATTHEWS :
So this gay marriage issue and other issues related to the gay lifestyle are simply tools to get elected ?
CARLSON : That 's exactly right .
It 's pandering to the base in the most cynical way , and the base is beginning to figure it out
I ’ve been spending three days of each week shooting my new TV series , “ It ’s All Geek to Me , ” which will be airing on two of the farm - team Discovery channels starting in February .
( It ’s slated for Discovery HD and Discovery Times , which may have a new name by the time the show airs . )
One episode is all about cellphones , and how to fight back when you ’re feeling overwhelmed and bilked by the carriers .
We dug up the following delicious money - saving keystrokes for each of the four big carriers .
First : the keystroke that interrupts a voicemail message .
It does n’t just cut short the “ Hi , this is Casey , I ’m not here right now ” message–it also eliminates the TWELVE - SECOND digital lady who says , in an effort to run up your bill : “ When you ’re finished recording , you may hang up , or press 1 for more options ” ( and so on ) .
Every time you use this keystroke , you ’re saving yourself money .
Verizon or Cingular : press *
Sprint : press 1
T- Mobile : press #
( Of course , you have to know which carrier your friend uses , so you know which keystroke to use ! )
Second : the keystroke that reveals how many of your allotted anytime minutes you ’ve used up so far this month , so you wo n’t inadvertently go over the limit and rack up insane bills .
Three of the carriers use variations of the dialed - out word MIN ( short for minutes , get it ? ) , but there are subtle variations in the preceding and following keystroke :
Verizon : dial # 646
T- Mobile : dial # 646 #
Cingular : dial * 646 #
Sprint : *4
I swear–if I had a nickel for every penny I ’ve saved my readers …
UC Berkeley Press Release
Researchers develop technique to use dirty silicon , could pave way for cheaper solar energy
– A research team led by engineers at the University of California , Berkeley , has developed a new technique to handle metal defects in low - grade silicon , an advance that could dramatically reduce the cost of solar cells .
Nearly 90 percent of solar , or photovoltaic , cells in the world are made from a refined , highly purified form of silicon , the same material used to make integrated circuits .
The growth of the semiconductor and solar cell industries has put increasing pressure on relatively limited supplies of this high - quality silicon , consequently driving up the price of the material .
( Image courtesy Tonio Buonassisi / UC Berkeley )
Attempts to use the far more abundant and cheaper form of silicon - one that is laden with metal impurities and defects - have failed because solar cells made from this material do not perform as well .
In addition , manufacturing techniques used to remove impurities are expensive , negating the cost benefits of using the cheaper material .
" We have proposed a new approach to the use of dirty silicon , " said Eicke Weber , UC Berkeley professor of materials science and engineering , principal investigator of the Center for Advanced Materials at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( LBNL ) , and principal investigator of this research project .
" Instead of taking the impurities out , we can leave them in but manipulate them in a way that reduces their detrimental impact on the solar cell efficiency . "
Other UC Berkeley researchers on the project are Tonio Buonassisi , a Ph.D. student in the Graduate Group in Applied Science and Technology , and Andrei Istratov , assistant research engineer , both of whom are also affiliated with LBNL .
Also on the team are Matthew Marcus at LBNL's Advanced Light Source , Barry Lai and Zhonghou Cai at Argonne National Laboratory 's Advanced Photon Source , and Steven Heald at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory .
The researchers say the findings , published Aug. 14 in the journal Nature Materials , could dramatically reduce the cost of solar cells by making the use of cheaper materials feasible .
" Solar energy is often touted as the most promising and secure alternative energy source , capable of reducing our dependence on foreign fuels while reducing the emission of dangerous gases that harm world climate , " said Weber .
" The current worldwide growth rate of photovoltaics is 30 to 45 percent per year , which is nothing short of amazing .
However , the solar energy industry could grow much faster if researchers and manufacturers could further reduce the cost of solar cells . "
The team analyzed how metal contaminants in silicon respond to different types of processing using highly sensitive synchrotron X - Ray microprobes capable of detecting metal clusters as small as 30 nanometers .
The researchers found that the nano - sized defects scattered throughout the silicon limited the average distance electrons were able to travel before losing their energy .
The longer the distance , known as the minority carrier diffusion length , the greater the energy conversion efficiency of the material .
" We found that one way of managing these nano - sized metal defects is to round them up into large groups so that they are less disruptive to the electrons , " said Buonassisi .
" Compare the metal particles to having hundreds of horses scattered loose on the streets of Berkeley .
They would be very disruptive to traffic .
But if we corralled the horses together in one pen , people and traffic could move around them more freely . "
The researchers found that they were able to manipulate the distribution of the metal impurities by varying the cooling rate of the silicon .
When the material is cooled quickly , the metal defects are quickly locked in a scattered distribution .
By simply slowing down the cooling rate , the metal impurities diffused into large clusters .
" Using this cooling technique , we were able to improve the distance electrons could travel by a factor of four compared with dirty silicon that had been left unaltered , " said Buonassisi .
" Although this is still not as efficient as ultrapure silicon , it is the proof of principle that poor - quality silicon can be easily improved .
We are now looking at other techniques that could further enhance the efficiency of dirty silicon . "
The researchers point out that techniques such as varying the cooling rate of silicon is an easy , cost - effective adjustment to current manufacturing procedures .
" We 're targeting mainstream technology , " said Weber .
" The approach we are proposing could lead to substantial progress in making solar energy more widely available with just a few tweaks in the manufacturing process . "
The researchers say that by 2006 , the photovoltaic industry is projected to use more silicon than the microelectronic industry , and that keeping solar energy cost - effective may depend upon finding ways to utilize the dirtier , cheaper silicon material .
" As solar electricity moves into mainstream power generation , the production of high - quality silicon has not kept pace with demand , " said Istratov of UC Berkeley .
" The resulting shortage in supplies of high - grade silicon has caused its price to increase by up to 800 percent on the spot market .
Since the solar cell wafer comprises more than half of the cost of the solar cell device , this has translated into recent price increases for solar cells .
We believe that our engineering concept has the potential to help the photovoltaic industry remain competitive as an alternative energy source . "
The research is supported by the U.S. Department of Energy 's National Renewable Energy Laboratory and its University Crystalline Silicon Research Project .
Here 's something that I 've been thinking about for a while now : A very common idea is that more education equals greater economic growth .
What 's more , one of the main ways that Third World countries could advance is to spend more money on education
Now this may not be true at all : According to Alison Wolf 's research , there 's no proven connection between increased education and increased economic growth .
But even if it 's true to some minor extent , the thing that bothers me is that we only seem to be talking abouteducation .
Schools . . . universities . . . years spent in a classroom .
It seems to me , however , that two propositions are likely true : A ) The most useful skills that you will ever get from formal schooling are fairly basic : reading , writing a coherent description or argument , and basic math .
A lot of what 's studied in high school or college may be very interesting , and can make one a well - rounded person , but has little or no relevance to .
( I 'm all for studying Shakespeare or Western Civilization or Physics 101 , but unless you plan on pursuing one of those subjects as a career , I do n't think that your studies have anything to do with economic growth . ) B ) .
I 'm not talking just about " job training , " i.e. , formal training classes that might last a day or a week at the beginning of one 's employment ( or formal " continuing education " classes in various professions ) .
Instead , I 'm talking about all of the informal knowledge that relates to " .
" Take a simple example : A McDonald 's store .
They 're at the bottom rung of the American economy .
So they should be simple to run , right ?
Any one of you could do it ?
Not right now , you could n't .
You do n't know how .
There 's no course at a government - run or private school that teaches you how to open a McDonald 's ( the most relevant thing that you might learn in school is how to make change , which hardly qualifies you to open a McDonald's ) .
So you 're looking at an empty lot near an interstate .
What sorts of knowledge do you need in order to open a McDonald's ?
As someone who worked at McDonald 's as a teenager , here 's what I can think of , off the top of my head : 1 . Is the location suitable ?
What 's the average traffic here ?
How do you find it out ?
How much traffic should there be anyway ?
2 .
What sorts of permits do you need from local or state governments ?
3 .
Who is going to build the store ?
Where do you get the architectural plans to give to the builder ?
How do you make sure that the building complies with innumerable legal requirements ( from local zoning regulations to federal disability law ) ?
4 .
How do you hire the managers and workers ?
What do you look for ?
What kind of training do you give them ?
5 .
Where do you get all of the machinery and other items that fill a McDonald 's kitchen ?
6 .
Where do all of the food items come from ?
How are the food items cooked / assembled / whatever ?
( This would include what to put on a Big Mac , how to fill the shake machine , how to mix Coke syrup , how to work the fry machine , and a hundred other tasks . ) 7 .
How do you set employees ' schedules ?
Make a payroll ?
Well , I could go on and on .
The point is , if you want to open a McDonald 's store , there are innumerable facts and skills that you will need to know --.
After all , even if regular schoolteachers knew all of this information ( they do n't ) , no school is going to waste its time teaching all of the specific knowledge that it takes to run a McDonald 's ( or any of the other thousands of types of businesses that exist ) .
That 's just not the sort of thing that a school can or should do .
I would suggest that all of the above is true -- at least to some extent -- for all of the businesses that exist in America .
For any type of business that you can imagine , the overwhelming majority of the information necessary to run the business consists of At most , one can point to a few trades or professions where some specialized schooling teaches someone the basics ( i.e. , a trade school might teach the basics of installing electrical wires , or a law school teaches the basics of how to analyze statutes and cases ) .
Even there , a large part of what you do on the job involves information or tasks that were n't specifically taught in school .?
That there 's no real reason to think that formal education is going to magically produce increased business activity -- i.e. , economic growth -- here or in Third World countries .
You could take the entire population of a Third World country and send them to 12 years of school to learn all about social studies and literature and political science .
At the end , they would n't be any closer to a modern economy than they are now .
The fact that this seems to be a chicken - and - egg problem leads to a further suggestion :
Anything that increases business activity in Third World countries -- whether globalization or micro-credit loans that encourage local entrepreneurs -- is far more likely to produce the sort of education that creates further economic growth .
With globalization , a factory might open in such a country , providing a place where workers will learn at least some skills that are economically relevant .
Even better , entrepreneurship allows people to gradually accumulate the necessary knowledge to run their own businesses .
Labels : education
While we 're just getting used to dual - cores and have our eyes on those upcoming quad - core chips , Japanese computer scientists at the University of Tokyo have built a 500MHz 512 - core math co-processor chip that can perform up to 512 billion floating - point operations per second .
The Grape DR chip is designed to fit on a PCI - X card and act as a secondary chip for the main CPU .
The project , which has been ongoing since 1989 , expects to reach two petaflops ( that 's two quadrillion , or 2,000,000,000,000,000 ) floating - point operations per second sometime around 2008 .
No doubt that Intel , which is planning on an 80 - core processor by 2011 , is watching this research very very closely .
[ Via Channel Register
Free at Last ?
September 26 , 2006
Posted by earthlingconcerned in Richard Nixon
I have n’t written anything for a while , and for that , do apologize .
I am working on something and it should hopefully see the light within the next day or two .
But in the mean time , here ’s a wee little breakdown about something I found humorous while reading The Fate of Africa : From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair ( Martin Meredith ) :
In 1957 , Ghana became the first black African country to gain independence from the shackles of colonialism .
This was the beginning of the eventual independence of the entire continent which since then had gone through growing pains that are barely improving today .
Not wanting to enter into the discussion about the mistakes that have transpired since those early days of independence , I will like to bring you back to the hope and joy that were present early on .
After Britain pronounced the country ’s independence on 6 March 1957 , messages of congratulation came in from leaders around the world .
Delegations arrived from fifty - six countries exuding warmth and goodwill .
Britain sent the Duchess of Kent ; the Chinese sent a general in a turquoise blue uniform ; the Russians , a junior minister , with a fistful of invitations to Moscow and South Africa sent a delegation ( albeit , an all white one ) .
The United States made one of the largest gestures of respect by sending then Vice President Richard Nixon as a representative .
It was said that his enthusiasm was shown through his consistent handshaking , hugging local chiefs , holding babies while posing for photographs and so and such .
At some point during all of this commotion , he slapped one man on the shoulder and asked him how it felt to be free .
To which he replied , “ I would n’t know , sir , I ’m from Alabama . ”
What a world it was , and still is .
[ An edited version of this paper appears in the July 2004 issue of Forensic Science Communications .
This version is updated with current information and links . ]
Abstract
Steganography is the art of covered or hidden writing .
The purpose of steganography is covert communication - to hide the existence of a message from a third party .
This paper is intended as a high - level technical introduction to steganography for those unfamiliar with the field .
It is directed at forensic computer examiners who need a practical understanding of steganography without delving into the mathematics , although references are provided to some of the ongoing research for the person who needs or wants additional detail .
Although this paper provides a historical context for steganography , the emphasis is on digital applications , focusing on hiding information in online image or audio files .
Examples of software tools that employ steganography to hide data inside of other files as well as software to detect such hidden files will also be presented .
Introduction
Steganography is the art of covered or hidden writing .
The purpose of steganography is covert communication to hide a message from a third party .
This differs from cryptography , the art of secret writing , which is intended to make a message unreadable by a third party but does not hide the existence of the secret communication .
Although steganography is separate and distinct from cryptography , there are many analogies between the two , and some authors categorize steganography as a form of cryptography since hidden communication is a form of secret writing ( Bauer 2002 ) .
Nevertheless , this paper will treat steganography as a separate field .
Although the term steganography was only coined at the end of the 15th century , the use of steganography dates back several millennia .
In ancient times , messages were hidden on the back of wax writing tables , written on the stomachs of rabbits , or tattooed on the scalp of slaves .
Invisible ink has been in use for centuries - for fun by children and students and for serious espionage by spies and terrorists .
Microdots and microfilm , a staple of war and spy movies , came about after the invention of photography ( Arnold et al .
2003 ; Johnson et al .
2001 ; Kahn 1996 ; Wayner 2002 ) .
Steganography hides the covert message but not the fact that two parties are communicating with each other .
The steganography process generally involves placing a hidden message in some transport medium , called the carrier .
The secret message is embedded in the carrier to form the steganography medium .
The use of a steganography key may be employed for encryption of the hidden message and / or for randomization in the steganography scheme .
In summary :
steganography_medium = hidden_message + carrier + steganography_key
Figure 1 . Classification of Steganography Techniques ( Adapted from Bauer 2002 ) .
Figure 1 shows a common taxonomy of steganographic techniques ( Arnold et al. 2003 ; Bauer 2002 ) .
Technical steganography uses scientific methods to hide a message , such as the use of invisible ink or microdots and other size - reduction methods .
Linguistic steganography hides the message in the carrier in some nonobvious ways and is further categorized as semagrams or open codes .
Semagrams hide information by the use of symbols or signs .
A visual semagram uses innocent - looking or everyday physical objects to convey a message , such as doodles or the positioning of items on a desk or Website .
A text semagram hides a message by modifying the appearance of the carrier text , such as subtle changes in font size or type , adding extra spaces , or different flourishes in letters or handwritten text .
Open codes hide a message in a legitimate carrier message in ways that are not obvious to an unsuspecting observer .
The carrier message is sometimes called the overt communication whereas the hidden message is the covert communication .
This category is subdivided into jargon codes and covered ciphers .
Jargon code , as the name suggests , uses language that is understood by a group of people but is meaningless to others .
Jargon codes include warchalking ( symbols used to indicate the presence and type of wireless network signal [ Warchalking 2003 ] ) , underground terminology , or an innocent conversation that conveys special meaning because of facts known only to the speakers .
A subset of jargon codes is cue codes , where certain prearranged phrases convey meaning .
Covered or concealment ciphers hide a message openly in the carrier medium so that it can be recovered by anyone who knows the secret for how it was concealed .
A grille cipher employs a template that is used to cover the carrier message .
The words that appear in the openings of the template are the hidden message .
A null cipher hides the message according to some prearranged set of rules , such as " read every fifth word " or " look at the third character in every word . "
As an increasing amount of data is stored on computers and transmitted over networks , it is not surprising that steganography has entered the digital age .
On computers and networks , steganography applications allow for someone to hide any type of binary file in any other binary file , although image and audio files are today 's most common carriers .
Steganography provides some very useful and commercially important functions in the digital world , most notably digital watermarking .
In this application , an author can embed a hidden message in a file so that ownership of intellectual property can later be asserted and / or to ensure the integrity of the content .
An artist , for example , could post original artwork on a Website .
If someone else steals the file and claims the work as his or her own , the artist can later prove ownership because only he / she can recover the watermark ( Arnold et al .
2003 ; Barni et al. 2001 ; Kwok 2003 ) .
Although conceptually similar to steganography , digital watermarking usually has different technical goals .
Generally only a small amount of repetitive information is inserted into the carrier , it is not necessary to hide the watermarking information , and it is useful for the watermark to be able to be removed while maintaining the integrity of the carrier .
Steganography has a number of nefarious applications ; most notably hiding records of illegal activity , financial fraud , industrial espionage , and communication among members of criminal or terrorist organizations ( Hosmer and Hyde 2003 ) .
Null Ciphers
Historically , null ciphers are a way to hide a message in another without the use of a complicated algorithm .
One of the simplest null ciphers is shown in the classic examples below :
PRESIDENT'S EMBARGO RULING SHOULD HAVE IMMEDIATE NOTICE .
GRAVE SITUATION AFFECTING INTERNATIONAL
LAW .
STATEMENT FORESHADOWS RUIN OF MANY NEUTRALS .
YELLOW JOURNALS UNIFYING NATIONAL EXCITEMENT IMMENSELY .
APPARENTLY NEUTRAL'S PROTEST IS THOROUGHLY DISCOUNTED AND IGNORED .
ISMAN HARD HIT .
BLOCKADE ISSUE AFFECTS PRETEXT FOR EMBARGO ON BYPRODUCTS , EJECTING SUETS AND VEGETABLE OILS .
The German Embassy in Washington , DC , sent these messages in telegrams to their headquarters in Berlin during World War I ( Kahn 1996 ) .
Reading the first character of every word in the first message or the second character of every word in the second message will yield the following hidden text :
PERSHING SAILS FROM N.Y .
JUNE 1
On the Internet , spam is a potential carrier medium for hidden messages .
Consider the following :
Dear Friend ,
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you !
We will comply with all removal requests !
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 5 ; Section 303 !
Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists .
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich within 38 days !
Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents & more people than ever are surfing the web !
Well , now is your chance to capitalize on this !
WE will help YOU sell more & SELL MORE .
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you !
But do n't believe us !
Ms Anderson who resides in Missouri tried us and says " My only problem now is where to park all my cars " .
This offer is 100 % legal .
You will blame yourself forever if you do n't order now !
Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too .
Cheers !
Dear Salaryman , Especially for you - this amazing news .
If you are not interested in our publications and wish to be removed from our lists , simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail !
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 , Title 3 ; Section 306 !
This is a ligitimate business proposal !
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich within 68 months !
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the web and nobody is getting any younger !
Well , now is your chance to capitalize on this .
We will help you decrease perceived waiting time by 180 % and SELL MORE .
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you !
But do n't believe us !
Mrs Ames of Alabama tried us and says " My only problem now is where to park all my cars " .
We are licensed to operate in all states !
You will blame yourself forever if you do n't order now !
Sign up a friend and you 'll get a discount of 20 % !
Thanks !
Dear Salaryman ,
Your email address has been submitted to us indicating your interest in our briefing !
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject : of " REMOVE " and you will immediately be removed from our mailing list .
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 6 , Section 307 .
THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME .
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich within 17 DAYS !
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the web and more people than ever are surfing the web !
Well , now is your chance to capitalize on this !
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E - BUSINESS and deliver goods right to the customer 's doorstep !
You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk !
But do n't believe us .
Ms Simpson of Wyoming tried us and says " Now I 'm rich , Rich , RICH " !
We assure you that we operate within all applicable laws .
We implore you - act now !
Sign up a friend and you 'll get a discount of 50 % .
Thank - you for your serious consideration of our offer .
This message looks like typical spam , which is generally ignored and discarded .
This message was created at spam mimic , a Website that converts a short text message into a text block that looks like spam using a grammar - based mimicry idea first proposed by Peter Wayner ( spam mimic 2003 ; Wayner 2002 ) .
The reader will learn nothing by looking at the word spacing or misspellings in the message ; the zeros and ones are encoded by the choice of the words .
The hidden message in the spam carrier above is :
Meet at Main and Willard at 8:30
Special tools or skills to hide messages in digital files using variances of a null cipher are not necessary .
An image or text block can be hidden under another image in a PowerPoint file , for example .
Messages can be hidden in the properties of a Word file .
Messages can be hidden in comments in Web pages or in other formatting vagaries that are ignored by browsers ( Artz 2001 ) .
Text can be hidden as line art in a document by putting the text in the same color as the background and placing another drawing in the foreground .
The recipient could retrieve the hidden text by changing its color ( Seward 2004 ) .
These are all decidedly low - tech mechanisms , but they can be very effective .
Digital Image and Audio
Many common digital steganography techniques employ graphical images or audio files as the carrier medium .
It is instructive , then , to review image and audio encoding before discussing how steganography and steganalysis works with these carriers .
Figure 2 . The RGB Color Cube .
Figure 2 shows the RGB color cube , a common means with which to represent a given color by the relative intensity of its three component colors - red , green , and blue - each with their own axis ( moreCrayons 2003 ) .
The absence of all colors yields black , shown as the intersection of the zero point of the three - color axes .
The mixture of 100 percent red , 100 percent blue , and the absence of green form magenta ; cyan is 100 percent green and 100 percent blue without any red ; and 100 percent green and 100 percent red with no blue combine to form yellow .
White is the presence of all three colors .
Figure 3 .
This color selection dialogue box shows the red ,
green , and blue ( RGB ) levels of this selected color .
Figure 3 shows the RGB intensity levels of some random color .
Each RGB component is specified by a single byte , so that the values for each color intensity can vary from 0 - 255 .
This particular shade is denoted by a red level of 191 ( hex BF ) , a green level of 29 ( hex 1D ) , and a blue level of 152 ( hex 98 ) .
One pix of magenta , then , would be encoded using 24 bits , as 0xBF1D98 .
This 24 - bit encoding scheme supports 16,777,216 ( 224 ) unique colors ( Curran and Bailey 2003 ; Johnson and Jajodia 1998A ) .
Most digital image applications today support 24 - bit true color , where each picture element ( pixel ) is encoded in 24 bits , comprising the three RGB bytes as described above .
Other applications encode color using eight bits / pix .
These schemes also use 24 - bit true color but employ a palette that specifies which colors are used in the image .
Each pix is encoded in eight bits , where the value points to a 24 - bit color entry in the palette .
This method limits the unique number of colors in a given image to 256 ( 28 ) .
The choice color encoding obviously affects image size .
A 640 X 480 pixel image using eight - bit color would occupy approximately 307 KB ( 640 x 480 = 307,200 bytes ) , whereas a 1400 X 1050 pix image using 24 - bit true color would require 4.4 MB ( 1400 x 1050 x 3 = 4,410,000 bytes ) .
Color palettes and eight - bit color are commonly used with Graphics Interchange Format ( GIF ) and Bitmap ( BMP ) image formats .
GIF and BMP are generally considered to offer lossless compression because the image recovered after encoding and compression is bit - for - bit identical to the original image ( Johnson and Jajodia 1998A ) .
The Joint Photographic Experts Group ( JPEG ) image format uses discrete cosine transforms rather than a pix - by - pix encoding .
In JPEG , the image is divided into 8 X 8 blocks for each separate color component .
The goal is to find blocks where the amount of change in the pixel values ( the energy ) is low .
If the energy level is too high , the block is subdivided into 8 X 8 subblocks until the energy level is low enough .
Each 8 X 8 block ( or subblock ) is transformed into 64 discrete cosine transforms coefficients that approximate the luminance ( brightness , darkness , and contrast ) and chrominance ( color ) of that portion of the image .
JPEG is generally considered to be lossy compression because the image recovered from the compressed JPEG file is a close approximation of , but not identical to , the original ( Johnson and Jajodia 1998A ; Monash University 2004 ; Provos and Honeyman 2003 ) .
Audio encoding involves converting an analog signal to a bit stream .
Analog sound - voice and music - is represented by sine waves of different frequencies .
The human ear can hear frequencies nominally in the range of 20 - 20,000 cycles / second ( Hertz or Hz ) .
Sound is analog , meaning that it is a continuous signal .
Storing the sound digitally requires that the continuous sound wave be converted to a set of samples that can be represented by a sequence of zeros and ones .
Analog - to - digital conversion is accomplished by sampling the analog signal ( with a microphone or other audio detector ) and converting those samples to voltage levels .
The voltage or signal level is then converted to a numeric value using a scheme called pulse code modulation .
The device that performs this conversion is called a coder - decoder or codec .
Figure 4 . Simple Pulse Code Modulation .
Pulse code modulation provides only an approximation of the original analog signal , as shown in Figure 4 .
If the analog sound level is measured at a 4.86 level , for example , it would be converted to a five in pulse code modulation .
This is called quantization error .
Different audio applications define a different number of pulse code modulation levels so that this " error " is nearly undetectable by the human ear .
The telephone network converts each voice sample to an eight - bit value ( 0 - 255 ) whereas music applications generally use 16 - bit values ( 0- 65,535 ) ( Fries and Fries 2000 ; Rey 1983 ) .
Analog signals need to be sampled at a rate of twice the highest frequency component of the signal so that the original can be correctly reproduced from the samples alone .
In the telephone network , the human voice is carried in a frequency band 0-4000 Hz ( although only about 400 - 3400 Hz is actually used to carry voice ) ; therefore , voice is sampled 8,000 times per second ( an 8 kHz sampling rate ) .
Music audio applications assume the full spectrum of the human ear and generally use a 44.1 kHz sampling rate ( Fries and Fries 2000 ; Rey 1983 ) .
The bit rate of uncompressed music can be easily calculated from the sampling rate ( 44.1 kHz ) , pulse code modulation resolution ( 16 bits ) , and number of sound channels ( two ) to be 1,411,200 bits per second .
This would suggest that a one - minute audio file ( uncompressed ) would occupy 10.6 MB ( 1,411,200*60/8 = 10,584,000 ) .
Audio files are , in fact , made smaller by using a variety of compression techniques .
One obvious method is to reduce the number of channels to one or to reduce the sampling rate , in some cases as low as 11 kHz .
Other codecs use proprietary compression schemes .
All of these solutions reduce the quality of the sound .
Table 1 : Some Common Digital Audio Formats ( Fries and Fries 2000 ) Audio Type File Extension Codec AIFF ( Mac ) .aif , .aiff Pulse code modulation ( or other ) AU ( Sun / Next ) .au ?- law ( or other ) CD audio ( CDDA ) n/a Pulse code modulation MP3 .mp3 MPEG Audio Layer III Windows Media Audio .wma Microsoft proprietary QuickTime .qt Apple Computer proprietary RealAudio .ra , .ram Real Networks proprietary WAV .wav
Pulse code modulation ( or other )
Digital Carrier Methods
There are many ways in which messages can be hidden in digital media .
Digital forensics examiners are familiar with data that remains in file slack or unallocated space as the remnants of previous files , and programs can be written to access slack and unallocated space directly .
Small amounts of data can also be hidden in the unused portion of file headers ( Curran and Bailey 2003 ) .
Information can also be hidden on a hard drive in a secret partition .
A hidden partition will not be seen under normal circumstances , although disk configuration and other tools might allow complete access to the hidden partition ( Johnson et al. 2001 ) .
This theory has been implemented in a steganographic ext2fs file system for Linux .
A hidden file system is particularly interesting because it protects the user from being inextricably tied to certain information on their hard drive .
This form of plausible deniability allows a user to claim to not be in possession of certain information or to claim that certain events never occurred .
Under this system users can hide the number of files on the drive , guarantee the secrecy of the files ' contents , and not disrupt nonhidden files by the removal of the steganography file driver ( Anderson et al .
1998 ; Artz 2001 ; McDonald and Kuhn 2000 ) .
Another digital carrier can be the network protocols .
Covert Transmission Control Protocol by Craig Rowland , for example , forms covert communications channels using the Identification field in Internet Protocol packets or the sequence number field in Transmission Control Protocol segments ( Johnson et al. 2001 ; Rowland 1996 ) .
There are several characteristics of sound that can be altered in ways that are indiscernible to human senses , and these slight alterations , such as tiny shifts in phase angle , speech cadence , and frequency , can transport hidden information ( Curran and Bailey 2003 ) .
Nevertheless , image and audio files remain the easiest and most common carrier media on the Internet because of the plethora of potential carrier files already in existence , the ability to create an infinite number of new carrier files , and the easy access to steganography software that will operate on these carriers .
For that reason , the manuscript focus will return to image and audio files .
The most common steganography method in audio and image files employs some type of least significant bit substitution or overwriting .
The least significant bit term comes from the numeric significance of the bits in a byte .
The high - order or most significant bit is the one with the highest arithmetic value ( i.e. , 27=128 ) , whereas the low - order or least significant bit is the one with the lowest arithmetic value ( i.e. , 20=1 ) .
As a simple example of least significant bit substitution , imagine " hiding " the character ' G ' across the following eight bytes of a carrier file ( the least significant bits are underlined ) :
1001010 1 0000110 1 1100100 1 1001011 0 0000111 1 1100101 1 1001111 1 0001000 0
A 'G ' is represented in the American Standard Code for Information Interchange ( ASCII ) as the binary string 01000111 .
These eight bits can be " written " to the least significant bit of each of the eight carrier bytes as follows :
1001010 0 0000110 1 1100100 0 1001011 0 0000111 0 1100101 1 1001111 1 0001000 1
In the sample above , only half of the least significant bits were actually changed ( shown above in italics ) .
This makes some sense when one set of zeros and ones are being substituted with another set of zeros and ones .
Least significant bit substitution can be used to overwrite legitimate RGB color encodings or palette pointers in GIF and BMP files , coefficients in JPEG files , and pulse code modulation levels in audio files .
By overwriting the least significant bit , the numeric value of the byte changes very little and is least likely to be detected by the human eye or ear .
Least significant bit substitution is a simple , albeit common , technique for steganography .
Its use , however , is not necessarily as simplistic as the method sounds .
Only the most naive steganography software would merely overwrite every least significant bit with hidden data .
Almost all use some sort of means to randomize the actual bits in the carrier file that are modified .
This is one of the factors that makes steganography detection so difficult .
One other way to hide information in a paletted image is to alter the order of the colors in the palette or use least significant bit encoding on the palette colors rather than on the image data .
These methods are potentially weak , however .
Many graphics software tools order the palette colors by frequency , luminance , or other parameter , and a randomly ordered palette stands out under statistical analysis ( Fridrich and Du 2000 ) .
Newer , more complex steganography methods continue to emerge .
Spread - spectrum steganography methods are analogous to spread - spectrum radio transmissions ( developed in World War II and commonly used in data communications systems today ) where the " energy " of the signal is spread across a wide - frequency spectrum rather than focused on a single frequency , in an effort to make detection and jamming of the signal harder .
Spread - spectrum steganography has the same function - avoid detection .
These methods take advantage of the fact that little distortions to image and sound files are least detectable in the high - energy portions of the carrier ( i.e. , high intensity in sound files or bright colors in image files ) .
Even when viewed side by side , it is easier to fool human senses when small changes are made to loud sounds and / or bright colors ( Wayner 2002 ) .
Steganography Examples
There are more than 100 steganography programs currently available , ranging from free downloads to commercial products .
This section will show some simple steganography examples by hiding an 11,067 - byte GIF map of the Burlington , Vermont , airport ( Figure 5 ) in GIF , JPEG , and WAV files .
Figure 5 .
This map is hidden in the various carriers in this article .
Figure 6 . A GIF carrier file containing the airport map .
The first example employs Gif - It - Up , a Nelsonsoft program that hides information in GIF files using least significant bit substitution ( and includes an encryption option ) .
Figure 6 shows a GIF image of the Washington , DC , mall at night where Gif - It - Up has been used to insert the airport map shown in Figure 5 .
The original carrier is 632,778 bytes in length and uses 249 unique colors , whereas the steganography file is 677,733 bytes in length and uses 256 unique colors .
The file size is larger in the steganography file because of a color extension option used to minimize distortion in the steganography image .
If color extension is not employed , the file size differences are slightly less noticeable .
Figure 7 .
The palette from the Washington mall carrier file before ( left ) and after ( right ) the map file was hidden .
Figure 7 shows the carrier file 's palettes before and after message insertion .
Like all least significant bit insertion programs that act on eight - bit color images , Gif - It - Up modifies the color palette and generally ends up with many duplicate color pairs .
Figure 8 . A JPEG carrier file containing the airport map .
[ NOTE :
The name of this image
is The Lightning Catchers by Bryan Allen .
Used by permission . ]
JP Hide - &- Seek ( JPHS ) by Allan Latham is designed to be used with JPEG files and lossy compression .
JPHS uses least significant bit overwriting of the discrete cosine transform coefficients used by the JPEG algorithm .
The Blowfish crypto algorithm is used for least significant bit randomization and encryption ( Johnson and Jajodia 1998B ) .
Figure 8 shows an example JPEG file with the airport map embedded in it .
The original carrier file is 207,244 bytes in size and contains 224,274 unique colors .
The steganography file is 207,275 bytes in size and contains 227,870 unique colors .
There is no color palette to look at because JPEG uses 24 - bit color coding and discrete cosine transforms .
Figure 9 .
The signal level comparisons between a WAV carrier file before ( above ) and
after ( below ) the airport map is inserted .
The final example employs S - Tools , a program by Andy Brown that can hide information inside GIF , BMP , and WAV files .
S- Tools uses least significant bit substitution in files that employ lossless compression , such as eight - or 24 - bit color and pulse code modulation .
S - Tools employs a password for least significant bit randomization and can encrypt data using the Data Encryption Standard ( DES ) , International Data Encryption Algorithm ( IDEA ) , Message Digest Cipher ( MDC ) , or Triple - DES ( Johnson and Jajodia 1998A ; Johnson and Jajodia 1998B ; Wayner 2002 ) .
Figure 9 shows a signal level comparison between a WAV carrier file before and after the airport map was hidden .
The original WAV file is 178,544 bytes in length , whereas the steganography WAV file is 178,298 bytes in length .
Although the relatively small size of the figure makes it hard to see details , some differences are noticeable at the beginning and end of the audio sample ( i.e. , during periods of silence ) .
( Some steganography tools have built - in intelligence to avoid the low - intensity portions of the signal . )
Audio files are well suited to information hiding because they are usually relatively large , making it difficult to find small hidden items .
Gif - It - Up , JPHS , and S - Tools are used above for example purposes only .
They are free , easy to use , and perform their tasks well .
There are many other programs that can be used to hide information in BMP , GIF , JPEG , MP3 , Paintbrush ( PCX ) , Portable Network Graphics ( PNG ) , Tag Image File Format ( TIFF ) , WAV , and other carrier file types .
The StegoArchive .
Com Website has a very good list of freeware , shareware , and commercial steganography software for DOS , Linux / Unix , MacOS , Windows , and other operating systems ( StegoArchive.com 2003 ) .
Although the discussion above has focused only on image and audio files , steganography media are not limited to these types of files .
Other file types also have characteristics that can be exploited for information hiding .
Hydan , for example , can conceal text messages in OpenBSD , FreeBSD , NetBSD , Red Hat Linux , and Windows XP executable files .
Developed by Rakan El - Khalil , Hydan takes advantage of redundancy in the i386 instruction set and inserts hidden information by defining sets of functionally equivalent instructions , conceptually like a grammar - based mimicry ( e.g. , where ADD instructions are a zero bit and SUB instructions are a one bit ) .
The program can hide approximately one message byte in every 110 - instruction bytes and maintains the original size of the application file .
Blowfish encryption can also be employed ( El - Khalil 2003 ) .
Detecting Steganography
The Prisoner 's Problem ( Simmons 1983 ) is often used to describe steganography , although it was originally introduced to describe a cryptography scenario .
The problem involves two prisoners , Alice and Bob , who are locked in separate prison cells and wish to communicate some secret plan to each other .
Alice and Bob are allowed to exchange messages with each other , but William , the warden , can read all of the messages .
Alice and Bob know that William will terminate the communications if he discovers the secret channel ( Chandramouli 2002 ; Fridrich et al. 2003B ) .
William can act in either a passive or active mode .
In the passive warden model , William examines each message and determines whether to forward the message or not based on his ability to detect a hidden message .
In the active warden model , William can modify messages if he wishes .
A conservative or malicious warden might actually modify all messages in an attempt to disrupt any covert channel so that Alice and Bob would need to use a very robust steganography method ( Chandramouli 2002 ; Fridrich et al. 2003B ) .
The difficulty of the warden 's task will depend largely on the complexity of the steganography algorithm and the amount of William 's prior knowledge ( Chandramouli 2002 ; Fridrich et al. 2003B ; Provos and Honeyman 2003 ) .
In a pure steganography model , William knows nothing about the steganography method employed by Alice and Bob .
This is a poor assumption on Alice and Bob 's part since security through obscurity rarely works and is particularly disastrous when applied to cryptography .
This is , however , often the model of the digital forensics analyst searching a Website or hard drive for the possible use of steganography .
Secret key steganography assumes that William knows the steganography algorithm but does not know the secret stego / crypto key employed by Alice and Bob .
This is consistent with the assumption that a user of cryptography should make , per Kerckhoff 's Principle ( i.e. , " the security of the crypto scheme is in key management , not secrecy of the algorithm . " ) ( Kahn 1996 ) .
This may also be too strong of an assumption for practice , however , because complete information would include access to the carrier file source .
Steganalysis , the detection of steganography by a third party , is a relatively young research discipline with few articles appearing before the late - 1990s .
The art and science of steganalysis is intended to detect or estimate hidden information based on observing some data transfer and making no assumptions about the steganography algorithm ( Chandramouli 2002 ) .
Detection of hidden data may not be sufficient .
The steganalyst may also want to extract the hidden message , disable the hidden message so that the recipient cannot extract it , and / or alter the hidden message to send misinformation to the recipient ( Jackson et al. 2003 ) .
Steganography detection and extraction is generally sufficient if the purpose is evidence gathering related to a past crime , although destruction and / or alteration of the hidden information might also be legitimate law enforcement goals during an on - going investigation of criminal or terrorist groups .
Steganalysis techniques can be classified in a similar way as cryptanalysis methods , largely based on how much prior information is known ( Curran and Bailey 2003 ; Johnson and Jajodia 1998B ) .
Steganography - only attack :
The steganography medium is the only item available for analysis .
Known - carrier attack :
The carrier and steganography media are both available for analysis .
Known - message attack :
The hidden message is known .
Chosen - steganography attack :
The steganography medium and algorithm are both known .
Chosen - message attack : A known message and steganography algorithm are used to create steganography media for future analysis and comparison .
Known - steganography attack :
The carrier and steganography medium , as well as the steganography algorithm , are known .
Steganography methods for digital media can be broadly classified as operating in the image domain or transform domain .
Image domain tools hide the message in the carrier by some sort of bit - by - bit manipulation , such as least significant bit insertion .
Transform domain tools manipulate the steganography algorithm and the actual transformations employed in hiding the information , such as the discrete cosine transforms coefficients in JPEG images ( Johnson and Jajodia 1998B ) .
It follows , then , that steganalysis broadly follows the way in which the steganography algorithm works .
One simple approach is to visually inspect the carrier and steganography media .
Many simple steganography tools work in the image domain and choose message bits in the carrier independently of the content of the carrier .
Although it is easier to hide the message in the area of brighter color or louder sound , the program may not seek those areas out .
Thus , visual inspection may be sufficient to cast suspicion on a steganography medium ( Wayner 2002 ) .
A second approach is to look for structural oddities that suggest manipulation .
Least significant bit insertion in a palette - based image often causes a large number of duplicate colors , where identical ( or nearly identical ) colors appear twice in the palette and differ only in the least significant bit .
Steganography programs that hide information merely by manipulating the order of colors in the palette cause structural changes , as well .
The structural changes often create a signature of the steganography algorithm that was employed ( Jackson et al. 2003 ; Wayner 2002 ) .
Steganographic techniques generally alter the statistics of the carrier and , obviously , longer hidden messages will alter the carrier more than shorter ones ( Farid 2001 ; Fridrich and Du 2000 ; Fridrich and Goljan 2002 ; Ozer et al. 2003 ) .
Statistical analysis is commonly employed to detect hidden messages , particularly when the analyst is working in the blind ( Jackson et al. 2003 ) .
There is a large body of work in the area of statistical steganalysis .
Statistical analysis of image and audio files can show whether the statistical properties of the files deviate from the expected norm ( Farid 2001 ; Ozer et al.
2003 ; Provos and Honeyman 2001 ) .
These so - called first - order statistics means , variances , chi-square ( Χ2 ) tests can measure the amount of redundant information and / or distortion in the medium .
Although these measures can yield a prediction as to whether the contents have been modified or seem suspicious , they are not definitive ( Wayner 2002 ) .
Statistical steganalysis is made harder because some steganography algorithms take pains to preserve the carrier file 's first - order statistics to avoid just this type of detection .
Encrypting the hidden message also makes detection harder because encrypted data generally has a high degree of randomness , and ones and zeros appear with equal likelihood ( Farid 2001 ; Provos and Honeyman 2001 ) .
Recovery of the hidden message adds another layer of complexity compared to merely detecting the presence of a hidden message .
Recovering the message requires knowledge or an estimate of the message length and , possibly , an encryption key and knowledge of the crypto algorithm ( Fridrich et al. 2003B ) .
Carrier file type - specific algorithms can make the analysis more straightforward .
JPEG , in particular , has received a lot of research attention because of the way in which different algorithms operate on this type of file .
JPEG is a poor carrier medium when using simple least significant bit insertion because the modification to the file caused by JPEG compression eases the task of detecting the hidden information ( Fridrich and Du 2000 ) .
There are several algorithms that hide information in JPEG files , and all work differently .
JSteg sequentially embeds the hidden data in least significant bits , JP Hide & Seek uses a random process to select least significant bits , F5 uses a matrix encoding based on a Hamming code , and OutGuess preserves first - order statistics ( Fridich et al .
2001 ; Fridich et al.
2002A ; Fridrich et al. 2002B ; Fridich et al. 2003A ; Provos and Honeyman 2001 ; Provos and Honeyman 2003 ) .
More advanced statistical tests using higher - order statistics , linear analysis , Markov random fields , wavelet statistics , and more on image and audio files have been described ( Farid 2001 ; Farid and Lyu 2003 ; Fridrich and Goljan 2002 ; Ozer et al. 2003 ) .
Detailed discussion is beyond the scope of this paper , but the results of this research can be seen in some steganography detection tools .
Most steganalysis today is signature - based , similar to antivirus and intrusion detection systems .
Anomaly - based steganalysis systems are just beginning to emerge .
Although the former systems are accurate and robust , the latter will be more flexible and better able to quickly respond to new steganography techniques .
One form of so - called " blind steganography detection " distinguishes between clean and steganography images using statistics based on wavelet decomposition , or the examination of space , orientation , and scale across subsets of the larger image ( Farid 2001 ; Jackson et al. 2003 ) .
This type of statistical steganalysis is not limited to image and audio files .
The Hydan program retains the size of the original carrier but , by using sets of " functionally equivalent " instructions , employs some instructions that are not commonly used .
This opens Hydan to detection when examining the statistical distribution of a program 's instructions .
Future versions of Hydan will maintain the integrity of the statistical profile of the original application to defend against this analysis ( El - Khalil 2003 ) .
The law enforcement community does not always have the luxury of knowing when and where steganography has been used or the algorithm that has been employed .
Generic tools that can detect and classify steganography are where research is still in its infancy but are already becoming available in software tools , some of which are described in the next section ( McCullagh 2001 ) .
And the same cycle is recurring as seen in the crypto world steganalysis helps find embedded steganography but also shows writers of new steganography algorithms how to avoid detection .
Tools for Steganography Detection
This article has a stated focus on the practicing computer forensics examiner rather than the researcher .
This section , then , will show some examples of currently available software that can detect the presence of steganography programs , detect suspect carrier files , and disrupt steganographically hidden messages .
This is by no means a survey of all available tools , but an example of available capabilities .
StegoArchive.com lists many steganalysis programs ( StegoArchive.com 2003 ) .
The detection of steganography software on a suspect computer is important to the subsequent forensic analysis .
As the research shows , many steganography detection programs work best when there are clues as to the type of steganography that was employed in the first place .
Finding steganography software on a computer would give rise to the suspicion that there are actually steganography files with hidden messages on the suspect computer .
Furthermore , the type of steganography software found will directly impact any subsequent steganalysis ( e.g. , S - Tools might direct attention to GIF , BMP , and WAV files , whereas JP Hide - &- Seek might direct the analyst to look more closely at JPEG files ) .
Figure 10 .
The output from Gargoyle when aimed at one of the directories on a hard drive .
WetStone Technologies ' Gargoyle ( formerly StegoDetect ) software ( WetStone Technologies 2004A ) can be used to detect the presence of steganography software .
Gargoyle employs a proprietary data set ( or hash set ) of all of the files in the known steganography software distributions , comparing them to the hashes of the files subject to search .
Figure 10 shows the output when Gargoyle was aimed at a directory where steganography programs are stored .
Gargoyle data sets can also be used to detect the presence of cryptography , instant messaging , key logging , Trojan horse , password cracking , and other nefarious software .
AccessData 's Forensic Toolkit ( AccessData 2003 ) and Guidance Software 's EnCase ( Guidance Software 2003 ) can use the HashKeeper ( Hashkeeper 2003 ) , Maresware ( Maresware 2003 ) , and National Software Reference Library ( National Software Reference Library 2003 ) hash sets to look for a large variety of software .
In general , these data sets are designed to exclude hashes of known " good " files from search indexes during the computer forensic analysis .
Gargoyle can also import these hash sets .
The detection of steganography software continues to become harder for another reason the small size of the software coupled with the increasing storage capacity of removable media .
S - Tools , for example , requires less than 600 KB of disk space and can be executed directly , without additional installation , from a floppy or USB memory key .
Under those circumstances , no remnants of the program would be found on the hard drive .
The second important function of steganography detection software is to find possible carrier files .
Ideally , the detection software would also provide some clues as to the steganography algorithm used to hide information in the suspect file so that the analyst might be able to attempt recovery of the hidden information .
Figure 11 .
The output from Xsteg when examining two suspect JPEG files .
One commonly used detection program is Niels Provos ' stegdetect .
Stegdetect can find hidden information in JPEG images using such steganography schemes as F5 , Invisible Secrets , JPHide , and JSteg ( OutGuess 2003 ) .
Figure 11 shows the output from xsteg , a graphical interface for stegdetect , when used to examine two files on a hard drive the original carrier and steganography image for the JPEG image shown in Figure 8 .
Note that the steganography file is not only flagged as containing hidden information , but the program also suggests ( correctly ) the used of the JPHide steganography scheme .
WetStone Technologies ' Stego Watch ( WetStone Technologies 2004B ) analyzes a set of files and provides a probability about which are steganography media and the likely algorithm used for the hiding ( which , in turn , provides clues as to the most likely software employed ) .
The analysis uses a variety of user - selectable statistical tests based on the carrier file characteristics that might be altered by the different steganography methods .
Knowing the steganography software that is available on the suspect computer will help the analyst select the most likely statistical tests .
Figure 12 .
Information from Stego Watch about a JPEG file suspected to be a steganography carrier .
Figure 12 shows the output from Stego Watch when aimed at the JPEG carrier file shown in Figure 8 .
The Steganography Detection Algorithms section in the display show the statistical algorithms employed for analysis and the ones that bore fruit for this image .
As above , Stego Watch correctly identifies the JPEG steganography software that was employed .
Although not yet available , the Institute for Security Technology Studies at Dartmouth College has developed software capable of detecting hidden data in image files using statistical models that are independent of the image format or steganography technique .
This program has been tested on 1,800 images and four different steganography algorithms and was able to detect the presence of hidden messages with 65 percent accuracy with a false - positive rate less than 0.001 percent ( Dartmouth College 2003 ) .
Finding steganography in a file suspected to contain it is relatively easy compared to extracting hidden data .
Most steganography software uses passwords for secrecy , randomization , and / or encryption .
Stegbreak , a companion program to stegdetect , uses a dictionary attack against JSteg - Shell , JPHide , and OutGuess to find the password of the hidden data but , again , this is only applicable to JPEG files ( OutGuess 2003 ) .
Similarly , Stego Break is a companion program to WetStone 's Stego Watch that uses a dictionary attack on suspect files ( WetStone Technologies 2004B ) .
Steganography detection schemes do not directly help in the recovery of the password .
Finding appropriate clues is where the rest of the investigation and computer forensics comes into play .
A computer forensics examiner looking at evidence in a criminal case probably has no reason to alter any evidence files .
However , an examination that is part of an ongoing terrorist surveillance might well want to disrupt the hidden information even if it cannot be recovered .
Hidden content , such as steganography and digital watermarks , can be attacked in several ways so that it can be removed or altered ( Hernandez Martin and Kutter 2001 ; Voloshynovskiy et al. 2001 ) , and there is software specifically designed to attack digital watermarks .
Such attacks have one of two possible effects they either reduce the steganography carrying capacity of the carrier ( necessary to avoid the attack ) or fully disable the capability of the carrier as a steganography medium .
Although this subject is also beyond the scope of this paper , one interesting example of steganography disruption software can be used to close this discussion .
2 Mosaic by Fabien Petitcolas employs a so - called " presentation attack " primarily against images on a Website .
2 Mosaic attacks a digital watermarking system by chopping an image into smaller subimages .
On the Website , the series of small images are positioned next to each other and appear the same as the original large image ( Petitcolas 2003 ) .
Figure 13 .
A portion of the JPEG image with
the hidden airport map , created by 2 Mosaic .
Figure 13 shows an example of 2 Mosaic when used against the JPEG image from Figure 8 .
In this case , the carrier file is split into 165 subimages as above ( 11 rows of 15 subimages ) .
The 2 Mosaic approach is obvious when used .
The viewer of the altered image knows immediately that something is amiss .
Summary and Conclusions
Consider the following hypothetical scenario .
By preagreement with members of a terrorist organization , the leader of the terrorist cell puts an item for sale on eBay every Monday and posts a photograph of the item .
The item for sale is legitimate .
Bids are accepted , money is collected , and items are dutifully delivered .
But at some prearranged time during the week , a version of the photograph is posted that contains a hidden message .
The cell members know when that time is and download the weekly message .
Unless the people are under active investigation , it is unclear that anyone will notice this activity .
This scenario , or one like it , is a viable method for terrorists or criminals to communicate , but is it real ?
In the aftermath of September 11 , 2001 , a number of articles appeared suggesting that al Qaeda terrorists employ steganography ( Kelly 2001 ; Kolata 2001 ; Manoo 2002 ; McCullagh 2001 ) .
In partial response to these reports , several attempts have been made to ascertain the presence of steganography images on the Internet .
One well - known study searched more than three million JPEG images on eBay and USENET archives .
Using stegdetect , one to two percent of the images were found to be suspicious , but no hidden messages were recovered using stegbreak ( Provos and Honeyman 2001 ; Provos and Honeyman 2003 ) .
Another study examined several hundred thousand images from a random set of Websites and , also using stegdetect and stegbreak , obtained similar results ( Callinan and Kemick 2003 ) .
Although these projects provide a framework for searching a Website for steganography images , no conclusions can be drawn from them about steganography images on the Internet .
First and foremost , stegdetect only looks at JPEG images .
Other image types were never examined .
Second , a limited number of Websites were examined , too few to make any definitive statements about the Internet as a whole .
It is also interesting to note that several steganography researchers are purposely not publishing information about what Internet sites they are examining or what they are finding ( Kolata 2001 ; McCullagh 2001 ) .
There are few hard statistics about the frequency with which steganography software or media are discovered by law enforcement officials in the course of computer forensics analysis .
Anecdotal evidence suggests , however , that many computer forensics examiners do not routinely search for steganography software , and many might not recognize such tools if they found them .
In addition , the tools that are employed to detect steganography software are often inadequate , with the examiner frequently relying solely on hash sets or the steganography tools themselves ( Kruse and Heiser 2001 ; Nelson et al. 2003 ; Security Focus 2003 ) .
A thorough search for evidence of steganography on a suspect hard drive that might contain thousands of images , audio files , and video clips could take days ( Hosmer and Hyde 2003 ) .
Indeed , many digital forensics examiners consider the search for steganography tools and / or steganography media to be a routine part of every examination ( Security Focus 2003 ) .
But what appears to be lacking is a set of guidelines providing a systematic approach to steganography detection .
Even the U.S. Department of Justice search and seizure guidelines for digital evidence barely mention steganography ( U.S. Department of Justice 2001 ; U.S. Department of Justice 2002 ) .
Steganalysis will only be one part of an investigation ; however , and an investigator might need clues from other aspects of the case to point them in the right direction .
A computer forensics examiner might suspect the use of steganography because of the nature of the crime , books in the suspect 's library , the type of hardware or software discovered , large sets of seemingly duplicate images , statements made by the suspect or witnesses , or other factors .
A Website might be suspect by the nature of its content or the population that it serves .
These same items might give the examiner clues to passwords , as well .
And searching for steganography is not only necessary in criminal investigations and intelligence gathering operations .
Forensic accounting investigators are realizing the need to search for steganography as this becomes a viable way to hide financial records ( Hosmer and Hyde 2003 ; Seward 2003 ) .
It is impossible to know how widespread the use of steganography is by criminals and terrorists ( Hosmer and Hyde 2003 ) .
Today 's truth , however , may not even matter .
The use of steganography is certain to increase and will be a growing hurdle for law enforcement and counterterrorism activities .
Ignoring the significance of steganography because of the lack of statistics is " security through denial " and not a good strategy .
Steganography will not be found if it is not being looked for .
There are some reports that al Qaeda terrorists used pornography as their steganography media ( Kelly 2001 ; Manoo 2002 ) .
Steganography and pornography may be technologically and culturally unexpected from that particular adversary , but it demonstrates an ability to work " out of the box . "
In computer investigations , we too must think and investigate creatively .
References
AccessData .
Forensic
Toolkit product page [ Online ] .
( December 29 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.accessdata.com/Product04_Overview.htm.
Anderson , R. , Needham , R. , and Shamir , A. Steganographic file system .
In : Proceedings of the Second International Workshop on Information Hiding ( IH '98 ) , Lecture Notes in Computer Science , vol .
1525 .
D. Aucsmith , ed. , Portland , Oregon , April 14 - 17 , 1998 .
Springer - Verlag , Berlin , Germany , 1998 , pp. 73 -82 .
Also available : http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/ftp/users/rja14/sfs3.pdf.
Arnold , M. , Schmucker , M. , and Wolthusen , S. D. Techniques and Applications of Digital Watermarking and Content Protection .
Artech House , Norwood , Massachusetts , 2003 .
Artz , D. Digital Steganography : Hiding data within data .
IEEE Internet Computing ( 2001 ) 5( 3):75 - 80 .
Also available : http://www.cc.gatech.edu/classes/AY2003/cs6262_fall/
digital_steganography.pdf .
Barni , M. , Podilchuk , C. I. , Bartolini , F. , and Delp , E. J. Watermark embedding : Hiding a signal within a cover image , IEEE Communications ( 2001 ) 39(8):102-108 .
Bauer , F. L. Decrypted Secrets : Methods and Maxims of Cryptology , 3rd ed. Springer - Verlag , New York , 2002 .
Callinan , J. and Kemick , D. Detecting steganographic content in images found on the Internet .
Department of Business Management , University of Pittsburgh at Bradford [ Online ] .
( December 11 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.chromesplash.com/jcallinan.com/publications/steg.pdf.
Chandramouli , R. Mathematical approach to steganalysis .
In : Proceedings of the SPIE Security and Watermarking of Multimedia Contents IV , vol .
4675 .
International Society for Optical Engineering , San Jose , California , January 21 - 24 , 2002 , pp. 14 -25 .
Also available : http://www.ece.stevens-tech.edu/~mouli/spiesteg02.pdf.
Curran , K. and Bailey , K .
An evaluation of image - based steganography methods .
International Journal of Digital Evidence [ Online ] .
( Fall 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.ijde.org/docs/03_fall_steganography.pdf.
Dartmouth College , Institute for Security Technology Studies .
A Novel Software for Detection of Hidden Messages within Digital Images [ Online ] . ( December 29 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.ists.dartmouth.edu/text/steganography.php.
El - Khalil , R. Hydan [ Online ] .
( December 30 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.crazyboy.com/hydan/.
Farid , H. Detecting Steganographic Messages in Digital Images .
Technical Report TR2001 - 412 , Dartmouth College , Computer Science Department , 2001 .
Also available : http://www.cs.dartmouth.edu/~farid/publications/tr01.pdf.
Farid , H. and Lyu , S. Higher - order wavelet statistics and their application to digital forensics .
IEEE Workshop on Statistical Analysis in Computer Vision , Madison , Wisconsin , June 2003 .
Also available : http://www.cs.dartmouth.edu/~farid/publications/sacv03.pdf.
Fridrich , J. and Du , R. Secure steganographic methods for palette images .
In : Proceedings of the 3rd Information Hiding Workshop , Lecture Notes in Computer Science , vol .
1768 .
Dresden , Germany , September 1999 .
Springer - Verlag , Berlin , Germany , 2000 , pp. 47-60 .
Also available : http://www.ws.binghamton.edu/fridrich/Research/ihw99_paper1.dot.
Fridrich , J. and Goljan , M. Practical steganalysis of digital images : State of the art .
In : Proceedings of the SPIE Security and Watermarking of Multimedia Contents IV , vol .
4675 .
International Society for Optical Engineering , San Jose , California , January 21 - 24 , 2002 , pp. 1 -13 .
Also available : http://www.ws.binghamton.edu/fridrich/Research/steganalysis01.pdf.
Fridrich , J. , Goljan , M. , and Du , R. Steganalysis based on JPEG compatibility .
In : Proceedings of the SPIE Multimedia Systems and Applications IV , Special Session on Theoretical and Practical Issues in Digital Watermarking and Data Hiding , vol . 4518 .
International Society for Optical Engineering , Denver , Colorado , August 21 - 22 , 2001 , pp. 275-280 .
Also available : http://www.ws.binghamton.edu/fridrich/Research/jpgstego01.pdf.
Fridrich , J. , Goljan , M. , and Hogea , D. Attacking the OutGuess .
In : Proceedings of the ACM Workshop on Multimedia and Security 2002 , Juan - les - Pins , France , December 2002A .
Also available : http://www.ws.binghamton.edu/fridrich/Research/acm_outguess.pdf.
Fridrich , J. , Goljan , M. , and Hogea , D. New methodology for breaking steganographic techniques for JPEGs .
In : Proceedings of the SPIE Security and Watermarking of Multimedia Contents V , vol . 5020 .
International Society for Optical Engineering , Santa Clara , California , January 21 - 24 , 2003A , pp. 143-155 .
Also available : http://www.ws.binghamton.edu/fridrich/Research/jpeg01.pdf.
Fridrich , J. , Goljan , M. , and Hogea , D. Steganalysis of JPEG images : Breaking the F5 algorithm .
Proceedings of the 5th International Workshop on Information Hiding ( IH 2002 ) .
F. A. P. Petitcolas , ed. , Noordwijkerhout , The Netherlands , October 7 - 9 , 2002B .
Springer - Verlag , Berlin , Germany , pp. 310-323 .
Also available : http://www.ws.binghamton.edu/fridrich/Research/f5.pdf.
Fridrich , J. , Goljan , M. , Hogea , D. , and Soukal , D. Quantitative steganalysis of digital images : Estimating the secret message length , Multimedia Systems ( 2003B ) 9(3):288-302 .
Also available : http://www.ws.binghamton.edu/fridrich/Research/mms100.pdf.
Fries , B. and Fries , M. MP3 and Internet Audio Handbook .
TeamCom Books , Burtonsville , Maryland , 2000 .
Guidance Software .
EnCase [ Online ] .
( December 29 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.guidancesoftware.com/.
Hashkeeper .
Hashkeeper Files [ Online ] .
( December 29 , 2003 ) Available : http://www.hashkeeper.org/files/.
Hernandez Martin , J. R. and Kutter , M. Information retrieval in digital watermarking , IEEE Communications ( 2001 ) 39(8):110-116 .
Hosmer , C. and Hyde , C. Discovering covert digital evidence .
Digital Forensic Research Workshop ( DFRWS ) 2003 , August 2003 [ Online ] .
( January 4 , 2004 ) .
Available : http://www.dfrws.org/dfrws2003/presentations/Paper-Hosmer-digitalevidence.pdf.
Jackson , J. T. , Gregg , H. , Gunsch , G. H. , Claypoole , R. L. , and Lamont , G. B. Blind Steganography detection using a computational immune system : A work in progress .
International Journal of Digital Evidence [ Online ] .
( Winter 2003 ) ( December 21 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.ijde.org/docs/02_winter_art4.pdf.
Johnson , N. F. , Duric , Z. and Jajodia , S. Information Hiding : Steganography and Watermarking : Attacks and Countermeasures .
Kluwer Academic , Norwell , Massachusetts , 2001 .
Johnson , N. F. and Jajodia , S. Exploring steganography : Seeing the unseen , Computer ( 1998A ) 31(2):26 - 34 .
Also available : http://www.jjtc.com/pub/r2026.pdf.
Johnson , N. F. and Jajodia , S. Steganalysis of images created using current steganography software .
In : Proceedings of the Second International Workshop on Information Hiding ( IH '98 ) , Lecture Notes in Computer Science , vol .
1525 .
D. Aucsmith , ed. Portland , Oregon , April 14 - 17 , 1998 .
Springer - Verlag , Berlin , Germany , 1998B , pp.273-289 .
Also available : http://www.jjtc.com/ihws98/jjgmu.html.
Kahn , D. Codebreakers : The Story of Secret Writing .
Revised ed. , Scribner , New York , 1996 .
Kelly , J. Terror groups hide behind Web encryption .
USA Today , February 5 , 2001 .
Also available : http://www.usatoday.com/tech/news/2001-02-05-binladen.htm.
Kolata , G. Veiled messages of terror may lurk in cyberspace , New York Times , October 30 , 2001 , p. 1 .
Kruse , W. G. and Heiser , J. G. Computer Forensics : Incident Response Essentials .
Addison - Wesley , Boston , Massachusetts , 2001 .
Kwok , S. H. Watermark - based copyright protection system security , Communications of the ACM ( 2003 ) 46(10):98-101 .
Manoo , F. Case of the missing code , Salon.com , July 17 , 2002 [ Online} . ( December 29 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.salon.com/tech/feature/2002/07/17/steganography/.
Maresware .
Hash Set CD [ Online ] .
( December 29 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.dmares.com/maresware/hash_cd.htm.
McCullagh , D. Secret messages come in .
Wavs .
WIRED News , February 20 , 2001 [ Online ] .
( December 11 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.wired.com/news/politics/0,1283,41861,00.html.
McDonald , A. D. and Kuhn , M. G. StegFS : A steganographic file system for Linux .
In : Proceedings of the Third International Workshop on Information Hiding ( IH '99 ) , Lecture Notes in Computer Science , vol .
1768 .
A. Pfitzmann , ed. , Dresden , Germany , September 29 - October 1 , 1999 .
Springer - Verlag , Berlin , Germany , 2000 , pp. 462-477 .
Also available : http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~mgk25/ih99-stegfs.pdf.
Monash University .
JPEG Image Coding Standard [ Online ] . ( January 10 , 2004 ) .
Available : http://www.ctie.monash.edu.au/emerge/multimedia/jpeg/.
moreCrayons .
color cube [ Online ] .
( December 12 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.morecrayons.com/palettes/webSmart/colorcube.php.
National Software Reference Library .
NSRL Project Web Site [ Online ] .
( December 29 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.nsrl.nist.gov/.
Nelson , B. , Phillips , A. , Enfinger , F. , and Steuart , C. Guide to Computer Forensics and Investigations .
Course Technology , Boston , Massachusetts , 2003 .
OutGuess .
Steganography Detection with Stegdetect [ Online ] .
( December 29 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.outguess.org/detection.php.
Ozer , H. , Avcibas , I. , Sankur , B. , and Memon N. Steganalysis of audio based on audio quality metrics .
In : Proceedings of the SPIE , Security and Watermarking of Multimedia Contents V , vol .
5020 , SPIE , Santa Clara , California , 2003 , pp. 55 - 66 .
Also available : www.busim.ee.boun.edu.tr/~sankur/SankurFolder/
Audio_Steganalysis_16.doc .
Petitcolas , F. A. P. ' mosaic ' attack [ Online ] .
( December 29 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.petitcolas.net/fabien/watermarking/2mosaic/index.html.
Provos , N. and Honeyman , P. Detecting Steganographic Content on the Internet .
Center for Information Technology Integration , University of Michigan , CITI Technical Report 01 - 11 [ Online ] .
( August 2001 ) .
Available : http://www.citi.umich.edu/techreports/reports/citi-tr-01-11.pdf.
Provos , N. and Honeyman , P. Hide and seek :
An introduction to steganography .
IEEE Security & Privacy ( 2003 ) 1(3):32 - 44 .
Also available : http://niels.xtdnet.nl/papers/practical.pdf.
Rey , R. F. ( ed. ) .
Engineering and Operations in the Bell System , 2nd. ed. , AT&T Bell Laboratories , Murray Hill , New Jersey , 1983 .
Rowland , C. H. Covert Channels in the TCP / IP Protocol Suite .
First Monday , 1996 [ Online ] . ( January 10 , 2004 ) .
Available : http://www.firstmonday.dk/issues/issue2_5/rowland/ or http://www.guides.sk/psionic/covert/covert.tcp.txt.
Security Focus .
Forensics mailing list , personal communication , December 1 - 26 , 2003 .
Seward , J. Debtor 's digital reckonings .
International Journal of Digital Evidence , Fall 2003 [ Online ] .
( January 3 , 2004 ) .
Available : http://www.ijde.org/docs/03_fall_seward.pdf.
Seward , J. Personal communication , January 2004 .
Simmons , G. J. Prisoners ' problem and the subliminal channel .
In : Advances in Cryptology : Proceedings of CRYPTO 83 .
D. Chaum , ed. Plenum , New York , 1983 , pp. 51 -67 .
spam mimic [ Online ] .
( December 29 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.spammimic.com/.
StegoArchive.com [ Online ] . ( December 30 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.stegoarchive.com/.
U.S. Department of Justice .
Electronic Crime Scene Investigation : A Guide for First Responders .
Office of Justice Programs , National Institute of Justice , Technical Working Group for Electronic Crime Scene Investigation , NCJ 187736 , July 2001 .
Also available : http://www.ncjrs.org/pdffiles1/nij/187736.pdf.
U.S. Department of Justice .
Searching and Seizing Computers and Obtaining Electronic Evidence in Criminal Investigations .
Criminal Division , Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section , July 2002 .
Also available : http://www.cybercrime.gov/s&smanual2002.pdf.
Voloshynovskiy , S. , Pereira , S. , Pun , T. , Eggers , J. J. , and Su , J. K. Attacks on digital watermarks : Classification , estimation - based attacks , and benchmarks , IEEE Communications ( 2001 ) 39(8) :118-126 .
Warchalking .
Warchalking : Collaboratively creating a hobo - language for free wireless networking [ Online ] .
( December 21 , 2003 ) .
Available : http://www.warchalking.org/.
Wayner , P. Disappearing Cryptography : Information Hiding : Steganography & Watermarking .
2nd. ed. , Morgan Kaufmann , San Francisco , California , 2002 .
WetStone Technologies .
Gargoyle [ Online ] . ( May 24 , 2004A ) .
Available : http://www.wetstonetech.com/f/Gargoyle_2.1_Datasheet.pdf.
WetStone Technologies .
Stego Suite [ Online ] . ( May 24 , 2004B ) .
Available : http://www.wetstonetech.com/f/Stego_Suite_Datasheet_for_web.pdf.
Appendix A : Additional Websites
Computer Forensics , Cybercrime and Steganography Resources Website , Steganography & Data Hiding - Articles , Links , and Whitepapers page ( http://www.forensics.nl/steganography)
GCK 's steganography links ( www.garykessler.net/library/securityurl.html#crypto)
Neil Johnson's Steganography and Digital Watermarking page ( http://www.jjtc.com/Steganography/)
Appendix B : Companion Downloads to this Article
The hidden , carrier , and steganography files mentioned in this article can be downloaded from the http://www.garykessler.net/download/fsc/ directory .
Use the password " tyui " to recover the hidden file from the steganography files .
Figure 5 airport image : btv_map.gif
Figure 6 original carrier : mall_at_night.gif
Figure 6 stego file : mall_at_night_btv2.gif
Figure 8 original carrier : lightening_jars.jpg
Figure 8 stego file : lightening_jars_btv.jpg
Figure 9 original carrier : hitchhiker_beginning.wav
Figure 9 stego file : hitchhiker_beginning_btv.wav
Figure 13 disrupted stego file : disrupt / lighte~1.html
The noncommercial software employed in the examples in this article can be downloaded from the following mirror site :
Appendix C : Commercial Vendors Mentioned in this Article
AccessData Corp .
accessdata.com Guidance Software
www.guidancesoftware.com
WetStone Technologies
www.wetstonetech.com
Author Bio and Acknowledgements
At the time this paper was written , Gary C. Kessler was an Associate Professor at Champlain College in Burlington , Vermont .
At the time of the update , he was professor of Homeland Security at Embry - Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach , Florida .
Gary holds a B.A. in Mathematics , an M.S. in Computer Science , and a Ph.D. in Computing Technology in Education .
He is a CCE , CCFP , CISSP , and member of the North Florida Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force .
He can be reached via e-mail at gck@garykessler.net .
The author gratefully acknowledges comments and suggestions put forth by Eric Cole , Jack Seward , and FSC 's anonymous reviewers .
I met Motek ’s CEO Ann Price at the 2006 WorldBlu Forum on democractic organizations , and her story of how they work at Motek was tremendously inspiring .
Motek make warehouse administration software and here ’s some of the great things they do according to this excellent article in American Way Magazine :
Price offers her employees a $ 5,000 - a- year travel benefit for flights , tours , cruises , you name it – but only if they take at least a three - week paid vacation .
She gives employees another two weeks off for paid holidays throughout the year and leases luxury automobiles for any employee who has worked at the company for at least 10 years .
Then there ’s the fact that Price sends employees home at five p.m. sans laptop and locks the doors on the weekend .
… every Motek employee has a designated backup available to provide cover while they ’re out of the office .
The only requirement is to check with the backup to make sure he or she is around before the employee leaves .
The company keeps a single to - do list …
Anyone can enter an item , including customers and vendors .
The list can include everything from ordering ink cartridges to customizing a specific function for a customer .
Motek divvies up the tasks at meetings and teams do n’t pay any attention to who entered particular items .
Price does n’t cut any corners when it comes to bonding with customers .
She designates individuals – from top executives to line workers – heroes for their roles in effecting change at a company that uses Motek ’s software .
Then she sends out a professional photographer who shoots for Fortune magazine – at somewhere between $ 8,000 and $ 15,000 a shoot – to snap their photo , which she then posts on the Motek website .
There , you can read all about the person ’s achievements and how they were able to deliver superior results .
For Price , the endgame is n’t to earn money at any cost .
And it is n’t about ruling the software industry .
No , Price has bigger ambitions :
She hopes to change the world .
The result : Happiness and profits .
Eighty percent of the technical team has been with the company for at least 10 years , compared to an industry average employment span of 18 months .
In 2005 , Motek ’s revenue per employee topped $ 217,000 .
Competing firms ’ revenue typically ranges from $ 150,000 to $ 200,000 .
This is a wonderful story of great , unconventional leadership focused on making employees and customers happy rather than on growth and profits .
With growth and profit as the results .
Thanks for visiting my blog .
If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Welcome back to the blog .
Want to learn more about happiness at work ?
Sign up for our intensive in - depth 3 - day Woohoo Academy training .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
We realize that part of the thrill of owning high - tech gear is gazing at its sophisticated industrial design , but many distaff members of our species would rather all that high - tech paraphernalia be hidden away .
Call a truce with the Reversible Media Center , with a swiveling mounting panel to which you attach the objects of your techno - desire .
Advertisement
It 's big enough for 42 - to 50 - inch LCDs or plasma displays , which you can flip around to reveal a book case and no one will know there was ever a TV there , even the burglars .
You might think you 're getting burgled by buying one , though — $ 7000 takes it home , and it 's just made of cherry veneer .
That might be worth it if it had a motorized opening mechanism triggered by moving one of the books a certain secret way .
Reversible Media Center [ Frontgate , via Born Rich ]
From the outside , the Chameleon concept looks like a pristine , classic 1964 Volkswagen bus .
On the inside , it 's a complete technology showcase created by Volkswagen of America 's Electronics Research Lab in Palo Alto .
The drivetrain is all electric , powered by lithium polymer batteries — those surfboards on the roof are lined with flexible solar panels for extra juice .
The interior is a museum of tech : an interactive digital instrument cluster with embedded touch pads , digital audio and video , a wide - angle back - up camera display and speech - activated controls .
An optional titanium - lined hookah with touch and vacuum sensors and thermoelectric cooling is not included .
Click through for more .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Press Release :
Concept in familiar and nostalgic package
Volkswagen of America , Inc. is introducing an exciting new concept vehicle from its Electronics Research Laboratory ( ERL ) , located in Palo Alto , California .
The ERL has taken a 1964 Deluxe Microbus and retrofitted it with a collection of cutting edge technologies .
Dubbed the " Chameleon " , this renovated bus contains projects developed by ERL engineers and external partners that explore novel design concepts for tomorrow 's cars .
With the goal of preserving the classic look of the Microbus , the theme of the concept vehicle is " Hidden Technologies . "
This goal is appropriately parallel to Volkswagen 's continuous mission to develop technologies that enhance the driving experience while limiting driver distraction .
The large size and unique layout of the Microbus provides a tremendous platform to creatively integrate many different technologies .
A multitude of projects are showcased in the Chameleon , representing the latest advancements in the topics of audio , speech , sensors , displays , navigation , lighting , batteries , solar cells and much more .
In addition to being a cultural icon , the Deluxe Microbus carries a uniquely Californian flavor .
With its 21 windows and soft - top canvas roof , the vehicle was a favorite of surfers and adventurers on the West Coast , and is considered a prized collector 's item today .
Acknowledging California 's traditionally environmentally friendly attitude , the ERL collaborated with Hybrid Technologies ( www.hybridtechnologies.com) to replace the original VW engine with an all electric drive engine powered by lithium polymer batteries .
Surfboards mounted on the roof are also lined with flexible solar panels that provide an additional source of energy to this 100 % electric vehicle .
Advertisement
The interior of the bus is full of surprises , with an interactive digital instrument cluster , imbedded capacitive touch - pads , digitally enhanced sound quality , exciting rear seat entertainment options , and speech activated controls available throughout the cabin .
The exterior houses several exciting new approaches for keyless entry , LED lighting , wide - angle parking cameras , switchable glass and much more .
The Volkswagen Electronics Research Laboratory intends to use the Microbus as a public relations tool to showcase the potential future of automotive electronics set in the nostalgic package of this favorite old - timer .
The Chameleon has already been showcased in Germany to Volkswagen executives and engineers .
It made its North American public debut at the AltWheels event in Boston , MA on Friday , September 22 , 2006 .
Advertisement
Related :
Porsche - Powered Karmann Ghia : Yes , You Can Have One [ internal ]
FREUD was famously preoccupied with the influence of early childhood experiences on development .
His theory of psychoanalysis , which provided a new approach to the analysis and treatment of abnormal adult behaviour , has attracted both ardent followers and fierce critics .
According to this theory , the unconscious mind carries imprints of the past that mercilessly haunt the present .
Unearthing those imprints is the key to understanding what is going on and then treating it .
In Freudian theory , the imprints are memories , albeit unconscious ones .
In other words , they are encoded in the way that the nerve cells which make up the brain are connected to one another .
This theory of unconscious early memory is controversial .
On the other hand , it seems clear that early experience is important to later behaviour .
So what is going on ?
There is a growing school of thought that Freud was right , but for the wrong reasons .
According to the members of this school , early experience does profoundly mould the brain .
However , it is not memory that it moulds — at least , not memory as conventionally understood .
What it actually moulds is the way genes work .
A gene is a piece of DNA that encodes a protein molecule .
In other words , it is a set of instructions .
But instructions are no use unless they can be executed , and executed in an appropriate way .
So cells contain a system to read genes , regulate their reading and convert the results into proteins , which then carry out various functions in the body .
Part of this system is called epigenetic imprinting .
This is a way of modifying how easily a gene can be read .
Moshe Szyf , of McGill University in Montreal , studies the effect of maternal care on epigenetic imprinting .
As he explained at this week 's meeting on Epigenetics and Neural Developmental Disorders , held in Beltsville , Maryland , imprinting might be a general mechanism whereby experiences are translated into behaviour .
If that turns out to be so , it will affect the understanding and treatment of mental illness .
Imprints of care
The first inkling of this came when Michael Meaney , one of Dr Szyf 's long - term collaborators , noticed that rat pups whose mothers spent a lot of time licking and grooming them grew up to be less fearful and better - adjusted adults than the offspring of neglectful mothers .
Crucially , these well - adjusted rats then gave their own babies the same type of care — in effect , transmitting the behaviour from mother to daughter by inducing similar epigenetic changes .
When Dr Szyf looked at the brains of the two sorts of rats , he found differences in their hippocampuses .
Among other jobs , the hippocampus is involved in responding to stress .
Dr Szyf discovered that better - adjusted rats had , in their hippocampuses , more active versions of the gene that encodes a molecule called glucocorticoid - receptor protein .
Glucocorticoid is a hormone produced in response to stress and its job is to make the animal behave appropriately .
But too much glucocorticoid is a bad thing , so there is also a way to switch off its production .
When glucocorticoid binds to its receptor in the hippocampus , that activates the expression of genes which dampen further synthesis of the hormone .
This feedback system is weaker in rats that have had little maternal care .
As a result , they are more anxious and fearful , and show a heightened response to stress .
The researchers went on to study what is responsible for the difference in expression of the glucocorticoid - receptor gene .
They found that two types of imprinting are involved .
One adds molecules called methyl groups to the DNA of the gene .
This suppresses gene expression .
The other adds acetyl groups , which are slightly larger , to the proteins around which the DNA is coiled .
This has the opposite effect , making gene expression easier .
Rats that had experienced little maternal care showed high levels of methylation and low levels of acetylation of the glucocorticoid - receptor gene and its neighbouring proteins .
The opposite was true for those that had had a more attentive upbringing .
This explains why levels of glucocorticoid - receptor protein are different in the two groups of rats .
But Dr Szyf still wanted to know what triggers epigenetic tagging in response to maternal care .
He suspected a protein called NGFI - A , which is produced in response to stimulations such as licking and grooming .
The more stimulation a rat pup receives , the more NGFI - A it produces .
This suspicion was confirmed when he found it is also the case that the more maternal care a pup receives , the more NGFI - A it has bound to its glucocorticoid - receptor genes .
Then , in a series of experiments on cell cultures , he showed that when bound to this gene NGFI - A attracts two enzymes involved in epigenetic tagging .
The enzymes in question are histone acetyltransferase ( which adds acetyl groups to proteins ) and methylated DNA - binding protein - 2 ( which removes methyl groups from DNA ) .
According to Dr Szyf , epigenetic modifications in response to maternal care occur during the first week of life after birth — the so - called critical period .
The effects are stable , and persist into adulthood .
Because this type of programming involves adding and removing chemical groups to and from the DNA and its nearby protein molecules , the researchers wondered whether reversing those reactions during adulthood would affect an animal 's behaviour .
To test this , they used two chemicals .
One , called TSA , inhibits the enzyme that removes acetyl groups .
The other , called L- methionine , is a donor of methyl groups .
When injected into the brain cavity near the hippocampus , TSA increased both the amount of acetylation and the level of expression of the glucocorticoid receptor in adult rats that had had little maternal care early in life .
As a result , those rats became less anxious and fearful .
By contrast , L - methionine increased the level of methylation and thus reduced the expression of the gene in animals with loving mothers , and led to fear , anxiety and a heightened response to stress .
Marked for life
Dr Szyf and Dr Meaney have made a strong case that different epigenetic profiles resulting from early experience correlate with behavioural differences in adults — in rats at least .
They are now looking at people .
Their first human study is into whether those who commit suicide have different imprints in their hippocampuses from those who die in accidents .
They are also studying blood samples from people with depression or with violent tendencies , to look for epigenetic markers that may exist for either of these two behaviours .
If successful , that might lead to new methods of diagnosing psychiatric conditions .
Meanwhile , Dr Szyf suspects that response to stress is just one behaviour that might be regulated this way .
Whether epigenetics is important for other , more complex , behaviour remains to be seen .
If it is , however , the implication could be huge .
For decades , attempts to draw a direct line between genes and mental illnesses have disappointed their authors .
But environmental explanations have failed , too .
Psychiatrists now realise that there is something else in between .
That something may be epigenetic imprinting .
Click the pictures to the left to see larger versions that simulate roughly the detail visible in the largest version of the poster .
The 27 " x 53 " version is almost four and a half feet wide : Imagine you had a 60 " ( diagonal ) , 250 dpi monitor and that should give you an idea of what the poster looks like in person .
the western pennsylvania conservancy owns and operates the house and surrounding forest ...
i like it on the outside ... but the inside shows that it was design by a man of short stature ... if you are anywhere around 6 feet tall its a difficult house to manuver through without some care given to doorways and ceilings
great house though
The web changed my life .
I ca n’t live without wikipedia or Google .
But ultimately , I ’m disappointed .
Almost every day , the web lets me down .
What do web users do for a living ?
What do we get paid to do that makes it worth giving us a web browser ?
Me , I make connections .
I take disparate ideas and connect them in ( hopefully ) useful ways .
Others do it with people , or cash instead of ideas .
But we ’re all connectors .
Tim O’Reilly coined the term Web 2.0 .
It is a bit controversial , but basically it describes a generation of web pages that go beyond the flat HTML of the original Web .
Web 2.0 pages encourage community and user - generated content .
Web 3 is the brainchild of Tim Berners - Lee , largely credited for inventing the world wide web in the first place .
It ’s more commonly called the Semantic Web .
The idea is , to quote Lee , " I have a dream for the Web [ in which computers ] become capable of
analyzing all the data on the Web – the content , links , and
transactions between people and computers .
A ‘ Semantic Web ’ , which
should make this possible , has yet to emerge , but when it does , the
day - to - day mechanisms of trade , bureaucracy and our daily lives will be
handled by machines talking to machines .
The ‘ intelligent agents ’
people have touted for ages will finally materialize . "
I ’ll get in trouble for this simple shorthand , but it ’s data about data .
Websites that are smart about what they are and what they contain .
But what ’s it for ?
I mean it ’s very audacious and powerful , but why ?
And what drives it to work ?
The opportunities of the semantic web are limitless , and I can’t wait .
But that ’s not Web4 .
Web4 is what I ’m really waiting for .
And it ’s entirely possible that Web4 will get here before the semantic web even though Web 3 makes it work a lot better .
We start with this :
Ubiquity
Identity
Connection
We need ubiquity to build Web4 , because it is about activity , not just data , and most human activity takes place offline .
We need identity to build Web4 , because the deliverable is based on who you are and what you do and what you need .
And we need connection to build Web4 , because you ’re nothing without the rest of us .
Web4 is about making connections , about serendipity and about the network taking initiative .
Some deliberately provocative examples :
I ’m typing an email to someone , and we ’re brainstorming about doing a business development deal with Apple .
A little window pops up and lets me know that David over in our Tucscon office is already having a similar conversation with Apple and perhaps we should coordinate .
I ’m booked on a flight from Toledo to Seattle .
It ’s cancelled .
My phone knows that I ’m on the flight , knows that it ’s cancelled and knows what flights I should consider instead .
It uses semantic data but it also has permission to interrupt me and tell me about it .
Much more important , it knows what my colleagues are doing in response to this event and tells me .
‘ Follow me ’ gets a lot easier .
Google watches what I search .
It watches what other people like me search .
Every day , it shows me things I ought to be searching for that I ’m not .
And it introduces me to people who are searching for what I ’m searching for .
As a project manager , my computer knows my flow chart and dependencies for what we ’re working on .
And so does the computer of every person on the project , inside my team and out .
As soon as something goes wrong ( or right ) the entire chart updates .
I ’m late for a dinner .
My GPS phone knows this ( because it has my calendar , my location , and the traffic status ) .
So , it tells me , and then it alerts the people who are waiting for me .
I visit a blog for the first time .
My browser knows what sort of stories I am interested in and shows me highlights of the new blog based on that history .
I can invest in stocks as part of a team , a team that gains strength as it grows in size .
Here ’s Rikard ’s riff on how the iPhone could be more like Web4 .
I ’m about to buy something from a vendor ( in a store with a smart card or online ) .
At the last minute , Web4 jumps in and asks if I want it cheaper , or if I want it from a vendor with a better reputation .
Not based on some gamed system , but based on what a small trusted circle believes .
My PDA knows I ’m going to a convention .
Based on my email logs , it recommends who I ought to see while I ’m there –because my friends have opted in to our network and we ’re in sync .
I can fly to the CES for half price , because Web4 finds enough of us that we can charter a flight .
I do n’t have to wait for Rickie Lee Jones to come to town .
Sonos knows who the Rickie Lee fans are , and makes it easy for us to get together and initiate a concert … we book her , no scalpers necessary .
I do n’t get company spam any more ( " fill out your TPS reports " ) because whenever anyone in my group of extended colleagues highlights a piece of corporate spam , it ’s gone for all of us .
But wait , it ’s also smart enough that when a recipient highlights a mail as worth reading , it goes to the top of my queue .
If , over time , the system senses ( from how long I read the mail , or that I delete it , or that I do n’t take action ) that the guy ’s recommendations are lame , he loses cred .
Sure , it sounds a bit like LinkedIn .
But it ’s not .
Linked
In tends to make networks that are sprawling and weak .
Web4 is about smaller , far more intense connections with trusted colleagues and their activities .
It ’s a tribe .
You do n’t have to join a tribe .
But if you did , would you be more successful ?
Unlike Web 3 , we do n’t need every single page in the world to be ‘ compliant . ’
What we need is :
an email client that is smart about what I ’m doing and what my opted in colleagues are doing .
Once that gains traction , plenty of vendors will work to integrate with it .
a cell phone and cell phone provider that is not just a phone .
a word processor that knows about everything I ’ve written and what ’s on the web that ’s related to what I ’m writing now .
moves by Google and Yahoo and others to make it easy for us to become non-anonymous , all the time , everywhere we go .
This stuff creeps some people out .
The thing is , privacy is an illusion .
You think you have privacy , but the video surveillance firms and your credit card company disagree .
If we ’re already on camera , we might as well get some benefits from it .
If we choose .
I think it ’s fascinating that Web4 is coming from the edges ( we see all sorts of tribal activities popping up in blogs , communities , rankings , Digg , etc. ) as opposed to from the center .
Web 2.0 happened in largely the same way .
Even online , big organizations seem to have the most trouble innovating in ways that change the game .
Several forward thinking professors and even some whole universities are leveraging podcasts for learning purposes .
Lectures are being recorded and even pre-recorded so that students have more flexibility in the learning process .
In some cases they may not even need to go to class at all .
UC Berkely has even joined Stanford University in making their lectures available through iTunes and at no cost !
Learning with Podcasting , what a concept .
Maybe there is an application of Podcasting to learning business skills ?
Check out these other articles to learn more …
Higher Education through Coursecasting
Campus Extends Reach to iPod Generation
Stanford ,
It ’s Not Just for Smart People Anymore
The places on the photos is 2000 ft ( 700 m ) deep hole in the ground .
It ’s called Korkinsk Coal Mine – the deepest and largest in Europe open coal mine and second largest in the world .
Miles of rails , hundreds of electro trains and giant excavators work in this place .
That ’s probably one of the biggest hand made things on the Earth .
The small dots on the picture above are giant excavators like this :
On the next picture you would see more clearly how small they seem to be in comparisson with this coal mine :
Here they are .
And you see those steps ?
On this picture the steps of the landscape seem to be small , but look at the next photo :
This is the sample of such a step .
It ’s taller than 7 stored building .
Those steps go down to the bottom of the mine .
And here is the bottom of the 2000 ft deep man made hole in the ground .
Yes that , Russia , so here we have wooden steps to the bottom of the mine .
You can take a walk by this steps for an hour or two to reach the bottom .
Or of course you can ask some excavator or electric train driver who carry coal for a free spiral ride down there , they usualy are glad to strangers .
Here is also link to Google Sat. images of this place :
http://www.google.com/maps?f=q&hl=en&q=54%C2%B054%27++61%C2%B0+22%27&ie=UTF8&z=12&ll=54.907804,61.430311&spn=0.092766,0.477905&t=k&om=1
photos by danila85
I ’ve been thinking a lot about entrepreneurship and innovation lately .
First , I gave a talk about innovation , based on Weird Ideas That Work , to a group of about 50 Korean executives from SK Telecom , who were visiting Silicon Valley to learn about how entrepreneurship and innovation works around here .
They were given a very high - end experience , spending a day at IDEO learning about their creative process , hearing from CEO Tim Brown and the amazing Diego Rodriguez , getting a speech from innovation guru Clay Christensen , and after my talk , getting on the bus for lunch at Google and a talk from Marissa Mayer .
I also have been thinking about entrepreneurship because , as you can see from my last post , I spent a fair amount of time poking around the updated version of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program ’s new Educator ’s Corner .
As I was preparing – and giving – my weird ideas talk to the SK Telecom executives , I kept thinking , after spending 20 + years in the Stanford Engineering School and studying innovation for a long time , about which single lesson matters most , at least given my biased view and experience .
Weird Ideas
That Work came out in 2002 , but it was based on a talk that I ’ve been giving – and tinkering with -- since about 1995 .
It has 12 weird ideas for sparking innovation .
But I ’ve come to believe that one of these weird ideas is more important , more empirically valid , and more troubling than the rest :
Step 1 : Decide to Do Something the Will Probably Fail
Step 2 : Then Convince Yourself and Everyone Else That Success is Certain
Consider the evidence .
Most new ideas fail .
Most new companies fail , most products fail , and most new technologies fail .
Darwinian concepts apply to innovation , as hundreds of careful studies show .
The only way to do something that will probably succeed is to replicate the past , especially to make your own future as perfect a replication as the past as possible .
When Toyota makes another Camry , McDonald ’s sells another Big Mac , or P&G makes and sells another box of Tide , the odds of success are pretty high .
Once you enter the world of innovation , where you are doing something new , despite all the hype , all those consultants with sure fire methods , the fact is that – even if you have Kleiner Perkins funding , an experienced CEO , Wilson Sonsini as your law firm , and a bevy of hot young Stanford engineers developing your product -- odds are you will fail .
Those are the hard facts , and although most innovators believe that they are better than the rest , that the odds do n’t apply to them , that is a delusion .
Google and its founders are worshipped , but at the time they were was funded , local venture capitalists seemed to be just as excited about the Segway ( which still may make it , who knows ) , Zaplet ( I think they dropped over 100 million on that one ) , Guru ( another 60 million or so ) , and the infamous Webvan ( over 800 million ! ) .
The investors at top venture capitalist firms and the people who run R&D at places like 3M , P&G , and BMW are very smart people and have a great overall internal rate of return , but as they know so well , in the world of new ideas , they must accept a high failure rate .
They also know – and sometimes even admit -- that so - called experts have a terrible record when it comes to predicting which new ideas will survive and which will not .
Stanford ’s James March , perhaps the most renowned living organizational theorist , summarized this state of affairs elegantly ( this quote is in the last chapter of Weird Ideas That Work ) :
Most fantasies lead us astray , and most of the consequences of imagination for individuals and individual organizations are disastrous .
Most deviants end up on the scrap pile of failed mutations , not as heroes of organizational transformation .
. . .
There is , as a result , much that can be viewed as unjust in a system that induces imagination among individuals and individual organizations in order to allow a larger system to choose among alternative experiments .
By glorifying imagination , we entice the innocent into unwitting self - destruction ( or if you prefer , altruism ) .
Yet , the fact remains that , if you are in the innovation business , developing new products , compounds , or services , starting or funding new companies , you do n’t make a cent if you do n’t place your bets on something or someone :
Nothing ventured , nothing gained , is both a cliché and a dangerous half - truth .
It is a cliché because , after all , those VC ’s would n’t have those nice new houses and airplanes courtesy of Google if they had n’t made their bets .
And it is a dangerous half - truth because , well , nothing ventured , nothing lost ( think Webvan ) .
Once you put your money down on something ( that will probably fail ) , that is when things get really weird .
Sure , there are things you can do to increase the odds of success , work hard , find smart people , and so on .
BUT if I was going to pick one thing ( based on the evidence ) , I ’d vote for irrational optimism , convincing yourself and everyone else that success is certain .
Why ?
There is a huge literature – more than 500 studies out there now – on the self - fulfilling prophecy :
If you believe that great things will happen , the odds of success go up , if you believe that bad things will happen , the odds of failure do to .
Sociologist Robert Merton wrote classic article on the subject in 1948 , and of course , this notion goes back to the story of Pygmalion .
And much the same story emerges from medical research on placebo effects , that sugar pills often work just as well as “ real medicine ” because people have irrational faith .
So , if you look at the innovation and entrepreneurship game from a portfolio perspectives , this means that – although their failure rate will remain plenty high – investors will do better over the long hail if they bet on persuasive optimists .
Thomas Edison fits this description perfectly , so does Francis Ford Coppola , Steve Jobs ( of the famous reality distortion field ) , and Burt Rutan .
Rutan is the designer of the Voyager , the first plane to fly non -stop around the world , and more recently , won the 10 million dollar X - Prize with two flights by his Spaceship One -- to demonstrate the possible viability of “ space tourism . ”
When so called experts told him that Voyager would never make it , he told his team that “ Confidence in nonsense is required . ”
The problem with such success stories , however , is that we tell and remember them , and we do n’t tell and forget all the failures , all those optimists who go from failed idea to failed new idea .
And that is why , as March ’s quote hints , there is a true ethical dilemma in the world of innovation .
If you are on top of portfolio , being optimistic and funding optimists , increases your hit rate , but as March says , for the typical person , project , or company in the portfolio , the effect is to “ entice the innocent into unwitting self - destruction ( or if you prefer , altruism ) . ”
There is also a further twist that I ’ll talk about in a future post :
The same optimism that increases the odds of success also can lead to escalating commitment to a failing course of action .
That is why banks have one group to hands - out loans and another to pull the plug .
And it is why the lead venture capitalist on a deal often remains behind a company 100 % until the moment that his or her partners intervene and terminate the investment .
The overly optimistic backers of the adventure will often keep throwing good money after bad because they have too much invested to quit , even though , as they say , sunk costs are sunk and should n’t affect decisions .
The result is thaqt cooler and more detached folks are enlisted to kill investments that seem doomed .
In short , if your goal is to have the highest internal rate of return for a portfolio of companies or the highest success rate for set of development projects , than a strong empirical case can be made for “ Decide to Do Something the Will Probably Fail , Then Convince Yourself and Everyone Else That Success is Certain . ”
Yet all those sticky and difficult ethical problems remain , and I do n’t quite know what to do about them .
Think about it , if most entrepreneurs came to grips with how bad the odds against them are , they might be less likely to be “ enticed ” to start new companies , and thus avoid the pain and expense of failure .
But there would be negative effects as well , fewer new ideas , less innovation , less cool new stuff .
And if only rational , well - informed pessimists that elected to innovate , to do something new stuff , their failure rate would be even higher .
I once teased a local venture capitalist that , if he gave the entrepreneurs his firm invested in true informed consent , they would have them sign a document that said something like “ I understand that , even though I am accepting this money , the odds are only 5 % that my company will succeed , and that even if it does succeed , the odds are over 50 % that the investors will remove me from the firm . "
It does n’t sound like much fun , does it ?
2０２０ 年、春、新緑の季節。
しかし、今日の東京は大荒れの空模様。
肌寒く、台風がきたかのような暴風雨。
これで、水害や土砂災害が起きなければいいけど・・・
時勢も大荒れ 。
気温だけじゃなく、世の中の雰囲気も寒々しい。
オリンピックという大祭もなくなってしまったし、芽吹いて間もない葉桜が、どことなく寂しげに見えるのは私だけだろうか。
前回ブログを更新したのが昨年８月２３日だったから、夏が終わり、秋が過ぎ、冬を越え、もう８ヶ月近くが経つ。
しばらくぶりの私、 「 仕事を辞めた？ 」 「傷病で休んでる？」とか「ひょっとして、死んだ？」等と思われていただろうか。
が、歳だけはとったけど、私は、相変わらず そこそこ元気にやっている。
意識してブログを止めていたわけでもなく、仕事等
時間の都合で、結果的に止まってしまっていた。
ごくたま に 「そういえば、しばらくブログが止まっているな・・・」と、気づくときもあった。
そして、 「このままやめてしまおうか・・・」と思ったこともあった。
とにかく、睡眠や休息の時間を削ってまで書くほどのことでもないので、放っておいた次第。
しかし、この時勢で仕事が減り、少しずつヒマになってきている。
幸か不幸か、ブログを書く時間がつくれるようになっているわけ。
はたして、今更、これを読んでくれる人がいるのかどうかわからないけど、この“ヒマ人のヒマつぶし”に立ち止まってくれる人がいたら、細やかに嬉しい。
基本的 に “ 相変わらず ” やっている私だけど、困ったこともあった。
昨秋、プライベートで大変な目に遭った。
それは、身近な人間の大病。
仕事も休めず、心身の疲労が重なり、情緒不安定な状態に陥ってしまった。
それが一段落ついたかと思った矢先、今冬、仕事で大変な目に遭った。
これもまた、身近な人間の大病。
「 少しゆっくりさせてもらおうか・・・」と思っていた矢先の急病で、仕事はテンテコ舞。
休んでいるヒマはなく、夜、寝ている間にも仕事のことを考えているような始末だった。
そして、今、プライベート・仕事、両方で大変な目に遭っている。
そう・・・この新型コロナウイルスの問題だ。
二月の時点では完全に他人事。
自分には関係ない、どこか遠くの出来事のように捉えていた。
三月になると、発生地が身近なところにまで迫ってきて、少しは自分の問題として捉えるようになってきた。
連日、コロナのニュースが踊り、飲食業・観光業・レジャー業などの苦境が多く伝えられるようになってきた。
それでもまだ 、 “ 他人事 ” のような感覚は残っていた 。
が、三月下旬になると、身近なところの様相も一変。
業界や取引先に影響が及んできて、仕事が減る兆候が見え始めてきたのだ。
それはそうだ 。
私の仕事は、生活を維持するうえで不可欠なものではない。
製造・食品・物流・医療等とは関わりがなく、有事の際の社会貢献度も極めて低い。
更に、遊興快楽的な要素も健康に資する要素もなく、人々に元気をもたらすものでもない。
災難の真っ只中では、まず必要とされない。
近隣から苦情がでるような腐乱死体現場なら緊急性・必要性が高いけど、肌寒いくらいのこの時季はそれもない。
したがって、仕事が減っていくのもうなずける。
ただ 、 “ コロナ消毒 ” の問い合わせは増えてきている
不動産管理会社やマンション管理組合等が、感染が発生した場合を想定した上での事前準備として。
これだけは、この時勢でニーズがあるわけだ。
が、対象の規模が大き過ぎたり、求められるクオリティが高過ぎたりすることも多く、机上の想定だけで安易に契約するのは危険。
また、施工者（当社）のリスク管理の問題もある。
一人でも感染したら、そこで営業中止になるわけだから、一つの依頼でも売上利益だけ見るのではなく、大局的・長期的・客観的に見て判断することが必要なのである。
かと言って、多くの人達と同様、私も収入がなければ生活を維持できない。
つまり、仕事がなければ・・・働かなければ生きていけない。
事態がこのまま深刻化していけば、仕事を選ぶ余裕はなくなってくるはず。
大袈裟な言い方になるけど、生きていくために命を懸けてコロナ消毒をする日がくるかもしれない（今、最前線で闘っている医療従事者に比べれば、“子供のお遊び”みたいなものかもしれないけど・・・）。
こんな状況になって、今、 「 失業」という文字が “ 心構え ” として頭に浮かんでいる。
加齢や体力が理由の退職なら想定内のことだけど、この事態はまったく想定外。
説得力のある論拠で、事態の収束時期を具体的に示せる専門家も現れていない。
「 なるようにしかならない 」 「何とかなる」等と、根拠なく楽観視できるほど、事は小さくない。
現場仕事がなくなれば仕方がない。
この状態が長引けば、失業 の “ 心構え ” は “ 覚悟 ” に変わっていき、いず れ “ 現実 ” となってしまう 。
似たような境遇にある人はごまんといる。
とてもイヤなことを言うようだけど、この先、感染者や死亡者だけでなく、失業者・破産者も増えていくだろう。
悲しいことながら、自殺者も増えていくかもしれない。
察してもらえる通り、私の仕事は“ 在宅勤務 ” ができるものではないし、在宅勤務で給料が得られるものでもない。
在宅勤務を拡大解釈しても、我が家は、特殊清掃が必要なほど汚れてはいないし、ゴミ屋敷でもない。
死人もいないし、死体もない（当り前！）。
ブログ制作くらいは家にいてもできるけど、これは仕事（給料がもらえるもの）ではない。
で、今のところ、現場仕事がない日でもフレックスタイムで出退社している。
まだ、いくらかはやらなければいけない事務作業や雑用があるから。
もちろん、事務所で は “ 三密 ” にならないよう・ ・ ・ “ 一密 ” もつくらないよう細心の注意をはらい、外出の際もかなり気をつけている。
「 三密回避」の警告が出されて久しい。
更に、 「緊急事態宣言」が出されていることは、承知のとおり。
同時に “ 外出自粛要請 ” も出されている 。
自分だけの問題じゃ済まされないから、ある種の社会的責任も発生している。
しかし、普段から私 は “ 外出自粛 ” をしているようなもの 。
友達もなく非社交的、外食をはじめ 外で飲むこともほとんどない。
誰かに遊びに誘われることもなく、趣味や同好会等のグループにも属していない。
結果、 “ 外出自粛要請 ” の前後で、生活スタイルにほとんど変化はない。
変わったことといえば、マスクや消毒剤を常用するようになったことと、ウォーキングや買い物の際、人との距離を意識するようになったことくらい。
それも、日に日に神経過敏になってきていて、不用意に誰かに近づかれると“イラッ！”とくるようになってしまっている（きれいな女性に近づかれて“ イラッ！” とくるかどうかは不明）。
外出自粛で家にいると、特にやることがなく、スマホやＰＣをいじりながら、暇な一日を過ごしている人も多そう。
ＳＮＳ が高度に活用されている今日この頃、大衆に重用さて重宝されているよう。
反面、私は、普段、YouTubeを観ることはないし、Twitterとうヤツもやったことがない。
“ 時代おく れ ” は重々承知しているけど、興味がないから積極的に触れることもない。
ただ、多くの著名人がそれらを通じて、励ましや癒しの音楽やメッセージ・パフォーマンスを発信しているのを、ＴＶニュースを通して目にしている。
発信側の芸能人やアーティスト・アスリートにとっては、これも
ある種のビジネス、または、先を見越したビジネスの種蒔きなのかもしれないけど、個人的にはシックリこない。
人を励ますことができる人は、まだ、余裕がある人。
新型コロナウイルス被災民は、“ まだ余裕がある人 ” と“ もう余裕がない 人 ” に分かれると思う 。
つまり、 「被災民の中にも階層がうまれ、温度差がうまれている」ということ。
そして、残念ながら、これは、時間が経ては経つほどハッキリとした型を成していくと思われる。
真に追い詰められた人は人を励ます余裕はなく、自分と家族を維持していく力さえ奪われている。
そういった発信者達の善意に目を向けられないほど気力を失い、素直に受け止められないほど疲弊し、絶望し、苦悩しているような気がする。
真に追い詰められている人にとって、角度によっては“ 他人事 ” “ お遊 び ” “ お祭り騒 ぎ ” にも見えるそれらの発信は、 “ 癒 し ” “ 励まし ” にはならず、冷淡に神経を逆なですることにもなりかねない。
もちろん、それらを 「偽善 」 「不要」と言っているわけではない。
善意であるだろうし、そういう発信を欲し、それで、癒され・励まされている人も多いだろう。
私のように、能書きだけ垂れて何の人助けもしない輩よりよっぽどいい。
ただ、被災民の中でも、崖っぷちに立たされている“弱被災民”がいることに心を寄せることも人間同士の礼儀ではないかと思う。
善意の押し売りは、結果的に、悪意に似たものとなる可能性があるのだから。
善意だったかもしれないマスクの高額転売も悪意と見なされ、表面上、今はネットからも消えている。
それが拍車をかけたわけでもないのだろうけど、マスクはもちろん、消毒剤の類も、相変わらず手に入れにくい。
街のあちこちにあるドラッグストアには、朝から長蛇の列ができている。
今のところ、自分達で使うくらいのマスク・消毒剤は確保できているから、私は
そこまでの購買行動はしていない。
しかし、このままの状態が続けば、そのうち、朝ドラ（朝のドラッグストア）デビューしなければならない日がくるかもしれない。
ま、早起きは得意だし、開店までボーッとつっ立ってるだけのことだから、難しいことではない。
難しいのは、手間暇かけてもマスクが手に入らなかったときに、自分の感情を理性的にコントロールすること。
“ 溜まっていく一方の不満・ストレスをどう解消していくか”だろう。
事実、コロナ問題が原因で、家庭不和・ＤＶが増えているらしい。
「 コロナ離婚」という言葉まで出現している。
この災難は、健康や経済だけにとどまらず、人間的にも多くのマイナスをもたらしている。
しかし、何かしらのプラスを得られないわけではないと思う。
残念ながら、多くの人間は、失わなくても気づくことができる知恵を持ち合わせていない。
与えられている平和を当り前のことのように、手にしている恩恵を当り前のもののように勘違いして生きている。
失ってみて 多くのことに初めて気づき、初めて気づかされる。
こうした困難に遭ってこそ気づかされる大切な何か、苦難に遭ってこそ学ばされる大切な何か、災難に遭ってこそ養われる・練られる大切な何かがある。
もともと、人は、そ の “ 何か ” の種をもって生まれてくる 。
例えば、日常では影を潜めている家族愛や友情、無視している健康や寿命、衰弱している忍耐力や自制心、目をそむけている正義感や道徳心、遠ざけている使命感や責任感・・・
そういった、人が、ただの獣ではなく、人であるが故に大切にすべきものが、暗い土中から “ 芽 ” を出してくるのではないだろうか。
不安は大きい・・・将来に大きな不安を抱えている。
それでも、変わりなく時間は流れている。
この先も、望まない事態、逃げたくなるような出来事は起こるだろう。
ただ、今の苦境を楽境に、逆境を順境に反転させるのは、その “ 芽 ” 。
その芽は、今生で花を咲かせることはできないかもしれない、実をみのらせることはできないかもしれない。
また、人間がもつ愚弱な性質によって、途中で枯れてしまうかもしれない。
しかし、子や孫に、友や縁もゆかりもない若者に、次の世代・新しい時代に、歴史や教訓としてつないで花を咲かせ実をみのらせることはできる。
先の大戦による死苦痛悩悲哀が、今の平和の礎となっているように。
そのための人生、そのための生き方でも、生きる理由と価値は充分に見いだせるのではないだろうか。
生きていくのが面倒臭く思えるくらい、不満の芽・不安の芽が次々と出てくる昨今。
悪い意味での非日常に、気分も沈みがち。
それでも、希望の種はある。
どうあがいても、私の人生、あと もう少し 。
これから、自分の人生がどのように展開していくのか、想像を超えた人生が待っているのではないか、ほんの少しは楽しみに思える瞬間がある。
それは、これまで幾度も「死にたい！」と思ってしまうようなことがあったけど、結局のところ生かされてきたことを思い出し、また今、こうして生かされていることを覚えるとき。
同じように、この先も、この命が尽きるまでは生かしてもらえるだろうと思うと、一寸先の闇に一筋の光が射し、希望の芽を導いてくれるのである。
特殊清掃についてのお問い合わせは
