Both partners came from Jerusalem 's large religious Jewish community
A 14 - year - old Israeli girl has got a divorce from her 17 - year - old husband , making her what media are describing as the country 's youngest divorcee .
The divorce came after a rabbinical court ruled that their wedding met the major requirements of Jewish law .
The two sweethearts had exchanged vows in front of friends , exchanged a ring , and the union had been consummated .
When her parents found out what had occurred , they insisted on a religious divorce , which she initially refused .
Both partners come from traditionally religious Jewish families .
Legal consequence
The young couple are said to have recited their marriage vows in front of a group of friends and the husband gave his wife a ring .
The girl is said to have initially refused her parents ' demand for the divorce , saying she wanted to live with the boy .
She said she wanted to marry him officially when she was old enough .
The Israeli press says she only changed her mind when the boy 's parents offered her money .
The religious court in Jerusalem then held the divorce proceeding .
The divorce will go on the girl 's legal file , meaning that when she is 16 , her identity card will say she is divorced .
One consequence of this is that - if she follows Jewish religious law - she will not be able to marry anyone from the traditional Jewish priestly caste .
Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce Recipe
Ingredients For Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce
7 to 10 dried chipotle pepper chiles , de-stemmed and slit lengthwise
1/2 an onion , diced
1/3 cup apple cider vinegar
2 cloves garlic , minced
1/4 cup ketchup
1/4 cup soy sauce
1/4 teaspoon salt
3 cups water
Directions For Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce Recipe
Notes About the Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce Recipe
Main Course Variations with Adobo Sauce
Chicken with Adobo Sauce Recipe
2 - 3 Chipotle Peppers ( more or less to taste )
2 - 3 Pounds Chicken : breast , thighs , and / or legs
Other ingredients from above adobo sauce recipe
Take the chicken and sear it in a pot over high heat until the chicken is browned all over , about 5 minutes per side .
Set the chicken aside and turn the burner down to medium heat .
Pour the vinegar and 1 / 2 the water into the pan and scrap the bits of chicken off the bottom with a wooden spoon .
Add the onion , chipotle peppers , garlic , ketchup , salt , and the browned chicken to the pot .
Add enough water to almost cover the chicken .
Simmer the chicken adobo mixture over low heat until the chicken is cooked through and tender , about 30 minutes , turning the pieces of chicken occasionally .
Pork Roast with Adobo Sauce Recipe
3 - 4 Chipotle Peppers ( more or less to taste )
3 - 4 Pounds Pork Roast ( pork shoulder , pork butt )
Other ingredients from above adobo sauce recipe
Take the pork and sear it in a pot over high heat until the pork is browned all over , about 7 minutes per side .
Set the pork aside and turn the burner down to medium heat .
Pour the vinegar and 1 / 2 the water into the pan and scrap the bits of pork off the bottom with a wooden spoon .
Add the onion , chipotle peppers , garlic , ketchup , salt , and the browned pork to the pot .
Add enough water to almost cover the chicken .
Simmer the pork adobo mixture over low heat until the pork is cooked through and tender , about 60 minutes .
Beef Roast with Coconut Adobo Sauce Recipe
4 - 5 Chipotle Peppers ( more or less to taste )
3 - 4 Pounds Beef Roast ( beef shoulder , beef butt , stew beef )
1 can coconut milk ( 12 ounces )
Other ingredients from above adobo sauce recipe
Take the beef and sear it in a pot over high heat until the beef is browned all over , about 7 minutes per side .
Set the beef aside and turn the burner down to medium heat .
Pour the vinegar and 1 / 2 the water into the pan and scrap the bits of beef off the bottom with a wooden spoon .
Add the onion , chipotle peppers , garlic , ketchup , salt , and the browned beef to the pot .
Add enough water to almost cover the beef .
Simmer the beef adobo mixture over low heat until the beef is cooked through and tender , about 80 minutes .
Stir in the coconut milk and cook for around 5 minutes .
Love Chile Peppers ?
Come learn about 39 different chile peppers .
Some are mild like the Anaheim and some are so hot they are literally being used as weapons .
Complete with information about their origin and history , uses , and full - color photographs !
or as Available on Amazon.com or as a PDF Download
A great way to preserve chipotle peppers and to enhance their flavor is to store them in adobo sauce .
Making homemade chipotle peppers in adobo sauce is very easy and definitely superior to the canned adobo .
You can also freeze or can the homemade chipotle adobo mixture when you 're done to save it for up to a year .
Here is our foolproof recipe for homemade chipotle peppers in adobo sauce .
And if you do n't have time to make your own adobo sauce we recommend Embasa and La Costena brand chipotle peppers in adobo sauce .
Combine all of the ingredients in a pan and simmer , covered , over low heat heat until the liquid is reduced to about a cup .
This should take about an hour to an hour and a half .
Once the chipotle peppers in adobo sauce has reduced you are ready to let it cool and then use or store it .
This adobo sauce recipe will keep for several weeks in the refrigerator in an airtight container , or you can freeze or can the chipotle peppers in adobo sauce for up to a year .
You can also can the Chipotle Peppers in Adobo when you 're done to save them for up to a year .
Adobo is sometimes called the Filipino national dish .
Filipino adobo sauce does n't have the chipotle peppers in it but here some variations of the classic Filipino adobo recipes with the chipotles added .
To make main courses with adobo sauce from scratch you take the above recipe and reduce the number of peppers and add the meat .
Here 's a few variations : I like to serve my chicken with adobo sauce recipe over white or brown rice .
That way all the adobo sauce is soaked up and does n't go to waste .
I like to serve my pork with adobo sauce recipe shredded over spanish rice with black beans .
I like to serve my beef with adobo sauce recipe cut into chunks over white rice with a side or tortillas .
How true Keynes ' words have been .
Since its inception in 1913 the Federal Reserve Bank of the United States has perpetrated policies that have devalued the U.S. dollar by over 90 percent .
It has done this by increasing the money supply arbitrarily through fractional - reserve banking , interest rate adjustments and yes as the context of Keynes ' statement indicates through the printing of money out of thin air .
For the most part , almost all Americans have been oblivious to this grand larceny of epic proportions .
Many realize that they cannot buy as much as days gone by , but they do n't know exactly why .
Many realize that they will have to save / invest a lot more for a better retirement than their grandparents , but again many do not know why .
I remember a history teacher of mine bemoaning the fact that unlike his father of a generation earlier he could not afford to buy a new automobile each year .
He made more money than his father did , but that just did n't convert into a new car per annum .
The irony was that my history teacher , like many , loved Franklin Roosevelt , who was of course the very scoundrel responsible for taking us off the Gold Standard and allowing the Fed through our elected officials to print money at will and debase our currency .
What is truly amazing is that today given the consequences of fiat money and all the trillions of dollars the Fed has already printed for “ economic recovery ” there is still a large clamoring for more artificial dollar production to “ thaw ” credit markets .
Most pundits , journalists , and economists are badgering the incoming Obama Administration and Congress to do more .
Well , their wish is about to come true .
Congress is considering an $ 825 billion “ economic recovery plan ” .
The plan would do everything from making homes more energy efficient to , if you can believe it , infusing cash into money - losing companies to help them stay afloat .
It 's the old , the government can solve all of our problems with no costs mentality .
Of course , for those of us that understand why we have to save more for retirement and why most of us no longer can buy a new car every year it is more of the same the Federal Reserve counterfeiting our currency and thereby devaluing it based on false economic theory that was discredited long ago .
The facts speak for themselves .
Uncle Sam has already injected over $ 2 trillion to thaw credit markets and stimulate the economy .
What do we have to show for it a surging unemployment rate , the lowest consumer confidence in a long time , and still no pick up in banks loaning money again .
As of the week ending December 17 , 2008 , the cash reserves of banks in the U.S. increased to $ 774.4 billion from $ 604.7 billion in November and an incredible $ 2.39 billion in December 2007 .
In December the yearly rate of growth of commercial bank loans fell to 3.55 from 4.8 % in November and a hearty 10.2 % in December 2007 .
Remember how we were told by the Paulson / Bernanke / Bush Crime Syndicate that if Congress did n't appropriate $ 700 billion in October the world would come to an end ?
Their scare tactics were based on phony economics then and consideration of even more spending now is based on equally phony economic assumptions .
Make no mistake about it , even though the Fed has pumped trillions of dollars into the economy prices continue to fall .
That 's because consumers , banks , and other businesses have not bought into the government 's phony recovery scheme and are saving their cash for harder economic times to come .
Those times will come and be accompanied by the realization of most Americans that the dollar has been devalued enormously and they better spend theirs before it is too late .
At that point , the resulting inflation and lack of goods to buy from all the spending will send us into an economic ice age .
Unfortunately , even then , Keynes words will be prophetic .
I am sure the Fed 's printing press activities will not be blamed for our disaster .
Like now , the blame will fall on capitalism .
Editor 's Note : Since this article first appeared , Bo Berry has released the Safe Math Library which complements the Safe C Library by catching arithmetic overflows .
The recently released Safe C Library implements a subset of the functions defined in the ISO TR24731 specification which is designed to provide alternative functions for the C Library ( as defined in ISO / IEC 9899:1999 ) that promotes safer , more secure programming in C .
The Safe C Library ( available for download here ) provides bound checking memory and string functions per ISO / IEC TR24731 .
These functions are alternative functions to the existing Standard C Library .
The functions verify that output buffers are large enough for the intended result , and return a failure indicator if they are not .
Optionally , failing functions call a " runtime - constraint handler " to report the error .
Data is never written past the end of an array .
All string results are null terminated .
In addition , the functions in ISO / IEC TR 24731 - 1:2007 are re-entrant : they never return pointers to static objects owned by the function .
Included in the Safe C Library are extensions to the specification to provide a complementary set of functions with like behavior .
The library can be used to mitigate ( that is , lessen ) software security problems .
When used properly , these functions decrease the danger of buffer overruns and the vulnerability of cyber attacks .
The ISO TR24731 Bounds Checking Interface documents indicate that the key motivation for the new specification is to help mitigate the ever increasing security attacks -- specifically the buffer overrun .
According to the rationale document :
Buffer overrun attacks continue to be a security problem .
Roughly 10 % of vulnerability reports cataloged by CERT from 01/01/2005 to 07/01/2005 involved buffer overflows .
Preventing buffer overruns is the primary , but not the only , motivation for this technical report .
The rationale document goes on to say that :
... these only mitigate , that is lessen , security problems .
When used properly , these functions decrease the danger buffer overrun attacks .
Source code may remain vulnerable due to other bugs and security issues .
The highest level of security is achieved by building in layers of security utilizing multiple strategies .
The rationale document also lists the following key points for TR24731 :
Guard against overflowing a buffer
Do not produce unterminated strings
Do not unexpectedly truncate strings
Provide a library useful to existing code
Preserve the null terminated string datatype
Only require local edits to programs
Library based solution
Support compile - time checking
Make failures obvious
Zero buffers , null strings
Runtime - constraint handler mechanism
Support re-entrant code
Consistent naming scheme
Have a uniform pattern for the function parameters and return type
Deference to existing technology
The Safe C Library only implements a subset of the functions defined in the specification .
Included in the library are extensions to the specification to provide a complementary set of functions with like behavior .
Among the design considerations for Safe C are :
Use of errno .
The TR24731 specification says an implementation may set errno for the functions defkned in the technical report , but is not required to .
This library does not set errno .
The library does use errno return codes as required by functional APIs .
Specific Safe C String and Safe C Memory errno codes are defined in the safe_errno.h file .
.
The TR24731 specification says an implementation may set for the functions defkned in the technical report , but is not required to .
This library does not set errno .
The library does use return codes as required by functional APIs .
Specific Safe C String and Safe C Memory codes are defined in the safe_errno.h file .
Runtime - constraints .
Per the spec , the library verifies that the calling program does not violate the function 's runtime - constraints .
If a runtime - constraint is violated , the library calls the currently registered runtime - constraint handler .
Per the spec , multiple runtime - constraint violations in the same call to a library function result in only one call to the runtime - constraint handler .
The first violation encountered invokes the runtime - constraint handler .
The runtime - constraint handler might not return .
If the handler does return , the library function whose runtime - constraint was violated returns an indication of failure as given by the function 's return .
.
Per the spec , the library verifies that the calling program does not violate the function 's runtime - constraints .
If a runtime - constraint is violated , the library calls the currently registered runtime - constraint handler .
Per the spec , multiple runtime - constraint violations in the same call to a library function result in only one call to the runtime - constraint handler .
The first violation encountered invokes the runtime - constraint handler .
The runtime - constraint handler might not return .
If the handler does return , the library function whose runtime - constraint was violated returns an indication of failure as given by the function 's return .
rsize_t .
The specification defines a new type .
This type , rsize_t , is conditionally defined in the safe_lib.h header file .
.
The specification defines a new type .
This type , , is conditionally defined in the safe_lib.h header file .
RSIZE_MAX Macro .
The specification defines the macro RSIZE_MAX which expands to a value of type rsize_t .
The specification uses RSIZE_MAX for both the string functions and the memory functions .
This implementation defines two macros : RSIZE_MAX_STR and RSIZE_MAX_MEM .
RSIZE_MAX_STR defines the range limit for the safe string functions .
RSIZE_MAX_MEM defines the range limit for the safe memory functions .
The point is that string limits can and should be different from memory limits .
.
The specification defines the macro RSIZE_MAX which expands to a value of type .
The specification uses RSIZE_MAX for both the string functions and the memory functions .
This implementation defines two macros : RSIZE_MAX_STR and RSIZE_MAX_MEM .
RSIZE_MAX_STR defines the range limit for the safe string functions .
RSIZE_MAX_MEM defines the range limit for the safe memory functions .
The point is that string limits can and should be different from memory limits .
Configurations .
Optional features and system dependent features can be configured by macros in the Safe C library header files .
These can be found by a grep of the files : grep CONFIGURE *.h.
.
Optional features and system dependent features can be configured by macros in the Safe C library header files .
These can be found by a grep of the files : grep CONFIGURE *.h. Header Files .
The specification states the variopus functions would be added to existing Standard C header files : stdio.h , string.h , etc .
This implementation separates the memory related functions into the safe_mem_lib.h header and the string related functions into the safe_str_lib.h header .
The make file builds a single library safe_lib. a in the ../ lib directory .
It is possible to split the make such that a separate safe_mem_lib . a and safe_str_lib . a are built .
It is also possible to integrate the prototypes into the Standard C header files , but that may require changes to your development tool chain .
Acknowledgements
Thanks to Safe C Project Adminstrator Bo Berry who prepared the readme file on which this short description is based .
× Module Install Instructions
To install Digest :: MD5 :: Reverse , simply copy and paste either of the commands in to your terminal
cpanm
cpanm Digest:: MD5:: Reverse
CPAN shell
perl - MCPAN -e shell install Digest :: MD5 :: Reverse
For more information on module installation please visit the detailed CPAN module installation guide .
Today my uncle and I were driving in his truck .
We live in the USA , in Minnesota , where it ’s currently snowing ; his truck has a plow on the front .
We were traveling at a modest 10 mph , and suddenly there ’s a speed bump , we go over it , CRUNK goes the plow into the ground afterward , we almost flip the truck !
We were n’t even going fast , and we were punished !
What could be done !
Designers Jae-yun Kim & Jong - Su
Lee say it ’s time to move on !
No more of this silly giant bumps in the road when we could advance !
So what do they do ?
They make a speed bump that ’s based on retractors that open if the impact with them is small enough .
These speed bumps can be configured so that if a car is going below 30 km / h , the speed bump flattens ; over 30 km / h , the force causes the retractor to stay closed , keeping the speed bump active .
What a lovely goal : “ Encouraging drivers to retain a constant slow speed will reduce the amount of stops and starts made , and thus , the amount of exhaust waste from the car .
It is hoped that this retractable speed hump would therefore have positive effects on energy consumption and pollution . ”
Designers : Jae-yun Kim & Jong - Su Lee
Last year a grainy photo of an Aboriginal soldier who fought in World War I was published on ABC Online and in newspapers in a bid by a group of filmmakers to learn the man 's identity .
All the filmmakers knew was that he was one of around 5,000 tunnellers who spent the war laying mines under German trenches on the Western Front .
The mines were detonated to blow up the trenches overhead and create breaches in the front line which could then be exploited by conventional infantry attacks .
Now , for the first time , the Aboriginal soldier can be identified as Herbert Murray .
Ross Thomas , who is involved in the Beneath Hill 60 film project , originally found the 1917 snapshot .
It depicts seven men in slouch hats before they are sent into the tunnels , but does not name them .
" It 's been haunting me for a number of years , " Mr Thomas said .
Now an amateur historian in Canberra has found another photo of the same soldier that does have a name .
" The match is nigh on perfect and quite emotional to see that match , " Mr Thomas said .
Sapper Murray , from Victoria , may have been the only tunneller out of the 500 or so Aboriginal men who fought in World War I .
Sapper Murray would have spent the war in cramped and perilous conditions underground , trying to break the deadlock on the Western Front .
Historian Jonathan King says Australian tunnellers ' war efforts have been largely overlooked in favour of the men who fought in the trenches .
" They were the heroes because they were above ground and were easy to see , " Mr King said .
" The tunnellers were under the ground .
Nobody quite realised what they were doing . "
The Australian War Memorial has tunnellers ' unit diaries , but there is little else to mark their contribution to the war .
Mr Thomas says the tunnellers have largely been forgotten because of a political and military amnesia at the time .
" It was the ungentleman - like way of fighting , " he said .
" This whole concept of tunnelling below the enemy lines and placing a charge was n't the honourable way of killing . "
Dr Peter Pederson , senior historian at the Australian War Memorial , says in proportion to the army as a whole , tunnellers represent a very small element .
" Their work naturally was accompanied by very high security ; the fewer people who knew about it the better and it just did n't have the dash or the impact that a big attack above ground would have , " Dr Pederson said .
" But most of the mine craters , the big mine craters , are still there .
" They 're an evocative reminder of what happened . "
- Adapted from report by Zoie Jones for AM
Boulder aims to become the world ’s first smart grid city this year , taking the first step towards President Barack Obama ’s vision of a “ smart ” electrical grid that is key to America ’s energy future .
In his inaugural speech , Obama said a smart grid could save money , protect power sources from blackout or attack and deliver clean energy nationwide .
The $ 819 billion economic stimulus bill approved by the U.S.
House included up to $ 32 billion to upgrade the country ’s electric grid .
The Senate is working on its own version .
By 2010 , Boulder homeowners will monitor how much power they ’re consuming .
Plug - in electric vehicles will feed power into the grid .
Energy - saving appliances and thermostats will feed information to the network .
All thanks to Xcel Energy , the nation ’s No. 1 retail provider of wind power , which is leading the $ 100 million effort in this university city of 100,000 in the Rockies foothills .
All of this will enable Xcel to distribute electricity when and where it ’s needed , saving millions of dollars and the need to build more power plants .
That is just one of many benefits which include lower carbon emissions as energy use is matched with the availability of power sources such as wind and solar , and savings by avoiding power disruptions .
“ This really is the only truly smart - grid city in the country , ” said Roy Palmer , Xcel ’s project executive for the program .
“ All the components have never been brought together at one time . ”
Colorado ’s largest electric utility , Minneapolis - based Xcel , has installed about 14,000 “ smart ” meters that provide information to the utility and to customers .
Xcel and its contractors have strung more than 100 miles of cable over power lines for broadband transmission and hooked up a handful of homes to program and monitor energy use .
The system is expected to be completed by June , with most of the city ’s 45,000 meters capable of two - way communication and Internet access so customers can actively control how and when they use energy .
Some households will be part of a test that eliminates meters altogether to concentrate on getting energy use information over the Internet .
Other partners in the venture are the city of Boulder , the University of Colorado , the Boulder - based National Institute of Standards and Technology and the nearby National Renewable Laboratory in Golden .
A key feature of the whole system is the use of plug - in electric hybrid vehicles to draw energy from the grid and contribute to it , turning them into “ mobile storage devices , ” .
Boulder County is converting three of its hybrid vehicles so they can deliver power into the system .
The total conversion cost is reportedly $ 10,000 to $ 15,000 .
“ A lot of people around the world are looking at Boulder , ” said Brendan Herron , vice president of corporate development and strategy for Maryland - based Current Group , a provider of two - way , high - speed communication .
Herron , whose company works abroad , said interest in the project has come from as far as China .
Val Peterson knows firsthand about the global interest .
Some of those world travelers have milled through her house .
Peterson and her husband , G.P. “ Bud ” Peterson , chancellor of the University of Colorado - Boulder , have turned the chancellor ’s residence into a showcase for the smart grid effort .
Peterson , a retired Spanish teacher , recently tapped on a laptop computer in a formal dining room to check settings for the home ’s thermostats , electricity being generated by solar panels on the roof , and the carbon dioxide emissions being avoided as a result .
The Petersons program an electric hybrid SUV to draw power when system demand is low and when the energy source is likely to be wind .
They have a backup lithium ion battery that can supply their house with several hours of power in an emergency .
Energy consumption in the 7,000 - square - foot house , which has public areas for university events , has dropped 30 percent .
University of Colorado behavioral scientists are working to gauge if people are willing to become more active energy consumers .
“ There ’s a lot technology involved in what Xcel ’s doing , ” Bud Peterson said .
“ But if we ’re not able to change people ’s behavior , then all the technology in the world is n’t going to help . ”
Utilities , companies and communities nationwide are installing digital meters and forming partnerships to modernize a grid that has changed little over the last century .
Austin , Texas , is designing its own citywide smart grid .
Xcel chose Boulder out of eight cities in Wisconsin , Minnesota and Colorado that wanted to participate .
Boulder ’s geographic concentration , its size and a highly wired , environmentally conscious populace were factors in the decision .
Palmer said the project , about five years in the works , was pursued by Ray Gogel , Xcel vice president and chief information officer , and Dick Kelly , Xcel CEO , chairman and president .
Xcel expects to cover at least 15 percent of the $ 100 million cost with its partners providing the rest in funding or through in - kind services .
“ A lot of people are talking ” about smart grids , said Peter Corsell , CEO of GridPoint Inc. of Arlington , Va. , which provides the information technology and is working in both Boulder and Austin .
“ Xcel was the first utility to come out with a clearly defined , complete plan , integrated end to end . ”
Image by Ian Muttoo on flickr under the Creative Commons license
🔝 RECOMAND ) Servicii de consultanta afaceri / gdpr/ muncii / firme / recuperari creante #viatadupacriza
NU OFERIM CONSULTANTA JURIDICA
Daca v-ati gandit sa infiintati o firma sau un pfa va putem ajuta cu cateva sfaturi
Covid - 19 in firma dvs .
Daca aveti o firma va putem ajuta cu tot ce este necesar pentru functionarea dvs .
si anume : servicii afaceri , servicii contabilitate , obtinere avize , autorizatii … cam „ tot ce misca ” pe consultanta dupa crizain firma dvs .
_______________________________________________________________
COLTUC SI ASOCIATII SAI va poate ajuta cu consultanta afaceri si recuperari creante datorii si debite .
Vezi si infiintare firma pfa , Gdpr si Obtinere avize la firma ta sau persoana fizica
Ce inseamna consultanta afaceri ?
Ce este recuperare creante debite si datorii ?
Ce acte si cat costa infiintarea unei firme si pfa ?
Ce este Gdpr ?
Cum pot obtine avize pentru firma sau persoana fizica ?
Vezi coltuc.ro sau coltucsiasociatii.ro
Telefon : 0745 150 894
Programări : coltucsiasociatii.ro
CONSULTANTA AFACERI IN BUSINESS ROMANIA
COLTUC SI ASOCIATII SAI va poate ajuta cu consultanta afaceri si recuperari creante datorii si debite .
Music composer Garry Schyman sits in his Culver City studio , at a desk topped with Gustav Mahler biographies and Krzysztof Penderecki recordings , and ponders the hero ’s predicament .
He pivots to his keyboard and plays a handful of chords conveying utter loss , the draining of hope .
If you happen to play the video game Resistance : Retribution after it ’s released next spring , you ’ll take on the role of a British soldier working to subvert an alien invasion in post - apocalyptic Europe .
Schyman ’s soundtrack will accompany your virtual exploits , heightening your thrills and frustrations .
The game ’s creators want the 90 - second piece he is creating now , “ Luxembourg Suspense , ” to project despair as the hero is cornered by hordes of venomous creatures eager for their next meal .
Which song will come next ?
That depends entirely on the player .
If he fights , the game triggers a Schyman tune designed to crank up the adrenaline .
A victory is rewarded by a triumphant score ; death triggers a dirge .
In a few short years , as the visual effects and realism of video games have evolved , so too have their soundtracks -- from comical bleeps and annoying loops of ear candy to lush , epic soundtracks that instantly adapt to fit whatever a player decides to do .
With an expected $ 50 billion in global sales this year , video games have turned into such a big business that established composers from film and television are signing on to create the sweeping scores and intricate sounds that help guide players through their missions .
Advertisement
Harry Gregson - Williams , who scored “ Shrek , ” created the music for the action game Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots .
Steve Jablonsky , the composer for “ Transformers , ” wrote music for the Sims and Gears of War 2 .
Danny Elfman , whose theme music for the 1989 “ Batman ” movie won him a Grammy Award , scored the role - playing adventure game series Fable .
The gigs pay well : Composers can receive as much as $ 2,000 for each minute of music they write , with a typical game requiring 60 to 90 minutes of music .
Including the allowance for hiring musicians , renting recording studios and post - production work , the music budgets for top - notch games can reach as high as half a million dollars .
--
Creating music for games is a unique task .
Since Resistance : Retribution is still being created , Schyman has to compose without seeing any of the action .
He works from a spreadsheet sent by the game ’s developers in Oregon , with each of roughly three dozen lines telling him what kind of short song is required for a given scene .
The game ’s programmers will later be able to take apart the 63 minutes of music clips Schyman is creating , then weave them back together in numerous combinations to make them last through hours of game play without getting tedious .
Advertisement
Unlike the linear storytelling of movies , the plots of games vary based on the second - by - second decisions made by players .
“ With a film , you ’re given a scene , and you have to follow the tempo and flow that the director has created , ” Jablonsky said .
“ With games , I ’m told to write a 2 - minute piece of music in a certain style to make players feel a certain way .
I ’m not given any pictures to work from , so I have to make that up in my head .
It ’s an interesting challenge to write without any pictures , but fun . ”
Brian Schmidt , a game composer in Bellevue , Wash . , sums up the task by referencing a situation in the movie “ The Truman Show . ”
In it , Jim Carrey plays an insurance salesman who discovers that his entire life is a televised reality series .
Since his actions are live and unscripted , the show ’s soundtrack is created on the spot by a pianist improvising based on what Truman does .
“ In games , you never know what the player will choose to do next .
The music has to be able to adapt to whatever the player does , ” said Aaron Marks , a Fallbrook , Calif. , composer and co-author of the book “ Game Development Essentials : Game Audio Development . ”
Advertisement
Few composers have made a more complete transition from film to games than Schyman .
The classically trained composer , whose credits include the film “ Lost in Africa ” and the TV series “ Magnum , P.I. ” and “ Father Murphy , ” now makes a good living crafting video game music .
In the early 1990s , intrigued by the potential of a new form of entertainment that lets players participate in the storytelling , Schyman took on his first game project with a title called Voyeur .
It was among the first to feature music recorded with an orchestra .
Back then , game gigs did n’t pay very well , and consoles could n’t support sophisticated audio .
After three titles , Schyman returned to scoring for film and television .
In 2004 , he took a chance on a game called Destroy All Humans .
By then , consoles had morphed into powerful computers , and their high - quality audio meant games could feature movielike soundtracks .
What ’s more , games had become such a moneymaker that development budgets for individual titles were in the millions of dollars , with several hundred thousand going into music and sound effects alone .
Now all of Schyman ’s commissions come from games , thanks to growing admiration among developers for his ability to create memorable scores .
Although he will consider the occasional TV or movie job , he relishes game assignments because , in addition to providing steady work , they allow a greater range of creative freedom and challenge him technically .
Advertisement
“ Film music can be very soft and ambient , ” he said .
“ But game developers want strong musical statements .
So from a creative standpoint , games are a great place to be right now . ”
For the Resistance : Retribution soundtrack , Schyman hired a nine - piece brass ensemble and rented London Bridge Studio in Shoreline , Wash .
Within the same brick walls where Seattle grunge was defined in the 1990s by bands such as Alice in Chains , Soundgarden and Pearl Jam , Schyman conducted the horns , trombone , trumpets and tubas thundering through his score .
The ground shook as it would with the weight of armies marching to battle .
The musicians never played more than a couple of minutes at a time , and they often paused after mere seconds .
The music is recorded in snippets so it can be converted into digital fragments that can be mixed , blended and summoned to follow the events in the game .
To tie music to specific actions and plot twists , game developers create hundreds of triggers : Entering a room , opening a box , drawing a sword , confronting an enemy , losing a battle or solving a riddle can each prompt the appropriate melody .
Advertisement
It ’s more than just turning tracks on and off .
The music has to flow seamlessly to match the level of intensity within a game without being repetitive , annoying or jarring .
“ Garry ’s music has to have enough flexibility to be able to turn on a dime and still have enough depth to be interesting , ” said John Garvin , director of product development at Sony ’s Bend Studio , where Resistance : Retribution is being developed .
--
Schools are recognizing the growing demand for game composers .
After fervent lobbying by students , the Berklee College of Music in Boston this fall started a game - scoring curriculum .
Its two classes quickly filled to capacity .
Advertisement
“ It really is its own genre , ” said Dan Carlin , chairman of the school ’s film scoring department .
“ It ’s also a booming business , and we just want to learn more about it and pass it along to students so they can go out and find work . ”
The game scores can be entertaining in their own right .
A concert series called Video Games Live features songs such as the themes to Space Invaders , Halo and World of Warcraft , performed by symphonies and vocalists .
It has been selling out venues across the globe since it debuted before an audience of 11,000 at the Hollywood Bowl in July 2005 .
The concert ’s producers , Tommy Tallarico and Jack Wall , this summer put out a compilation of 11 songs played during their shows .
Within a week , the album hit No. 10 on Billboard magazine ’s list of top crossover classical albums .
Since then , Tallarico said , the CD has sold more than 20,000 copies .
If done right , game music can “ turn a powerful experience into a sublime experience , ” said Ken Levine , whose Boston - based studio , Irrational Games , created the hit game BioShock .
Advertisement
Levine , BioShock ’s lead developer , was initially skeptical of how music could add to a game .
While playing games , he would mute the sound and crank up his own albums .
But Schyman surprised him .
In the game ’s first scene , players find themselves in a once - beautiful world that has slipped into decay as its inhabitants fall victim to a mysterious dark force .
Levine said the foreboding score sets the tone for the horrors to come .
“ He was able to project the grandeur and collapse of this city with music that had a certain longing in it , ” Levine said .
“ Now I ca n’t imagine that scene without Garry ’s score . ”
--
Advertisement
alex.pham@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Garry Schyman
Advertisement
Profession : Music composer for movies , television shows and video games
Location : Culver City
Age : 54
Education : Bachelor ’s degree in music composition , USC
Advertisement
Game credits : BioShock , Destroy All Humans , Voyeur , Full Spectrum Warrior : Ten Hammers
Film and TV credits : “ Magnum , P.I. , ” “ Father Murphy , ” “ Rags to Riches , ” “ Spooky House , ” “ Lost in Africa ”
Source : Times research
--
Advertisement
About this series
The Work of Play is a series of occasional articles exploring some of the jobs created by the video game industry .
For more stories , graphics , photos and videos , visit latimes.com/workofplay .
Ramsay ’s restaurants have seen huge expansion
The loan was given when the chef was at the height of his popularity and set about a massive expansion programme with new restaurants opening all over the world . [ > [>
Financial sources say RBS made ­recent enquiries about calling in the loan to Gordon Ramsay Holdings , which is run by Gordon Ramsay , 41 , and his father - in - law , Chris Hutcheson . [ > [>
Neither Mr Ramsay nor Mr Hutcheson was available to comment last night on the claims and explain what measures are being put in place to keep the business moving in the right direction . [>
[> City sources said the directors could seek loans from another bank , ­although all leading banks are facing the same difficulties as RBS . [ > [>
Both men are independently wealthy and would be able to draw on substantial cash reserves if they chose to go down that route . [ > [>
The situation has put a question mark over the expansion of the business , which had been on target to make £ 100 million by next year . [ >
[>
The credit crunch is already having a damaging effect across the whole restaurant industry , particularly at the top end of the market with fewer people being able to afford fine dining . [ > [>
Accounts to the year ending August 2006 show RBS provided the company with an overdraft and loans facility worth a total of £ 10.5 million . [ >
[>
The company offered as collateral against this “ debenture over the present and future assets of the company , Gordon Ramsay Holdings International Limited , and its subsidiaries and personal guarantees from directors ” . [> [>
In the worst case scenario , the bank could end up owning Ramsay ’s restaurants and some personal assets belonging to the celebrity chef and Mr Hutcheson who are both directors of the firm . [ >
[> RBS declined to comment as did Mr Ramsay ’s PR company , Sauce Communications . [ > [>
The company is due to file accounts by the end of the month and has ­already been fined £ 1,500 by Companies House for not filing on time . [ > [>
Gordon Ramsay is said to earn about £ 2 million a year for his television ­series with Channel 4 and earns substantial sums from sales of cookery books and television shows in the US . [>
[> Mr Hutcheson , 61 , is the chief executive officer and was already independently wealthy before going into business with the husband of his daughter , Tana . [ > [>
He has a 31 per cent stake in the company with Mr Ramsay apparently holding the rest , giving him enormous financial responsibilities . [ > [>
Last week there were signs of problems when Gordon Ramsay Holdings parted company with its long - standing PR Gary Farrow , a highly respected figure in the industry credited with ­increasing the popularity of the restaurants and successfully firefighting scandals surrounding the television star . [ >
Spider Robinson 's latest podcast installment is a reading of John Varley 's towering and brilliant 1979 novella , " The Persistence of Vision , " winner of both the Hugo and Nebula Awards .
I'm a gigantic John Varley fan ( especially of his short fiction ) and this story may be the best of the lot .
" The Persistence of Vision , " is the story of a drifter crossing America during a terrible depression who happens upon a Taos commune run by and for a community of blind - deaf people , the adult cohort of a decades - gone German measles epidemic .
In the commune ( " Keller " ) , the narrator discovers important , unsuspected truths about independence and interdependence , communication and community , and the power of hope and perseverance .
This story pulls off one of science fiction 's best tricks : exploring the fundamental question of whether disasters demand that you bug out , heading for the hills to wait out the disaster , or bug in , grabbing your go - bag and heading for your neighbors ' to see how you can help .
This is a timely reading — and not just because the economy is in free - fall .
Technology is rupture — each new wave of technological change displaces and remakes us .
Today 's technocratic winners are tomorrow 's superannuated losers .
The future of human history will be about how we answer the bug in / bug out question .
Every time I read this story , it fills me with sorrow and hope and makes me mist over , and Robinson 's reading is no exception .
If you only listen to one piece of audio this week , make it Spider 's reading of " The Persistence of Vision . "
MP3 link to " Persistence of Vision ,
Spider on the Web podcast feed ,
Spider on the Web homepage
The John Varley Reader : 30 Years of Short Fiction
30th November 2008 , 11:29 pm
What kind of thing is a movie ?
Or a song ?
Or a trajectory from point A to point B ?
If you ’re a computer programmer / programmee , you might say that such things are sequences of values ( frames , audio samples , or spatial locations ) .
I ’d suggest that these discrete sequences are representations of something more essential , namely a flow of continuously time - varying values .
Continuous models , whether in time or space , are often more compact , precise , adaptive , and composable than their discrete counterparts .
Functional programming offers great support for sequences of variable length .
Lazy functional programming adds infinite sequences , often called streams , which allows for more elegant and modular programming .
Functional programming also has functions as first class values , and when the function ’s domain is ( conceptually ) continuous , we get a continuous counterpart to infinite streams .
Streams , sequences , and functions are three corners of a square .
Streams are discrete and infinite , sequences are discrete and finite , and functions - on - reals are continuous and infinite .
The missing corner is continuous and finite , and that corner is the topic of this post .
infinite finite discrete Stream Sequence continuous Function ???
You can download the code for this post .
Edits :
2008 -12-01 : Added Segment.hs link .
2008 - 12-01 : Added Monoid instance for function segments .
instance for function segments .
2008 -12-01 : Renamed constructor “ DF ” to “ FS ” ( for “ function segment ” )
” to “ ” ( for “ function segment ” ) 2008 - 12-05 :
Tweaked the inequality in mappend on ( t :-># a ) .
Streams
I ’ll be using Wouter Swierstra ’s Stream library .
A stream is an infinite sequence of values :
data Stream a = Cons a ( Stream a )
Stream is a functor and an applicative functor .
instance Functor Stream where fmap f ( Cons x xs ) = Cons ( f x ) ( fmap f xs ) instance Applicative Stream where pure = repeat ( <*>) = zipWith ( $ ) repeat :: a ->
Stream a repeat x = Cons x ( repeat x )
Comonads
Recently I ’ve gotten enamored with comonads , which are dual to monads .
In other words , comonads are like monads but wearing their category arrows backwards .
I ’ll be using the comonad definitions from the category - extras library .
The most helpful intuitive description I ’ve found is that comonads describe values in context .
The return method injects a pure value into a monadic value ( having no effect ) .
return :: Monad m => a -> m a
The dual to monadic return is extract ( sometimes called “ counit ” or “ coreturn “ ) , which extracts a value out of a comonadic value ( discarding the value ’s context ) .
category - extras library splites this method out from Comonad into the Copointed class :
extract :: Copointed w => w a -> a
Monadic values are typically produced in effectful computations :
a -> m b
Comonadic values are typically consumed in context - sensitive computations :
w a -> b
( Kleisli arrows wrap the producer pattern , while CoKleisli arrows wrap the consumer pattern . )
Monads have a way to extend a monadic producer into one that consumes to an entire monadic value :
(=<<) :: ( Monad m ) => ( a -> m b ) -> ( m a -> m b)
We more often see this operation in its flipped form ( obscuring the conceptual distinction between Haskell arrows and arbitrary category arrows ) :
(>>= ) :: ( Monad m ) => m a -> ( a -> m b ) -> m b
Dually , comonads have a way to extend a comonadic consumer into one that produces an entire comonadic value :
extend :: ( Comonad w ) => ( w a -> b ) -> ( w a -> w b )
which also has a flipped version :
(=>> ) :: ( Comonad w ) => w a -> ( w a -> b ) -> w b
Another view on monads is as having a way to join two monadic levels into one .
join :: ( Monad m ) => m ( m a ) -> m a
Dually , comonads have a way to duplicate one level into two :
duplicate :: ( Comonad w ) => w a -> w ( w a )
For a monad , any of join , ( =<< ) , and ( >>= ) can be used to define the others .
For a comonad , any of duplicate , extend , and ( = >> ) can be used to define the others .
The Stream comonad
What might the stream comonad be ?
The Stream library already has functions of the necessary types for extract and duplicate , corresponding to familiar list functions :
head :: Stream a -> a head ( Cons x _ ) = x tails :: Stream a ->
Stream ( Stream a ) tails xs = Cons xs ( tails ( tail xs ) )
where
tail :: Stream a ->
Stream a tail ( Cons _ xs ) = xs
Indeed , head and tails are just what we ’re looking for .
instance Copointed Stream where extract = head instance Comonad Stream where duplicate = tails
There is also a Monad instance for Stream , in which return is repeat ( matching pure as expected ) and join is diagonalization , producing a stream whose nth element is the nth element of the nth element of a given stream of streams .
Exercise : The indexing function ( !! ) is a sort of semantic function for Stream .
Show that (!! ) is a morphism for Functor , Applicative , Monad , and Comonad .
In other words , the meaning of the functor is the functor of the meanings , and similarly for the other type classes .
The Comonad case has a little wrinkle .
See the posts on type class morphisms .
Adding finiteness
Lists and other possibly - finite sequence types add an interesting new aspect over streams , which is concatenation , usually wrapped in a Monoid instance .
class Monoid o where mempty :: o mappend :: o -> o -> o
Lists also have take and drop operations , which can undo the effect of concatenation , as well as a notion of length ( duration ) .
Let ’s generalize these three to be methods of a new type class , Segment , so that we can defined continuous versions .
class Segment seg len where length :: seg -> len drop :: len -> seg -> seg take :: len -> seg -> seg
For lists , we can use the prelude functions
instance Segment [ a ]
Int where length = Prelude. length drop = Prelude.drop take = Prelude.
take
Or the more generic versions :
instance Integral i => Segment [ a ] i where length = genericLength drop = genericDrop take = genericTake
These three functions relate to mappend , to give us the following “ Segment laws ” :
drop ( length as ) ( as `mappend` bs ) == bs take ( length as ) ( as `mappend` bs ) == as t <= length as == > length ( take t as ) == t t <= length as == > length ( drop t as ) == length as - t
Adding continuity
Streams and lists are discrete , containing countably many or finitely many elements .
They both have continuous counterparts .
When we think of a stream as a function from natural numbers , then John Reynolds ’s alternative arises : functions over real numbers , i.e. , a continuum of values .
If we want uni-directional streams , then stick with non-negative reals .
Many stream and list operations are meaningful and useful not only for discrete sequences but also for their continuous counterparts .
The infinite ( stream - like ) case is already handled by the class instances for functions found in the GHC base libraries ( Control .
Functor .
Instances and Control .
Applicative ) .
instance Functor ( (-> ) t ) where fmap = (. ) instance Applicative ( (-> ) t ) where pure = const ( f <*> g ) x = ( f x ) ( g x ) instance Monad ( (-> ) t ) where return = const f >>= k = t -> k ( f t ) t
As a consequence ,
join f == f >>= id == t -> f t t
Assume a type wrapper , NonNeg , for non-negative values .
For discrete streams , r == NonNeg Integer , while for continuous streams , r == NonNeg R , for some type R representing reals .
The co-monadic instances from the category - extras library :
instance Monoid o => Copointed ( (->) o ) where extract f = f mempty instance Monoid o => Comonad ( (->) o ) where duplicate f x = y -> f ( x `mappend` y )
Finite and continuous
Functions provide a setting for generalized streams .
How do we add finiteness ?
A very simple answer is to combine a length ( duration ) with a function , to form a “ function segment ” :
data t :-># a = FS t ( t -> a )
The domain of this function is from zero to just short of the given length .
Now let ’s define class instances .
Exercise : Show that all of the instances below are semantically consistent with the Stream and ZipList instances .
Monoid
Empty function segments have zero duration .
Concatenation adds durations and samples either function , right - shifting the second one .
instance ( Ord t , Num t ) => Monoid ( t :-># a ) where mempty = FS 0 ( error " sampling empty 't :-># a ' " ) FS c f `mappend` FS d g = FS ( c + d ) ( t -> if t <= c then f t else g ( t - c ) )
Segment
The Segment operations are easy to define :
instance Num t => Segment ( t :-># a ) t where length ( FS d _ ) = d drop t ( FS d f ) = FS ( d - t ) ( t ' -> f ( t + t' ) ) take t ( FS _ f ) = FS t f
Notice what ’s going on with drop .
The length gets shortened by t ( the amount dropped ) , and the function gets shifted ( to the “ left ” ) by t .
There ’s also a tantalizing resemblance between this drop definition and duplicate for the function comonad .
We ’ll return in another post to tease out this and
I ’ve allowed dropping or taking more than is present , though these cases can be handled with an error or a by taking or dropping fewer elements ( as with the list drop and take functions ) .
Functor , Zip and Applicative
fmap applies a given function to each of the function values , leaving the length unchanged .
instance Functor ( (:-># ) t ) where fmap h ( FS d f ) = FS d ( h . f )
zip pairs corresponding segment values and runs out with the shorter segment .
( See More beautiful fold zipping for the Zip class . )
instance Ord t => Zip ( (:-># ) t ) where FS xd xf `zip` FS yd yf = FS ( xd `min` yd ) ( xf `zip` yf )
pure produces a constant value going forever . ( <*>) applies functions to corresponding arguments , running out with the shorter .
instance ( Ord t , Bounded t ) => Applicative ((:-># ) t ) where pure a = FS maxBound ( const a ) ( <*>) = zipWith ( $ )
Copointed and Comonad
extract pulls out the initial value ( like head ) .
instance Num t => Copointed ((:-># ) t ) where extract ( FS _ f ) = f 0
duplicate acts like tails .
The generated segments are progressivly drop ped versions of the original segment .
instance Num t => Comonad ((:-># ) t ) where duplicate s = FS ( length s ) ( flip drop s )
Monad
I do n’t know if there is a monad instance for ( (:-># ) t ) .
Simple diagonalization does n’t work for join , since the nth segment might be shorter than n .
What ’s ahead ?
The instances above remind me strongly of type class instances for several common types .
Another post will tease out some patterns and reconstruct ( t :-># a ) out of standard components , so that most of the code above can disappear .
Another post incorporates ( t :-># a ) into a new model and implementation of relative - time , comonadic FRP .
What kind of thing is a movie ?
Or a song ?
Or a trajectory from point A to point B ?
If you ’re a computer programmer / programmee , you might say that such things ...
DEBT SETTLEMENT
Avoid bankruptcy , reduce collection calls and affordably pay off credit card and other unsecured debts in about half the time of debt consolidation .
find out more …
DEBT VALIDATION
The First Six Months of George W. Bush :
* Significantly eased field - testing controls of genetically engineered crops .
* Cut federal spending on libraries by $ 39 million .
* Cut $ 35 million in funding for doctors to get advanced paediatric training .
* Cut by 50 % funding for research into renewable energy sources .
* Revoked rules that reduced the acceptable levels of arsenic drinking water .
* Blocked rules that would require federal agencies to offer bilingual assistance to non-English
speaking persons .
This , from a candidate who would readily fire - up his Spanish - speaking
skills in front of would - be Hispanic voters .
* Proposed to eliminate new marine protections for the Channel Islands and the coral reefs of
northwest Hawaii .
San Francisco Chronicle , April 6 , 2001
* Cut funding by 28 % for research into cleaner , more efficient cars and trucks .
* Suspended rules that would have strengthened the government 's ability to deny contracts to
companies that violated workplace safety , environmental and other federal laws .
* OK'd Interior Department appointee Gale Norton to send out letters to state officials
soliciting suggestions for opening up national monuments for oil and gas drilling , coal mining ,
and foresting .
* Appointed John Negroponte - an un-indicted high level Iran Contra figure - to the post of
United Nations ambassador .
* Abandoned a campaign pledge to invest $ 100 million for rain forest conservation .
* Reduced by 86 % the Community Access Program for public hospitals , clinics and providers
of care for people without insurance .
* Rescinded a proposal to increase public access to information about the potential
consequences resulting from chemical plant accidents .
* Suspended rules that would require hardrock miners to clean up sites on Western public lands .
* Cut $ 60 million from a Boy 's and Girl 's Clubs of America program for public housing .
* Proposed to eliminate a federal program designed to help communities ( and successfully
used in Seattle ) prepare for natural disasters .
* Pulled out of the 1997 Kyoto Treaty global warming agreement .
* Cut $ 200 million of work force training for dislocated workers .
* Eliminated funding for the Wetlands Reserve Program , which encourages farmers to
maintain wetlands habitat on their property .
* Cut program to provide childcare to low - income families as they move from welfare to work .
* Cut a program that provided prescription contraceptive coverage to federal employees
( though it still pays for Viagra ) .
* Cut $ 700 million in capital funds for repairs in public housing .
* Appointed Otto Reich - an un-indicted high level Iran Contra figure - to Assistant Secretary
of State for Inter - American Affairs .
* Cut Environmental Protection Agency budget by $ 500 million .
* Proposed to curtail the ability of groups to sue in order to get an animal placed on the
Endangered Species List .
* Rescinded rule that mandated increased energy - saving efficiency regulations for central air
conditioners and heat pumps .
* Repealed workplace ergonomic rules designed to improve worker health and safety .
* Abandoned campaign pledge to regulate carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) , the waste gas that
contributes to global warming .
* Banned federal aid to international family planning programs that offer abortion counselling
with other independent funds .
* Closed White House Office for Women 's Health Initiatives and Outreach .
* Nominated David Lauriski - ex-mining company executive - to post of Assistant Secretary of
Labour for Mine Safety and Health .
Embed
Copy / paste the following text into your website to embed .
< iframe width = " 640 " height = " 360 " src= " http://www.youtube.com/embed/D7WfpbXAeFE
" frameborder= " 0 " allowfullscreen ></ iframe >
Autodesk Games Autodesk Media ＆ EntertaimentのシニアインダストリマネージャMary Beth Haggerty 氏
Human IKの使用例
IKすなわち，インバースキネマティクスとは，逆方向のキネマティクスを意味する言葉だ。じゃあ，キネマティクスとはなにかというと，これは運動学を意味しており，人体などを動かすときに関節や筋肉をどれくらい動かすかに関係したものとなっている。ロボットを動かす場合なら，手足の関節のモーターを個別に制御して姿勢を変えていく必要がある。その制御方法がキネマティクスである。
しかし，例えば，CGで人を歩かせるときに，膝の関節を一定時間までは曲げる方向で少しずつ動かし，一定時間後は伸ばす方向で少しずつ動かし，足首も……と手作業でスケジューリングしていくのは結構大変な作業になる。多関節体では人間の想像力の限界が試されることになるだろう。
インバースキネマティクスは，運動後の位置を与えることで，途中でどのように関節が動いたかを計算する手法だ。要所要所での位置と姿勢を与えて，途中を滑らかにつなぐように関節の動きを調整していく。人間がアニメーションを作るにはこちらのほうが簡単なので，CGアニメーション制作ではもっぱらIKが使用されている。Human IKは，人体でのIKアニメーションをサポートするミドルウェアである。
Assassin's Creed
Assassin's Creed もPrince of Persiaも，ゲーム内でキャラクターがこれでもかと動き回るゲームである。その自然で複雑な動きは，それ以前のゲームを見慣れた目には衝撃的なものとなっている。自ずと，それを支えるHuman IKの底力も分かろうというものだ。
ちなみに ，Assasin's Creed はHuman IKの一般的な使い方の範囲ということであったが，件のGDCの講演では，多くの群衆がぶつかりそうになったら肩を避けるとか，基本モデル一つで老若男女を使い分けるとか，単に人体を使う以上の部分で多くの工夫が見られたタイトルであり，あれだけのことを行うのは簡単ではないと思う。
それはともかく ，Autodesk がHuman IK以上に期待しているふしがあるのが，キャラクターAIミドルウェアKynapse（キナプスと読む）である。
Softimage買収について
3DS Max ，Maya，XSI。これらは3DCG業界での御三家ともいえるツール群で，世の中のCGの大半は，この3種のツールのどれかで作られているといっても過言でない。そして，これら御三家を一手に扱うのがAutodeskである。昨年，Softimageを買収し，XSIを手にしたことで，ほぼ独占状態で業界を担っている。同社が扱うのは設計，デザイン，アート，映画制作，そしてゲームと幅広いジャンルで使われるプロ用のツールなので，一般消費者にはあまり縁のないものなのだが，その成果物はゲーマーにも無関係ではない。ゲーム制作の現場で使われるツールの性能は，ゲームのデキや方向性まで左右しかねないものとなってきている。今回，AutodeskでGameing
Technology Groupを担当してい るMary Beth Haggerty氏の来日にあわせ，同社が力を入れているというゲーム開発ツールの動向について話を聞いてみた。よろしくお願いいたします。今回の来日の目的はどのようなものでしょうか。今回お話したいことは2点あります。新しいゲーム開発用製品と昨年買収したSoftimage XSIについてです。もちろん，それ以外にもゲーム業界向けに多くの製品を出しています。Softimage，Max，Maya，Motion Builder，MBXなどと私達 のGaming Technology Groupで扱っている製品群です 。Gaming Technology Groupは，昨年5月にできた新しい部署で，ゲーム開発関連で二つの主要な製品を出しています。Human IKとKynapseです。これまでもゲーム業界とは深い関係にあったと思うのですが，わざわざ専門の部門ができたわけですね？はい。AutodeskがGaming
Technologyグループという新しい部門を作って多くの投資をしているのにはいくつか理由があります。理由の一つ目は，ゲーム業界そのものがエンターテインメント業界のなかでもとくに急成長している分野だからです。二つ目には，Gaming
Technologyといっても，ゲームだけで使う技術ではなく，ビジュアライゼーションなど多くの分野で使用できる技術だからという理由があります。三つ目は，ゲームの開発者と話をしていると，必ず出てくる話題として「ゲームの開発コストがいかに膨大になっているか」といったものがあったからです。私達Autodeskは，いろいろな製品を開発していますが，どんな製品を作る場合でも頭に描いていることがあります。それは，Creative Visionary（創造的な空想家？）と呼ばれる人達についてです。こういった人達が頭の中に抱えているアイデアを，ビジュアル化する前に体験できるような環境を作りたいというのがAutodeskの願いです。それをゲーム開発分野でさらに広げていくわけですか。そうですね。これから2種類のGaming Technology関連の製品を紹介したいと思うのですが，これらの製品については私達もとてもわくわくしています。なぜかといいますと，これらは将来の映像分野でも大いに活用されるであろう「 Believable Character」というものを実現してくれるからです。まず，先ほど述べたHuman IK では「 フルボディ インバース キネマティクス 」という技術が使われています。例えば，このテーブルの上にある箱に手を伸ばしたいといったときに，それまでの製品では立ち上がったり，その箱の場所まで移動してしまったり，うまくリーチすることができませんでした。Human IKを使うと，全身の関節を適切に調整し，手と身体を伸ばして体全体を使って，より自然な感じで箱をつかむことができるのです。Human IKが実際に使用されているゲームというのを具体的に教えていただけますか。
Assassin's Creed 」 ，「 Prince of Persia 」 ，それから 「 Shaun White Snowboarding 」などに使われています 。Assassin's Creed はHuman IKでしたか！ 昨年のGDCの講演で，なかなか凄いモーションの作り方を見せてもらいました。あれは，Human IKでは，かなり特殊な使い方をしている例なのでしょうか。いえ，そう特殊なことはしていないはずです。KynapseというのはゲームAIのミドルウェアで，パスファインディング（経路探索）を行うためのものです。例えば，今日あなたがここにくるまでに，いくつもの経路があったろうと思うのですが，そのうちのある一つの道を選んでいますよね。Kynapseは，それと同じようなことをゲーム内のNPCに行わせるためのものです。つまり，ゲーム内のNPCに知覚を与え，自分の置かれた状況を視野に入れて，状況を判断して経路を決めることを可能にします。NPCは，変化する環境に対して適切にレスポンスすることができます。環境というものを視野に入れたNPCは，必要とあれば，障害物に身を潜めたりといったこともできます。Kynapseを利用して作られたゲームにはどんなものがありますか？
WHEELMAN 」というゲームや 「 EVE Online 」を作ってい るCCP Gamesの次期製品で使われることが決まっています（編注：EVE
Onlineの新しい拡張なのか，PS3用に作られているという新作FPSなのかは不明）。Kynapseを使ううえで，キャラクターは外部の状況を自動的に判断するということですが，それは周囲のジオメトリ情報だけを与えておけば自動で判断するということでしょうか？
それともなんらかのガイド情報を埋め込まなければならないのでしょうか。ガイド情報ではありませんが，避けるべき物体に障害物であるというフラグは入れておく必要があります。しかし単にジオメトリだけを見ている場合と違い。例えば，ビルが崩れたり，荷物が転がってきたりで通路がふさがれた場合でも即座に反応して最適な経路を選択することができます。パスファインディングを行うソフトはほかにもいくつかあると思うのですが，Kynapseの最大の特徴はなんでしょうか？いま説明したとおり，非常に柔軟性が高く，認知システムを搭載していますので，動的な障害物にも対応して最適な経路を選択できることです。そして，なんといっても凄く軽いということですね。これらの新しいテクノロジーで，具体的にどういったゲームが可能になってくるのでしょうか。Autodeskでは，「
Believable Character」というものの実現に多大な投資をしています。KynapseとHuman IKを使えば，フルボディで滑らかに動き，周りの状況を判断して自律的に動くキャラクターを作成できます。これら以外でも，今後ゲーム用のミドルウェアを展開されていくのでしょうか。Gaming Technology Groupでは，今後も新たなミドルウェアを提供していこうと考えています。Softimageを入手にしたことで，これはますます加速していくでしょう。なぜなら，多くの優秀なエンジニアが揃っているからです。ゲーム制作を考えると，一番上にコンテンツ制作があります。この分野では，Autodeskはすでに十分な評価をいただいています。そしてGaming
Technologyへの進出により，今後はゲームのミドルウェアを提供できるようになりました。私達の望みは，Creative
Visionaryの皆さんが想像を現実のものとするためのお手伝いをすることです。Autodeskが提供するミドルウェアによるソリューションは，どのゲームでも同じようなものが必要になってくるものです。Autodeskがその部分を提供することで，デベロッパーのチームは，より面白いゲームを作ることに専念できるでしょう。そして，開発工程は，より効率的になります。一般的に，人体のアニメーションでは，IKとラグドールなどの物理運動，そしてモーションキャプチャなどのパターンアニメーションの3種類が混合されて用いられることが多いと思いますが，それぞれについてのAutodeskのソリューションを教えていただけますか。まず，私達のグループが重点を置いている三つの分野について説明しましょう。それは，Animation，AI，Physicsです。一般的なアニメーションには，Motion Builderが使用されます。アニメーターはMotion Builderを使ってモーションを作っていき，そのデータをゲーム内で再生する際のミドルウェアとしてHuman IKが使われます。AIにはKynapse，そして物理演算に関しては，弊社は中立の立場を取っています。中立，つまり物理エンジンでは自社製品を用意しないということですか？はい。物理エンジンにはすでに多くの製品があります。いくつかのデベロッパーに話を聞いてみたところ，Autodeskは中立を保つべきという意見が大半でした。すでにIntelのHavokやNVIDIAのPhysXがありますので，Autodeskでは自社の物理エンジンを用意していません。ですので，Autodeskは中立の立場で，どんな製品にも対応できるようにしたわけです。HavokやPhysX，あるいはオープンソースのBulletといったどんな物理エンジンを持っきても，または独自のエンジンを持ってきたとしてもAutodeskのツール群と一緒に使うことができます。物理以外の，AnimationやAIについては，自社のミドルウェアを展開していくわけですね。先ほどの三角形とは別に，Autodeskのゲーム部門で掲げている標語に「Create , Animate , Integrate 」というのがあります。キャラクターモデルなどをMax やMayaで作成し，Motion Builderで動かし，それをHuman IK などのミドルウェアでゲームに統合するというのが趣旨ですが，すでにCreateなどの部分には，AutodeskのさまざまなDCC（デジタルコンテントクリエイション）ツールがあります。それらで作ったものを，ミドルウェアを使うことでゲームの分野にまで使えるようにするというのが，Gaming Technology Groupの仕事になります 。Animationの部分に先ほどの三角形が加わり，全体ではこんな感じになります（図参照）。先ほど述べたように，AIやAnimationにはとくに力を入れています。昨年のSoftimageの買収について聞かせていただけますか。2008年の11月にSoftimageを買収いたしました。これによって，ゲーム会社に提供できる製品ポートフォリオが大きく拡大されたと考えています。また，XSI以外に，Face Robotというフェイシャルアニメーションツールも手に入れました。これも素晴らしい製品です。また，XSI
MOD Toolというものも公開されており，こちらは多くのゲームマニアに使われています。これまでAutodeskの製品には，コンシューマ向けあるいはパーソナル向けの製品がなかったわけですが，今後はXSI
MOD Toolがその位置になると考えてよろしいのでしょうか。そうですね。それに一番近いものでしょう。XSI
Mod Toolは非常に多くの人に使われています。これを使う人は熱狂的なゲーマーの人が多く，必ずしもゲーム会社で仕事をしている人ではありません。学生なども多く使っているようですね。自分がいま遊んでいるゲームをいじってみたいという人には，このツールが適しています。これのプロ版もあります。Microsoftのクリエーターズクラブの一部で配布されているのですが，Xbox
Arcadeなどでゲームを開発している小規模のデベロッパーには，XSI
Mod Tool Proというものも提供しています 。Softimageの買収に対するゲーム業界の反応はどうでしたか。ゲーム業界の人に話してみるとみんな歓迎してくれていますね。FBXでSoftimageやFace Robotがサポートされるのを楽しみにしているという声も聞いています。今後は，XSIでMaxやMaya用のツールやライブラリが使えるようになったり，その逆の展開も進んでいくのでしょうか。私達は，常にすべての製品がうまく連動して機能するように努力しています。FBXは，Autodeskのデータフレームワークで多くの製品間でデータのやり取りを可能にしています。これは単なるファイルコンバータ以上のものです。ファイルやライブラリが製品間で相互運用できるようになります。今後も引き続きFBXの開発に注力していくつもりです。日本のゲーム開発現場では，かなりXSIを使っているところが多いと聞いています。もちろん，ほかのツールも使っているのでしょうが，データの互換性が上がったり，MaxやMayaのライブラリとXSIの親和性が上がるとなると，歓迎している人が多いんじゃないかと思います。そうですね。Autodeskはお客様を常にパートナーと考えています。お客様が，どのようなことをしているのかを尊重しています。多くのお客様に優れたソフトを提供することで，私達も満足感を得ているのです。本日はありがとうございました。これまでもさまざまなツールを提供しており，ゲーム業界とは深いつながりを持っていたAutodeskだが，昨年新しくできたGaming Technology Groupでは，ミドルウェアも提供するという方向に展開してきている。3Dツールとダイレクトに結びついたミドルウェアによって，デザイナーの意図がそのままゲームに反映される環境が期待できたり，ゲーマーにとってのメリットも大きいものである。ゲーム用のミドルウェアは，ライブラリの形で使うものも多いが，Unreal Editorのように，独自のエディタを提供したり，MaxやMayaのプラグインとして使えるようにして，より使いやすい形で提供されることが増えている。Max，Maya，そしてXSIまでがAutodeskに統合されたことにより，3Dデザイン＆オーサリング環境は，Autodeskがほぼ独占の位置にあるといってよい。3Dツールとミドルウェアの，より直接的な統合が行われれば作業環境も改善されてくるだろう。これはゲーム用のミドルウェアメーカーにとっては，かなり脅威となってくるのではないだろうか。半面，ゲーム制作者にとっては，普段使っているツールでシームレスに多くの機能が試せるとなれば，作業効率も上がっていくだろう。Autodeskというツール界の巨人が，ゲームコンテンツ制作と実行環境の提供といったゲーム開発分野に本格的に乗り出してきた，という事実だけでも今後の展開に胸踊る人もいるかもしれない。よいよいツールで作られる高品質なゲームの登場にも期待したいところだ。
Turley : Obama ' accessory ' to war crimes if no prosecution David Edwards and Ron Brynaert
Published : Tuesday January 27 , 2009
Print This Email
This A few weeks ago , George Washington University Constitutional Law professor Jonathan Turley , while appearing on MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann , essentially said that the Obama administration would " own " any war crimes -- such as the reported waterboarding of 9/11 suspect Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- if it chose to look the other way .
On Monday 's show Turley went a little further and suggested that if Obama impedes investigations or prosecution that he would n't just be an " apologist , " but also an " accessory . "
Olbermann started the segment by reading a statement released by the Obama administration in response to last week 's allegations from a former NSA analyst that President Bush 's national security agency targeted news organizations for surveillance and even pried into personal records like finance and travel . "
The response stated , " As the president made clear [ last week ] his administration is ensuring that all programs are conducted in accordance with our values and the rule of law .
There will be no exceptions . "
Olbermann noted that that was similar to claims made by Bush the last few years , insisting that " all programs were conducted consistent with our values and rule of law , " even though most experts have pointed out that methods such as waterboarding are considered torture , inhumane and against the law .
" How much daylight might there be between that and any of the analogs from the Bush White House ? "
Olbermann asked Turley , who immediately responded , " Not much . "
Turley pointed out that the Obama administration response was written " in the future tense .
You were n't asking whether he would do these things .
Nobody thinks that Obama is George Bush .
I think we believe that he 's better than these past programs .
But people are not asking about the future .
We are asking about the past . "
" It takes a lot to avoid a very simple truism , " Turley argued .
" That , if true , these would be crimes and we prosecute crimes .
We call people criminals who commit them .
It is very easy to say .
All you need is the principals and the courage to say it . "
Turley said that he had " very little sympathy for the people that committed this torture .
I 've heard President Obama say we do n't want talented people at the CIA looking over their shoulders .
Well those talented people in this circumstance would be torturers . "
" But in reality nobody thinks that they 're going to be prosecuted , " Turley continued .
" They have something called the estoppel defense where they can say that they were told by people like John Yoo and others that what they did was legal .
That does not protect the president and the vice president , and they 're the ones and the people just below them who deserve to be investigated and they must be prosecuted if they 've committed war crimes or we will shred four treaties and at least four statutes . "
[ Turley has more background about the estoppel arguments at his blog . ]
" And the problem here is it would n't make Obama an apologist it would make him an accessory , " Turley argued .
" He would be preventing the investigation of war crimes .
How could he go from that and say that he 's all about the rule of law ? "
Referring to the fresh Rove subpoena , Turley said that " we could have an interesting fight where George Bush comes in and says ' I 'm still claiming executive privilege ' when the current president is saying we do n't recognize it .
Indeed .
Obama 's people could prosecute Rove and others and I think that the federal courts would give much greater rate to the man currently in the Oval Office than the man who just left it . "
Olbermann agreed that " the current executive is the one who gets to decide what executive privilege is . "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Jan. 26 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
They hired a lobbyist .
you must have lobbyists roaming the halls of power .
now
PLEASE DONATE RIGHT NOW :
Most of the time , when you hear about campaigns to influence elected leaders , the tactic is to encourage people to write letters to their legislators .
I think that this tactic is only marginally effective .
In addition to writing e-mails to our legislators , we need to be contributing money to one or two local or regional organizations that employ lobbyists .
What might take a decade or longer with letter - writing campaigns can take as long as only 4 - 5 years with a lobbyist .
I cite the example of the California Alliance for Families and Children ( CAFC ) .
In California , an extremely liberal , feminist - dominated state , the CAFC has accomplished in 3 years what has never been accomplished by any form of activism for father 's and men's rights .
How did they do it ?
It only took 3 years and now theare being felt .
This is not just illustrated by the passage of legislation ( which is seen ) , but the blockage of anti-male and anti-father legislation ( which , thank God , is a very real accomplishment -- although unseen ) .
We must speak with our money .
There 's no cheap way around this , people .
And the way to start is by concentrating our efforts in one influential state .
Success begets success , and what starts in California is apt to spread across the nation .
We have already seen successes there -- with more to come very soon in the form of court rulings .
Make no mistake , to make a difference , And you must be able to pay for those lobbyists .
I have personally donated my own money to the CAFC , and plan to continue doing so ( especially now that they are showingfor their efforts ) .
I encourage any MRA who means business about this movement to donate $ 25 - 250 dollarsto help fund the cost of lobbying operations .
When enough success occurs in California , legislators in state capitols across the country will begin following suit without even being prompted by a lobbyist .
Eventually friendly and sympathetic lobbyists will begin to flock around these newfound advocates for our cause , as our movement gains momentum and political legitimacy .
But for now , we must speak with our wallets .
P.S. --
To link to this specific message within the above discussion thread , simply copy the following link and distribute it wherever you can :
Cabal 2.0
All , I 've started a wiki page to collect ideas for Cabal 2 http://hackage.haskell.org/trac/hackage/wiki/Cabal-2
The basic idea for Cabal 2 is to learn lessons from our how the existing design has fared and how we can make a better design to tackle an expanded set of goals .
I 'd like the page to be about suggested design concepts .
I do n't want to fill it with " would n't it be nice if we had a feature to help me doing ... "
I guess it would also be useful to make links on that page to some of the discussions we 've had on various lists , eg on the ghc users and libraries mailing lists where various people have made criticisms of the current design and suggested alternatives and improvements .
Duncan
Malia and Sasha Enjoy Scavenger Hunt , Movies
On their first night in the White House , the Obama girls did n't hold back .
Jan. 21 , 2009  --
In their wildest dreams , Malia and Sasha Obama never could have imagined what was in store for them on their first night in the White House .
While their parents danced the night away at 10 different inaugural balls across Washington , the Obama girls had some fun of their own , gallivanting around 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue with a few of their closest friends .
Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 , had requested two of their favorite movies -- Disney 's " High School Musical 3 " and " Bolt " -- for their first night as presidential daughters .
In keeping with tradition , the White House staff had planned even more for the first daughters .
The staff had spent the day organizing a late - night scavenger hunt for the girls that would teach them in the ins and outs of their new digs .
Chelsea Clinton , who was 12 years old when her father , President Bill Clinton , was sworn into office , also participated in a scavenger hunt arranged by White House ushers on her first night .
Capricia Marshall , an aide to Hillary Clinton and her social secretary , who was by Chelsea Clinton 's side as she grew up in the White House , told the Obama girls that secret passageways and hideouts await them .
" I 'll give them a hint , " Marshall said on ABC's " Good Morning America . "
" On the second floor start pushing at some walls and you will discover they kind of pop open . "
" There are some great passageways , " she said .
But the best - secret of all may have been what the Obama girls found at the end of the last clue in the scavenger hunt .
Real - life Disney stars -- teen sensations the Jonas Brothers -- had stopped by the house to visit two of their biggest and most presidential fans .
This makes it twice in one week for the Obama sisters and the Jonas brothers who , just a few nights before , had appeared at the Kids ' Inaugural Concert where Malia and Sasha could be seen dancing to the music and snapping photos of the boys .
A source tells ABC News that the Jonas brothers arrived at the East Portico with their parents and were quickly taken to the East Room .
The brothers played three acoustic songs and posed for photos with each of the young guests at the party .
Approximately 50 kids were at the private concert .
And while last night may have been one of the most memorable of Malia and Sasha 's short lives , there is a lot more to look forward to as they become accustomed to life in the White House .
The White House chef has reportedly already been briefed on the girls ' favorite kind of pizza , and the house is filled with enough activities to ensure the first daughters will never be bored .
The 55,000 - square - foot mansion boasts a private bowling alley , a movie theater that the Obamas likely broke in for the first time last night , and a children 's garden .
First children have historically let loose on the White House grounds .
John John and Caroline Kennedy , who were among the youngest residents at the mansion , were often photographed playing , be it under their father 's desk in the Oval office or on Caroline 's pony " Macaroni . "
Amy Carter was 9 when she moved into the White House , and the nation watched as she carted her pet cat to Camp David , donned her roller skates and skated around the house .
But if all those possible pastimes grow old for the Obama girls , rest assured they 'll always have their puppy .
After all , their dad promised , on national television no less .
ABC News ' Jake Tapper and Kate Snow contributed to this report .
Disney is the parent company of ABC News .
But some African governments are exasperated with Mr Mugabe .
Phandu Skelemani , the foreign minister of Botswana , called for a blockade on fuel supplies to Zimbabwe .
He said that African countries should " tell the Zimbabweans , 'look , this is going too far , we are now saying you are on your own , you can't rely on us to help you anymore ' and really start refusing to deliver those necessities which keep Mugabe in power .
One of those is petrol .
If you deny him petrol which is used by the armed forces , which is used by the police , I do n't think he 'll last two weeks . "
A couple buying their first home spent $ 660 for mold testing .
The roof over the garage had leaked , and there was dark fuzzy growth on a 2 - foot by 2 - foot area of drywall .
Their mold testing and remediation company recommended immediate remediation …
At an additional cost of $ 1500 .
How much of this cost was needed ?
None of it .
The buyers could have better used the money to buy a bucket and a sponge .
They would have had ample funds left to repair their roof .
Growth that looks like mold is generally mold .
Damp drywall is a perfect growth medium .
Mold cannot grow without water , but any organic material that stays wet is likely to grow mold .
There is no need for lab tests to confirm that mold is indeed mold .
I was shocked to hear the buyers paid $ 100 / sample for lab tests .
The lab I generally use for mold has a list price of $ 35 / sample .
My price ( as a regular client ) is $ 19 / sample .
The company in question made an unreasonable profit on testing .
The company also did not educate the buyers that to control mold , they must control moisture .
If moisture is controlled , mold will not grow .
If the water leak is not fixed , mold will re-grow after remediation .
Was professional remediation necessary ?
Not in this case .
EPA recommends professional remediation for mold growth of 10 square feet or more .
The moldy area in the buyer ’s garage was about 4 square feet .
They could have safely cleaned it themselves .
Should homeowners be wary of companies that do both testing and remediation ?
Absolutely !
A testing company that also does remediation will often recommend additional work .
Many regulatory agencies require “ third party testing ” , and homeowners should consider doing the same .
Is mold testing ever necessary ?
Sometimes it is a good idea .
EPA recommends mold testing after large - scale remediation .
An ERMI test can provide useful information to a physician diagnosing a health problem .
But it most cases , a homeowner can identify mold as well as a professional .
Mold photo courtesy of EPA and Terry Brennan .
photo and idea : EMS / MoTH ( still me , in case you did n't know .. )
I do this all the time ... I know the golden rule ; the " it 's only funny the first time " rule , but I could n't help myself ..
I 've got many more of these , I could put them in my scraps , but I figure you 've all had enough of these terrorized eggs .----edit------phiew!!5 hours flat , and I 'm finally done reading all the comments !
But unfortunately I do n't think I could live through answering all of them ... so I 'll sum it up here by saying : I just can't believe how fast this absurd little picture gained popularity - or that it gained popularity at all , for that matter ..
xDbut thank you , thank you all so incredibly much !
* glomps the lot of ya ! *
So I was randomly forwarded a casting call from an anonymous tipster for an ESPN commercial which features various students calling people around the country to get them to watch more College Basketball .
Seems like a basic concept right ?
Well wait until you read what the Casting Director is looking for from each individual acting as students from various Universities ....
ESPN
Promo
SAG
PAY RATE : SAG PROMO RATE
Director : Matt Aselton
Casting Director : ERICA PALGON
Interview : Thurs 11/13 and Fri 11/14 , Mon 11/17
Fitting : 11/21
Shoot : 11/24 , 25
Location : New York
SUBMIT ELECTRONICALLY
LIZ LEWIS CASTING PARTNERS
EVERYONE MUST BE STRONG WITH COMEDY / IMPROV .
PLEASE WRITE ANY ADDITIONAL NOTES , IN THE NOTES PAGE , ABOUT ACTOR'S COMEDIC / IMPROV EXPERIENCE / TRAINING , THAT WOULD BE HELPFUL IN LOOKING THROUGH SUBMISSIONS
All roles are ages 18 - 22 yrs old .
WITH THE EXCEPTION of PERDUE .
The concept :
The spots take place in the ESPN College Basketball Call Center ( CBBCC ) .
All of these guys are there representing their schools , calling people on the phone to get them to watch more College Basketball .
Basically they are selling college basketball .
SEEKING :
[ DUKE UNIVERSITY ]
MALE .
Our guy for Duke UNIVERSITY is a smart , with it , young WHITE male .
He 's handsome .
He 's from money .
He is , in short , the kind of guy , everyone can't stand .
He is the kind of guy everyone wants to be .
[ NORTH CAROLINA ]
FEMALE .
She 's a Southern bell .
She is the counterpoint to Duke .
Being young and pretty everyone wants to be around her .
She 's charming .
Not a dingbat , she 's sharp .
[ TEXAS ]
MALE .
Straight out20of an Abercrombie & Fitch catalog , Texas is a young man 's man .
He is the kind of guy that could field dress a deer and then take you to the debutante ball in 20 .
Polite , farm boy .
He 's good at everything .
Except call centering .
[ KANSAS ]
MALE .
Kansas is straight off the farm .
However , he takes great pains to point out that Kansas is very cosmopolitan , as witnessed by their record , their burgeoning tech industry , and their hybrid corns ( bonus :
modified by fish genes ! )
[ CONNECTICUT ]
MALE .
Connecticut is all things Connecticut .
He 's a little bit older .
He 's a little bit thicker around the waist .
He 's WHITE .
He 's also competitive .
Very .
Waspy , blue blood .
[ OKLAHOMA ]
MALE .
Oklahoma is awesome and he thinks everything is awesome .
He 's very enthusiastic about all things call center and all things life and he wants to share this contagious enthusiasm with everyone he meets .
Wide - eyed , as naive as they come .
[ LOUISVILLE ]
MALE .
Louisville is very true to place .
He 's short .
He 's HISPANIC .
And one day he hopes to carry on in proud Louisville tradition and race thoroughbreds .
[ TENNESSEE ]
FEMALE .
Tennessee is orange crazy .
The ice tray in her orange fridge , that freezes the water she dyes orange , is that orange .
The party girl cowboy hat she wears is a white and orange zebra print .
The tattoo on her lower back is Pantone 3 for that Tennessee orange .
The only thing that 's not orange is her dog , which is the 20 mascot Smokey .
Did we mention she 's crazy ?
A slutty girl who would hang out at the cowgirl hall of fame .
[ PURDUE ]
MALE .
Child prodigy .
14 - year - old .
Or open to an 18 - year - old who looks 14 .
Aeronautical engineering .
Wiz kid .
Think McLovin from Superbad .
[ VILLANOVA ]
MALE .
Villanova is the poor man 's Duke — he 's not quite as handsome , he 's not quite as rich , he 's not quite as dapper .
After 2 or 3 beers though , who cares ?
As he 's friendly enough .
[ NOTRE DAME ]
MALE
He's an ASIAN kid who is in to all things Notre Dame , ridiculously so .
Oh , and he 's always fighting .
Every time we encounter him he always has some words or another , be it the faint traces of a black eye , or a scab or whatever .
He epitomizes the fightin ' Irish .
[ PITTSBURGH ]
FEMALE .
Pittsburgh is a tomboy .
She obviously grew up in the neighborhood and is n't going to take any guff from anyone and she 'll wallop you in the eye with a crowbar if you suggest different .
So do n't .
Think Tina Fey type .
[ SYRACUSE ]
MALE .
Jewish kid from Long Island that is loving the college experience .
It has opened up a world he never knew existed .
All you can eat buffets in the cafeteria — who knew ?
To Syracuse , everything is a party .
[ GEORGETOWN ]
FEMALE .
Georgetown , a 4.36 GPA who 's lived in 9 world - class cities , but all the time in her sister 's shadow ( her GPA is 4.37 ) .
She 's sort of the female Duke , except most people like her .
Think Reese Witherspoon .
[ GONZAGA ]
MALE .
No one knows what Gonzaga looks like because no one knows where to find him .
He is still stuck in the grunge look , reckless , in from the wild .
Flannel look .
Chews tobacco .
Guy that would go to school in the Pacific Northwest .
[ MARQUETTE ]
FEMALE .
Marquette , on a scale of 1 - 10 , she 's a six .
A B- , C in every category you can define a person by .
Her defining characteristic is you do n't really remember her .
You 're not breaking your arm to get to her , but you 're not chewing it off to get away .
She does have a winning personality though .
Midwest , sweet girl .
[ MICHIGAN STATE ]
MALE .
Blue collar to the core .
Michigan State is one tough kid that grew up by putting a few down .
That 's just Michigan State 's way .
Big beefy kid .
[ MEMPHIS ]
MALE .
What can we say about Memphis ?
He 's a southern BLACK kid , really culinary and polite .
He 's artistic , and draws comic books really well .
[ MARYLAND ]
MALE .
He plays lacrosse .
A dude .
Low key .
Mid Atlantic , wears baseball hats and chinos .
[ OHIO STATE ]
MALE .
He looks like Jim Tressle ( head coach of Ohio State football ) in the dress code .
Red sweater vest .
Always .
Does n't care for swearing either — of course we never really test this out as they are commercial advertisements and no one swears in them , but it 's true nevertheless .
A Republican .
[ ILLINOIS ]
MALE .
African - American .
Young Obama .
Think Toofer - the straight - laced , Harvard grad write r from 30 Rock ( Keith Powell )
[ OKLAHOMA STATE ]
FEMALE .
She 's a fun loving girl , Oklahoma born and bred .
Decided not to travel out of State so she should be closer to home .
She 's a flirt .
She 's a hot chick .
[ TEXAS A&M ]
MALE .
True to the region , Texas A&M is one tough dude .
He 's not big physically , but he is imposing .
He 's an ROTC kid and his 100 - yard stare lets you know it .
[ BAYLOR ]
MALE & FEMALE .
Baylor is not one people but two .
It 's a couple .
In fact , we 're not even sure which one goes to Baylor .
We only know they are madly in love .
Their world is each other , which is really sweet or really sickening , depending .
Think Sheri Oteri and Will Farrell as the cheerleaders .
Update :
" Our marketing department just learned of this casting call today and the campaign is not something we will pursue .
The language and approach reflected in that document were not approved by us and in no way represent ESPN or the respect we have for the college community . "
So , ummmmm yeah .
Basically if you 're in actor / actress in NYC and you want to be a part of possibly one of the most sexist , racist and stereotypical ads ever , then this is for you !
They 're so stereotypical that they 're almost funny .
I mean .... " [
MARQUETTE ] FEMALE .
Marquette , on a scale of 1 - 10 , she 's a six ..... Really ?
I mean .... REALLY ?!?!?!
Oh and so they want one " BLACK kid " and one " African - American " ?
Pretty funny how the " African - American " went to Harvard and the " BLACK kid " draws comic books .
Unbelievable .
Good lord .
I know directors are looking for certain people to fill roles , but are casting calls always this ridiculous ?
I wish I was making this up .
Just flat out unbelievable .
According to the original tipster , the notice has been taken down and here is ESPN 's statement on the matter .... Fair enough .
When things get outsourced like this , you can certainly lose a lot of control .
I do n't think ESPN is entirely to blame for this one , but maybe they should keep a closer eye on things like this in the future .
In what is perhaps one of the strangest interviews of all time , the Guardian 's Emma Brockes heads to Fort Ashby , West Virginia , to interview Lynndie England , the woman accused of abusing prisoners at Abu Ghraib .
Advertisement
England , who served 521 days in prison for her role in the physical , sexual , and emotional abuse at Iraq 's Abu Ghraib prison , is now living in a trailer with her parents in rural West Virginia , and spends most of her time with her lawyer , Roy , a Gulf War veteran who seems proud of his client 's infamous conduct .
England is perhaps the best known face of the Abu Ghraib scandal , as photographs showing her dragging a prisoner by a leash came to best represent the horrors being committed at the prison ; the fact that England was a woman only horrified people more , and as Brockes notes , she " was n't the only woman soldier in the photographs - Sabrina Harman and Megan Ambuhl were both court martialled for their roles - but England was the most arresting looking , like a 14 - year - old boy who should n't have been there in the first place .
Her legal defence , that she was unduly influenced by Specialist Charles Graner , the father of her child and the only soldier still serving time for abuses at Abu Ghraib , was compounded outside the courtroom by assumptions about her background ; that she came from a place where people did n't know better . "
Back in her hometown , England is now having trouble finding work , due to her record as a felon and her notoriety .
She claims that she 's received both hate mail and fan mail , and recalls her time at Abu Ghraib with a type of weird fondness , a laughter that springs up at strange times .
When Brockes asks England about any female prisoners at Abu Ghraib , England responds , while laughing : " At one point we had four .
Oh my God , this one , she was crazy .
They had to take her to the loony bin .
We called her the wolf lady coz she had all this hair .
She was screaming and whatever . "
Advertisement
England becomes incredibly defensive when Brockes suggests that perhaps Megan Ambuhl , a fellow female soldier , was smart enough to stay out of the photographs : " She did n't plan that .
It just happened .
She was n't clever .
She 's a pothead .
She was just there .
She was n't in a lot of photos because she did n't want to be .
She would just walk away , " and later claims that she was coerced into taking the photos by Specialist Charles Graner ( who also happens to be the father of her son ) , " " I did n't want them .
But he was so persistent .
Go on !
Just for me !
If you loved me , you 'd do it .
I 'm like , gee , OK just take the damned picture . "
Though Graner is still in prison for his role in the scandal , as Brockes notes , " it is England 's rather than Graner 's face that will be remembered .
The photographer invites England to accompany him for photos , but she is reluctant ; she lingers at the table and fidgets .
Roy jokes , ' How about I find you a hood and some wires ? '
England laughs , mirthlessly .
' You know me too well . ' "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
England tells
Brockes that she 's still processing the events that took place at the prison : " " I mean , I had a lot of time to think about it after the trial and what I 'd learned .
Thinking back ... I do n't want to say I matured more , but I realised that I was so naive and trusting .
But what happens in war , happens .
It just happened to be photographed and come out .
Of course , a lot of people said if you guys had just shut up or killed them , there would n't have been any trouble .
I could think of it like that , but ... I mean , I do n't even know how to describe it .
They were the enemy .
I do n't want to say they deserved what they got , but they ... um .
They ...
This is my problem .
I can't think of words . "
Perhaps the weirdest element of the interview is the bubble England and her lawyer , Roy , seem to live in .
Despite ( or , perhaps due to ) the fact that she and her child have to live in a trailer with her parents , that she can't get a decent job , she seems to latch on to the Abu Ghraib days like some people latch on to high school or college memories ; one gets the sense that it was the only time she felt like she was wanted or belonged somewhere , a horrible idea , considering that the bond these people shared was the torture of other human beings .
Though she says she 'll be on antidepressants for the rest of her life , one wonders if she has even begun to process her actions or how they affected others ; for now , it seems , England 's life revolves around a sequence of hiding , passing the blame , and waiting for the rest of the world to forget .
Advertisement
She 's Home From Prison , But Lynndie England Can't Escape Abu Ghraib [ The Guardian ]
Myers not only starred in but also co-wrote and produced The Love Guru Mike Myers ' comedy flop The Love Guru has dominated the Golden Raspberries , the spoof prizes awarded to the worst Hollywood movies of the year .
The film won Razzies for worst picture , worst actor - for Myers in the title role - and worst screenplay , in the annual eve- of - Oscars mock - ceremony .
In a rare double , socialite Paris Hilton " won " prizes for worst actress and supporting actress .
Neither Myers nor Hilton was at the ceremony to collect their awards .
The Love Guru is about an ice hockey player who turns to a mystic to help him turn around his professional and personal fortunes .
A New York
Post review said : " At 88 minutes , The Love Guru would have benefited from a trim of roughly 80 minutes . "
" The main thing wrong with it is no one said to Myers that it was n't funny , " said awards founder John Wilson .
" It was one of the big disasters of the year .
He managed to offend the entire Indian population and his investors .
" Scorn Paris Hilton won worst actress for farce The Hottie and the Nottie , which Britain 's Daily Mirror described as a film " of monumental dreadfulness " .
She also scooped the worst supporting actress award for her cameo role in musical oddity Repo !
The Genetic Opera .
" Other than the fact she 's infamous there 's really no reason to put her in a movie , " Wilson told the BBC .
" I ca n't imagine anyone giving her billing above the title ever again . " Myers ' Love Guru co-star Sir Ben Kingsley , though , was spared embarrassment when the worst supporting actor prize went to Pierce Brosnan in Mamma Mia !
Quizzed on his nomination at the Spirit Awards , held before the Razzie ceremony on Saturday , Sir Ben claimed not to know what a Razzie was .
" I guess he normally exists at a level where he would n't understand what we were talking about , " said Wilson . ' Flatulence '
" But it is interesting the guy who played Gandhi is now playing a cross- eyed mystic with a flatulence problem . "
Past Razzie winners include Ben Affleck , Eddie Murphy , Daryl Hannah and Halle Berry - one of the few recipients to have collected her prize in person .
Founded by Wilson , a copywriter and publicist , the Golden Raspberries have been pouring scorn on Hollywood 's great and good since 1981 .
Awards are voted upon by members of the Golden Raspberry Award Foundation ( Graf ) which - unlike the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences - includes members of the public .
" We go out of our way to make fun of the formality , pomposity and endless back - slapping that goes on at all those other awards shows , " said Wilson .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Microsoft 's HealthVault , the medical records database , is to be integrated with VeriMed 's human - embedded RFID tags , allowing doctors to access the medical records of unconscious patients with a quick scan of the arm .
VeriMed consists of an RFID tag that is embedded in the arm of a hopefully willing participant , and responds with a 16 - digital identity code when queried at 134KHz .
This code can then be used to identify the person through VeriChip 's website , and will soon be able to link to their medical records as stored on Microsoft 's HealthVault system .
" VeriMed adds an exciting RFID - based option for HealthVault users trying to keep themselves and their families safe , " says Sean Nolan , the chief architect for HealthVault , quoted in RFID Journal .
If you 're excited about the idea of being electronically indexed then this is probably the technology for you .
Not that the future of VeriMed is in any way certain , despite the Microsoft link .
The company 's parent , VeriChip , has already tried to sell off the human - implanting part of the business as punters prove remarkably reluctant to be serial - numbered .
Should the business fail entirely , a connection to HealthVault could be the best hope for the poor souls who 've already succumbed to having chips embedded in their arms . ®
When the Big One came , it was with more of a whimper than a bang .
A distant rumble was followed by a man calmly telling his 5 million listeners to " drop , cover and hold on " .
The rumbling turned to tinkling as windows shattered and glass fell .
Across southern California , children giggled and adults discovered the allure of sharing floor space with strangers .
Yesterday 's drill , the Great Southern California ShakeOut , had been billed as the nation 's largest ever , priming residents of the area most vulnerable to the Big One .
" It 's what we call a teachable moment , " said Douglas Yule , a California State University Northridge geology professor , who led his students from their classes to gather on the central plaza in the campus .
" The point of this exercise is to get people to take it seriously , " he told his audience of around 100 .
" Do n't just shrug it off .
Put some water in your garage .
Have a pair of shoes under your bed .
What 's going to happen is that it goes third world for a while , no water , no power .
Who remembers ' 94 ? "
The Northridge earthquake in 1994 was the last big to shake southern California , leaving 57 dead , buckling freeways and causing an estimated $ 20 bn in damage .
One of the epicentres was the spot where Yule was addressing his students .
Across the plaza stands a monument to those who worked to reopen the campus .
Dave Liggett , now a geology technician at the university , remembers the 1994 quake as a bonding experience .
" The house shook pretty good , " he said .
" The biggest mess was the pancake syrup .
People in my neighbourhood are pretty independent .
For many , the first time you met your neighbour was on that morning . "
The Northridge quake was a 6.7 magnitude tremor ; Thursday 's drill was based on something far more fearsome , a 7.8 , 200 - mile - long shock spreading along the southern San Andreas fault from the desert near San Diego to Los Angeles .
A model developed by the US Geological Service envisages 1,800 deaths , 50,000 injuries and $ 200 bn in damage .
Fifteen million people in southern California could be left for weeks without power , and months without water .
An earthquake of a similar magnitude to the drill takes place every 150 years on the southern San Andreas fault .
The last one was 151 years ago and scientists warn that the fault is " 10 months pregnant " .
" In '94 this campus was devastated by an earthquake that lasted 10 - 15 seconds , " Yule said .
The model for the next Big One assumes tremors lasting three minutes .
The Chino Hills earthquake this summer delivered a 5.4 magnitude shock to an area 30 miles east of Los Angeles .
But the biggest motivator behind the ShakeOut was Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
But with preparation , Yule declared , there could be an upside to the Big One .
" We 're all going to suffer , " he said .
" But with some preparation it can be looked on as a great adventure , something you can tell your kids about . "
CIA helped shoot down 15 planes in ' drug war , ' often without warning John Byrne
Published : Friday December 12 , 2008
Print This Email This
The CIA 's clandestine role in Latin American politics continues .
With the help of CIA spotters , the Peruvian air force shot down 15 small civilian aircraft between 1995 and 2001 , ostensibly as part of the US - abetted war on drugs , the ranking Republican on the House Intelligence Committee revealed Thursday .
Many of the shoot - downs were made without warning within two to three minutes of the planes being detected .
Michigan Rep. Pete Hoekstra , who disclosed the program , was the first to confirm the number of planes shot down in the CIA led " Airbridge Denial Program , " which sought to derail the narcotic trade but also claimed the life of an American missionary from Michigan and her daughter in 2001 .
Charity Bowers ' husband , Jim , is pictured above right .
A State Department inquiry previously said that the program had also forced 23 jets to land , but had not identified the more than a dozen planes that were destroyed mid-flight .
Most of the 15 planes shot down with the help of the CIA crashed in the jungle , Hoekstra told AP , and " the wreckage has not been or could not be examined to ascertain whether narcotics were aboard the aircraft .
" The Bowers could have gone in the same category if they had crashed in the jungle , " Hoekstra said , referring to the missionary and her child , who hail from his state .
The Bowers ' plane made an emergency river landing after it was hit .
A CIA inspector general 's report in November raised questions about planes being taken down " without being properly identified , without being given the required warnings to land , and without being given time to respond to such warnings as were given to land . "
It also said the CIA withheld information about multiple investigations that showed failures and violations of procedures from the National Security Council , Justice Department and Congress .
The classified report was sent to Congress in October , AP said .
A spokesman for CIA director Michael Hayden asserted that the agency was " committed " to looking at the issue .
" Director Hayden is absolutely committed to a process looking at systemic issues and accountability that is as thorough and fair as possible , " spokesman Mike Mansfield said .
The Peruvian " shoot down " program was shuttered after the death of Bowers and her child in 2001 .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd discussed the global economic crisis and the need for coordinated action in a phone conversation this morning with new US President Barack Obama .
It is the first time the two leaders have spoken since Mr Obama 's inauguration last week .
Mr Obama telephoned Mr Rudd early today and the two discussed a range of areas , but the issue of whether the US would request that Australia provide more troops in Afghanistan was not raised , a spokeswoman said .
She said the pair discussed the global recession and the need for coordinated action through effective fiscal stimulus during a 25 - minute conversation .
KDE 4.2.0 Release Announcement
KDE Community Improves User Experience with KDE 4.2
Also available in : English
KDE 4.2 ( Codename : " The Answer " ) Brings Improved Desktop User Experience , Applications and Development Platform
January 27 , 2009 .
The KDE Community today announced the immediate availability of " The Answer " , ( a.k.a KDE 4.2.0 ) , readying the Free Desktop for end users .
KDE 4.2 builds on the technology introduced with KDE 4.0 in January 2008 .
After the release of KDE 4.1 , which was aimed at casual users , the KDE Community is now confident we have a compelling offering for the majority of end users .
See the Visual Guide To KDE 4.2 for the details on the innovations in 4.2 or read on for an overview .
The KDE 4.2 Desktop The KDE 4.2 Desktop
Desktop Improves User Experience
Further refinement of the Plasma desktop interface makes organizing your workspace easier .
New and improved applets include a Quicklauncher , weather information , newsfeeds , comics , quick file sharing via " pastebin " services .
Plasma applets can now be used on top of the screensaver , for example for leaving a note while the owner is absent .
Plasma optionally acts as traditional , file manager - like desktop .
Previews for the file icons and persistant locations of icons have been added .
The Plasma Panel now groups tasks and display multiple rows .
The enhanced system tray now tracks longer running tasks such as downloads .
System and application notifications are displayed in a unified fashion via the system tray .
To save space , system tray icons can now be hidden .
The panel can now automatically hide in order to free up screen space .
Widgets can be displayed in panels as well as on the desktop .
KWin offers smooth and efficient window management .
In KDE 4.2 it employs motion physics to give a natural feel to old and new effects like the " Cube " and " Magic Lamp " .
KWin only enables desktop effects in the default setup on computers that are able to handle them .
Easier configuration allows the user to select different effects as window switcher , making changing windows most efficient .
New and improved workspace tools increase productivity .
PowerDevil supports mobile life by bringing modern and unobtrusive power management to laptops and mobile devices .
Ark offers smart extraction and creation of archives , and the new printer tools allow the user to easily manage printers and print jobs .
The Plasma desktop interface in KDE 4.2 Ogg Theora version The Plasma desktop interface in KDE 4.2
Applications Leap Forward
Moreover , support for several new languages have been added expanding the number of users for whom KDE is available in their native language by roughly 700 million people .
Newly supported languages include are Arabic , Icelandic , Basque , Hebrew , Romanian , Tajik and several Indian languages ( Bengali India , Gujarati , Kannada , Maithili , Marathi ) indicating a rise in popularity in this part of Asia .
File management becomes faster and more efficient .
The Dolphin file manager now has a slider to easily adjust the icon size .
Further user interface improvements include tooltips with previews and a capacity indicator for removable media devices .
These changes have also been applied to the file dialogs in KDE , making it easier to spot the right file .
KMail 's email list views have been reworked by a Google Summer of Code student .
The user can now configure the display of additional information optimizing the workflow for each individual folder .
Support for IMAP and other protocols has also been improved making KMail much faster .
Web browsing becomes better .
The Konqueror web browser improves support for scalable vector graphics and receives many performance enhancements .
A new find dialog makes for less intrusive searching inside webpages .
Konqueror now shows your bookmarks on start - up .
Window Management in KDE 4.2 Ogg Theora version Window Management in KDE 4.2
Platform Accelerates Development
Enhanced Scripting Support .
Plasma widgets can now be written in JavaScript , Python and Ruby .
These widgets can be distributed online via web - services and online collaboration tools such as OpenDesktop.org .
GoogleGadgets can be used in Plasma , and support for Mac OS X dashboard widgets has been further improved .
Technology previews of various KDE applications for Windows and Mac OS X are available , some applications are nearing release quality already , while others need some work depending on the functionality they implement .
Support for OpenSolaris is upcoming and approaching stable quality .
KDE4 on FreeBSD continues to mature .
After Qt will be released under the terms of the LGPL , both the KDE libraries and beneath it Qt are available under those more relaxed licensing terms , making for a more compelling platform for commercial software development .
Installing KDE 4.2.0
KDE , including all its libraries and its applications , is available for free under Open Source licenses .
KDE can be obtained in source and various binary formats from http://download.kde.org and can also be obtained on CD - ROM or with any of the major GNU / Linux and UNIX systems shipping today .
Packagers .
Some Linux / UNIX OS vendors have kindly provided binary packages of KDE 4.2.0 for some versions of their distribution , and in other cases community volunteers have done so .
Some of these binary packages are available for free download from KDE 's http://download.kde.org.
Additional binary packages , as well as updates to the packages now available , will become available over the coming weeks .
Package Locations .
For a current list of available binary packages of which the KDE Project has been informed , please visit the KDE 4.2.0 Info Page .
Performance problems with the NVidia binary graphics driver have been resolved in the latest beta releases of the driver available from NVidia .
Compiling KDE 4.2.0
The complete source code for KDE 4.2.0 may be freely downloaded .
Instructions on compiling and installing KDE 4.2.0 are available from the KDE 4.2.0 Info Page .
Spread the Word
The KDE team encourages everybody to spread the word on the Social Web as well .
Submit stories to websites , use channels like delicious , digg , reddit , twitter , identi.ca .
Upload screenshots to services like Facebook , FlickR , ipernity and Picasa and post them to appropriate groups .
Create screencast , upload them to YouTube , Blip.tv , Vimeo and others .
Do not forget to tag uploaded material with the tag kde42 so it is easier for everybody to find the material , and for the KDE team to compile reports of coverage for the KDE 4.2 announcement .
This is the first time the KDE team is attempting a coordinated effort to use social media for their messaging .
Help us spreading the word , be part of it .
On web forums , inform people about KDE 's new compelling features , help others getting started with their new desktop , help us spread information .
About KDE
KDE is an international technology team that creates free and open source software for desktop and portable computing .
Among KDE 's products are a modern desktop system for Linux and UNIX platforms , comprehensive office productivity and groupware suites and hundreds of software titles in many categories including Internet and web applications , multimedia , entertainment , educational , graphics and software development .
KDE software is translated into more than 60 languages and is built with ease of use and modern accessibility principles in mind .
KDE 's full - featured applications run natively on Linux , BSD , Solaris , Windows and macOS .
Trademark Notices .
KDE ® and the K Desktop Environment® logo are registered trademarks of KDE e.V. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States and other countries .
All other trademarks and copyrights referred to in this announcement are the property of their respective owners .
Press Contacts
For more information send us an email :
press@kde.org
The Feet Of The Feet Are A Pleasure Point .
Jism On Beautiful Feet & Toes .
Page 1 of 2 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] >>
( Deleted comment )
From : rosiedee
2009 -02 -23 10:08 am ( UTC )
Delicious salty crispy bacon is what lead my astray from vegetarianism .
THAT IS A VERY COMMON SITUATION .
Actually , I did n't slide into full - on vegetarianism until later that year , and even then , it was something of a process .
I very recently got some lab results , and the lab tech said to me , " I can't exactly give you medical advice , but um ...
You might want to think about the things you are not eating , and whether or not you ought to start eating them again . "
So ... Maybe I 'm gonna have to start in on chicken .
But oh , ugh .
From : bih_friend
2009-02-23 09:51 am ( UTC )
Boy , you are making me hungry .
I never met a meat I did n't like .
Now , I am trying to solve the mystery of how 200 g of fillet yesterday made me gain 1000 g on the scale this morning .
Life is not always fair .
On my gravestone , they will write " he liked to eat meat . "
From : rosiedee
2009 -02 -23 10:10 am ( UTC )
How very German of you !
( Both the meat - eating and the metric system . )
From : codetoad
2009-02-23 09:51 am ( UTC )
Awesome !
Thank you for doing this :)
Sincerely ,
your fans on the internet
From : rosiedee
2009 -02 -23 10:04 am ( UTC )
It was actually your comment that put me over the edge !
And so : I am glad you liked it .
( Deleted comment )
From : talcotts
2009-02-23 11:56 am ( UTC )
Hooray for the Bacon Story !
I have to say , I totally get the bacon avoidance now .
Now you do n't have to worry about telling people the story , you can just print this out and hand it to them .
From : optic
2009-02-23 06:31 pm ( UTC )
a small calling card with this printed on it might be appropriate .
( Deleted comment )
From : rosiedee
2009-02-23 07:20 pm ( UTC )
Yeah , me neither .
Though I was more or less fine with bacon before this whole experience , and even fondly recall once splitting four pounds of bacon with my father in one glorious breakfast .
And now that I am a vegetarian , my cholesterol levels suffer so much less !
From : captainseby
2009-02-23 12:13 pm ( UTC )
I 'm really glad you elaborated on this , your prior references to the incident left me feeling like the one person who is not in on an in joke ahahah
That is an AWESOME job :O
Me , I do n't like meat morally , and after I have traveled the world and checked lots and lots of culinary experiments off of my life to - do list , I WILL go vegetarian , but until then I will go on trying to eat every type of animal imaginable .
Just to say I have , y'know ?
No one will ever be able to say I am a vegetarian because I have n't had the right meat .
From : rosiedee
2009-02-23 07:08 pm ( UTC )
About three years ago , I was at a conference that held a lobster dinner one night .
The dinner had already been paid for , I was n't really a fan of the vegetarian option ( eggplant parmigiana ) , and we were in Lobster Country , so I probably was n't going to have a better chance to try a really good lobster , even though it 's not something I ever really wanted to eat anyway .
But you know , lobster !
What if I was missing out ?
The guy next to me taught me how to crack the thing open , which was one of the more barbaric eating experiences I 've ever had .
And it turns out : I do n't much like lobster .
Had two bites , actually , which made me feel terrible about wasting a whole lobster .
( Also , they smell like the sea , and the sea smells kind of awful ! )
From : asphalteden
2009-02-23 01:59 pm ( UTC )
Excellent .
But could n't they stick the meat inside the traps and let it rot there ?
That way you would n't have to handle it !
Or would something come along and eat it before the bears did ?
From : rosiedee
2009-02-23 07:10 pm ( UTC )
We did n't want the poor bears to cook in the metal traps while we took our sweet time driving around each day on our daily trap - checking rounds , so the traps were set up in nice , shady , cool groves .
Turns out a few days in the sun really speeds up the whole rancidification process .
And anyway , it turns out that bears smell a whole lot worse than rancid bacon when they get scared .
From : joshpm
2009-02-23 03:44 pm ( UTC )
Hahaaa that makes perfect sense .
Like how I can't drink whiskey anymore after ... uh , yeah .
I 've been trying to eat less meat , but I eat pretty poorly at school , so it 's difficult .
But overall I think Americans need to reevaluate our cultural diet and eat more balanced !
From : daleof
2009-02-23 04:14 pm ( UTC )
Pssst .
Same thing with me and cointreau .
From : jope
2009-02-23 05:04 pm ( UTC )
I will never harass you about food again . ( sigh )
From : rosiedee
2009-02-23 07:15 pm ( UTC )
A good thing , because people get touchy about food harassment like little else .
From : tomtomtomtomtom
2009-02-23 07:32 pm ( UTC )
I let out a sweet yelp when I saw THE BACON STORY in glorious meat - steaming caps .
From : rosiedee
2009-02-23 08:01 pm ( UTC )
Heh !
I am here to make people happy .
From : in_alaska
2009-02-23 09:18 pm ( UTC )
Oh wow .
So you really puked right there in front of the boss with the hat ?
Rhubarb does approximately the same to me .
Also : I love the bear with radio collar picture !
From : rosiedee
2009-02-23 10:32 pm ( UTC )
I actually threw up in front of my boss , at least one biologist , and a couple of other interns .
All of whom thought it was knee - slappingly funny .
I have had a lot of humiliating experiences , now that I think about it .
( I was concerned about my inability to draw bears , and then the bear with the radio collar just kind of showed up out of nowhere , and I loved it too ! )
From : safari_avenger
2009-02-23 09:42 pm ( UTC )
haha Bacon !
I had a really similar summer job when I was 17 , minus the rancid bacon .
( Actually , it was my job to get up at six o'clock every morning in my rubber boots and make sure that the electric bear fence was still working .
We did not want to talk to those bears .
But I met a lot of dead lemmings . )
From : rosiedee
2009-02-23 10:34 pm ( UTC )
Whaaaaat !
Where on earth did you have an electric bear fence ?!
Actually , someone was just telling me about how they 're getting a portable electric bear fence to do some field work in Alaska , but that just seems insane , because I would n't think you could carry batteries strong enough to charge a fence that a grizzly might even notice on its way through to your tent .
From : boilingbabies
2009-02 -24 12:48 am ( UTC )
That is so unfortunately .
I have recently rediscovered a love for bacon .
But I can only have it certain ways -- namely , with the fat pulled off and nearly burnt .
From : rosiedee
2009-02 -24 02:29 am ( UTC )
Oh man , when I still ate bacon , I had a very strong preference for the fattiest pieces of bacon , cooked only just enough to still be all jiggly .
GOD I DON'T KNOW WHY I STOPPED EATING BACON THAT'S TOTALLY DISGUSTING .
From : singleentendre
2009-02-24 02:56 am ( UTC )
This could never happen to me , for I am the guy who tours the slaughterhouse and says , " Wow , that 's so gross I almost can't finish this sausage sandwich ( that for some reason I 'm eating while taking the tour ) . "
From : rosiedee
2009-02 -24 03:28 am ( UTC )
I actually have a pretty high tolerance for things other people find disgusting , but man , your sense of smell is a hard one to reroute once your brain decides it 's going to a certain memory center .
I know someone who can only eat chicken other people have cooked for her , because she can't get over how disgusting raw chicken is .
( Which , let 's face it : yeah , kind of ! )
The government is planning to get around a European court ruling that condemned Britain 's retention of the DNA profiles of more than 800,000 innocent people by keeping the original samples used to create the database , the Guardian has learned .
A damning ruling last December criticised the " blanket and indiscriminate nature " of the UK 's current DNA database - which includes DNA from those never charged with an offence - and said the government had overstepped acceptable limits of storing data for crime detection .
Last month the home secretary , Jacqui Smith , said she would publish a white paper setting out " a more proportionate , fair and commonsense approach " , but she has not given any indication whether DNA samples already obtained would be destroyed .
However , Home Office sources said the government , which was given three months to respond to the ruling , has " no plans " to destroy samples of DNA .
The revelation raises questions about the extent of the government 's response to the court 's findings and prompted fresh criticism last night of its " surveillance state " ambitions .
The Guardian this week revealed the scale of Whitehall plans to mine data on innocent citizens from public and private databases in order to enhance the fight against terrorism .
Writing in today 's Guardian , the justice secretary , Jack Straw , accepts he must climb down on a controversial clause in the coroners ' and justice bill , which civil liberties critics have warned is too vague and widely drawn .
Straw admits there are " justifiable concerns " that personal data - from medical records to the identity card register - could be used for purposes far removed from their original intention .
The concerns over handling DNA samples come as the Home Office has set out amendments to the police and crime bill which would give the home secretary power to make new regulations about the retention of DNA , without further parliamentary scrutiny .
Experts had anticipated the government would respond to the European court by reforming the database using the Scottish model , where DNA is not retained from innocent people except in cases of arrest over sexual and violent offences .
Since its foundation in 1995 , the database has become the world 's largest .
Of its 5 million entries , more than a million are children and 857,000 innocent people .
Home Office and police sources have told the Guardian measures are under way to collect stronger evidence of how the database is used to solve crime .
The measures come after the court said it would need " weighty reasons " before it would accept the current scale of the database , and raise concerns that the government may seek to overturn the findings by showing the current scale of the database has played a role in solving crime .
" The government did not have figures for the crimes solved by DNA data of unconvicted people on the database , " Stephen Cragg , barrister in the case at the European court , said : " The European court has said that if the UK government wants to be a pioneer of a DNA database it will have to make out a stronger case . "
The government has previously cited cases such as the murder of Sally Ann Bowman by Mark Dixie as evidence that the database has helped solve crime .
But Cragg stressed : " The majority of examples provided by the government involved matching suspects ' DNA with crime scene stains .
These cases did not involve samples retained from innocent people . "
Attempts to retain DNA samples are likely to meet with vigorous protests from civil liberties groups .
" The government has already stretched the limits of what should be permissible in a free society , " the director of Privacy International , Simon Davies , said .
" Over the past decade , by deception and stealth , legislation and practice has allowed the collection and use of DNA in ways that would be entirely unacceptable in most democracies . "
In a separate development , the government has sent a letter to MPs stating its intention to " retain biometric data provided such retention is based on consideration of the individual circumstances " .
Vernon Coaker , a Home Office minister , writes : " I can not emphasise enough the importance of ... DNA in particular , in the identification and detection of offenders . "
A Home Office spokesperson said : " As made clear we will comply fully with the judgment , which is why we have brought forward at the earliest opportunity an amendment to the Policing and Crime Bill to allow us to introduce regulations on the retention of DNA and fingerprints .
The contents of the regulations will be subject to a full public consultation in the Forensics white paper . "
Personal Quote :
[ on her role as Natasha Romanoff ]
Well you know , I do n't think I have never really seen a film of this genre , where the female characters ' sex appeal sort of came second .
I mean of course they 're sexy characters .
When you have a sexy secretary , or a girl swinging around by her ankles in a catsuit , you know that 's innately sexy , but the fact is that these characters are intelligent .
They 're ...
January 25 update : The IRCSRP propsal has been updated to version 1.1 , fixing a minor replay attack .
February 12 update : The IRCSRP propsal has been updated to version 2.0 , adding message authenticaton .
This blog post has NOT been updated , for version 2.0 see the IRCSRP page .
This article assumes a basic understanding of cryptography and IRC terminology ( such as “ channel ” ) .
IRC is mostly used for insensitive discussions in public channels , such as #math or #haskell on Freenode .
As anyone can join these discussions , the plain text nature of the IRC protocol is usually not considered a problem .
Although plain text and thus not suited for private discussions , the protocol offers some features that lends itself to this usage behavior .
First of all , it is possible for two users on an IRC network to talk to each other outside channels , similar to chat using instant messaging software .
It is also usually possible to form password - protected channels , a feature often used by a group of friends .
While the IRC protocol itself does not specify means for encrypting these private conversations , several methods have been implemented over the years .
Some IRC clients and servers now support SSL / TLS ; however as most large networks do not , and SSL still allows the server admin to eavesdrop on private conversations , other methods are more common .
This short article will attempt to describe how some of the more common methods work , as well as suggesting an improved SRP - based protocol fixing some shortcomings in the available methods .
A short primer on the IRC protocol
The methods described in this article all use the IRC protocol itself for transporting ciphertext .
To understand these methods it is thus necessary to understand the IRC protocol , at least to some extent .
Fortunately the protocol is not very complicated .
Consult RFC 2812 for the gritty details .
In this example , Alice has connected her IRC client to Freenode .
On connection , a small handshake takes place where Alice and Freenode negotiate a unique nickname .
Alice is not allowed to enter the server if her desired nickname is already in use .
With a unique nickname , Alice can talk to other users on the network .
Next , Alice joins #math and asks a question about some mathematical topic .
Her client sends to the server :
PRIVMSG #math : How can I prove this set has this property ?\r
The server then parses this message , and sends to all other users in channel #math :
:alice!alice@host.com
PRIVMSG #math : How can I prove this set has this property ?\r
The first part of the message , after the initial colon and before the first space , is a string of the form nickname!username@hostname .
The other users can thus know who sent the message .
The PRIVMSG message is also used for “ private messages ” ( note that due to the name of the command , this name is unfortunate ) .
If Alice and Bob talk to each other outside a channel , the message exchange looks something like this :
Alice sends to server :
PRIVMSG bob : Hi bob!\r
Server sends to bob :
:alice!alice@host.com PRIVMSG bob : Hi bob!\r
Bob sends to server :
PRIVMSG alice : Howdy alice !\r
Server sends to Alice :
:bob!bob@bobshost.com
PRIVMSG alice : Howdy alice !\r
There is a second method to send messages to a user or channel .
This is known as a NOTICE message , which has the exact same form as PRIVMSG .
Client software usually displays these messages differently than PRIVMSG .
Some of the software mentioned in this article use the NOTICE message for different purposes .
Encryption
All methods for encrypting IRC conversations within the protocol ( that is , excluding layers such as IRC over SSL / TLS ) work the same way .
The IRC client , or some plugin , or some other software between the client and the IRC server , rewrites the content of the PRIVMSG ( or NOTICE ) messages before it ’s sent to the server .
For example , the message :
PRIVMSG bob : Hi bob!\r
is rewritten to , using one common method described shortly :
PRIVMSG bob :+OK BRurM1 bWPZ1.\r
before being sent to the server .
( Note that the characters between the colon and the line break is not part of the IRC protocol itself ) .
Bob ’s software then decrypts this message and the client displays it on the screen , assuming of course Bob knows the details needed for decryption , such as keys .
From here on in the article , the message content ( as it would be sent without encryption ) will be referred to as the “ plaintext ” , and the replacement will be referred to as “ ircmessage ” .
In the example above :
plaintext = " Hi bob ! " ircmessage = " + OK BRurM1 bWPZ1 . "
Blowfish - ECB ( ” blowcrypt ” )
Probably the most common software for encrypting IRC is Fish , which is a plugin for several IRC clients .
Fish implements an encryption method originally used in a program called blowcrypt .
This method is supported by several other plugins and clients , such as Mircryption .
blowcrypt users ( Alice and Bob talking privately , or a whole channel ) agree on a password used as key .
Messages are then encrypted with Blowfish using this key , and formatted in a special way before being sent to the server .
There are two points of interest .
Blowfish is used in ECB mode , which is no mode at all .
Each message is split into blocks of 8 bytes , encrypted individually .
A block shorter than 8 bytes is padded with zeroes .
Because of this design decision , blowcrypt encryption is very easy to implement for software developers working on IRC clients .
The shortcoming is weaker security .
For example , the message “ Hi ” is encrypted to the same string every time , for a given key .
Before the ciphertext is sent to the server , it is formatted like so :
ircmessage = " + OK " || BlowcryptBase64 ( Blowfish ( key , plaintext ) )
Where || denote concatenation and BlowcryptBase64 is a non-standard base64 implementation .
The prefix “ + OK “ is used as an identifier for the software handling the decryption .
A conversation may look like this , where the string “ password ” is used as key :
PRIVMSG bob : Hi bob!\r
is rewritten to
PRIVMSG bob :+OK BRurM1 bWPZ1.\r
Here ’s some Python code .
>>> b = Blowfish ( " password " ) >>> blowcrypt_pack ( " Hi bob ! " , b ) '+ OK BRurM1 bWPZ1 . ' >>> blowcrypt_unpack(_ , b ) ' Hi bob ! '
Blowfish - CBC ( “ Mircryption ” )
An obvious shortcoming of blowcrypt is the use of ECB mode .
The Mircryption plugin , which supports several common IRC clients , supports a new encryption method using Blowfish in CBC mode .
( For more information about cryptographic modes in general and the CBC in particular , see the TrueCrypt article on this website ) .
For each message an 8 byte IV is randomly generated .
The message is encrypted with the key and the IV .
The message sent to the server is
ircmessage = " + OK * " || Base64 ( IV || BlowfishCBC ( key , IV , plaintext ) )
Here Base64 is the standard MIME base64 implementation , so other than the use of Blowfish this encryption method is different from , and better than , blowcrypt in most ways .
Here ’s some Python code :
>>> b = BlowfishCBC ( " keyTest " ) >>> mircryption_cbc_pack
( " Hello world ! " , b ) '+ OK *5 RQreHBF54PH3wFxsFmf2o1i6dh5ykeA ' >>> mircryption_cbc_unpack(_ , b ) ' Hello world !'
Diffie - Hellman key exchange ( “ DH1080 ” )
A problem for users of blowcrypt , Fish , Mircryption or similar software is handling the keys .
It is often cumbersome to establish a secret key with the person you want to talk to securely .
The Fish developers have solved this with the software DH1080 , which is an implementation of the Diffie - Hellman key exchange for IRC .
Diffie - Hellman is a cryptographic protocol where two parties establish a secret key over an insecure channel , thus getting rid of the need for users to remember / establish the key themselves .
Alice , using DH1080 , instructs the software to establish a key with Bob .
DH1080 then automatically does the necessary computations and communications with Bob to establish a secret key .
When everything is done Alice and Bob both know a secret key that can be used by Fish ( or other software ) .
DH1080 can only be used for “ private message ” conversations .
Due to constraints both from the Diffie - Hellman protocol itself and how IRC works , it is not feasible to use DH1080 for establishing a key for a whole channel .
So if you want to encrypt messages to a channel , you ’ll have to stick with a pre-determined key or use the proposed method discussed later in this article .
That said .
DH1080 is a standard Diffie - Hellman implementation , with few surprises .
The IRC specific part is how the message is formatted and sent .
Using the terminology from the Diffie - Hellman Wikipedia article :
1. Alice and Bob agree to use a prime number p ( see below ) and a base g = 2 .
2 . Alice chooses a secret integer 2 < a < p - 1 as private key , computes her public key A = g^a mod p and sends Bob , in a NOTICE message :
ircmessage = " DH1080 _INIT " || DH1080 Base64 ( IntAsBytes ( A ) )
3 . Bob chooses a secret integer 2 < b < p - 1 as private key , computes the public key B = g^b mod p and sends Alice , in a NOTICE message :
ircmessage = " DH1080 _FINISH " || DH1080 Base64 ( IntAsBytes ( B ) )
4 . Alice checks that B is valid and if it is computes the secret key s = B^a mod p. B is valid if 1 < B < p .
5 . Bob checks that A is valid and if it is computes the secret key s =
A^b mod p. A is valid if 1 < A < p .
Here , DH1080 Base64 is another non-standard base64 - implementation .
IntAsBytes is a variable length , big-endian representation of an integer .
For example , the integer 0xabbcc is represented as the three - byte string " \x0a\xbb\xcc " .
A point of interest : DH1080 uses a curious 1080 bit prime number p in the default implementation .
This prime number is constructed in such a way it yields a message in English when the prime number is base64 encoded .
In base 16 :
p = FBE1022E23D213E8ACFA9AE8B9DFADA3EA6B7AC7A7B7E95AB5EB2DF858921 FEADE95E6AC7BE7DE6ADBAB8A783E7AF7A7FA6A2B7BEB1E72EAE2B72F9FA2
BFB2A2EFBEFAC868BADB3E828FA8BADFADA3E4CC1BE7E8AFE85E9698A783E
B68FA07A77AB6AD7BEB618ACF9CA2897EB28A6189EFA07AB99A8A7FA9AE29 9EFA7BA66DEAFEFBEFBF0B7D8B
And when the prime is represented as bytes , coded with the non-standard base64 implementation :
++ECLiPSE+is+proud+to+present+latest+FiSH+release+featuring+e ven+more+security+for+you+++shouts+go+out+to+TMG+for+helping +
to+generate+this+cool+sophie+germain+prime+number++++/C32L
While the statement is arguably incorrect – p is a safe prime and ( p - 1 ) / 2 is Sophie Germain – this does n’t affect the security of the key exchange as the prime chosen satisfies all the desired properties for a “ strong ” prime .
By RFC 2631 , a prime chosen is considered secure if it can be written as p = jq + 1 , q is a large prime and j =>
2 . In this case , j = 2 by construction and both p and q=( p - 1 ) / 2 are prime , so the equality holds .
Here ’s some Python code :
>>> alice = DH1080Ctx ( ) >>> bob = DH1080Ctx ( ) >>> dh1080 _pack ( alice ) ' DH1080 _INIT qStH1LjBpb47s0XY80W9e3efrVSh2Qfq19291XAuwa7C9UFvW0sYY
424FOS6JNVsoYVH85lj6oPkr8w3KRZDDqVoV+7yCVtLmhCcC3dHyz4Ynbe93HEtR3n 26+Q1dWPm+JgZEGSYnhNunk7FOqsXFUR/2O9dkbpnxZDh2UFFmg0uGbukgG+FA ' >>> dh1080 _unpack ( _ , bob ) True >>> dh1080_pack ( bob ) ' DH1080 _FINISH mjyk//fqPoEwp5JfbJtzDmlfpzmtMEFw5Ueyk51ydAjXBd8cjqz m5oW9V0/VTk8ag0DzzKw8+9C6hPotvonaI8PwkSplHlDHjGJgcpirIn7C07jHw2WEt NUpZtyz2UNT/RStGLe/s+4MrmoUC6vOaIZMUu7sgCXyUbDfYk5QCcbQVRx6rH+hA ' >>> dh1080 _unpack (_ , alice ) True >>> dh1080_secret( alice ) 'tfu4Qysoy56OYeckat1HpJWzi+tJVx/cm+Svzb6eunQ ' >>> dh1080_secret( bob ) 'tfu4Qysoy56OYeckat1HpJWzi+tJVx/cm+Svzb6eunQ'
Misc .
Other than the two Blowfish based solutions mentioned , there exist several other , less common , methods .
Here are two of them .
PsyBNC
PsyBNC is a so - called bouncer , a kind of IRC proxy that offers several features .
One of these features is encryption .
The encryption is very similar to Blowfish - ECB , however instead of Base64 another serialization method is used instead .
During the code review , an innocent but dangerous implementation error was discovered in PsyBNC:s Blowfish code .
Until this problem is fixed , users are advised to switch to a different encryption method .
Cryptanalysis is available here , courtesy of David Wagner : sci.crypt : Strength of Blowfish with broken F - function ?.
OTR
OTR is worth mentioning not because it ’s very common , but because it should be .
OTR , or Off - the - Record Messaging , is designed for encrypting instant messaging - style conversations and offers several desirable features for these kinds of conversations .
While OTR cannot encrypt IRC channels due to technical reasons , it is ideal for private message conversations .
An OTR plugin currently exists for irssi .
Summary of available methods
There are two different cases to consider when choosing a solution for encrypting IRC conversations .
For “ private message ” conversations IRC does not severely limit the available choices , so more options are available :
Blowfish - ECB should due the ECB mode not be used at all .
Blowfish - CBC and a shared password :
If the two users can keep the shared password secret , this method is decent in its simplicity .
The fact that the users share a secret offers some authentication .
A problem is if the password is compromised .
Then all previous conversations are available to the attacker .
Blowfish - CBC with unauthenticated key exchange :
This solution has the benefit of getting rid of the need of the two users to remember / establish a shared secret .
Also , as the key can be constantly renewed , perfect forward secrecy is achieved .
There are , however , several important shortcomings .
Diffie Hellman alone can be attacked by a man in the middle – in fact it would be trivial for a server admin to automatically perform this attack when a DH1080 exchange takes place on his server .
Adding some sort of authentication solves this , however this may requires more involvement from the users .
OTR : This is the ideal solution ; in fact it was designed for instant message - style conversations .
Right now the only problem is lack of implementations .
As of January 2009 , there only exist one OTR plugin , for irssi ( while popular , mIRC is probably even more so ) .
For encrypting a whole channel , there are n’t as many reasonable choices .
Of the methods described above , Blowfish - CBC with a shared password is recommended .
A better method will be described shortly .
All of these methods can be combined with Tor or similar software to achieve anonymity , remembering the Tor end node can , like the IRC server admin , attack the DH key exchange .
Future improvements
There are currently no known attacks on Blowfish , so replacing this block cipher with something newer ( AES , Twofish ) is not necessarily an improvement – of course it does n’t hurt .
A more considerable improvement would be using a cryptographic protocol that somehow solves all the following problems :
Perfect forward secrecy .
Authentication .
Resistance against the attacks mentioned above ( e.g. MITM ) .
A compromised password should do as little damage as possible .
With the following constraints
Should be easy to use for end users , i.e. not requiring significant public key infrastructure .
Should be applicable to group conversations , i.e. IRC channels .
Should be reasonably straightforward to implement .
Should not abuse the IRC network ( this rules out solutions where all conversations take place in private messages , but client software rewrites the recipient giving the appearance of group conversation ) .
Here is my proposal to the IRC community .
Comments are welcome .
IRCSRP version 1.1
February 12 update : The IRCSRP propsal has been updated to version 2.0 , adding message authenticaton .
This blog post has NOT been updated , for version 2.0 see the IRCSRP page .
This new method of IRC encryption is based on the “ optimized ” SRP - 6 , the Secure Remote Password Protocol .
It is described in detail here : http://srp.stanford.edu/doc.html ( the first paper is especially readable ) .
SRP is a protocol for password - based authentication between a user and a host , where the user only has to remember a simple password .
No public key infrastructure is necessary .
The protocol as described in this article has been adapted for IRC usage .
Sample setup
Alice , Bob , Carol and Dave talk in a channel #friends on a public IRC network .
Dave is the most technical user of the four , and will be given a special purpose .
Overview
Instead of everyone on the channel sharing a password together , each one of Alice , Bob and Carol share a so - called verifier with Dave .
The basic idea of the IRC adapted protocol is each user does an authenticated key exchange with Dave .
Alice and Dave share knowledge of a password ( Alice knows her password , Dave has the verifier ) , which is used for authentication .
If successful , Dave sends the current session key to Alice , which is used for decrypting the content of the channel .
Once in a while Dave generates a new session key and broadcasts it to everyone on the channel .
Thus forward secrecy is achieved .
Details – channel encryption
The messages sent in the actual channel ( # friends in our example ) is :
ircmessage = " +aes " || Base64 ( IV || AESCBC ( sessionkey , IV , " M " || info || plaintext ) )
Here Base64 is the standard MIME base64 implementation with padding characters left intact .
AESCBC is AES in CBC - mode .
sessionkey is a 256 bit key randomly generated by Dave .
info is a short information string :
info = len( username ) || username || timestamp
username is a string , also known as ' I ' .
It will be described shortly .
len( username ) is a single byte telling the length of the string .
timestamp is a 32 bit Unix timestamp , represented in big endian .
As the IRC protocol is limited to messages 512 characters in length ( this includes the whole message , including the PRIVMSG command ) client software should split plaintext into parts if the complete IRC message gets too long .
When Dave broadcasts a new , updated session key , the message is :
ircmessage = " +aes " || Base64 ( IV || AESCBC ( old_sessionkey , IV , " \xffKEY " || new_sessionkey ) )
Details – the authenticated key exchange ( preparations )
The interesting part of the setup is establishing the session key for a user who does n’t already know it .
Here are some constants we are going to use , using the same terminology as the SRP paper .
N = The prime number from the 2048 - bit MODP Group as described in RFC 3526 .
g = 2
H = the SHA - 256 hash algorithm .
Depending on context , the hash is either a 32 - byte string or said string interpreted as a 256 bit big-endian integer .
Before the key exchange , Alice and Dave have to share some information .
1 ) Alice selects a username I and a password P .
The username should be constant and not derived from Alice IRC nickname or host .
2 ) Alice generates a random salt s then computes the verifier v :
s = random 256 bit integer x = H(s || I || P ) v = g^x ( mod N )
3 ) Alice gives Dave s and v , which he stores together with Alice username I .
From now on , Alice only has to remember I and P .
She can and should discard s , x and v .
It is very important Alice gives s and v to Dave in person , or through an existing authenticated secure channel ( such as a GPG encrypted e-mail . )
Details – the authenticated key exchange
The key exchange works as follows , where all ircmessage are sent in a NOTICE :
1 ) Alice sends
Dave her username I .
This initiates the exchange .
ircmessage = " + srpa0 " || I
2 ) Dave looks up Alice information ( s , v ) , computes and sends :
b = random integer with 1 < b < N. B = 3 v + g^b ( mod N ) ircmessage = " + srpa1 " || Base64 ( s || B )
3 ) Alice asserts B != 0 ( mod N ) , then computes and sends :
a = random integer with 1 < a < N. A = g^a ( mod N ) x = H(s || I || P ) u = H( A || B ) S = ( B – 3g^x ) ^( a + ux ) ( mod N ) K = H( S ) M1 = H( A || B || S ) ircmessage = " + srpa2 " || Base64 ( M1 || IntAsBytes ( A ) )
4 ) Dave verifies M1 , then if Alice is trusted , computes and sends :
u = H( A || B ) S = ( Av^u ) ^b ( mod N ) K = H( S ) M2 = H( A || M1 || S ) ircmessage = " + srpa3 " || Base64 ( IV || AESCBC(K , IV , sessionkey || M2 ) )
5 ) Alice verifies M2 , and decrypts the session key using K .
If the verification holds , then Dave and the session key are trusted .
Exactly why and how this works is described in the SRP paper .
Problems
The bottleneck in the protocol as described is the dependence on Dave .
There are two notable problems to consider :
Problem 1 : What happens when Dave is off - line
The protocol as described is better suited for medium sized than very small groups of friends .
For the case with 10 or more users , it is seldom a problem in practice to find one or two users with good enough uptime to act as Dave .
The problem is for smaller groups , such as the sample setup described above .
Assume all four users are talking to each other .
Carol then disconnects , and later Dave changes the session key for the channel .
Due to network trouble Dave then disconnects from the network .
While Alice and Bob can still talk to each other , Carol can no longer decrypt the messages .
With Dave offline , she ca n’t get the session key either .
Solution 1 :
There are several potential solutions for this problem .
Unfortunately most of the obvious ones ( such as distributing Dave ’s task ) add complexity to the protocol , where users no longer have to remember only their password .
Until this problem is solved , the users are recommended to fall back on a simpler encryption method .
Problem 2 : Net splits
A moderately common problem with IRC networks is so called net splits , where two or more IRC servers can no longer communicate .
Assume Alice and Bob are on one server , and Carol and Dave on another .
The two servers split .
After this has happened , Dave changes the key .
When the two servers rejoin , Alice and Bob can no longer understand Carol and Dave .
In this case , they will initiate a key exchange with Dave .
When several users simultaneously perform the SRP exchange with Dave , his CPU usage may spike for an unacceptable amount of time , depending on how fast his protocol implementation is and the number of users .
Solution 2 :
There are several possible solutions to this problem :
1 ) Dave changes the session key manually instead of automatically .
In this case he can avoid changing the key during a net split .
2 ) The software implementation adds some kind of net split detection , and does n’t change the session key when the network is considered unstable .
3 ) The problem is ignored – several users exchanging keys with Dave simultaneously is not considered a problem .
Implementation details
While the key exchange has slightly more steps than a simple Diffie - Hellman exchange such as the one used by DH1080 , all individual steps are quite easy to implement given a big integer library , a base64 implementation and code for AES , CBC and SHA256 .
In the Python programming language , the whole key exchange can be performed in about two hundred lines ( this implementation is quite slow though ) .
There are other considerations for implementations of the protocol , especially concerning automation of the key exchange .
1 ) Alice joins #friends and tells the IRC client her password .
This is the only user intervention required .
2 ) The implementation randomly picks a Dave and initiates the exchange .
3 ) From here on everything happens automatically , as required .
For the second step , the implementation may look for users prefixed as channel operators , or each user saves nicknames for the Dave ’s in a configuration file .
Code
Here ’s some Python code , demonstrating Dave 's setup , Alice setup and the key exchange itself .
>>> s , v = ircsrp_generate ( " alice " , " passw " ) >>> dave = IRCSRPCtx ( True ) >>> dave.users.db [ " alice " ] = ( s , v ) >>> dave.sessionkey = urandom ( 32 ) >>> dave.cipher = AESCBC ( dave.sessionkey ) >>> >>> alice = IRCSRPCtx ( ) >>> alice.username = " alice " >>> alice .
password = " passw " >>> >>> ircsrp_exchange ( alice ) '+ srpa0 alice ' >>> ircsrp_exchange ( dave , _ , " alicenick " ) '+ srpa1 AU / DMrnF/JrccLBs4EKDW4U4fJHafqvAwIsOxTiI84Z9oeisZlO6D1a XTuUXeslI/4957Q1kUtJURzjulRSk43bZSeDfE90u/WvcfD5ayh/d7owdaVAsh/
eN6p7dJFSqWEh0Rd8xD1FM+w/SZ+6MF+USybPAe+MFg0cWmJx2UDryvWd0y0UiG
RNvVVdtWOS5TojJ7Psk+4wXrPq+1wz18+h6C/LbElJKezhsu2H02kdpfT9vSJ+7 bQBrfgWqr7QASakO+6I3BuyuVaIirVLrX1XHSwXE3Kt91TQAHY7clLXiYrVOOs1 E27VY8VJ7imXD3tlbx1TVzJRNehrWKPqrn3Wl42PxDN62fG/NisN/YeC6hiTivs 6ivwA6btsWHX9h ' >>> ircsrp_exchange ( alice , _ ) '+ srpa2 6kSQvvZnqioVmLMsrNG0/CPFOnMW6qutgOOHCLCPJJBvHJtbjy2Q0Ee Al0AAJdymGXyLvADHpDt5UgVLn0TtGLEc86wx+Shf/bdXAsOHaZrRm/P8csN2yy t4CPSTr/oIGP8 bLZIVcVOjZHwPX2uF9tmOE9o9xotLzPJVbEbZoCC/uvvMjQRch
LgW4tg6gknpI5U/noi0w4cMA7OY9HnBRXgGjTbrMIm00bkE3v7YWZ0CXBZX9W7q F2B28qJauT5l6PL3o/PAgw3I5MP28/eowWGEjNf6W1wWqmE1q2oXS88xeCEAQ6A
mU0qFiHrWBFMP04Um9WNKAuNR9e8p/zGink/nCWX6JmjbApJRbHTjx3nNa7qCCN
3Fg/QsA+uJNkbA ' >>> ircsrp_exchange ( dave , _ , " alicenick " ) '+ srpa3 KLSFN+yqid9NXBzJEydFTAJm+9U5dZcbNIGr8sjzrLoOvSWn70H652D gU/IA8a7PlDiL3YzJOTI/mk1C1x+M8WG8cjbsx8axdlmCvFC/xpk= ' >>> ircsrp_exchange ( alice , _ ) *** Session key is : '\xce\xa3k\xa3\x03\xfdx$=\xd1\xf1P\xa4Cw \x16\\\xaaw!d\x9f]|\xddl\xe4q\x15%\xfcI ' True >>>
dave.sessionkey ' \xce\xa3k\xa3\x03\xfdx$=\xd1\xf1P\xa4Cw\x16\\\xaaw!d\x9f]|\xddl \xe4q\x15%\xfcI ' >>> >>> ircsrp_pack ( alice , " Hello everyone ! " ) '+aes zNRmWAM1WxOedS0twJVOIoBTQKbh/7c5GzgHRnfL+KbSrLCGTLjW/3yvV AoiPMWh ' >>> ircsrp_unpack ( dave , _ ) ***
Sent by username : alice ***
Sent at time : Sun Jan 25 16:11:47 2009 ' Hello everyone !'
Conclusion
Of the available methods for encrypting IRC , This author recommends the Blowfish - CBC method for encrypting channels , and OTR for private messages ( in which case it may be easier to use instant messaging instead of IRC ) .
For protection only against passive eavesdroppers , Blowfish - CBC+DH1080 can be used instead of OTR .
The proposed IRCSRP method may not be applicable for all usage scenarios , but when it is the authentication and session key based approach should give considerably stronger security than a shared password .
The code in this article is available here : irccrypt.py .
It has a the free OpenBSD license , and can be used for pretty much any purpose .
Mumbai's 60 hours of terror were the work of a small team of professionally trained " commando killers " , who spent weeks planning their atrocities , according to initial evidence emerging here yesterday .
Officials said they believe the terrorists who carried out attacks that left almost 200 people dead , and who held off the security forces for three days , may have numbered as few as 10 .
Only one – apparently a Pakistani national identified as Mohammed Ajmal Qasam by a senior Indian official – was captured alive .
And a report claimed that , under interrogation , he told officials that he and his colleagues wanted to carry out " India 's 9/11 " – a title that local television channels have already attached to this week 's events .
Other reports said the men were linked to Lashkar - e - Taiba , a Pakistan - based group that has fought Indian forces in disputed Kashmir and was blamed for a 2001 attack on India 's parliament .
Despite suggestions that one or more of the terrorists may have been British , authorities in the UK and India damped down talk of such a connection .
Gordon Brown , the Prime Minister , said that the Indian government had assured him there was no evidence that the terrorists had British origins .
The Home Secretary , Jacqui Smith , said that British authorities had " no knowledge " of any links with the massacre .
In India , Vilasrao Deshmukh , the Maharashtra state chief minister , said : " There is no such authentic information .
We totally deny this . "
David Miliband , the Foreign Secretary , was more circumspect .
In an interview with Sky News yesterday , he said it was " too early to say " if any of the terrorists were British .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
What is certain is that the series of co-ordinated incidents involved a new level of planning and training for terror attacks in South Asia .
The terrorists apparently had GPS equipment , were heavily armed , well disciplined and in all likelihood had carried out a reconnaissance mission .
Some may have checked into the Taj Mahal hotel several days before launching the violence on Wednesday .
One of their first acts once inside the hotel was to blow up the CCTV control room .
Surviving hotel staff said the men seemed to have a practised knowledge of the hotel 's less obvious internal routes .
And they may also have recruited local help .
Yesterday , the Indian navy said it was investigating the possibility that a trawler found drifting off the coast of Mumbai , with a bound corpse on board , was used in the attack .
The authorities suspect the Kuber had sailed from the neighboring state of Gujarat , and that the militants used a rubber dinghy found nearby to come ashore .
For the paramilitaries and commandos confronting the gunmen , it was no easy matter .
An army general told reporters the terrorists were well armed and well trained , something that would explain why a relatively small number of them could hold off the security forces for so long .
" At times we found them matching us in combat and movement , " said one commando .
" They were either army regulars or have done a long stint of commando training . "
They were equipped with sophisticated weapons , mobile and satellite phones , and were " constantly in touch with a foreign country " , police said .
" Whenever they were under a little bit of pressure they would hurl a grenade .
They freely used grenades , " said commando chief Jyoti Krishna Dutt .
The gunmen were prepared for a long haul , carrying bags of almonds and dried fruit to keep their energy levels high .
One man 's backpack contained 400 rounds of ammunition .
The three - day siege ended around 7 am yesterday , when commandos killed the last three terrorists , who were holed up in the seafront Taj Mahal hotel , near the Gateway of India monument .
Since Thursday , the authorities had repeatedly said they were on the brink of " cleaning out " the hotel , but the last three fighters put up tough resistance .
At least one commando was also killed in the running gun battle .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Dutt told reporters crowded outside the battle - scarred building that gunmen had set parts of the hotel ablaze as they played cat and mouse with the security forces and left bodies in their wake , some with grenades stuffed into their mouths or concealed underneath them .
An American tourist , identified as Patricia , who had been trapped in her room , told a television news channel : " The blood , everywhere the blood .
And when we came down to the lobby , all the hundreds and hundreds of policemen were standing there looking so fried and so sad . "
Yesterday , the authorities began removing bodies and taking them to hospital mortuaries for identification .
It is unclear how many bodies were removed from the hotel , but it is likely that the death toll will rise considerably .
A number were being delivered to the Sir JJ Hospital in Mumbai , where tearful families came to identify the bodies of relatives .
Pakistan 's President , Asif Ali Zardari , said he would act against any groups in his country shown to be responsible for the attacks .
The country 's ISI intelligence agency is due to dispatch a senior official to India to help in the investigation .
" As President of Pakistan , if any evidence comes of any individual or group in any part of my country , I shall take the swiftest of action in the light of evidence and in front of the world , " he said .
Meanwhile , the leader of militant groups in Pakistani Kashmir called the slaughter of civilians in Mumbai " reprehensible " and denied that any member of his alliance was involved .
Syed Salahuddin , who heads the United Jihad Council , told Reuters : " I can say with utmost certainty that none of the Kashmiri jihadi groups has any involvement with the events in Mumbai . "
Additional reporting by Richard Orange in Mumbai
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The number of U.S. workers drawing jobless aid jumped to a record high in mid-February , while the recession undercut demand for manufactured goods last month and sent new homes sales to their lowest since 1963 .
The worsening global economic slump pushed new orders for long - lasting U.S. manufactured goods to a six - year low in January .
The housing market , at the center of the downturn , continued to slow and sales of new home hit a record trough in January , according to government reports on Thursday .
“ We are deteriorating about as fast as we can , the data today were pretty catastrophic .
The economy is going to continue to contract , probably at least until the middle of the year , ” said Stephen Stanley , chief economist at RBS Greenwich Capital Markets in Greenwich , Connecticut .
Companies are cutting staff to lower costs as demand slumps and banks limit access to credit .
However , rising unemployment is sapping consumer spending and piling pressure on an economy wallowing in a 14 - month recession .
The government has stepped in with a $ 787 billion package of spending and tax cuts to break the downward spiral .
U.S. stocks , which largely ignored the data , fell on worries that the Obama administration plan to expand healthcare coverage would be a drag on industry profits .
The Dow Jones ended down 88.81 points at 7,182.08 .
Treasury debt prices , which usually rally on poor economic data , sagged as the prospect of a record $ 1.75 trillion budget deficit underscored to need to raise bond issuance .
The number of people remaining on the benefits roll after drawing an initial week of assistance increased by 114,000 to a record 5.11 million in the week ended February 14 , the most recent week for which data is available , the Labor Department said .
Initial claims for state unemployment insurance benefits increased to a seasonally adjusted 667,000 last week from 631,000 the prior week , the department said .
It was the highest reading since October 1982 .
The surge in weekly applications for unemployment benefits implied February ’s jobs report could show a decline in payrolls in excess of 700,000 , according to some economists .
“ It ’s getting uglier by the day .
According to our model estimate , the recent surge in initial jobless claims signals a decline in February payrolls of about 750,000 , ” said Harm Bandholz , an economist at Unicredit Markest & Investment Banking in New York .
Payrolls declined by nearly 600,000 in January , the largest drop since 1974 .
Craig Berry , who has been unemployed for 10 months , signs up for temporary work at a Manpower temporary agency in Chicago February 5 , 2009 .
REUTERS / John Gress
DURABLE ORDERS PLUNGE
A separate report from the Commerce Department durable goods orders dropped 5.2 percent to $ 163.8 billion in January , the lowest level since December 2002 .
Orders fell 4.6 percent in November .
Non-defense capital goods orders excluding aircraft , a closely watched proxy for business spending , declined 5.4 percent in January from a 5.8 percent drop in December .
Analysts said this pointed to a sharper contraction in first quarter gross domestic product than currently being forecast .
“ We have been looking for signs that the economy ’s rate of decline might be slowing , but ca n’t find any , ” said Nigel Gault chief U.S. economist at IHS Global Insight in Lexington , Massachusetts .
“ The fourth quarter GDP decline is likely to be revised to a fall of over 5 percent .
The first quarter will be worse . ”
Data on Friday is expected to show that the economy contracted at a faster pace in the fourth quarter than the 3.8 percent decline the government estimated last month .
In another report , the Commerce Department said new home sales plunged 10.2 percent to a 309,000 annual pace , the lowest on records dating back to 1963 , from 344,000 in December .
The median sales price in January tumbled 13.5 percent to $ 201,100 from a year earlier , the lowest level since December 2003 , the department said .
The percentage decrease was the largest since July 1970 .
The inventory of homes available for sale in January was 342,000 , the lowest in more than five years .
However , because of the weak January sales pace , the supply of homes available for sale now equals 13.3 months , a record high .
Analysts are closely watching the supply of houses on the market for signs as to when the housing downturn will start bottoming .
Many believe stability could return in the second half of the year , but much depends on whether the government ’s plans to prop up the fractured financial sector succeeds .
In September , Bank of America wanted to show that , with its acquisition of Merrill Lynch , it knew what it was getting into .
Now Bank of America is wants to show it had no idea what it was getting into .
The about - face naturally puts the spotlight on the investment bankers -- Fox - Pitt Kelton and J. Christopher Flowers - - who advised BofA Chief Executive Ken Lewis on the deal .
And at the center is Christopher Flowers , a former Goldman Sachs & Co. banker and prominent investor in banks and financial - services firms , who reverted to ...
A highly respected literary and academic figure failed to attend a talk he was due to give for a literature festival , after getting confused over the date .
Professor of philosophy Anthony Grayling , of Birkbeck College , University of London , had arranged to speak about his latest book , The Choice of Hercules .
His talk was part of Richmond ’s 17th annual literature festival .
The book reflects on the challenges of duty versus pleasure .
Anna Lombardo , of Mount Ararat Road , Richmond , who was part of the crowd gathered for the event , said : “ I was left in some doubt over Professor Grayling ’s position on the matter , after he failed to show up . ”
Prof Grayling was one of the most eminent speakers participating in the festival .
Tickets for his appearance had sold out .
His talk was scheduled to take place at the American International University in Queen ’s Road , Richmond , at 7.30 pm on Wednesday , November 19 .
By 8 pm , an announcement was made saying the talk would not go ahead .
Festival programmer Penny Bowles said : “ Professor Grayling was absolutely mortified when he realised what had happened , especially because of the nature of the talk .
“ Although we had arranged for the event to take place on Wednesday , somehow it had become fixed in his mind that it was due to take place on Thursday . ”
Prof Grayling said : “ I made a mistake about the date of my talk at Richmond , and was very upset indeed to have done so .
“ I am glad that the talk has been rescheduled .
“ I ’ve talked at the Richmond Literary Festival before , to excellent audiences who ask perceptive and interesting questions .
“ I ’m looking forward to more of the same , and to being able to make amends in person for last week . ”
Ticket holders , who had been enjoying free wine since their arrival , were offered a full refund , along with an apology and an explanation as to why the professor had been unable to attend .
For the most part they took the news in good spirit .
The event has now been rescheduled for Wednesday at the same venue and time .
Existing ticket holders will be able to attend using their original tickets .
Dr. Willem Kolff , the Dutch physician and tinkerer who built the first kidney dialysis machine from cellophane , Ford auto parts and other scraps and in the process saved the lives of millions , died from natural causes Wednesday at a Philadelphia care center .
The “ father of artificial organs , ” who also built the first successful artificial heart , was 97 .
“ Dr. Kolff was a pioneer in the truest sense of the word , ” said Michael K. Young , president of the University of Utah , where Kolff concluded his career .
“ His groundbreaking work on the artificial kidney in the 1940s made him a household name and a hero to millions of people around the world who benefited from this life - saving technology . ”
Kolff was a young physician in Groningen in the Netherlands before World War II when he saw a 22 - year - old man die of kidney failure .
“ I felt that if I could remove every day 20 grams of urea from this man , then he could live , ” he later recalled .
Physicians had encountered two primary problems in trying to achieve this : filtering urea and other toxins from the blood and keeping the blood from clotting while it was outside the body .
During World War I , a German physician , Dr. Georg Haas , had some success with a newly developed anticoagulant called heparin , but he could not filter the blood fast enough and the supply of heparin was limited .
Strangely , he left his work half - completed , and the medical community largely forgot about it .
Kolff began experimenting with sausage casings made of cellophane , a form of plastic made from wood or cotton .
The material is porous , and Kolff suspected that it might suit his purposes .
He found that when the casings were filled with blood and agitated in a solution of salt water , the urea and excess water diffused out while essential blood components were trapped inside the tube .
Heparin , moreover , had become commercially available .
Kolff wrapped the tubing around a drum and , using parts from a water pump that he obtained from a Ford dealer and some empty orange juice cans , built a mechanism to turn the drum .
The first 16 patients he treated died .
Then , shortly after the end of World War II , he was asked to treat the comatose Maria Schafstadt , a 67 - year - old widow imprisoned for collaborating with the Nazis .
Although he felt that many of his countrymen “ would have liked to wring her neck , ” he agreed .
After a week , Schafstadt came out of the coma .
As she slowly opened her eyes , her first words were , “ I am going to divorce my husband , ” who was opposed to the Nazis .
She lived seven more years before dying of problems unrelated to her kidneys .
Today , more than 200,000 Americans undergo regular dialysis each year to keep themselves alive , often as a temporary measure while they await a kidney transplant .
Kolff later developed a portable version of the dialysis machine that could be used to perform at - home dialysis , which is now becoming more common .
For his achievement , he received the 2002 Albert Lasker Award for Clinical Medical Research , a prize that is often a precursor to the Nobel .
Many of his colleagues have argued that he should have received the Nobel as well because of the effect of his research , attributing the fact that he did not to politics .
But Kolff was not finished .
After immigrating to the United States in 1950 , learning English and reinstating his medical degree here , he began concentrating on the heart .
Building on lessons he had learned in making the artificial kidney , he developed a membrane oxygenator to add the vital gas to blood while it was outside the body .
The oxygenator is a crucial component of the heart - lung machines that are used to keep patients alive during open - heart surgery .
He also was the crucial player in designing the first successful artificial heart -- which was known as the Jarvik - 7 because of Kolff ’s habit of attaching the name of a colleague or student to devices under development .
On Dec. 2 , 1982 , Dr. William DeVries implanted the heart in the chest of retired Seattle dentist Barney Clark , who survived for 112 days .
Dr. Robert Jarvik became famous as a result , but colleagues agreed it was Kolff ’s heart .
Refined versions of the device are still used as a bridge to heart transplants .
In his later years , Kolff worked on other artificial organs , including an eye and an ear , but those proved to be much more difficult organs to replicate .
Willem Johan Kolff was born in Leiden , the Netherlands , on Feb. 14 , 1911 , the son of a doctor .
Although his childhood goal was to become the director of a zoo , his father convinced him to study medicine instead , and he received his degree from Leiden University in 1938 .
He was a staff physician at the University of Groningen in 1940 when Germany invaded the Netherlands .
After the Jewish hospital director was replaced with a Nazi sympathizer , Kolff moved to a small hospital in Kampen , on the Zuider Zee , where he sat out the war .
Kolff aided the local resistance movement , providing medical “ alibis ” to help many escape detection .
When the Germans attempted to take in one local resistance leader for questioning , Kolff withdrew two pints of blood from the man ’s arm and had him drink it .
Laboratory tests then showed that the man was anemic and had copious blood in his stool -- signs of a severe ulcer .
The Germans did not question him because they assumed he would die shortly .
When the Germans invaded on May 19 , 1940 , Kolff happened to be at The Hague for a funeral .
When he saw the German bombers , he excused himself from the ceremony and went to the city ’s main hospital , where he volunteered to set up a blood bank .
With an armed escort , he drove through the city streets , dodging bombs and snipers and collecting bottles , tubing and all the other paraphernalia needed for storing blood .
Within four days , he had established the first blood bank in Europe .
It is still operating today .
After he immigrated to the United States , Kolff spent 17 years at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation before moving on to Utah in 1967 .
He finished his career there , formally retiring in 1986 .
He continued working in his laboratory until bad health overtook him in 1997 .
Kolff was divorced by his wife of 63 years , Janke , in 2000 , reportedly because she could no longer stand his constant tinkering .
She died in 2006 .
He is survived by four sons , Therus , Jacob , Albert and Kees ; a daughter , Adrie Burnett ; 12 grandchildren ; and six great - grandchildren .
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
Are you are a self - taught Web designer ?
Or , are you a visual communications graduate with a degree ?
No matter your level of education , you know that Web design is an ever - changing field .
Software changes , accessibility demands , usability concerns and platform incompatibilities all contribute to the demand for constant learning curves .
Open courseware solutions may be the answer to your Web development woes .
No matter where you live , you can take the courses listed below at your own pace and in the comfort of your home or office and at no cost to you .
While some courses listed below are sponsored by colleges and universities , others are provided by experts in their fields .
The following categories are listed alphabetically , and each link in those categories also is listed alphabetically .
This methodology ensures that we do not favor one resource over another .
Accessibility
Accessibility issues have come to the forefront with lawsuits against companies that maintain sites that are inaccessible to some users .
Stay on top of this topic with the resources listed below :
Accessibility in Interaction Design : Learning
Space analyzes some common impairment and disability groups and how they interact with interactive design [ Learning Space ] .
Accessibility of eLearning : Introducing accessibility and disability and how online materials either limit or enhance learning for others [ Learning Space ] .
HTML Best Practices : Illinois Center for Information Technology Accessibility offers tutorials on how to develop an accessible Web site [ University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign ] .
Web Accessibility Initiative ( WAI ) : The World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) provides information on how to create an accessible Web site [ W3C ] .
Animation
Animation has become more accessible and is considered a very usable option for online communication .
Learn more here :
Basic Web Design
The following courses provide information on how to build a site .
Some links listed below are updated as changes occur in methodology .
Fundamentals of Computational Media Design :
An MIT course that introduces principles of analysis and synthesis in the computational medium [ MIT ] .
HTML Basics :
This course covers the basic structure of an HTML document , what HTML tags look like , the fundamental document structure , and basic tags found in nearly all HTML documents [ University of Washington ] .
Introduction to Web Design : Indiana University offers several modules on Web design .
You ’ll need Real Player [ Indiana University ] .
W3Schools : Instructors often point their students to this site for basic information on everything from HTML to PHP and more [ W3Schools ] .
Web Page Authoring : Jo Anne Howell from Gavilan College offers this course through the Sofia open content initiative [ Sofia ] .
Weekly Web Design Class : Jennifer Kyrnin is a professional Web developer who has assisted others to learn Web Design , HTML , CSS , and XML since 1995 [ About.com ] .
Copyright and Legal Issues
Copyright and legal issues have increased for Web designers over the past few years .
Stay on top of these topics with the classes and information listed below :
Creative Commons : Creative Commons provides education , free licenses and other legal tools to mark creative work with the freedom the creator wants it to carry [ Creative Commons ] .
Ethics and the Law on the Electronic Frontier :
This course considers the interaction between law , policy , and technology as they relate to the evolving controversies over control of the Internet [ MIT ] .
GNU Licenses : Learn more about the GNU license , a free , “ copyleft ” license for software and other kinds of works [ GNU ] .
Internet and Copyright Law :
This article is designed to provide readers with information on how they can protect their intellectual property or avoid putting themselves in the line of legal fire [ Web Developer ’s Virtual Library ] .
Introduction to Copyright Law :
This course is an introduction to copyright law and American law in general [ MIT ] .
Text as Property / Property as Text :
This course covers topics such as ownership , plagiarism , and ethical and legal topics in writing [ Rice Connexions ] .
E-Commerce
You or your clients will want to make money on the Internet to pay all those writers , Web designers and hosting solutions .
The courses below teach various aspects about E - Commerce solutions :
An Introduction to E- Commerce and Distributed Applications :
This unit examines the type of system which is described by the umbrella term ‘ e - commerce ’ [ Learning Space ] .
E-Commerce and the Internet in Real Estate and Construction :
This module examines the long term effects of information technology on business strategy in the real estate and construction industry [ MIT ] .
Economics and E - commerce :
This course uses theoretical models and studies of “ old economy ” industries to help understand the growth and future of electronic commerce [ MIT ] .
Transaction Processing for E - Commerce : Transaction processing is a systems engineering problem , with many interacting parts .
This course covers them all [ University of Washington ] .
Graphics and Design
Web design , or the ability to communicate visually , incorporates elements and principles that are timeless , yet that change constantly in the digital world .
Learn more about color , typography and other creative topics with these courses :
Usability
Unlike accessibility , usability affects the success of any digital communication with all users , not just a segment of the population .
The following courses can help you learn more .
Common Sense Reasoning for Interactive Applications :
This course explores the state of the art in common sense knowledge , and design and interfaces that can exploit this knowledge to make information more usable and helpful [ MIT ] .
Communicating in Cyberspace : Students are encouraged to think about the Web and other new digital interactive media not just in terms of technology but also broader issues such as language ( verbal and visual ) , design , information architecture , communication and community [ MIT ] .
Designing for Humans :
This lecture focuses on how to prevent user errors and design human - oriented solutions [ Gresham College ] .
Designing Sociable Media :
This course is not about how to use social media , but how the design of the interface influences people ’s interactions with each other and shapes the cultural mores and structures they develop [ MIT ] .
ICTs : e-government : Although this course at the Learning Space is about e-governments online , it contains some remarkable information on information graphics , usability and accessibility [ Learning Space ] .
People - Centered Design :
One of the primary considerations in all fields of design is ‘ usability ’ and , increasingly , the phenomenon of ‘ user - centered design . ’
Learn about it at the Learning Space [ Learning Space ] .
Social Visualization :
In this course you can examine ways of visualizing people , their activities and their interactions [ MIT ] .
User - Centered Design and Navigation :
This course is based upon using user - centered Web design as a means to design content [ Rice Connexions ] .
Writing
You may be visually oriented , but communication also involves writing .
Learn how to write or how to improve your writing through the links below .
By By Paul Wallis Jan 26 , 2009 in Business Economists are now looking at possible US job losses of 600,000 a month .
That ’s 7.2 million per year .
One year would exceed the worst predictions .
So far the pattern of responses by employers is a series of short term knee jerks and no forward logic .
This is about as vicious as any circle needs to get , but this circle has saw teeth on it , big ones , and a lot of them .
The Say there are job cuts worth $ 1 million after taxes in payroll cuts .
It does n’t just cost $ 1 million in lost business .
It snowballs .
The money was also used as bank deposits , savings , investments , 401 ks , service fees , and added values as the impact affects the bottom lines of businesses worth tens of millions .
So those job cuts are n’t going to have any trouble doing $ 2 million worth of actual damage .
If you add the longer term investment value of money put into 401 ks , you ’re looking at several million , over a 5 year term , at least .
The real killers are sales losses .
This is how to shrink an economy in a hurry .
Turnover is important , and things just ai n’t turning over .
Add deflation , and pretty mediocre sales , and you ’re seeing where the train hit .
Jobs , jobs , jobs is the cry , and Job creation will fix a lot of bottom lines , if it takes hold .
This is going to be the first step out of the hospital bed , and nobody ’s expecting miracles .
You do n’t replace trillions of dollars of capital with a few billion .
You do , however , make capital recovery more probable .
If you also start creating viable businesses , where the reverse cycle creates capital , and the inflow of cash and demand creates some forward momentum .
Employers have a choice ; they can either keep on playing How Broke Can We Get , or start trying to generate some new business .
This is the sales role in its alter ego as capital creator .
If employers do deals , make turnover , and start generating profit , not counseling sessions , they ’ll fight their way out .
This is basic sales , and with deflation looking like the most obvious next albatross to be hung around the economy ’s neck , it ’s more realistic .
The money is n’t there to generate the old spectra of returns , so do deals where you ’re moving your stock .
It ’s an ancient merchant approach , but the ancient merchants did manage to keep eating .
There ’s a certain justice in the fact that the despised American worker , recipient of medieval pay scales and utter contempt from the business “ culture ” of the past , is the only real savior available .
I can see the slogan : $ 8 - 12 an hour , and you can save your country !
Inspiring , eh ?
If these people had , or had ever had , any money to spend and invest , this situation would n’t be so bad .
Economists might like to consider that there may be something wrong with a stagnant pool of 100 million people in a population of 300 million who can only generate so much actual economic activity .
They ’re not trained , so they ca n’t produce big amounts of capital .
They ’re also not healthy , so their performance is likely to be shaky .
It ’s a real pleasure to write this : Poverty is now a luxury .
The world ca n’t afford billions of poor people .
The most effective nails in the coffin of the old socio economic structure are the pointed realities of a society which simply can’t generate capital , because of its massive imbalances .
America had a situation where a tiny minority , something like 1 - 5 % of the country , was holding 90 % of the wealth .
That was about as sick a statistic as you could ever hope to see .
It was a funeral notice for economic safety margins .
You can get away with a “ natural ” imbalance , where some people are making more than others .
You can not get away with a system where more than 90 % of the population are excluded from fundamental levels of economic safety .
America had no protection from its capital distribution schematic .
Nearly all the eggs were in a very nominal basket .
One of the reasons things have got so bad so fast was that there was almost no capital outside the disaster area .
Another problem is that the machinery which created the mess is now being expected to fix it .
The same Ship Of Fools is being asked to find the New World .
Their logic , obviously , has n’t changed .
Nobody has experience in Depressions .
The fix is : Ø Create new , viable businesses .
Ø Create and enforce a high value workforce which is capable of producing capital at the levels required for a modern society .
Ø
Create new capital on a scale suitable for sustained , trustworthy economic growth .
Ø Quarantine the diseases from the past .
Ø
Work on a much stronger capital distribution schematic .
Ø Regulate and enforce capital investment law .
And for God ’s sake do something about that ridiculous minimum wage , and the pig it rode in on .
In any other Western country you ’d be classified as living in poverty .
The result is job losses > sales losses > business losses > job losses .
This is about as vicious as any circle needs to get , but this circle has saw teeth on it , big ones , and a lot of them .
The job losses affect the local consumer market first , then the suppliers of that market , and their suppliers .
The sales losses affect producers .
The business losses affect finance asset values and so on , with even theoretical money disappearing in a cloud of excuses .
Say there are job cuts worth $ 1 million after taxes in payroll cuts .
It does n’t just cost $ 1 million in lost business .
It snowballs .
The money was also used as bank deposits , savings , investments , 401 ks , service fees , and added values as the impact affects the bottom lines of businesses worth tens of millions .
So those job cuts are n’t going to have any trouble doing $ 2 million worth of actual damage .
If you add the longer term investment value of money put into 401 ks , you ’re looking at several million , over a 5 year term , at least .
The real killers are sales losses .
This is how to shrink an economy in a hurry .
Turnover is important , and things just ai n’t turning over .
Add deflation , and pretty mediocre sales , and you ’re seeing where the train hit .
Jobs , jobs , jobs is the cry , and President Obama ’s stimulus is quite rightly aimed at getting the treadmill turning again .
This is strictly conventional economics , it ’s what you ’re supposed to do in this situation .
It ’s got a damn sight better chance of working than the failed monetarist approach , where everything is fixed by interest rates and everyone lives in a castle .
Job creation will fix a lot of bottom lines , if it takes hold .
This is going to be the first step out of the hospital bed , and nobody ’s expecting miracles .
You do n’t replace trillions of dollars of capital with a few billion .
You do , however , make capital recovery more probable .
If you also start creating viable businesses , where the reverse cycle creates capital , and the inflow of cash and demand creates some forward momentum .
Employers have a choice ; they can either keep on playing How Broke Can We Get , or start trying to generate some new business .
This is the sales role in its alter ego as capital creator .
If employers do deals , make turnover , and start generating profit , not counseling sessions , they ’ll fight their way out .
This is basic sales , and with deflation looking like the most obvious next albatross to be hung around the economy ’s neck , it ’s more realistic .
The money is n’t there to generate the old spectra of returns , so do deals where you ’re moving your stock .
It ’s an ancient merchant approach , but the ancient merchants did manage to keep eating .
There ’s a certain justice in the fact that the despised American worker , recipient of medieval pay scales and utter contempt from the business “ culture ” of the past , is the only real savior available .
I can see the slogan : $ 8 - 12 an hour , and you can save your country !
Inspiring , eh ?
If these people had , or had ever had , any money to spend and invest , this situation would n’t be so bad .
Economists might like to consider that there may be something wrong with a stagnant pool of 100 million people in a population of 300 million who can only generate so much actual economic activity .
They ’re not trained , so they ca n’t produce big amounts of capital .
They ’re also not healthy , so their performance is likely to be shaky .
It ’s a real pleasure to write this : Poverty is now a luxury .
The world ca n’t afford billions of poor people .
The most effective nails in the coffin of the old socio economic structure are the pointed realities of a society which simply can’t generate capital , because of its massive imbalances .
America had a situation where a tiny minority , something like 1 - 5 % of the country , was holding 90 % of the wealth .
That was about as sick a statistic as you could ever hope to see .
It was a funeral notice for economic safety margins .
You can get away with a “ natural ” imbalance , where some people are making more than others .
You can not get away with a system where more than 90 % of the population are excluded from fundamental levels of economic safety .
America had no protection from its capital distribution schematic .
Nearly all the eggs were in a very nominal basket .
One of the reasons things have got so bad so fast was that there was almost no capital outside the disaster area .
Another problem is that the machinery which created the mess is now being expected to fix it .
The same Ship Of Fools is being asked to find the New World .
Their logic , obviously , has n’t changed .
Nobody has experience in Depressions .
The fix is : Ø Create new , viable businesses .
Ø
Create and enforce a high value workforce which is capable of producing capital at the levels required for a modern society .
Ø
Create new capital on a scale suitable for sustained , trustworthy economic growth .
Ø
Quarantine the diseases from the past . Ø
Work on a much stronger capital distribution schematic .
Ø
Regulate and enforce capital investment law .
And for God ’s sake do something about that ridiculous minimum wage , and the pig it rode in on .
In any other Western country you ’d be classified as living in poverty .
This opinion article was written by an independent writer .
The opinions and views expressed herein are those of the author and are not necessarily intended to reflect those of DigitalJournal.com More about Job losses , United states economy , Capital creation More news from job losses united states econom ... capital creation
Give Me My Remote TV News Prop 8 : The Musical – The Big Stars COME OUT … to Sing !!
Prop 8 : The Musical – The Big Stars COME OUT … to Sing !!
Stop what you are doing RIGHT now , turn up the volume on our computer and enjoy Prop 8 : The Musical – a new video from FunnyorDie.com .
Oh and you might notice a few familiar faces , like Neil Patrick Harris , Jack Black , Rashida Jones , Allison Janney , just to name a few .
See more Jack Black videos at Funny or Die
And well since we are naming names , here are the other stars involved :
California Gays and The People That Love Them
Jordan Ballard , Margaret Cho , Barrett Foa , J.B. Ghuman , John Hill , Andy Richter , Maya Rudolph , Rashad Naylor , Nicole Parker .
The Frightened Villagers
John C Reilly as a Prop 8 leader , and Alison Janney as his wife .
Kathy Najimy as his second wife .
Jenifer Lewis as a riffing Prop 8 ’er .
Craig Robinson as a preacher .
Rashida Jones , Lake Bell , Sarah Chalke as Scary Catholic School Girls from Hell .
Katharine “ Kooks ” Leonard , Seth Morris , Denise “ Esi ! ” Piane , Lucian Piane , Richard Read , Seth Redford , Quinton Strack , and Tate Taylor as The Frightened Villagers .
Jack Black stars as Jesus Christ , and Neil Patrick Harris is billed as ‘ A Very Smart Fellow ’ .
Hairspray composer Marc Shaiman ( whose boycott lead to the resignation of Sacramento ’s California Musical Theatre creative director Scott Eckern following his donation to Prop 8 ) wrote and conceived this hysterical short piece ( presented with a wink and a nod by the ‘ Sacramento Community College Players ’ ) , which was directed and staged by Hairspray director and choreographer Adam Shankman and features plenty of folks you will recognize .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Bush rejected several Israeli requests last year for weapons and permission for a potential airstrike inside Iran , the author of an investigative report told CNN .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad insists Iran 's nuclear program is only intended for peaceful purposes .
Israel approached the White House in early 2008 with three requests for an attack on Iran 's main nuclear complex , said New York Times reporter David Sanger .
His article appears in the newspaper on Sunday .
According to Sanger , Israel wanted specialized bunker - busting bombs , equipment to help refuel planes making flights into Iran and permission to fly over Iraq to reach the major nuclear complex at Natanz , the site of Iran 's only known uranium enrichment plant .
The White House " deflected " the first two requests and denied the last , Sanger said .
" They feared that if it appeared that the United States had helped Israel strike Iran , using Iraqi airspace , that the result in Iraq could be the expulsion of the American troops ( from Iraq ) , " he said .
Watch reporter discuss why Israel sought U.S. assistance »
Bush , instead , persuaded Israeli officials to not proceed with the attack by sharing with them some details of covert U.S. operations aimed at sabotaging Iran 's nuclear ambitions , Sanger said .
The ongoing operations are designed to undermine Iran 's ability to produce weapons - grade fuel and designs it needs to produce a workable nuclear weapon , the newspaper said .
Do n't Miss Iranian nuclear workers arrested for spying
" We know that the U.S. has been trying to conduct covert industrial espionage , if you will , against Iran 's nuclear program for many years , " said CNN 's Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr .
" [ They have been ] going to the suppliers , going other places ; trying to make sure that things get messed up , if you will ; that parts may not be what they should be ; that certain processes may not work right .
Anything that they can do to jam the work to delay the program . "
Sanger said he based his report on conversations with intelligence officials , none of whom would speak on the record because of the topic 's sensitivity .
" I suspect the Bush administration probably is n't going to comment very much on the details of this story , given the nature of this kind of intelligence operation and the sensitivity of the relationship with Israel , " he said .
Sanger said President - elect Barack Obama , who said during the campaign he wants to engage in dialogue with Iran , now inherits the operation .
" He has got to figure out how to square the circle of having direct talks with the country while these are going on , or he could elect , I imagine , to modify this program or suspend it , " Sanger said .
In his first post-election news conference , Obama said a nuclear - armed Iran would be " unacceptable . "
He also said he would help mount an international effort to prevent it from happening .
Iran maintains its nuclear program is for energy purposes only .
It has been engaged in an escalating war of words with Israel , whom it accuses of trying to destabilize the republic .
Israel has said it will not rule out military action to halt Iran 's nuclear aspirations .
All About Iran • Israel • Nuclear Weapons
Without warning , Apple has released a public beta of Safari 4 for both Mac OS X and Windows .
The update brings a variety of new features , broader support for emerging Web standards , and a much more native UI for Windows users , so we took it for a spin .
Top Sites
Headlining Apple 's feature list is Top Sites , a display of thumbnails of your most frequently visited sites — perhaps more well known as the " Most Recent " home screen in Google 's Chrome browser and Opera 's Speed Dial ( Microsoft also has a version in betas of IE8 ) .
Apple has attempted to innovate here though , by applying a pointless 3D effect to the view .
Top Sites defaults to showing 12 sites , but you can switch between larger screen shots ( six only ) and smaller thumbnails ( 20 ) .
In addition , you can permanently remove any site from being displayed or make a site sticky regardless of its status on your frequently visited list .
Clicking any site will zoom and fade the viewport ( the area where the page is rendered ) into the browser 's last - saved thumbnail , replacing it when the site has finished loading .
The whole experience is flashy and graphically impressive , but frivolous and unnecessary .
Finally , we could n't help but notice that Top Sites is designed around the mouse .
Where other browsers allow for picking a site with a keyboard shortcut ( typically a number ) , for example , you are required to use a mouse to select a Top Site .
Cover Flow , Apple 's flashy UI that now permeates everything from music browsing to file management , has also made its way to Safari .
The Bookmarks and History management area is now centered around a Cover Flow panel .
Thumbnail previews are generated for both the pages in your browsing history and bookmarks , and while Cover Flow is indeed handy for picking out a diamond in the rough , the thumbnail process seems to be a little buggy .
In addition to taking a bit longer than we expected to create previews for the pages in our history , some basic pages — such as Apple 's own Safari welcome page , never got the treatment .
Good thing there 's a " beta " tag .
For those who still are not into Cover Flow , it can be hidden .
While there is no menu option to accomplish this , you can simply drag the handle at the bottom of the Cover Flow view all the way up .
Only the History and Bookmarks search box remains in a black bar at the top of the window .
Apple has also redesigned Safari's UI on Mac OS X and especially on Windows , and the company clearly took a tab page ( or three ) from Google Chrome 's book .
" Tabs on Top " means exactly what it says : instead of your tabs pointing down towards the document , they point up , and live in the actual title bar area of the application .
Google Chrome on Windows
The close buttons have been axed and drag handles have been added to the right of each tab .
These handles tip users to the fact that tabs can indeed be dragged left or right , or even away from the tab bar to create new windows ( a feature introduced in Safari 3 ) .
Note , though , that Apple now hides the handle - drag and tab - closing controls until mouseover .
In addition to Safari 's somewhat clunky ctrl / cmd - shift - brackets shortcuts for switching tabs , Firefox 's ctrl - tab shortcut now works as well .
Developer Sebastiaan de With has noted that , in the rush to move tabs above the window , Apple somehow forgot to include Safari 's trademark in - address - bar progress bar .
Oops .
This new tab UI also lends itself to some windowing confusion .
While tabs are certainly more defined in a single window , stacking two windows ( like we have above ) can make it look like a tab in a background window has attached itself in a brain - slug - like fashion .
Unfortunately , the Safari team appears to have found a new love for click - through behavior , as clicking a tab in a background Safari window will bring both that window and tab to the front .
This can cause confusion in our example above , but figuring out a safe place to click amid the tiled windows in our example on the right can be even more difficult .
How do you like those transparent tabs , Vista users ?
In addition to the tab changes , Apple has scrapped its " unified " or metallic window design on Windows in favor of a far more native UI for XP and Vista users .
Apple is now also using standard , native font rendering tools ( which should make our EIC Ken Fisher happy ) , window borders , and toolbars , so Safari should feel more like a native Vista application .
Web standards
Under Safari's hood , Apple claims that a new Nitro engine runs JavaScript up to 30 times faster than IE7 , and three times faster than Firefox 3 .
These comparisons should get more interesting in the near future , though , as Mozilla is n't exactly lying down on the JavaScript job with an upcoming Firefox 3.1 release .
Update : Several
Ars readers have e-mailed and tweeted that Apple did indeed compare Safari 4 beta to Firefox 3.1 beta .
For these tests , however , Apple heavily promotes VeriTest 's iBench 5.0 , a discontinued benchmark suite that is highly criticized by John Resig , creator of jQuery and a Mozilla employee , for being outdated and " nearly the worst test suite ever created . "
Apple also includes SunSpider 's JavaScript test , but those results are a far cry from even Apple 's " nearly three times as fast " claims over Firefox 3.1 beta 2 .
Apple 's increasingly popular WebKit rendering engine now supports HTML 5 with offline storage , providing the groundwork for a new generation of Web apps like Gmail to work without an Internet connection .
Expanded CSS 3 support is also present , supporting reflections , gradients , and precision masks on websites .
Apple also brags that Safari 4 beta is the first browser to pass the Web Standards Project 's Acid3 rendering test .
Apple added a number of other lesser features and enhancements to Safari 4 beta , such as a Smart Address Field that suggests and labels URLs from history , bookmarks , and Top Sites .
Safari's Google search field now provides suggestions from Google Suggest , though this search box is hard - coded to Google and cannot be customized .
Various plug-ins are available for bringing more choices to Safari 's search , but we would still like to see Apple — which brags so often about openness and Web standards in its browser — provide search options natively .
Oh , it 's a beta
It should go without saying these days , but if you have any Safari plug-ins ( nay , InputManagers ) installed ( 1 Password and the like ) , you may need to remove them to run the new version .
Safari beta 4 would not stop crashing on startup until we removed 1 Password and even Google Gears .
Apple appears to have created a new UI problem for each new feature it introduced , and at least one staff member has already uninstalled Safari 4 beta because of the aforementioned broken plug - in and bookmarklet problems ( however , most bookmarklets , including popups , worked fine in our other testing ) .
Performance is noticeably faster on large , rich media sites like CNN.com , and even resource management seems to have improved .
Safari drops to consuming almost none of our CPU resources when idling on a couple of static pages ( finally ) , and its RAM cache actually diminishes a little when closing tabs .
The new tabs UI is an interesting change , but it could definitely use some refinement on both Mac OS X and Vista .
While the Top Sites and Cover Flow features initially seemed a bit over the top , they could theoretically be useful for quickly picking out sites .
Safari certainly still lacks some key features , most notably an official support for plug-ins support ( ahem ) , but Apple makes up for some of it with a solid and increasingly popular rendering engine and good Mac OS X integration .
EC21 is a leading global B2B marketplace connecting buyers with suppliers all over the world including China , Korea , United States and more .
Suppliers / manufacturers / exporters can post and promote their products and selling leads .
Buyers / importers can search and contact suppliers easily by B2B categories and keywords .
Buyers can also post their own buying leads to get quotes or offers from manufacturers .
Nowadays , online B2B marketplace is becoming more and more important trade tool for business to business transaction and marketing because it speeds up marketing process and saves overall transaction cost .
Join the great B2B portal , EC21 and boost your business , we will always be with you !
DETROIT ( AP )  Negotiators for the United Auto Workers walked out of concession talks with General Motors Corp .
Friday night in a dispute over payments to a union - administered retiree health care fund , a person briefed on the talks said Saturday .
The breakdown comes at a critical time as GM races against a Tuesday deadline to submit a plan to the government showing how it can become viable .
The Detroit - based auto giant is living on $ 9.4 billion in government loans , and the Treasury Department must approve its viability plan for GM to get $ 4 billion more .
Chrysler LLC , which has received $ 4 billion in government loans and wants an additional $ 3 billion , faces the same deadline .
At GM , UAW negotiators walked away because the company made demands that were " detrimental to retirees and the ability to provide health care , " according to the person , who asked not to be identified because the talks are private .
GM spokesman Tony Sapienza would say only that GM is working on its viability plan .
" We 're committing to meeting the goal of providing a plan as required by terms of the restructuring plan , " he said Saturday .
A spokesman for the UAW did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Under terms of the loans to GM and Chrysler laid down by the Bush Administration , both companies must gain concessions from unions and debtholders .
Among targets for concessions is GM 's cash contribution to a trust fund that will take over the obligation for retiree health care starting next year .
GM says it owes $ 20.4 billion to the fund , and the loan terms set a target of giving the union half of the value in cash and half in GM stock .
The trust fund would take over health care payments for GM 's roughly 500,000 blue - collar retirees and spouses starting Jan. 1 , 2010 .
The trust , called a voluntary employees beneficiary association , would let GM move about $ 46.7 billion in retiree health care costs off its books , making it more cost - competitive with Asian automakers .
It is the key feature of a new four - year contract signed in 2007 with the UAW .
The union has said that if fully funded , the trust would provide health care to retirees for 80 years .
GM also must reduce its public unsecured debt by two - thirds and has been negotiating with bondholders to swap the debt for equity .
The company said in a Jan. 15 presentation to analysts that it has $ 41.6 billion in debt .
GM , Chrysler and their unions must also agree to reduce the companies ' labor costs so they are competitive with Japanese automakers that have plants in the U.S. GM has said its total per-employee labor costs , including wages , pensions , benefits and retiree costs , are now $ 69 per hour .
Toyota Motor Corp. , GM 's biggest competitor , says its hourly costs are $ 53 .
GM 's costs will drop to $ 62 once the retiree health care trust takes effect , the company has said .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
by Patrick Appel
Greenwald joins the debate :
If it were really the goal of Terrorists to attack American prisons where their members are incarcerated and if they were actually capable of doing that , they already have a long list of " targets " and have had such a list for two decades .
If U.S. civilian courts were inadequate forums for obtaining convictions of Terrorism suspects , then the above - listed individuals would not be imprisoned -- most of them for life -- while the Guantanamo military commission system still has nothing to show for it other than a series of humiliating setbacks for the Government .
As is true for virtually every fear - mongering claim made over the last eight years to frighten Americans into believing that they must vest the Government with vast and un-American powers lest they be slaughtered by the Terrorists , none of these claims is remotely rational and all of them are empirically disproven .
Thus far , the Obama presidency has moved along lines similar to what one might expect .
The significance some would assign to his mulatto ancestry notwithstanding , Mr. Obama is very much an Establishment Man .
The actions of the Obama administration in its earliest days indicate that the policies of this administration will largely be a continuation of those of the Bush administration .
On economic policy , Obama has surrounded himself with neoliberals and called for deficit spending on additional bank and corporate welfare in the form of the “ stimulus package . ”
The so - called “ stimulus ” is really just Phase Two of the extravagant “ bailout ” program enacted under President Bush .
This should not be surprising , given that Obama ’s primary financial backers during his campaign were Goldman - Sachs and other principal beneficiaries of the bailout , which Obama supported as a Senator .
Of course , the “ stimulus ” program includes some additional social spending for the sake of appeasing various Democratic Party constituencies .
This is the reason , along with sheer partisanship , that the Republicans are opposing the stimulus , which they are correct to do , even if they are doing so for all the wrong reasons .
On foreign policy , it appears that the Obama administration , whose foreign policy team is comprised mostly of recycled Clintonites , will continue to pursue the same set of foreign policy goals as the Bush administration .
Obama has called for increased military spending , expanding the war in Afghanistan , perhaps to Pakistan , and it appears renditions will also continue .
Obama does seem to be scaling back operations at Guantanamo , yet only as a public relations maneuver so far as world opinion is concerned .
It ’s not like the prisoners at Guantanamo are going to be released .
Indeed , it would appear that the only real difference between Bush and Obama on foreign policy is that the Obama government will be less bellicose in its formal rhetoric .
As a protege ’ of Zbigniew Brzezinski , Obama represents the liberal internationalist wing of the foreign policy elite , who are just as committed to the preservation of the Empire as the neoconservatives , but who are more cautious about openly giving the finger to allies , client states , and world opinion .
Liberal internationalists realize that this is not conducive to the efficient administration of the Empire or its maintenance over the long haul , particularly given the current dependence of the U.S. economy on Russian , Chinese , Japanese and Arab lenders .
Obama also kowtows to the Israel Lobby , as illustrated by his appearance before AIPAC prior to his election to the presidency and his appointment of Rahm Emmanuel .
James Petras has observed that the Obama administration contains as many arch - Zionists as any previous administration .
There is also some indication that Israel will go to war with Iran under Obama ’s watch , which could likely lead to actual U.S. participation in such a war .
In fact , the overall amount of U.S. military intervention may escalate under Obama , as it did under Bill Clinton .
On “ culture war ” issues , Obama predictably leans somewhat to the left of the Bush government .
So far , he has lifted the abortion - related “ gag rule ” and eased restrictions on stem cell research , and Obama has also signed an “ equal pay for equal work ” law as a reward for his middle - class feminist constituency .
Yet Obama is far from being an ACLU civil libertarian .
For instance , he voted as a Senator to authorize warrantless wiretaps and provide legal immunity to telecommunications companies engaged in such actions .
I ’ve written before that the election of Obama signifies a demographic , cultural and generational shift among the American electorate .
The left side of the “ culture war ” now has the upper hand , if it did not already .
The Democrats will likely be the dominant political party for the forseeable future due to the fact that those groups who vote Democratic are growing in number and those who vote Republican are shrinking .
The Obama coalition includes the left - wing of the “ old elite ” ( demonstrated by the Kennedys support for Obama ) , the New Class center - left welfare state professionals , the “ bourgeois bohemians ” that David Brooks has written about , upwardly mobile members of the traditional outgroups now in ascension ( blacks , immigrants , Jews , feminists , gays ) , newer ideological movements like environmentalism , younger people and a wide variety of public sector dependents .
This coalition will probably prove to be stable enough to sustain itself over the next few decades even if matters like economic downturn occasionally produce a victory for the Republicans .
Because the liberal side of the culture wars is gaining does not mean that the culture wars are over .
While there is not enough of a constituency for the kind of cultural conservatism represented by the religious right or the right - wing Republicans for these to achieve a majority in a national election , proponents of such an outlook are a large and vocal enough group to continue to be a force for political and cultural polarization for some time , even if their prospects for long - term victory are dim .
Indeed , the evidence indicates that the U.S. Congress of 2008 was the most polarized of any Congress in 120 years !
The degree to which Americans are polarized has increased even in the last five years .
Further , as Bill Bishop has shown , Americans are becoming more and more geographically segregated along cultural , ideological , religious , economic , ethnic , racial and generational lines .
As an old - fashioned anarchist who wishes to see an end to the U.S. empire internationally and the end of the Big Brother state domestically , I see this polarization as a welcome phenomenon .
It is difficult for a state to survive when there is no consensus on primary values .
If the cultural Left is going to be in the ascendency , then let ’s hope that the likes of Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , et.al .
turn up the volume even louder and keep the polarization coming .
Those guys really are n’t my cup of tea , but I ’m all for increased divisiveness .
Divisiveness will likely escalate for a variety of reasons .
One of these will be the widening gap between socio-economic classes , which Obama shows no signs of doing anything about .
Another will be the social conflict associated with increased statism as politics becomes a spoils system for different groups looking to plunder one another .
Increased diversity will likely result in increased disharmony in many ways , and the massive American police state will likely be used to squelch economic unrest and sharpening demographic conflict .
If secession by regions and communities is the most viable method of dissolving the Empire , as I believe it is , then it would seem that we revolutionaries should devote ourselves to the following tasks :
1 ) Continue to popularize the idea of secession .
A Zogby poll taken last year showed that twenty - two percent of Americans support the right of secession , with eighteen percent saying they would support a secession movement in their area .
Additionally , forty - four percent say the U.S. political system is broken and cannot be fixed .
We need to get these numbers up .
2 ) Continue to develop actual secession movements and build constituencies for these movements .
For instance , the dominance of the cultural Left is likely to increase support for separatist ideas on the Right .
There is a prototype for this in the rise of the militia movement during the Clinton era .
Likewise , Obama is likely to prove to be a disappointment to many on the Left , both blacks and whites , and this combined with increased economic misfortune may generated secession movements from the Left .
The nationwide , continent - wide proliferation of secessionist tendencies from the Right and Left against the ruling class Center would be a highly welcome event .
3 ) Encourage greater polarization .
In some ways , we should think of Limbaugh , Hannity , Newt Gingrich , Ann Coulter , Michael Moore , Al Franken , Barney Frank and Arianna Huffington as the public relations arm for a future pan-secessionist movement as it is figures such as these who serve to create the polarization likely to result in eventual political splintering .
4 ) Build cross-cultural , cross-ideological alliances against the ruling class common enemy whenever feasible .
If Afro-centrics , Black Muslims , militiamen and Ku Klux Klansmen can engage in common action , then what the hell is wrong with the rest of us ?
Vale of York or Harrogate Hoard
In 2007 a father and son metal detecting team found a major Viking hoard near Harrogate , North Yorkshire .
The trove of coins and jewelry , which dates back to the 10th century , was the largest find of such type in Britain since the Cuerdale hoard was discovered in Lancashire in 1840 .
David Whelan , 60 , and his son Andrew , 35 , had been metal detecting for about five years on Saturdays as a hobby .
Saturday 6th January 2007 they came to a roughly ploughed and fairly muddy field .
After half an hour David received an average signal , which improved after a shovel of soil was removed .
About 17 inches underneath the soil they found a bowl ( on the photo ) with silver coins and scraps poking out .
However , metal detectorists did not disturb the cache , which helped preserve important clues as to how and when the treasure had been hidden .
David and Andrew agreed they had to inform the land owner and report the find to the local Finds Liaison Officer .
A few days later they completed treasure forms and the hoard was transported to the British Museum .
X -rays of the bowl ’s content showed a mixture of coins and hack silver , but nothing could be guaranteed until it was emptied .
During the following month the items were gradually removed from the hard - packed earth that filled the bowl .
The results were astonishing : the hoard contained 617 silver coins , including several new or rare types , from as far as Samarkand in central Asia , Afghanistan , Russia , Scandinavia and North Africa .
Barry Ager , Viking curator of the British Museum , commented : “ One coin is inscribed Rex Totius Brittaniae , which means king of the whole of Britain .
It is the first time a king had been claiming to be king of the whole of Britain . ”
The treasure also contained 65 other objects .
Among them a rare gold arm -ring possibly made in Ireland should be noted , as well as various dress ornaments , silver rings and brooches .
The silver vessel itself , lined with gold and engraved with lions and deer , once belonged to a church in northern France and held the communion bread .
It was possibly looted by Vikings or given to them as a tribute .
It is suggested that the Harrogate hoard was buried for safety by a wealthy Viking leader during the unrest following the conquest of the kingdom of Northumbria ( dominated by Vikings since AD 869 ) by the Anglo - Saxon king Æthelstan in AD 927 .
After Æthelstan ’s death in 939 AD the area had another period of Viking rule , until Eric Bloodaxe , king of Jorvik , died in AD 954 .
In July 2007 the Harrogate find was declared as a treasure at a court hearing .
It has to be valued by the Independent Treasure Valuation Committee .
The British Museum is looking to raise the funds to purchase the collection .
In case it happens , the proceeds would be split between the finders and landowners .
According to estimates , the hoard may be worth up to £ 1 million .
When asked how they would spend the money , Andrew Whelan said : “ Being fairly cautious Yorkshire people , we wo n’t go and buy a sports car or anything like that . ”
In another interview Whelan also commented : “ If we had n’t found it , we would ’ve still been going .
We just keep going , we enjoy it . ”
In Great Britain , the following finds are treasure under the Treasure Act , and must be reported .
Objects other than coins : any object other than a coin provided that it contains at least ten per cent of gold or silver and is at least 300 years old when found .
All coins from the same find provided they are at least 300 years old when found .
Single coins found on their own are not treasure .
Any object , whatever it is made of , that is found in the same place as , or that had previously been together with , another object that is treasure .
The British Museum runs the Portable Antiquities Scheme , a national network of 36 Finds Liaison Officers who record the finds and help to report them as required by the Treasure Act .
Their online database contains details of over 175,000 reported objects .
Photo : Harrogate hoard silver pot .
Courtesy Alh1 .
Used under the Creative Commons Attribution - NoDerivs 2.0 Generic Licence .
MUMBAI ( Reuters ) - Dow Chemical Co DOW.N will take legal action against Petrochemical Industries Co of Kuwait and is seeking more than $ 2.5 billion in damages from the Kuwaitis for backing out of a joint venture agreement , the largest U.S. chemical maker said on Tuesday .
Cars drive past a plant of U.S. chemical producer
Dow near the eastern German village of Lippendorf south of Leipzig March 25 , 2004 .
REUTERS / Arnd Wiegmann
Dow is considering new partners for the proposed joint venture and has already been approached by two companies interested in its basic plastics business , Chief Executive Andrew Liveris told Reuters in a telephone interview .
Last month , Kuwait decided to scrap a deal to form a $ 17.4 billion petrochemical joint venture with Dow , potentially upsetting Dow 's plans to buy rival Rohm & Haas Co ROH.N .
Dow had planned to use proceeds from the joint venture to repay a large part of the debt financing for the $ 15.3 billion Rohm & Haas acquisition .
Under the joint venture agreement , Petrochemical Industries was to pay Dow $ 7.5 billion .
Liveris declined to comment on whether Dow would consider renegotiating the Rohm and Haas deal or would consider pulling out of it .
“ Rohm and Haas is on strategy and is in the regulatory approval process , ” said Liveris .
Shares of Dow were up 81 cents or 5.4 percent to $ 15.86 in afternoon trade on the New York Stock Exchange following the company ’s statement that it plans to pursue legal action against the state - run Kuwaiti firm .
DIVIDEND SECURE
Liveris said
Dow has no plans to lower its dividend , now 42 cents per share quarterly , despite the tough global economic conditions and the breakdown of the joint venture agreement .
Dow and other chemical companies are struggling because of recession in most developed countries and a sharp slowdown in emerging economies .
The company said last month it would close 20 facilities , divest several businesses and cut 5,000 jobs to cope with the slump .
The actions will allow Dow to continue to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend , the company said .
“ We took aggressive action in 2008 and we will accelerate these actions even faster and more aggressively in 2009 , ” said Liveris .
“ The measures will also allow us to preserve our strong investment grade rating -- a commitment we take very seriously .
“ These actions include an acceleration of expense and capital reduction programs as well as cash preservation measures that ensure we retain our options and financial flexibility during these volatile and uncertain times . ”
LEGAL ACTION
Dow ’s joint venture agreement with the Kuwaitis provided for a break - up fee of up to $ 2.5 billion .
Liveris said the company would seek damages over and above that amount .
However , Dow also said it was ready to go ahead with the Kuwaiti deal if Petrochemical Industries remedied the breach of contract .
A spokesman for state - run Kuwait Petroleum Corp , which controls Petrochemical Industries declined to comment .
Standard & Poor ’s and Moody ’s Investors Service both cut their ratings on Dow last week and left their ratings on review for further downgrade .
Kuwaiti legislators terminated the joint venture agreement due to concerns that the project would not be economically viable in light of the global financial crisis and the slump in worldwide petrochemical sales .
The new venture had been due to market petrochemicals and plastics such as polyethylene , polypropylene and polycarbonate , used in products ranging from plastic bottles and compact disks to computers and agricultural compounds .
The United Nations agency that distributes food to a majority of Gaza ’s refugees said Friday that it was suspending imports of goods because Hamas , the militant group that controls Gaza , had twice stolen aid from it .
The agency said that it would not import any more until the stolen goods were returned and assurances were given that the theft would not recur .
A Hamas spokesman attributed the most recent incident , on Thursday night , to a misunderstanding among truck drivers , and said that those who stole an earlier load from a United Nations distribution site were not part of Hamas .
He said that Hamas and United Nations officials were meeting and that he expected the problem to be cleared up quickly .
Group finds more than a dozen lies in Coulter 's latest book John Byrne
Published : Monday January 5 , 2009
Print This Email This
The progressive media watchdog Media Matters for America delivered a scathing 6,000 - word rebuke to conservative superstar Ann Coulter , accusing her of lying on more than a dozen occasions in her new book , Guilty : Liberal " Victims " and Their Assault on America .
Coulter has of late appeared to be something of a mockery of herself .
Her support among conservatives has waned , though her prolific publishing prowess continues .
Among the slew of apparent lies in Coulter 's book -- which Media Matters labels as " falsehoods , " includes claims Coulter makes about Sen .
John Kerry by the so - called " Swift Boat Veterans for Truth ; and assertion that Fox News has " never been caught promoting a fraud ; " and that President - elect Barack Obama was referring to Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin when he said , " you know , you can put lipstick on a pig ; it 's still a pig . "
Perhaps among the more preposterous is Coulter 's claim that Fox News has never been caught promoting a fraud .
The group cites two glaring examples of Fox News missteps .
Fox & Friends '
Steve Doocy once claimed that President - elect Obama was raised by a Muslim father as a Muslim and was educated in madrassa , " an assertion that was patently false .
Doocy retracted the claim Jan. 19 , 2007 .
In 2004 , Fox issued a retraction and apologized for a story in which political reporter Carl Cameron attributed quotes to Sen.
John Kerry ( D - MA ) in an effort to deride him over an alleged manicure .
In fact , a top
Fox executive once emailed staff saying that stories that appeared on websites were n't de facto worthy of airing on Fox News .
Coulter is slated to promote Guilty on Jan. 6's Today Show .
Media Matters has catalogued at least thirteen major falsehoods Coulter makes in her book .
Among them include ( excerpts ) :
* Liberals ' purported " praise [ ] " for hoaxers for staging hate crimes .
Coulter claims that two black students who engaged in a hoax by hanging a black doll from a noose were " immediately praised " by " liberals , " but the sources she cites do not support this claim .
* On Page 15 , Coulter writes , " Fox News has never been caught promoting a fraud -- unlike CBS ( Bush National Guard story ) , ABC ( tobacco industry report ) , NBC ( exploding GM trucks ) , CNN ( Tailwind ) , and MSNBC ( Keith Olbermann ) . "
In fact , as Media Matters has documented , on several occasions since 2004 , Fox News has issued a retraction and apology for airing a news report that repeated false information , one of which led Fox News ' Vice President for News John Moody to reportedly warn staff in January 2007 that " seeing an item on a website does not mean it is right .
Nor does it mean it is ready for air on FNC . "
* Coulter advances several falsehoods about Kerry in defending the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth , an organization which spread numerous falsehoods and smears regarding Kerry 's military record in the six months leading up to the 2004 presidential election .
* Coulter falsely claims that " the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth were n't forced to retract any part of their story .
[ Page 100 ] "
In fact , the organization altered its website 's account of the December 2 , 1968 , mission for which the U.S. Navy awarded Kerry his first Purple Heart three days after Media Matters noted that the account was inconsistent with that of the group 's star witness -- retired Rear Admiral William L. Schachte Jr. , who claims he was the commander on that mission .
* Coulter also suggests that the media ignored the allegations of the Swift Boat Veterans , writing , " The only way they could have gotten less attention would have been to be interviewed on Air America Radio . "
By the time the Swift Boat story had played out , CNN , chasing after ratings leader Fox News , found time to mention the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth -- hereafter , Swifties -- in nearly 300 separate news segments , while more than 100 New York Times articles and columns made mention of the Swifties .
And during one overheated 12 - day span in late August , the Washington Post mentioned the Swifties in page 1 stories on Aug. 19 , 20 , 21 ( two separate articles ) , 22 , 24 , 25 , 26 , 27 , 28 , 29 , 30 , and 31 .
* Coulter also falsely suggests that no witnesses supported Kerry 's account that his convoy came under enemy fire during the March 13 , 1969 , actions for which he was awarded the Bronze Star .
* Coulter writes that Kerry " carrie [d ] a home - movie camera to war in order to reenact combat scenes and tape fake interviews with himself " during his tour in Vietnam [ Page 100 ] .
Coulter was repeating a discredited charge previously made by Internet gossip Matt Drudge and subsequently echoed by The New York Times and numerous cable and radio outlets during the 2004 presidential election .
* Coulter devotes four pages of Guilty [ 173 - 176 ] to discussing her false assertion that " Obama himself compared Palin to a pig and then denied doing so . "
In fact , Obama 's September 9 , 2008 , statement , " you know , you can put lipstick on a pig ; it 's still a pig , " did not refer to Palin , but rather to how a " list " of Sen .
John McCain 's policies were , according to Obama , no different from President Bush's .
Obama did not mention Palin in at least the 65 words preceding his " lipstick on a pig " comment , as Media Matters noted .
Moreover , the expression " lipstick on a pig " is common political rhetoric -- Obama had reportedly used the expression in the past , and McCain used it in 2007 in reference to Sen.
Hillary Clinton 's health - care proposal .
Shop Eyewear Order Rx Lenses Lens Information Helpful Links Customer Service Optical Information SimplyEyeglasses.com one of the fastest growing Online Retailers ...
Lens Pricing | Order Lenses Only | Transitions | Frame Choice | Progressive Lenses - Go Back - All News 01/16/2009 Immigrants ravage U.S. infrastructure ...
Full Story at www.SimplyEyeglasses.com.
The United States will need $ 1.6 trillion to repair damage to its infrastructure from a massive influx of immigrants , a new report reveals .
In his report titled , " The Twin Crises : Immigration and Infrastructure , " prominent researcher Edwin S. Rubenstein examines 15 categories of infrastructure : airports , border security , bridges , dams and levees , electricity ( the power grids ) , hazardous waste removal , hospitals , mass transit , parks and recreation facilities , ports and navigable waterways , public schools , railroads , roads and highways , solid waste and trash , and water and sewer systems .
Rubenstein , a financial analyst and former contributing editor of Forbes and economics editor of National Review , claims the nation is facing a crisis  with immigration responsible for at least 80 percent of spending needed to expand the U.S. infrastructure before the middle of this century .
" If the infrastructure crisis could be fixed by spending money , there would be no crisis , " Mr. Rubenstein explained in a statement .
" Since 1987 , capital spending on transportation infrastructure has increased by 2.1 percent per year above the inflation rate .
At $ 233 billion ( 2004 dollars ) , infrastructure is already one of the largest categories of government spending .
Our infrastructure is ' crumbling ' because population growth has overwhelmed the ability of even these vast sums to expand capacity . "
While immigration policy has been hotly debated for a number of years , Rubenstein writes that its impact on infrastructure is rarely discussed .
Public schools
Immigrants make up 21 percent of the school - age population in the U.S .
" In California , a whopping 47 percent of the school - age population consists of immigrants or the children of immigrants , " the report states .
" Some Los Angeles schools are so crowded that they have lengthened the time between classes to give students time to make their way through crowded halls .
Los Angeles ' school construction program is so massive that the Army Corps of Engineers was called in to manage it . "
According to the U.S. Department of Education , 18 percent of all schools are considered overcrowded , and 37 percent use trailers and portable structures to accommodate growing student bodies .
Public facilities are an average of 40 years old .
Cities with high populations of illegal aliens are spending large amounts of their budgets on constructing new schools .
" Our anticipated gains in the number of foreign - born students alone will require us to build one elementary school a month to keep up , " Miami - Dade , Fla. , school Superintendent Roger Cuevas said .
Hospitals
Rubenstein cites a recent construction boom among the nation 's hospitals .
As many as 60 percent of America 's hospitals are either under construction or have plans for new facilities .
" But we have a two - tier hospital system in the U.S. Hospitals in poor areas  that serve primarily uninsured immigrants and Medicaid patients  cannot afford their facilities , " he writes .
" The uncompensated costs are killing them .
In California , 60 emergency departments ( EDs ) have closed to avoid the uncompensated costs of their largely illegal alien caseloads . "
Illegal aliens use emergency rooms more than twice as often as U.S. citizens , and providing their uncompensated care has been the death of many emergency departments .
In 2006 , more than 46 percent of illegals did not have medical insurance .
Although illegal aliens are not supposed to be eligible for Medicaid , they receive Emergency Medicaid and their children are entitled to all benefits that legal immigrants receive .
Because hospitals are forced to care for Medicaid recipients , the government program never covers full costs of service .
It underpaid hospitals by $ 11.3 billion in 2006 , he wrote .
( Story continues below )
Water and electricity
Rubenstein referenced immigration trends revealing that aliens often choose to live in cities with strained water supplies  especially near the border  and their sheer numbers have made conservation efforts nearly impossible .
" Cities like San Antonio , El Paso , and Phoenix could run out of water in 10 to 20 years , " he writes .
San Diego 's water company has resorted to a once - unthinkable option : recycling toilet water for drinking . "
Due to immigration , demand for water exceeds the California State Water Project 's capacity .
Now Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has proposed building a $ 6 billion reservoir .
Approximately one - fifth of the state 's electricity is tied up in collection , storage and transportation of the water .
Electric utilities are expected to require an additional $ 142 billion to keep generator capacity at recommended levels before 2050 due to the increasing population .
National parks
Trash left behind by illegal aliens
America 's national parks are also bearing the brunt of immigration .
Illegals wear roads and paths through parks .
" Their fires , trash , and vandalism have despoiled thousands of acres of pristine parkland , " he writes .
According to Rubenstein , illegals leave beer , water and milk bottles , personal hygiene items and medications , clothing and shoes , food and food cans , jewelry , paper trash , sanitary pads , disposable diapers , backpacks , blankets , towels , plastic bags , homemade weapons , disintegrating toilet paper and human feces on U.S. property while they journey into the country .
They damage vegetation , leave abandoned vehicles and bicycles , spray paint trees and boulders and create campfires that turn into wildfires .
Border security costs
Costs for securing the nation 's borders are expected to increase 20.6 percent in fiscal year 2009 .
These include expenses for border patrol , electronic surveillance , the border fence and other security needs .
President Bush allocated $ 44.3 billion for the Department of Homeland Security  a 4.5 percent increase from last year 's budget of $ 42.4 billion .
" While the U.S. builds a fence across much of the border , many illegals are taking a different route .
Underground , " Rubenstein reveals .
" Authorities have discovered dozens of illegal tunnels across the international border in recent years .
Smuggling of drugs , weapons , and immigrants takes place daily through these underground passageways . "
Illegal aliens also use drainage systems to travel across the U.S. - Mexico border  from El Paso to San Diego .
" One tunnel , actually a system of two half - mile passages connecting Tijuana with San Diego , is by comparison a superhighway , " he wrote .
While the Border Patrol attempts to stop these underground incursions with steel doors , cameras and sensors , harsh weather conditions and human smugglers destroy the equipment and barriers .
These costs , and the expenses of providing " enhanced driver 's licenses " as alternative passports for citizens , RFID chips , government databases and watch lists are expected to soar .
Fiscal burden
In his research , Rubenstein finds that the average immigrant household generates a fiscal debt of $ 3,408 after federal benefits and taxes are considered .
At the state and local level , the fiscal debt amounts to $ 4.398 per immigrant household .
" There are currently about 36 million immigrants living in about 9 million households , so the aggregate deficit attributable to immigrants comes to $ 70.3 billion , " he writes .
" Immigrants could deplete the amount of funds available for infrastructure by as much as $ 70 billion per year . "
Rubenstein cites figures from the U.S. Census Bureau , projecting that the U.S. population will reach 433 million by 2050  increasing 44 percent , or 135 million , from today 's numbers .
A full 82 percent of this increase will be directly attributable to new immigrants and their U.S. - born children .
" The brutal reality is that no conceivable infrastructure program can keep pace with that kind of population growth , " he wrote .
" The traditional ' supply - side ' response to America 's infrastructure shortage  build , build , build  is dead , dead , dead .
Demand reduction is the only viable way to close the gap between the supply and demand of public infrastructure . "
He concludes , " Immigration reduction must play a role . "
Edwin Rubenstein's complete report , " The Twin Crises : Immigration and Infrastructure , " released Jan. 13 , is available here .
Source : By Chelsea Schilling Share Polarized Lenses Larger View More Info >
Eddie Murphy as The Riddler ?
According to British tabloid The Sun , Eddie Murphy will play Gotham villian The Riddler in the next Batman movie .
Murphy has been signed up by British director Christopher Nolan to reprise the role played by Jim Carrey in 1995 ’s Batman Forever .
The studio has also reportedly signed up Transformers star Shia LaBeouf , 22 , to play Robin .
Rachel Weisz is rumored to be taking up the Catwoman role .
I do n’t believe these Dark Knight sequel rumors .
Christopher Nolan would cast Eddie Murphy and Shia LaBeouf ?
I do n’t think so .
Besides , this England - based newspaper has pretty much the worst track record ever when it comes to breaking movie news .
Later that evening , Rosalie lingered with Hector on the veranda .
He was silent as usual , his lush brown eyes locked upon some distant horizon that only his heart could know .
She had learned not to disturb these moods , but tonight she yearned more than ever to reach him .
" Please tell me what you 're feeling , " she whispered .
As always , there was no reply , only the unblinking , haunted stare that masked untold heartbreak and madness .
Her aching for him was greater now than she had ever known , and slowly , hesitantly , she lowered her face to him .
It was only a flutter at first , a brief sensation as her lips brushed against his , but it felt like forbidden fire coursing through her entire body .
Drunk with passion , she pressed her mouth ever more urgently to his , desperately seeking some sign , some ray of hope that he hungered for her as well .
But there was no hint of validation from his warm yet unyielding eyes , and Rosalie felt her passion turn to anger .
" Well , I hope you 're proud ofth yourthelfth ! " she blurted .
" All thith thime I waitedth for you , praying thath you could thare my feelingth !
And now , ifth you 'll let go of my thounge , I 'm leaving you fthorever ! "
Pass the Kleenex , Molly C .
As we noted last week , a court ruling has cleared the way for Dutch lawmaker Geert Wilders to be prosecuted for hate speech .
Wilders , producer of the 15 - minute film Fitna , has compared the Quran to Mein Kampf and made other statements considered by some to be insulting Islam .
In a new article , Hudson Institute Senior Fellow Nina Shea details just how arbitrary blasphemy definitions can be and how wildly varied are the punishments .
Shea , who has spent a decade as a commissioner on the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , starts by noting the lack of any commensurate sensitivity concerning hate speech against other faiths .
" In recent weeks , even while demands grew to punish Wilders under hate speech laws , Muslim demonstrators in European capitals freely chanted , ‘ Hamas , Hamas , Jews to the gas . '
Insulting and even inciting violence against the religious ‘ other ' is sponsored by the state itself in some Muslim countries : Iran 's government held a cartoon exhibit mocking the Holocaust ; Saudi Ministry of Education textbooks describe Jews and Christians as ‘ apes ' and ‘ pigs ' and call for Muslims to rise up and kill Jews ; the state media of Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , Iran , all promote the fabricated anti-Semitic Protocols of the Elders of Zion as historical fact . "
She cites nine cases during the past decade in which books were banned and people were fined or imprisoned for various offenses toward Islam :
" It is not hard to see why ‘ insulting Islam , ' and the family of crimes relating to apostasy and blasphemy to which it belongs , is singled out as a principal reason for the Muslim world 's underdevelopment .
The vagueness of how this offence is defined undermines due process and chills speech in broad areas . "
The Dutch , she concludes , walk down a similar path at their own risk .
Whenever a new , relatively unpopular technology hits the streets , you can always count on teenagers to try and exploit it for their own gain .
Such is the case with speed cameras , as high school students in Maryland have begun playing the " Speed Camera Pimping Game , " wherein they attempt to punk the not - so - accurate cameras by creating faux license plates that can be traced back to peers and teachers they have it out for .
The trend has parents and law officials worried , and it raises even more questions about the cameras ' usefulness .
Students at Richard Montgomery High School in Maryland have discovered that they can duplicate the license plates of their archenemies by printing a Maryland plate template on a sheet of glossy photo paper and digging up a handy license plate character font , according to a parent speaking to The Sentinel ( via /. ) .
This may sound like a janky craft project at first , but these cameras are not sensitive enough to pick up the differences between these paper license plates and the real things .
The students then tape the faux plate over their own and purposefully speed in order to be caught by the speed camera , causing the real owner of the license plate to receive a $ 40 citation in the mail .
" This game is very disturbing , " the parent told the newspaper .
" Especially since unsuspecting parents will also be victimized through receipt of unwarranted photo speed tickets .
I hope the public at large will complain loudly enough that local Montgomery County government officials will change their policy of using these cameras for monetary gain .
The practice of sending speeding tickets to faceless recipients without any type of verification is unwarranted and an exploitation of our rights . "
Red - light and speed cameras continue to be part of a controversial trend rolling across the US as more municipalities attempt to " increase safety " by photographing alleged law - breakers in order to ticket them later .
Some cities have been caught shortening their yellow light times in order to catch more people running red lights ( and therefore generate more revenue ) , not to mention that speed cameras have been known to be wildly inaccurate at times .
That has n't stopped numerous municipalities from setting them up at every major intersection and side road , usually despite continued protests from citizens .
Unsurprisingly , the Montgomery County police said that they had never heard of the Speed Camera Pimping Game , but that they would begin keeping an eye out for it .
Montgomery County Council President Phil Andrews , however , appears to see the further - reaching implications of the game .
" It will cause potential problems for the Speed Camera Program in terms of the confidence in it , " he said .
¦ US Administration blames Hamas for breaking ceasefire .
¦ Israel vows to continue military action against Hamas .
The US used veto rights to block a UN Security Council resolution demanding an end to the Israeli attacks .
The council instead issued a statement calling for a halt to violence .
While Israel said it targeted Hamas militants , Professor Falk said its air strikes hit the most densely populated area of the Middle East .
He said Israel 's blockade of Gaza led to food shortages and prevented medical aid from reaching the injured .
" Certainly the rocket attacks against civilian targets in Israel are unlawful , " Professor Falk said .
" But that illegality does not give rise to any Israeli right … to violate international humanitarian law and commit war crimes or crimes against humanity in its response .
The entire 1.5 million people who live in the crowded Gaza Strip are being punished for the actions of a few militants . "
As the raids continued and the death toll passed 300 , Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni appeared on US television saying the attacks were needed " to change the reality on the ground " .
That reality , she said , was one in which Hamas continued rocket attacks on the people of southern Israel without retaliation .
Ms Livni would not comment on whether a ground invasion was imminent or under consideration , but she would not rule it out .
She said Israel was trying to minimise civilian casualties .
The clear message to Hamas was that it would be held responsible for aggression against Israel and it was responsible for civilian casualties .
Her view was endorsed by US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , who issued a statement condemning repeated rocket and mortar attacks against Israel .
" The US … holds Hamas responsible for breaking the ceasefire and for the renewal of violence in Gaza , " Dr Rice said .
" The ceasefire should be restored immediately . "
Over the weekend , Dr Rice briefed President - elect Barack Obama , who is holidaying in Hawaii , on the crisis .
Mr Obama 's senior adviser , David Axelrod , appeared cautious when interviewed about the incoming administration 's approach to the Middle East , although he described Israel as the most important ally of the US in the region .
He said that as president , Mr Obama would recognise the important bond and special relationship that the two nations shared .
" I think he recognises that special relationship .
He is going to work closely with Israel , which is a great ally of ours , the most important ally in the region , and that is a fundamental principal from which he 'll work , " Mr Axelrod said .
" He wants to be a constructive force in helping to bring about the peace and security that both the Israelis and the Palestinians want and deserve .
Obviously , this situation has become even more complicated in the past couple of days and weeks .
As Hamas began its shelling , Israel responded . "
Hamas said 180 of its members had been killed and that civilians comprised the rest of the fatalities , which included 16 women and some children .
The Palestinian envoy to the UN , Riyad Mansour , said Israel had provoked Hamas with covert incursions into Gaza to commit assassinations , and with its blockade .
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon called for an immediate halt to all acts of violence .
The Palestinian casualties included eight trainees and a staff member of the UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East .
The Palestinian Centre for Human Rights , which keeps researchers at all hospitals in the Gaza Strip , said it had counted 251 dead by midday on Sunday , and that among them were 20 children under the age of 16 , and nine women .
Loading Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said the military operation against Hamas was likely to continue indefinitely .
with AP
Since the Oscars are tonight , I thought it would be fitting to do today 's Movie Trivia post on one of the most - celebrated films of all time .
And if you do n't know what I mean , ( I did n't know this , ' til I started doing the research ) you 'll see when you read the very first factoid .
Of the seven Academy Award nominations Silence of the Lambs received , it took home five - the Oscars Grand Slam of Best Picture , Best Actor , Best Actress , Best Director and Best Screenplay ( or Best Writing ) .
Only two other movies have ever done this :
It Happened One Night in 1934 at the seventh Academy Awards , and One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest in 1975 at the 48th Academy Awards .
Just before the Oscars , a group of gay activists crashed into the New York Film Critics Circle Awards to protest The Silence of the Lambs .
They claimed it made drag queens and crossdressers look bad ; that the movie implied that men who dress up as women must be sick and deranged .
The matter was handled peacefully , though - no arrests were made .
MGM sort of accidentally garnered a lot of Oscar buzz .
In 1992 , it was still pretty common for films that were up for Oscars to avoid a video release until after the ceremony .
But a horror movie had n't won a major award since 1941 's Rebecca , so MGM did n't think they had a shot and figured it was no big deal if they released to VHS .
This may have inadvertently been what earned it such Oscar support - Academy voters were able to watch the movie in their own homes .
The movie came out on Valentine 's Day in 1991 .
Perfect date movie , do n't you think ?
Gene Hackman originally wanted to direct and write the screenplay for the movie based on the novel .
He was also going to play Dr. Lecter himself .
But time passed and he lost interest ; Jonathan Demme picked it up and wanted Michelle Pfeiffer to play Clarice Starling .
She , however , thought it was too dark .
Of course , all three roles that were replaced - director , actor and actress - won Academy Awards .
Despite the fact that most people will forever link Anthony Hopkins with Dr. Lecter , Hopkins is only in the movie for 16 minutes .
It 's the shortest lead role to ever win an Oscar .
The movie is one of only two Oscar winners Gene Siskel ever gave a thumbs - down to .
The other was Clint Eastwood 's Unforgiven .
Anthony Hopkins improvised a couple of really memorable moments in the movie .
When Clarice and Lecter first meet , Hannibal the Cannibal mocks her Southern accent .
This was n't scripted and Jodie Foster had no idea he was going to do it , so when she appears to be offended and shocked , she really is .
He also improvised the slurpy noise Lecter makes after describing his meal of human flesh , fava beans and a nice chianti .
Horror movie veteran George Romero has a little cameo in the movie - he is with Chilton when the two guards remove Clarice from the area after her last meeting with Dr. Lecter .
Roger Corman also has a cameo , as does Jonathan Demme himself .
Corman plays FBI Director Hayden Burke and Demme can be spotted at the very end of the movie in the crowd scene wearing a blue cap .
Brooke Smith , who plays Buffalo Bill 's victim , was actually really good friends with Ted Levine ( Buffalo Bill ) on set .
Because of this , Jodie Foster referred to her as " Patty Hearst . "
Until recently , you could find both of these actors on T.V. - Brooke Smith was on Grey 's Anatomy , and Ted Levine is still on Monk .
This disturbs my husband every time we see him on Monk .
The moth cocoon found in the victim 's throat was made from Tootsie Rolls and gummy bears , so it would n't be a big deal if the actress accidentally swallowed it .
Dr. Lecter was based on several people , but he was largely inspired by Ted Bundy and the relationship he had with a criminology professor at the University of Washington .
Anthony Hopkins also based some of Hannibal 's mannerisms on Charles Manson - specifically , he noticed that Manson very rarely blinked when giving an interview , and strived to do the same when on camera .
Likewise , Buffalo Bill is a combination of Ed Gein , Ted Bundy , and Gary Heidnick .
Ed Gein skinned his victims , Ted Bundy tricked people into his van by acting like the cast on his hand was hampering him , and Gary Heidnick kept women in a pit in his basement .
The icon on the movie posters - the moth covering Jodie Foster 's mouth - has an element of Salvador Dali incorporated into it .
The back of the Death 's - Head Hawk Moth is actually made up of naked women if you look closely ; it 's Female Bodies as a Skull , which was later made into a portrait of Salvador Dali by famous photographer Philippe Halsman .
Check out the whole story here .
Anthony Hopkins has said that his Hannibal voice was a mix of Truman Capote and Katharine Hepburn .
Huffington
Post was so very kind this week to give space to almost frustratingly moderate Palestinian intellectual Dr. Mustafa Barghouthi .
In his well - reasoned article , “ Palestine ’s Guernica and the Myths of Israeli Victimhood , ” he supplied all the basic facts behind the problems in Palestine .
One would expect the hordes of so - called “ liberal ” Democrat ignoramuses who infect that publication ’s comment areas to bleat tired , false old bromides about Israel ’s porcelain - white innocence in the face of attacks by grizzled Arab barbarians , but what gives with the long disclaimer marring the top of Barghouthi ’s article ?
“ Huff Po ” runs all kinds of commentary from all over the political spectrum ( or at least its leftish side ) , but only those who dare speak against the sainted Israelis seem to require an editorial explanation that resembles an apology .
Shame on Huffington Post for its disgusting lack of integrity .
Once word leaks out that a pirate has gone soft , people begin to disobey you , and then it ’s nothing but work , work , work , all the time .
Ah , who can resist the call of the pirate ’s life .
Yo ho , ho yo , right ?
I was surprised to find recently that , while The Princess Bride ’ ’s Dread Pirate Roberts is clearly a fictional character , there really was a dreaded pirate Roberts who sailed the high seas in the early 18th century , looting and pillaging at his ease .
Unlike Westley ’s predecessor , this Roberts was named not Cummerbund but Bartholomew , an equally less - than - fear - inducing name ( though somewhat more suitable when shortened to Bart ) .
Piracy , as it turns out , was n’t quite what our movies today make it out to be .
In many ways , it was worse – Dread Pirate Roberts only killed the crews of the ships he plundered , while plenty of real pirates were notorious for their creative tortures , like slicing off a victim ’s ears , frying them up , and forcing the victim to eat them .
But in other ways , pirates ’ lives were quite a bit better than our movies make out – they were free in ways few of their times were , and had developed laws and traditions that protected their freedoms as well as – if not better than – our modern Constitutional principles .
In fact , there are quite a few things we can learn from the pirates of the 17th and 18th centuries .
Like other organized criminals , pirates were consummate business people , whose taste for booty could only satisfied by shrewd thinking and practical action .
Here , then , are six things the Dread Pirate Roberts might tell you if you hired him as a business consultant for your firm , or a life coach .
1 . Your reputation precedes you .
I know who you are — your cruelty reveals everything .
You ’re the Dread Pirate Roberts ; admit it .
What a coup for the Dread Pirate Roberts !
Here he is , face - to - face with a farm girl - turned - princess , and he ’s recognized instantly – despite the fact that nobody ’s ever seen him and lived .
That ’s reputation , and in many ways , it ’s the most important treasure .
Advertising
Pirates had a rough dilemma to face .
They made their living by boarding and plundering merchant ships .
Fighting too hard against those ships ’ crews risked damaging the ship or its precious cargo – but not fighting hard enough meant most likely suffering defeat and not winning the prize at all .
Pirates ’ solution to this dilemma was clever – they let it be known that the crews of any ship that surrendered without a fight would be spared , unharmed – while every last man of a crew that resisted would be slaughtered , often viciously .
With that kind of reputation , pirates rarely had to fight at all – most crews that came under assault by pirates surrendered immediately .
Today , your reputation spreads more easily and more quickly than ever before – imagine what pirates could have accomplished with a service like RateMyPirate.com !
A reputation for being effective and without qualms about doing what ’s necessary can open a lot of doors .
2. Follow through on your promises .
THE DREAD PIRATE ROBERTS TAKES NO SURVIVORS .
ALL YOUR WORST NIGHTMARES ARE ABOUT TO COME TRUE !
A reputation for blood - thirstiness did pirates no good if they were n’t willing to actually be blood - thirsty when the occasion demanded .
Every now and again , for whatever reason , a merchant captain and his crew would decide to press their luck in defense of their ship .
In those cases , pirates usually won handily – they often outnumbered the crews of the ships they boarded as much as ten - to - one , their ships were faster and better armed , and in the end , they had little to lose .
Once a crew decided the engage with pirates , there was no quarter – and no survivors .
But the flip side of the promise had to be honored just as well – a crew that surrendered without a struggle had to be treated with the utmost courtesy , or merchant sailors would quickly learn there was no upside to surrendering .
Pirates thus not only showed their captives the deepest respect , they often rewarded them with treasure from their own holds , and even recruited sailors to join their crews .
Follow - through is crucial , for today ’s business person as well as for the pirates of old .
If you make a promise , be prepared to keep it , even when it ’s impractical – or be prepared to pay the consequence as your reputation crumbles and more and more people feel comfortable challenging your word .
Advertising
3. Distinguish yourself proudly .
While pirates flew under all manner of flags , once the pursuit was under way they quickly ran up the Jolly Roger – the pirate ’s black flag adorned with images of death and terror , including the famous skull and crossbones but also skeletons , bleeding hearts , and decapitated heads .
The purpose of the Jolly Roger is simple : it let the crew of the ship under attack know that their boarders - to - be were pirates , and resistance would be severely dealt with .
The Jolly Roger tied the pirate reputation for cruelty to the vessel about to overtake your own .
It made plundering easy .
But if flying the pirate ’s flag made it easy to capture a ship without resistance , why did n’t military ships , coast guards , and privateers fly the same flag ?
The answer is that flying the Jolly Roger came with a price that few non-pirates could afford – you had to be willing to kill mercilessly to make good the promise of the Jolly Roger , should the enemy resist , and you had to be willing to face hanging if you were captured sailing under the Jolly Roger .
Pirates showed few compunctions about torturing and killing a crew that gave them trouble , a level of blood - thirstiness few more legitimate raiders could stomach – especially as they often had to answer to authorities back home .
And for a pirate , the penalty was the same whether they flew the Jolly Roger or not : death by hanging .
For others boarding and plundering ships under government authorization , flying a pirate flag meant death if captured , while plundering under their own nation ’s flag was legal ( or nearly so ) .
The high cost of hoisting the Jolly Roger made it uniquely pirates ’ own , and was recouped many times over in booty taken with ease .
Do you have a marker of excellence that others can’t afford ?
Producing a better product than anyone else , certification from third - parties , high - value clients and endorsements – these things are expensive to acquire and expensive to maintain , so display them proudly as marks of your excellence – and avoid or minimize those marks that anyone can achieve .
4 . Be accountable .
Pirates lived under a code of democratic leadership that was virtually unheard of in the early 18th century .
Captains were elected by popular acclaim , and quartermasters were appointed to act as a check on the captain ’s power .
To hold onto his position – and often enough his life – a captain had to be fair and even - handed with his crew , and vicious and extravagant with others when the situation called for it .
A slip - up could lead immediately to a vote of no confidence and appointment of a new leader , with the old captain marooned on a deserted island with naught by a pistol , some shot and powder , and a jug of water to keep him company .
Advertising
To maintain transparency , captains often slept alongside their crews , ate the same food , and maintained an open - door policy in their cabins .
Except in the heat of battle , the captain could expect to be questioned on every decision , so had better have had a good reason for all of them .
Booty was often kept in unlocked chests in an open , public space aboard ship , to prevent an unscrupulous captains from self - dealing .
This openness was crucial to pirates ’ success .
A captain ’s crew , after all , served at their own will under great threat to their personal safety whether in battle or if captured .
A captain ’s accountability kept the crew satisfied and loyal , allowing the captain to pursue his goals and everyone to benefit .
While today ’s business leader might have a little more leeway in his or her behavior – he or she ca n’t be removed from their post quite so easily as the pirate captains of yesteryear , for one thing – embracing the pirates ’ code of transparency cna go a long way towards running a tight ship , free of morale problems and unrpoductive strife .
5 . Manage your personal brand .
Then he explained the name was the important thing for inspiring the necessary fear .
You see , no one would surrender to the Dread Pirate Westley .
One of the most fearsome names in pirate history was Edward Teach ’s working name : Blackbeard .
Blackbeard carefully cultivated his personal brand , braiding his long beard and hair to give himself a terrifying appearance , even to the point of working lit matches or fuses into his beard so that his head was wreathed in pungent smoke .
No pirate ’s name was ever so feared .
In fact , so well did Blackbeard manage his brand that over the course of his career , he had not once been obligated to take a single life .
Talk about faking it until you make it !
The secret of Blackbeard ’s success is his effective use of image and close attention to PR .
His fearsome appearance , boasting , and determination put weight behind the pirate promise to give no quarter – so effectively , that he was never called on to prove it .
That ’s good branding !
6 . Do n’t be afraid to make enemies .
Finally , the most successful pirates always made it clear who their enemies were .
Captains pit themselves against all merchants under a particular country ’s or colony ’s flag , often in response to the hanging of their colleagues , killing all crewmembers of a particular nation to demonstrate the cost of dealing harsh justice against pirates .
Heavy - handed merchant captains were also targeted , with pirates often surveying the crew to determine how well they were treated and then torturing or killing their captain to punish wrongdoing .
Advertising
These personal vendettas and rogue administrations of justice helped pirates by solidifying support for them among at least a significant minority of non-pirate seamen .
While the members of Spanish colonies might be terrified by a pirate who announced his intention to kill all aboard ships sailing from a particular Spanish port , English sailors might well be rooting him on !
Likewise , sailors of all nations experienced the frustration , humiliation , and often degradation of working under an unfair and brutal captain – and may well have learned to view attack by pirates as a kind of liberation .
This is as true of business – and other realms – today as it was of piracy then .
Taking a strong stand against something or someone may well solidify your opposition , but it also solidifies your own core of support .
Consider Apple .
By taking on Microsoft so boldly in their “ Mac and PC ” ads over the last few years , they ’ve certainly upset plenty of Microsoft employees and users , but they ’ve also strengthened the tight - knit community of Apple users drawn as much by Apple ’s “ spunk ” as by the design of their products .
A pirate ’s life for you !
Have you ever considered piracy ?
You ’d make a wonderful Dread Pirate Roberts .
You would make a wonderful Dread Pirate Roberts .
Just keep in mind these lessons from the world of piracy and see where they take you .
For now , let ’s say the black mask is optional .
Avast !
Burmese nationals and other foreigners in Chinese prisons face forced labor under brutal conditions .
BANGKOK — Burmese nationals and other foreigners in south China prisons are being forced to produce consumer goods for private companies , according to two former prisoners .
The two Burmese citizens , who served out sentences in Chinese jails for drug trafficking offenses , said in an interview that nearly all Burmese imprisoned in China during the last five years were held in a prison in Kunming , the capital of China ’s southern Yunnan province .
There , they said , prisoners were forced to perform excessive amounts of work in an unsafe environment for very little pay .
The former inmates estimate there are over a thousand Burmese male prisoners and about 400 - 500 female prisoners in China .
The first former prisoner , who did not provide his name , said that Burmese nationals are often treated worse than other inmates because the Burmese embassy rarely provides them any assistance .
“ The Burmese prisoners suffer a lot of problems .
Some are hospitalized .
There are a lot of Burmese prisoners who have cuts on their arms , some with broken legs .
Some even die because of exhaustion , ” he said .
The male former inmate , who first arrived in Kunming Prison in 2007 , described the work he was assigned to upon his arrival .
“ I had to sort out four bags of beans a day .
Each bag weighed 60 to 70 pounds … There was no such work in the past .
Before , we stopped work at 5:30 p.m. no matter how important it was .
Now it is not like that , ” he said .
“ We had to sort those four bags of beans until we finished .
Sometimes we would not stop until 2:00 a.m. from the time we started in the morning , ” the man said .
Seventeen - hour workday
Map showing the location of Kunming Prison .
Graphic : RFA Photo : RFA
The second former prisoner also did not provide her name , but said that rules issued by Chinese authorities limiting prison work to eight hours a day were ignored by authorities during her time in Kunming .
She said she was forced to crochet , make boxes for jewelry and retail liquor , and clean mushrooms for export as an inmate .
“ In this prison , you have to wake up at 5:00 a.m. and are given one piece of ‘ Pausi ’ ( flour bread ) … At about 11:00 a.m. you eat whatever lunch they give you —usually rice and curry — and then you go back to work , ” she said .
“ You keep on working and in the evening you have your meal .
Then you go back to work until 10:00 p.m .
If there is important work to be done , you have to work until the break of dawn , ” the woman said .
The former prisoners said inmates are not allowed sufficient sleep or provided with the nutrition they need to support them during their long work schedules .
“ The main problem is that they ask you to work excessively and you do not get enough sleep … Sometimes I got very hungry in the night , ” said the female former inmate .
“ If we took food into the living quarters we were [ punished ] .
So we asked them for permission to take rice into our sleeping quarters at night …
We got dinner at 5:00 p.m. and then have to work until about 10:00 p.m. so we got hungry at night , ” she said .
“ If you do not have enough sleep you can not eat .
There is a ringing in your ears and you see hallucinations …
Sometimes you cannot hear what you yourself are saying so you shout when you talk , ” the woman said .
They said the work was done for private companies in the area and that inmates were paid 10 yuan ( U.S. $ 1.46 ) per month while workers outside of the prison earned 40 to 50 yuan ( U.S. $ 5.85 to $ 7.32 ) for similar work over the same period .
“ [ The prisons ] make a lot of profit .
The women wardens and all the junior wardens have cars of their own , ” the former female inmate said
Both former prisoners said that Burmese inmates are also prevented from contacting their families to send them extra money , and are treated worse than their fellow inmates because they are unable to bribe prison officers .
Prison or factory ?
When contacted by telephone , an official at the Prison Management Bureau of Yunnan Province said that most foreign prisoners in Yunnan are felony prisoners sentenced to more than 15 years in jail for offenses including drug smuggling .
“ Most of them are from Burma and Taiwan and are now held in the Yunnan No. 1 Prison , ” he said , although he refused to provide the number of foreign prisoners currently held in Yunnan .
The official said that foreign prisoners are “ managed the same as Chinese prisoners ” and as such they are “ re-educated through labor like Chinese inmates . ”
“ Their work is paid for in accordance with their work load and they have the full protection of relevant labor laws and regulations , ” he said .
But the official refused to provide details on what kind of work the foreign prisoners might do and denied any relationship between prisons and factories where the foreign inmates work .
“ When the factories need to process materials they might contact prisons and then prisoners can work for them , ” he said .
“ Allowances are not given to prisoners in cash .
Instead prison officers put the money onto a card and inmates can use the card to buy things in prison , ” he added .
When contacted , an operator in Kunming said none of the area ’s prisons had registered their numbers with the telephone directory .
An Internet search revealed the telephone number for the Supervisory Office of the Yunnan No. 2 Women ’s Prison in Kunming , but calls to that number were directed to a message for the “ Yunnan Kunyu Garment Factory , with 30 years of history in garment production . ”
It has been previously reported that Yunnan No. 2 Prison also operated under the name “ Yunnan Golden Horse Machinery Factory . ”
Little assistance provided
It is questionable whether Burmese nationals are given fair trials due to the language barrier they face in China and because their lawyers are often assigned by Chinese courts .
A man surnamed Ling , who works as a Burmese and Chinese interpreter in such court cases , says judges are often too impatient to hear explanations by foreign defendants .
“ Some of the judges are inexperienced and do n’t give enough time for those charged to fully explain , ” he said .
Ling said that he is usually asked to work as an interpreter by the court because the Burmese often lack the ability to hire one themselves .
The Chinese government has not released an official list of Burmese prisoners in China , and with little information to guide rights groups , many are forced to suffer alone .
“ You cannot compare Burmese prisoners with other foreign prisoners [ in Chinese jails ] .
The Burmese prisoners are right at the bottom level , ” the man said .
“ If the prisoners are Russian nationals … then the Russian Embassy would come and visit them .
That sort of thing .
Ordinarily , no one comes to visit Burmese prisoners , ” he said .
Original reporting in Burmese by Tin Aung Khine and in Mandarin by Ding Xiao .
Burmese service director : Nancy Shwe .
Mandarin service director : Jennifer Chou .
Translated from Burmese by Soe Thinn and from Mandarin by Arthur Tang .
Executive producer : Susan Lavery .
Written for the Web in English by Joshua Lipes .
A member of the stack overflow community asked " Is design now a subset of refactoring ? "
The question highlights a common misunderstanding about the agile approach to emergent design .
A common agile mantra is : " Test. Code .
Refactor .
Repeat ! "
This approach does n't replace design ; it simply spreads the work out over the life of the project .
Phil H. put his question this way :
The New Way seems to be to dive in and write what you need to achieve the first iteration of scope objectives , and refactor as necessary to have elegant solutions .
Your codebase grows incrementally , and never has a big planning / hierarchical design stage .
That , to me , suggests that software design ( worthy though it is ) has been subsumed into refactoring , because that 's where the elegant code comes from , not the incremental additions to functionality .
Am I wrong ?
Big Design Up Front is not design ; it is just one way to accomplish design .
Agile practitioners tend to prefer a different approach , in which the current design emerges in response to the actual functionality being supported .
The design reacts and adapts to the needs of the system , which itself is constantly evolving and adapting to the needs of the customers .
An agile , test driven , approach to adding functionality and evolving the design of a system can be expressed this way .
Create a test for the new functionality .
Run the test and watch it fail , because the functionality has n't been coded up yet .
Write just enough code to implement the needed functionality .
Run the test and see it pass .
Refactor the code until the system , including the newly added code , is elegant .
The essence of this approach is to have a design that supports the functionality that we know we need , without being burdened to support those things that we think we might need someday ( maybe ) .
Fabian Steeg referred to Kent Beck , and put it this way :
The goal is clean code that works . [...]
First we 'll solve the " that works " part of the problem .
Then we 'll solve the " clean code " part .
This is the opposite of architecture - driven development , where you solve " clean code " first , then scramble around trying to integrate into the design the things you learn as you solve the " that works " problem .
It is possible to misinterpret this too literally .
One participant gave this example :
The reason I make many design decisions early in the process rather than mid flow is this can often be the cheapest time to do so .
For example , if we start writing an application using platform dependent technology early on , it may be a very expensive decision to reverse .
If we take time to consider the platforms we want to support before starting to code , it is much cheaper .
This individual has fallen into the trap of misinterpreting ' emergent design ' to mean that agile developers do no thinking up front .
The current design should incorporate all of the information that we currently know .
If we know that we will need to support multiple platforms , we include that in our design .
However , if we are confident that we only need to support a single platform , then we will avoid constricting our design because ' someday we might want to port it ' .
Some of the agile guiding principles are :
It is worth noting that these are guiding principles , not rules intended to be followed mindlessly or dogmatically .
They are there to help skilled developers make decisions , not to tell the developers which decisions to make .
What is your approach to design ?
How do you create an architecture that serves your code , and coders , without unnecessarily constraining them ?
Leave a comment and share .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Chrysler LLC announced late Wednesday that it is stopping all vehicle production in the United States for at least a month .
All 30 of the carmaker 's plants will close after the last shift on Friday , and employees will not be asked to return to work before Jan. 19 .
Chrysler blamed the " continued lack of consumer credit for the American car buyer " for the slow - down in sales that forced the move .
The company ordinarily shuts down operations between Dec. 24 and Jan. 5 . This closure would add roughly two weeks to that shutdown .
Chrysler is the third of the Big Three automakers to suspend operations for January .
Last week , General Motors announced it was idling 30 % of its North American manufacturing capacity during the first quarter of 2009 in response to deteriorating market conditions .
That move will take 250,000 vehicles out of production .
On Wednesday , a Ford spokeswoman confirmed for CNN that the automaker is adding a week to its normal two - week seasonal shutdown at a number of its plants .
Chrysler would not say how many fewer vehicles would be produced because of this shutdown .
A total of 46,000 employees will be affected .
They will be paid during the time off through a combination of state unemployment benefits and Chrysler contributions , but they will not receive the full amount of their working pay , a Chrysler spokesman said .
" Chrysler dealers confirmed to the company at a recent meeting at its headquarters , that they have many willing buyers for Chrysler , Jeep and Dodge vehicles but are unable to close the deals , due to lack of financing , " the carmaker said in an announcement .
" The dealers have stated that they have lost an estimated 20 % to 25 % of their volume because of this credit situation . "
Auto sales have been hit hard by tight credit and the struggling economy .
Overall auto sales in the United States were down 37 % last month compared with November 2007 .
Chrysler 's situation was especially bad .
Its sales dropped 47 % .
Chrysler 's financing arm , Chrysler Financial , has tightened lending terms for buyers and earlier this year , it announced it would no longer offer leases .
Industry seeking help from Washington
Chrysler , Ford Motor Co. ( F , Fortune 500 ) and General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) have approached Congress for aid to help them get through the current financial crisis .
A congressional effort to establish a stopgap , $ 14 billion loan program to help Chrysler and General Motors at least until next month collapsed in Congress last week .
The Bush administration has said it is working on a possible plan to throw the companies a lifeline using money from the $ 700 billion bailout approved by Congress in October , the Troubled Asset Relief Program or TARP .
" It 's clear that the automakers are in a very fragile financial condition and they 're taking steps to deal with it , " White House Press Secretary Dana Perino said Wednesday .
" We 're aware of their financial situation and are considering possible policy options to provide assistance in an appropriate way .
As we 've said , a disorderly collapse of the auto industry should be avoided . "
" The speed and severity of the U.S. auto market 's decline has been unprecedented in recent weeks as consumers reel from the collapse of the financial markets and the resulting lack of credit for vehicle financing , " GM said in a Dec. 12 announcement , citing a 41 % drop in November sales .
Both GMAC and Chrysler Financial are trying to receive federal assistance under the TARP program .
GMAC is affiliated with General Motors , which owns 49 % of the finance company .
The other 51 % of GMAC is owned by a consortium of investors led by Cerberus , which owns Chrysler and Chrysler Financial .
By way of background , William Black is a former senior bank regulator , best known for his thwarted but later vindicated efforts to prosecute S&L crisis fraudster Charles Keating .
He is currently an Associate Professor of Economics and Law at the University of Missouri – Kansas City .
More germane for the purpose of this post , Black held a variety of senior regulatory positions during the S&L crisis .
He managed investigations with teams of examiners reporting to him , redesigned how exams were conducted , and trained examiners .
Via e-mail , he has confirmed our suspicions about the bank stress tests announced by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner : they simply cannot be adequate , given the number and experience of the staff , and perhaps as important , their relationship with the banks ( see detailed comments below ) .
I also asked him about the fact that bank examiners examine banks ( duh ) and would not have much ( any ? ) experience in the capital markets operations or sophisticated products that the big investment bank , now banks , participated in .
Goldman and Morgan Stanley ought to be subject to these exams ; Citi , JP Morgan , and Bank of America have large capital markets operations .
These firms are where the biggest risks and exposures lie .
Do the examiners what to look for in a even the low - risk operations , like repo desks , much the less derivatives and proprietary trading books ?
He agreed ( as presented below ) that it was a near certainty that this was beyond their skill level .
Now this begs the question : why has the Treasury Secretary set in motion an obviously bogus process ?
It suggests the result is pre-ordained .
One possibility is that even a very quick and dirty look at many of the big banks ’ books will reveal them to be in very bad shape .
In fact , the inadequate staffing could be part of the private conversation : “ You know we did n’t send in enough bodies to do this right , and even using your numbers , which we can assume in some cases will be flattering , you look like a goner . ”
But all of Geithner ’s actions to date are inconsistent with him taking a tough stand .
Having a lot of people party to a process that finds that some of the big banks are in trouble would be hard to keep secret ( to my knowledge , none of these people have high level security clearances .
Government employees and contractors in those cohorts do keep their mouths shut ) .
So I think it is more likely that the banks will get scorecards that show them to be in various stages of peril , but none will be found to be terminal .
( They ca n’t be given a clean bill of health , that would call the whole rationale of the TARP and its various injections into question , and also would put Geithner at considerable risk if any bank declared OK fell over in less than 12 months ) .
But even the designation of “ sick but not ready to be hospitalized ” carries with it risk to the Administration .
If the banks get sicker than anticipated , how can they explain it ?
They ca n’t say , “ oh , things got worse than we contemplated ” .
The whole point of a stress test is to anticipate worst case scenarios .
And it is pretty certain a fair number of the big banks will be on such large - scale life support by year end that it will be hard to make a case not to put them in receivership .
Whatever statement Geithner puts out about the results of the stress test is likely to come back to haunt him , as did Colin Powell ’s “ there are WMD in Iraq ” speech before the UN did .
And Powell had a better reputation going into Iraq than Geithner has in prosecuting his war .
From William Black :
There are no real stress tests going on .
1 ) If you did a real stress test , as Geithner explained them , you would n’t just have a $ 2 trillion hole — you ’d impose regulatory capital requirements of 50 % .
( FYI , the regulators have the power to set HIGHER individual capital requirements based on unusually large risks at a particular bank . )
Yves here .
By implication , the results of anything approaching a true stress test , plus reasonable regulatory responses , would dictate radical action .
We have not seen any corresponding groundwork laid for that sort of thing .
Back to Black :
2 ) You ca n’t conduct a meaningful stress test without reviewing ( sampling ) the underlying loan files and it seems likely that the purchasers of securitized instruments ( not just mortgages ) do not even have the loan file data .
Moreover , loss ratios vary enormously depending on the issuer , so even a bank that originates ( or has purchased a bank that originates ) similar product cannot simply take its own loss rate and extrapolate it to the measure the risk on the value of securitized credit instruments .
3 ) The regulators are overwhelmed because of personnel cuts ( particularly heavy among their best , most experienced examiners that had worked banks that had engaged in sophisticated frauds .
Buyouts were common , because more experienced examiners appear more expensive .
This is n’t true when you consider effecitiveness and productivity , but management did n’t care about that .
Treat what I write after the colon as hearing from me at my most serious and thoughtful : it is vastly more difficult to examine a bank that is engaged in accounting control fraud .
You ca n’t rely on the bank ’s books and records .
It does n’t simply take more , far more , FTEs — it takes examiners with experience , care , courage , and investigative instincts and abilities .
Very few folks earning $ 60 K are willing to get in the face of the CEO and CFO making $ 25 million annually and tell them that they are running a fraudulent bank and they are liars .
FYI , this is one of the reasons why having “ resident examiners ” never works .
The examiners do n’t even get to marry the natives .
They get to worship God ’s annoited .
Effective examination is good for you , but it is very unpleasant , ala a doctor ’s finger up your rectum .
It requires total independence .
So , the examination force does n’t have remotely the numbers or the relevant experience and mindset to examine the largest banks with the greatest problems .
Yves here .
Black is not using the fraud word lightly .
He believe that we have Enron - level accounting fraud happening , now , in the financial services industry .
And we have asked repeatedly , why has there been no investigation of fraud at Lehman ?
There was a $ 100 billion plus hole in its balance sheet , meaning a substantial negative net worth , when its financial statements presented a completely different picture .
Back to Black :
4 ) As Geithner describes the process , NO ONE can conduct reliable “ stress testing . ”
It inherently requires testing everything in every way any and all aspects of everything could conceivably interact .
It also does n’t provide any meaningful output that can be operationalized ( unless you want to force an enormous rise in minimum regulatory capital requirements , which he obviously does n’t want to do ) .
5 ) Examiners certainly can’t A ) do the stress testing that Geithner describes or B ) evaluate the reliability of a large bank ’s proprietary stress test .
If they were serious about constructing reliable stress tests , which they are n’t , you ’d require their analytics to be made public .
You ’d have the industry fund independent investigations by rocket scientists chosen by a committee selected by the regulators of the soundness of the analytics .
You ’d also have the industry fund competitions to rip them apart ( a bit like we hire legit hackers to test security by trying to defeat it ) and show where they produce absurd results .
The geeks would have a field day ( that would probably last a decade ) .
There are probably zero examiners that have the modeling skills required to evaluate the most sophisticated stress test models .
The concept that there are 100 examiners with these skills , suddenly freed up from all other duties , assigned to CONDUCT stress tests is a lie .
6 ) It is , however , possible to use even the less experienced examiners to conduct a far more useful examination of the quality and value of nonprime loans .
My nightmare scenario which I fear is often true is that A ) because the biggest originators of nonprime loans were mortgage bankers , B ) because every large mortgage banker that specialized in nonprime loans went bankrups , C ) because many of them went into Chapter 7 liquidations and even those that went into Chapter 11 ’s had little incentive to hang on to files on mortgage loans they had sold to other entities — the loan files on many nonprime loans may no longer exist .
( My fervent prayer is that the loan servicers have tapes with copies of the underlying loan files , but I fear that this prayer will not be answered . )
Under this nightmare scenario it will be extraordinarily hard to determine loan quality and losses and very hard to foreclose against borrowers that can afford attorneys ( admittedly a minority ) and that claim fraud in the inducement .
Yves again .
Remember , aside from the discussion of the bank ’s risk models , he is still framing the stress test in terms of more or less traditional banking activities , that is , that most of the assets that need examining are loans .
I asked for how he thought the examiners would fare with more complicated products , like CDOs , CDS , and derivatives .
His comments :
Yes , few examiners understand more exotic products .
In my experience , nobody understands all the products .
I certainly do n’t , and if I did I ’m sure my knowledge would be out of date within weeks .
The problem is compounded by the fact that understanding how the product is actually used ( CDS is a good example ) v. how its proponents picture it as being used is essential .
Understanding its sensitivity to credit and interest rate risk is well beyond the ken .
Understanding the liquidity risks and interaction effects is out of the question .
Examiners rarely know that financial risks are not normally distributed , but have far fatter tails .
( Nor do they understand why this makes truncating the VAR a recipe for disaster . )
Examiners rarely understand that any econometric analysis undertaken during the expansion phase of a bubble will invariably find the strongest positive correlation with the worst possible business practices ( because those practices maximize accounting fraud ) .
We were , 15 years ago , able to get some strong capital markets people and give them advance training .
We sent them out on exams , they impressed the industry — and they were promptly hired away from us at substantial raises
Some countries have found ways around this problem , but they do n’t translate well to America .
In Japan , the most prestigious jobs are in the top ministries , so they get and hang on to good people .
In Singapore , Lee Kwan
Yew felt he had to depart from the typical corrupt Asian government norm for Singapore to prosper .
Top government bureaucrats are paid like top private sector professionals ( think law firm partners ) .
They are well enough paid ( or have the prospects of being well enough paid ) so as to have an incentive not to screw it up ( tough internal audits also help ) .
The new Gregorian year has brought a striking new Big Z design to An Event Apart , along with the detailed schedule for our first show and the opening of registration for all four shows of the year .
Jeffrey has written a bit about the thinking that went into the design already , and I expect more to come .
If you want all the juicy details , he ’ll be talking about it at AEA , as a glance at the top of the Seattle schedule will tell you .
And right after that ?
An hour of me talking about coding the design he created .
One of the things I ’ll be talking about is the choice of markup language for the site , which ended up being HTML 5 .
In the beginning , I chose HTML 5 because I wanted to do something like this :
< li > < a href= " /2009/seattle / " > < h2 >< img src="/i/09/city-seattle.jpg " alt =" Seattle " /></h2 > < h3 > May 4—5 , 2009 </h3 > < p > Bell Harbor International Conference Center </ p> </ a> </li>
Yes , that ’s legal in HTML 5 , thanks to the work done by Bruce Lawson in response to my href - anywhere agitation .
It is n’t what I ’d consider ideal , structurally , but it ’s close .
It sure beats having to make the content of every element its own hyperlink , each one pointing at the exact same destination :
< li > < h2 >< a href= " /2009/seattle / " >< img src="/i/09/city-seattle.jpg " alt =" Seattle " /></a></h2 > < h3 >< a href= " /2009 /seattle / " >
May 4—5 , 2009 </a></h3 > < p >< a href= " /2009 / seattle / " >
Bell Harbor International Conference Center </a></ p> </li>
I mean , that ’s just dumb .
Ideally , I could drop an href on the li instead of having to wrap an a element around the content , but baby steps .
Baby steps .
So as Bruce discovered , pretty much all browsers will already let you wrap a elements around other stuff , so it got added to HTML 5 .
And when I tried it , it worked , clickably speaking .
That is , all the elements I wrapped became part of one big hyperlink , which is what I wanted .
What I did n’t want , though , was the randomized layout weirdness that resulted once I started styling the descendants of the link .
Sometimes everything would lay out properly , and other times the bits and pieces were all over the place .
I could ( randomly ) flip back and forth between the two just by repeatedly hitting reload .
I thought maybe it was the heading elements that were causing problems , so I converted them all to classed paragraphs .
Nope , same problems .
So I converted them all to classed span s and that solved the problem .
The layout became steady and stable .
I was happy to get the layout problems sorted out , obviously .
Only , at that point , I was n’t doing anything that required HTML 5 .
Wrapping classed span s in links in the place of other , more semantic elements ?
Yeah , that ’s original .
It ’s just as original as the coding pattern of “ slowly leaching away the document ’s semantics in order to make it , at long last and after much swearing , consistently render as intended ” .
I ’m sure one or two of you know what that ’s like .
As a result , I could have gone back to XHTML 1.1 or even HTML 4.01 without incident .
In fact , I almost did , but in the end I decided to stick with HTML 5 .
There were two main reasons .
First , AEA is all about the current state and near future of web design and development .
HTML 5 is already here and in use , and its use will grow over time .
We try to have the site embody the conference itself as much as possible , so using HTML 5 made some sense .
I wanted to try HTML 5 out for myself under field conditions , to get a sense of how similar or dissimilar it is to what ’s gone before .
Turns out the answers are “ very much so ” to the former and “ frustratingly so ” to the latter , assuming you ’re familiar with XHTML .
The major rules are pretty much all the same : mind your trailing slashes on empty elements , that kind of thing .
But you know what the funniest thing about HTML 5 is ?
It ’s the little differences .
Like not permitting a value attribute on an image submit .
That one came as a rather large surprise , and as a result our subscribe page is XHTML 1.0 Transitional instead of HTML 5 .
( Figuring out how to work around this in HTML 5 is on my post - launch list of things to do . )
Oh , and we ’re back to being case - insensitive .
< P Class = " note " > is just as valid as < p class = " note " > .
Having already fought the Casing Wars once , this got a fractional shrug from me , but some people will probably be all excited that they can uppercase their element names again .
I know I would ’ve been , oh , six or seven years ago .
Incidentally , I used validator .nu to check my work .
It seemed the most up to date , but there ’s no guarantee it ’s perfectly accurate .
Ged knows every other validator I ’ve ever used has eventually been shown to be inaccurate in one or more ways .
I get the distinct impression that use of HTML 5 is going to cause equal parts of comfort ( for the familiar parts ) and eye - watering rage ( for the apparently idiotic differences ) .
Thus it would seem the HTML 5 Working Group is succeeding quite nicely at capturing the current state of browser behavior .
Yay , I guess ?
And then there was the part where I got really grumpy about not being able to nest a hyperlink element inside another hyperlink element … but that , like so many things referenced in this post , is a story for another day .
After much wrangling , the DTV Delay Act has worked its way through the House of Representatives and will certainly be signed by President Obama , changing the cutoff date for analog broadcasts from February 17 to June 12 .
Do n't expect this to bring a sudden end to digital TV confusion , since stations can switch prior to that date , and according to the FCC up to 61 % will be able to .
Since simply powering analog equipment costs thousands of dollars a month , OTA TV watchers will want to check their local broadcaster 's plans as more than a few will be going ahead with the original date for better or worse .
Got an unused , expired coupon ?
No need to head to Retrevo just yet , since you 'll now be able to reapply to the again - funded coupon program .
Of course , the FCC still has to figure out how to implement the new law , with only a few days to prepare , tomorrow 's open meeting on the subject should be very interesting .
If there 's one thing for sure here at CES it 's that we 've seen a bunch of multitouch devices , both good and bad .
Add this 50 - inch multitouch display from Samsung to the list titled " cool as hell . "
Once we were done snapping shots of the P3 , we saw people surrounding this bad boy so we decided to see what was up .
We do n't have much info but one thing 's for sure : these devices are much more fun when you 're just playing around rather than using it for some more meaningful purpose .
Peep the video after the jump .
QUEERTY REPORTS–In a move that widens the playing field , 50 California labor organizations , including United Healthcare Workers ( UHW ) and the California Labor Federation , will join the Prop. 8 battle this Friday by filing an amicus brief urging the California Supreme Court to overrule the same - sex marriage ban .
It ’s a major step toward demonstrating to the court that Proposition 8 is not simply a threat to gays and lesbians , but to all Californians .
The labor organization ’s argument is one of the most appealing we ’ve seen so far on why the court should overturn the ban , not just because it comes from such a wide variety of well - established political organizations , but because it makes a strong case that Prop.
8 is not so much a change to the Constitution as it a vial of poison that , if enacted , would put democracy in California in the critical care ward .
The Supreme Court will rule sometime in March on whether Prop. 8 is valid , but the legal argument against is based on a technicality –that Prop.
8 supporters did not follow the proper procedure for a measure with such sweeping implications .
Labor ’s amicus adds some meat to the argument .
Art Pulaski , executive secretary - treasurer of the California Labor Federation AFL - CIO told reporters yesterday : “ We believe Prop. 8 is improper and it ’s immoral and it ’s also legally invalid .
We have an interest not only in defending the rights of our members , but we have an interest in defending the constitution of California . ”
But it was United Health Workers - West President Sal Rosselli who explained why labor is interested in seeing the measure overturned :
There are fundamental constitutional rights that cannot be abolished by ballot initiative .
Our organizations stand for fairness and equality for working people –not only in the workplace but in all aspects of society .
Today we are standing up for all California families in asking the court to overturn …
Us defending the right of gay people to marry , us defending this civil right is fundamentally important because well , there ’s a slippery slope and wealthy bigoted people could organize votes of the electorate to take away other civil rights .
He cited the example of the right to picket , something which is guaranteed by the state Constitution in California , but which is illegal in Alabama .
Why is this important ?
Well beyond the fact that so many groups joined in the amicus ( full list at the end of this article ) , it ’s one of the first signs that the issues of marriage equality and nondiscrimination that are at the heart of the modern gay political movement are being recognized as part of a larger notion of freedom and equality for all .
Put it this way –enlisting the aid of non-gay people to work for LGBT equality is a lot easier if those people recognize that they have a stake in the battle .
The idea that fundamental rights – and the Supreme Court called the right to marry “ an inalienable ” one – can be amended by simple majority vote should scare anyone who enjoys those freedoms , and as Rick Jacobs of the Courage Campaign was quick to point out in the conference call yesterday , “ in California , everyone is a minority ; we ’re a majority - minority state , so this effects everyone . ”
The members of the amicable coalition are :
* California Labor Federation
* National Federation of Federal Employees
* Screen Actors Guild
* UNITE HERE !
* Alameda Labor Council , AFL -CIO
* Fresno-Madera - Tulare - Kings Counties Central Labor Council , AFL -CIO
* Los Angeles County Federation of Labor , AFL -CIO
* Sacramento Central Labor Council , AFL -CIO
* San Mateo County Central Labor Council , AFL -CIO
* San Francisco Labor Council , AFL -CIO
* South Bay Labor Council , AFL -CIO
* California Federation of Teachers , American Federation of Teachers , AFL -CIO
* California Faculty Association
* American Federation of State , County , and Municipal Employees , District Council 57 , AFL -CIO
* American Federation of State , County , and Municipal Employees , Local 2019 , AFL -CIO
* American Federation of State , County , and Municipal Employees , Local 2428 , AFL-CIO
* American Federation of State , County , and Municipal Employees , Local 3299 , AFL -CIO
* American Federation of State , County , and Municipal Employees , Local 3916 , AFL -CIO
* American Federation of Teachers , Local 6119 , Compton Council of Classified Employees
* American Federation of Teachers , Local 6157 , San Jose / Evergreen Faculty Association , AFL -CIO
* El Camino College Federation of Teachers , Local 1388 , California Federation of Teachers , American Federation of Teachers , AFL -CIO
* United Educators of San Francisco , AFT / CFT Local 61 , AFL - CIO , NEA/CTA
* University Council - American Federation of Teachers
* Association of Flight Attendants -CWA
* Association of Flight Attendants - CWA , Council 97
* Association of Flight Attendants - CWA , Council 99
* Communications Workers of America District 9 , AFL-CIO
* Communications Workers of America , Local 9000 , AFL - CIO
* Communications Workers of America , Local 9503 , AFL -CIO
* Communications Workers of America , Local 9505 , AFL -CIO
* Communications Workers of America , Local 9421 , AFL-CIO
* Communications Workers of America , Local 9575 , AFL -CIO
* District Council of Ironworkers of the State of California and Vicinity
* Jewish Labor Committee Western Region
* Maintenance Cooperation Trust Fund
* National Federation of Federal Employees , Local 1450
* Operative Plasterers ’ and Cement Masons ’ Local 300 , AFL -CIO
* Operative Plasterers ’ and Cement Masons ’ Local 400 , AFL -CIO
* Pride at Work , AFL -CIO
* SEIU California State Council
* SEIU Local 521
* SEIU Local 721
* SEIU Local 1000
* SEIU Local 1021
* SEIU Local 1877
* SEIU United Healthcare Workers West
* Teamsters Joint Council 7 , International Brotherhood of Teamsters
* Teamsters Local 853 , International Brotherhood of Teamsters
* United Food and Commercial Workers , Local 5
* UNITE HERE Local 19
* United Steelworkers , Local 5 , Martinez , Ca .
* University Professional and Technical Employees , Communications Workers of America , Local 9119 , AFL-CIO
We ’re really interested to hear your thoughts on where this battle is headed .
Will the argument that Prop. 8 shreds the Constitution hold water with the Supreme Court ?
Or will the fact that there ’s precious little case law to support overturning the will of the voters win out ?
( CNN ) --
When Debbie Gordon and her fellow health - care mission workers go to Belize , there 's just so much they can do to treat people in the remote village of Gales Point .
This modified cell phone acts as a mobile medical lab by helping doctors analyze samples of bodily fluid .
Her group , which includes two or three doctors , can only treat the town 's 300 villagers based on the symptoms patients describe or what the doctors observe .
" If we had the ability to take a device that could do field tests and get back the results in a few days , that would be very helpful , " said Gordon , a health educator based in North Carolina , who teaches doctors and nurses about care for sick newborns .
How about in a few seconds ?
Such a device may be available in the near future , and it could turn a cell phone into a mobile medical lab -- and change the way doctors treat patients in rural areas far from hospitals .
Professor Aydogan Ozcan of UCLA has taken a typical Sony Ericsson phone , and by adding a few off - the - shelf parts that cost less than $ 50 , he can get it to produce a remarkable image that shows the thousands of cells in a small fluid sample such as human blood .
" It is a new way of doing images of cells and bacteria , " said Ozcan , an assistant professor in UCLA 's electrical engineering department .
While other small imaging systems use bulky optics , his group 's invention offers " true miniaturization of a laboratory " because there are no lenses and the results are quick and accurate , he said .
The device is called LUCAS , which stands for lensless ultra - wide - field cell monitoring array platform based on shadow imaging .
It uses a short wavelength blue light to illuminate a sample of liquid -- blood , saliva or another fluid -- on a laboratory slide .
LUCAS captures the image to a chip in the cell phone .
If the phone is loaded with an algorithm program , it then counts the microparticles much faster than a human can .
The image also can be transmitted wirelessly to a computer , which analyzes it and sends back a text message with the results .
For instance , CD4 counts -- or the measure of T cells in a person 's blood -- can determine if an HIV patient has AIDS .
Or a red cell count can help determine if a patient is anemic or might have malaria .
Ozcan compares the images to the shadows you see when you walk down the street on a sunny day .
" These cells also have a shadow , but their shadows are not like our black shadows , they are much more rich , " he said .
The holograms produced by the camera are fuzzy and cannot be read by the human eye .
Doctors still need microscopes to examine a sample from a patient .
The cells are different in shape by type , so the LUCAS system counts the cells using an algorithm developed by the UCLA team .
Ozcan said the report generated is 90 percent accurate .
The test is not meant to replace sophisticated optics .
But the device could offer a fast , preliminary diagnosis in hard - to - reach areas such as remote villages in sub-Saharan Africa , where HIV rates are the highest in the world .
" What makes it quite valuable is that it is small and inexpensive , " said Skip Garner , professor of Biochemistry and Internal Medicine at the University of Texas Southwestern in Dallas .
" It 's also the scientific proof of a principle in its very early stages .
Once the group puts more and more work into it there are going to be a huge number of applications that are going to come out . "
Ozcan said he came up with the initial concept about two years ago .
Major improvements have come in the past 18 months , but the system is still considered a prototype , he said .
In the future if the LUCAS is built into a smart phone or similar hand - held device , it would add only a few dollars to the cost , he said .
Ozcan also wants to further develop LUCAS ' imaging capability to record events at the molecular level .
" We want to go now from microscale to nanoscale , " he said .
" We want to detect DNA fragments or protein . "
Garner wonders whether the device could differentiate between similar - looking bacteria .
There is good E. coli and bad E. coli , for example , and they are almost identical in structure .
Ozcan 's team is also still trying to understand the density limits of LUCAS .
When there are many cells in a sample , it becomes harder to count them all , Ozcan said .
" But if you are looking for a diseased person , it 's not usually the count [ that is important ] but the morphology of the cells , " he said .
Another potential pitfall is the lack of cell - phone coverage in remote areas .
But many Third World countries are developing cellular networks , Ozcan said .
Gordon , who has made several mission trips to Belize , says a device with the LUCAS system would be ideal for her team .
There are no doctors in Gales Point , so her group 's visit is one of the few times medical professionals come to the village .
The nearest hospital is more than 90 minutes away .
" To get results right away would be phenomenal , " she said .
" I 'd want to test every villager on my next trip . "
All About Cellular Phones • Medicine
Video :
Now you see it , now you do n’t …
If your superpower of choice would be to make things disappear , you may be surprised to see how close researchers are to making it come true .
Our exclusive video , above , shows a device created at Duke University , North Carolina , that can make objects invisible to microwaves .
The team thinks its technology could be modified to work for infrared and visible light too , making it able to hide 3D objects from human eyes .
The way the device steers microwaves could also give a boost to wireless communications – improving signals indoors or underground , for example .
Meanwhile Japanese researchers have taken a completely different approach to invisibility .
Using cameras and a projector , they beam the background video onto an obstacle ’s highly reflective surface , causing it to almost disappear .
As well as fashioning a coat that can make a person seem transparent , they recently made it possible for a driver to glance “ through ” the solid door and dashboard of a car to reveal otherwise hidden cyclists and road markings .
( CNN ) -- Software giant Microsoft is offering a $ 250,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of hackers behind a powerful computer virus that could lead to millions of PCs being hijacked .
Experts say a single infected laptop could expose an entire network to the worm .
Experts have so far been baffled by the true purpose of the Conficker or Downadup virus , but have described its spread as one of the most serious infections ever seen .
The worm exploits a bug in Microsoft Windows to infect mainly corporate networks , then -- although it has yet to cause any harm -- it opens a link back to its point of origin , meaning it can receive further orders to wreak havoc .
Microsoft has issued a patch to fix the bug , however if a single machine is infected in a large network , it will spread unchecked -- often reinfecting machines that have been disinfected .
The threat from the virus prompted Microsoft in collaboration with other technology industry names to this week announce a $ 250,000 reward for information to track down those behind Conficker .
Do n't Miss Virus exposes
PCs to hijack
" As part of Microsoft 's ongoing security efforts , we constantly look for ways to use a diverse set of tools and develop methodologies to protect our customers , " said George Stathakopoulos , of Microsoft 's Trustworthy Computing Group .
Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at anti-virus firm F - Secure says the true scope of the virus is not known , but in the past 24 hours his company monitored Conficker signals from two million Internet protocol addresses .
" That 's a lot , " he told CNN .
" And one IP address here does not mean one infected computer , it means at least one infected computer .
" Many of those IP addresses are obviously company proxies or firewalls , hiding hundreds of more infections behind it .
Unfortunately this also makes it impossible to estimate the total count of infected systems .
" So it 's still big .
Very big . "
Microsoft has previously paid out similar rewards to informants who helped identify the creator of Sasser , another notorious worm let loose in 2004 .
The perpetrator was tracked to Germany , where he was sentenced a year later .
All About Microsoft Corporation
Today marks the launch of Amazon CloudFront , the new Amazon Web Service for content delivery .
It integrates seamlessly with Amazon S3 to provide low - latency distribution of content with high data transfer speeds through a world - wide network of edge locations .
It requires no upfront commitments and is a pay - as - you - go service in the same style as the other Amazon Web Services .
Amazon CloudFront has been designed to be fast ; the service will cache copies of the content in edge locations close to the end - user 's location , significantly lowering the access latency to the content .
High sustainable data transfer rates can be achieved with the service especially when distributing larger objects .
Amazon CloudFront will be useful for many different application scenarios such as giving your customers low - latency access to popular objects and protecting your site from popularity surges ; other popular examples are low - cost delivery of rich media and sustainable fast transfer rates for software distributions .
See also the posting on the AWS Developer weblog and at Rightscale .
Seamless integration
A content delivery service that would extend Amazon S3 has been something that is very high on the wish list of our customers .
They were already successfully using Amazon S3 for some of their content distribution needs , but many wanted the choice to do so with even lower latency and with higher data transfer rates to any place in the world .
Customers really appreciate the scalability , reliability and cost - effectiveness of Amazon S3 and the fact that it integrates so easily with Amazon EC2 .
Amazon CloudFront builds further on that seamless integration by making it really simple to distribute Amazon S3 content world - wide .
The combination of the two services is really powerful : Amazon S3 will give you durable storage of your data , and the network of edge locations on three continents used by the Amazon CloudFront will deliver the content to your customers with low latency from the most appropriate location .
The network of edge locations
To ensure low - latency delivery , Amazon CloudFront uses a network of edge locations world - wide :
United States : Ashburn ( VA ) , Dallas / Fort Worth , Los Angeles , Miami , Newark , Palo Alto , Seattle and St. Louis
Europe : Amsterdam , Dublin , Frankfurt and London
Asia : Hong Kong and Tokyo
These edge locations work together to direct customers ' requests to the edge location that can provide the response with the lowest latency .
Simplicity
Because Amazon CloudFront follows the core principles of all Amazon Web Services it is a unique content delivery service .
The simplicity in getting started has been described by many of our early customers as a very important feature .
Using Amazon CloudFront is dead simple :
Put your objects in an Amazon S3 bucket .
Call the CreateDistribution API with the name of the S3 bucket , which will return your distribution 's domain name .
Use the new domain name in urls on your web or in your application .
Whenever these urls are accessed CloudFront will determine the optimal edge location from where to serve your content .
Many of our private beta customers have reported that it only took them 10 - 15 minutes from the moment that they first signed up for the service to the moment that Amazon CloudFront was distributing their content .
The second Amazon Web Services principle that sets Amazon CloudFront apart is that no upfront commitments are necessary and you only pay for what you have used .
There are no upfront fees or high volume requirements and no negotiations are necessary because we have published low prices from the start .
This brings content delivery in the hands of all businesses , and you can exploit the benefits of Amazon 's world - wide network of edge locations , regardless of whether you are a highly popular website , a small blog , a complex enterprise application or a developer doing some prototyping .
Tools such as S3 Fox have support for Amazon CloudFront built - in such that if you want to avoid any programming you can immediately start exploiting world - wide , low - latency content delivery .
A core distributed systems component
It is not uncommon to think about a service for content delivery such as Amazon CloudFront only in the context of media distribution for web sites , but it actually plays a more fundamental role .
There are two main technology components to such a service ; the first is intelligent request routing , which routes requests to the location that can best serve the user given a series of requirements and the status of the network .
The second technology component is that of object caching , which is a fundamental building block in both operating systems and in distributed systems .
For example your operating system will have a file cache , where it will store popular , recently - accessed files in memory to provide much faster access and greater throughput .
Without a file cache your whole computer would appear much slower as all work would happen at the speed of the disk instead of memory .
Caching is an essential technique that is used to make sure that components can operate at the fastest speed possible , to overcome the performance differences that exist in systems .
For example CPU 's have caches that are much faster than memory , memory works as caches for disks , local disks can function as caches for remote disks , etc .
In distributed systems caching is primarily used to provide fast access to popular objects that are located in remote storage servers .
These systems of caching servers often cooperate to create massive aggregate world - wide capacity to provide low latency access .
And by using globally decentralized cache servers for distribution , very high data transfer speed can be achieved .
Caching technology has long been the center piece of computer systems research and in Amazon CloudFront we use the type of highly advanced algorithms for reliability and scale that you have come to expect from our Amazon services .
Many of our customers will look to Amazon CloudFront for rock solid content distribution for websites , but its application is not limited to that .
Developers can easily integrate the service into their desktop and server applications and benefit from the advanced routing and caching that Amazon CloudFront offers .
For example enterprise style applications such as NASDAQ's Market Replay application are ideal candidates to integrate Amazon CloudFront to provide low latency access to popular market data while reducing the cost of data transfers .
Every time I visit India , more and more international brands seem to have set up shop .
A few months ago while waiting in my dentist 's office , I leafed through the tattered copy of a women 's magazine .
The inner front cover was graced by the ubiquitous fairness cream advertisement .
A flawless pale face smiled at me from inside the front inner cover , promising double perfection – less spots and radiant skin .
The product : L'Oreal Paris White Perfect Re-Lighting Whitening Cream .
You know L'Oreal .
The " Because you 're worth it " company .
The world 's biggest beauty products manufacturer , whose product lines range from the Body Shop to Soft Sheen Carson , the leading haircare brand for women of African origin .
L'Oreal faces include Beyonce , Penelope Cruz and Aishwarya Rai .
In a recent glossy report about sustainable development ( the cover is a portrait of a Mauritanian woman ) , L'Oreal devotes several pages to its commitment to good corporate citizenship and in particular to " skin and hair diversity " .
In the meantime , young brown women in India , please buy our whitening cream – 16 % increase in brightness in one week , 32 % increase in luminosity in four weeks , and intense action on your brown spots .
And that is downright subtle when compared to Pond 's , which recently came up with a television advert in which the dark woman wins her lover back after applying Pond 's fairness cream .
The ad ran in India and elsewhere in Asia ( with a different cast ) but nowhere else in the world .
Certainly , the fetish for white skin goes a long way back in Indian society .
Matrimonial ads routinely call for " fair " brides .
Bollywood heroines tend to be light - skinned .
Fairness creams and home remedies for dark skin are legion all over the country .
But when international cosmetics companies enter the fairness creams market , peddling in India products that they would not dare stock in the aisles of the politically correct west , there is a layer of hypocrisy that is dangerous to ignore .
As emerging economies all over the world open up their markets we hear a lot of buzzwords around global brand - building .
Multinationals are falling over themselves trying to " think globally and act locally " .
Here is a case where acting locally has been manipulated into a calculated double standard .
Of course , all beauty advertising caters to culturally relative neuroses of what is beautiful but surely even the most naive marketing chiefs at L'Oreal must have had a glimmering of doubt – " Wait a minute , is it racist to promote whitening ?
Would we put these words in a billboard on Times Square ? " – before they cleared the words , " White Perfect Re- Lighting Whitening Radiance " .
This begs the question : what are the ethics of global branding ?
As multinationals become more powerful than governments , what are the core principles that we as global and local customers should be able to hold them to ?
Considering that some of these companies have GDPs higher than that of small countries , it is scary how unregulated international advertising is .
It is left to the individual customer to educate herself and make socially responsible choices .
The good news is that customers around the world are increasingly looking at corporate social responsibility as a deciding factor in their buying decisions .
Douglas B Holt , a leading scholar in the field of cultural branding – he has brilliantly exposed the vast difference between Starbucks ' self - promoted narrative as a progressive brand and its lobbying against Ethiopian coffee farmers – concluded after an extensive study of global branding that consumers may associate global brands with good quality but also expect global companies to adhere to higher ethical standards .
His research revealed that " people may turn a blind eye when local companies take advantage of employees , but they will not stand for transnational businesses such as Nike and ExxonMobil adopting similar practices " .
Now if you are interested in irony , here is a really good one : Douglas B Holt happens to be the L'Oreal professor of marketing at Oxford .
It is clear that multinational companies have a lot of resources to spend on whitewashing and greenwashing themselves .
But at the end of the day , unethical global branding might be the same thing as short - sighted brand - building .
As customers become increasingly aware that purchasing power is a political power on par with voting , and the internet makes it difficult to keep secrets , multinationals who talk the talk but refuse to walk the walk will find out that pouring millions of dollars into creating elaborate corporate mythologies cannot replace consistently principled branding .
Customers are not stupid .
It is a lesson that Nike learned the hard way .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Japan's Finance Minister Shoichi Nakagawa has resigned , amid claims that he was drunk at a recent G7 meeting .
Mr Nakagawa said earlier that he would wait until parliament had approved a supplementary budget to step down .
But he brought forward his departure after calls for his immediate exit escalated .
Prime Minister Taro Aso said he respected Mr Nakagawa 's decision and named Economics Minister Kaoru Yosano to take over the finance portfolio .
At a news conference just hours after his appointment , Mr Yosano said the country 's economy had deteriorated " beyond expectation " .
Mr Yosano said his priority was to " smooth " the financial system as well as stimulating demand .
He said he would decide whether to take additional steps after consulting not only the government but business leaders , academics and the media .
' Embarrassing '
Mr Nakagawa 's departure is seen as a major blow to Mr Aso 's government in an election year .
The prime minister was already facing plummeting support ; a poll by broadcaster NTV on Sunday put backing for his cabinet at 9.7 % .
He made a difficult choice , and I respect his decision
Prime Minister Taro Aso Voters are worried both about the economy and Mr Aso 's leadership credentials in the wake of a series of gaffes , analysts say .
Mr Nakagawa apologised for " causing such a big fuss " and told journalists : " I decided that it would be better for the country if I quit . "
He has already apologised for his behaviour at last weekend 's news conference in Rome but blamed cold remedies for a slurred performance there .
He said he had not drunk more than a sip of alcohol before facing the media .
The news conference in Rome followed a meeting of finance ministers focussing on the current world economic crisis .
Footage showed Mr Nakagawa slurring his speech and closing his eyes repeatedly as if he was dozing off .
At one point , he mistook a question aimed at the governor of the Bank of Japan as one intended for him .
" It 's embarrassing , " said Democratic Party Secretary General Yukio Hatoyama .
" This has sent a message to the whole world .
He 's damaged the national interest . "
He explained that he had sipped wine at a luncheon toast on the day of the news conference , but had not consumed an entire glass .
He said he had taken too much medicine , including cold remedy , and that had made him drowsy .
Mr Nakagawa has denied reports - including the view of a former prime minister - that he is a regular drinker .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With four helicopters flying overhead , we had no idea what to expect early this evening at Market and Seventh Street , at least in terms of turnout , regarding tonight 's Prop. 8 protest .
It was huge .
Massive .
Although SFGate ( via AP ) reports a scant 1,000 protesters , we can safely say that that number is false .
People who showed up to protest the passing of prop .
8 -- gay , straight , tranny , black , Latino , Mormon , rich , poor , Christian , white , atheist , even a couple of furries -- were there in numbers that reached the thousands .
As of 8:15 p.m. , we 're hearing a number of around 25,000 people , at least according to KPIX .
PinkNews reports 15,000 +.
Protesters peacefully marched up Market Street , over to Castro and 18th , and finally draining into Dolores Park .
They filled the place .
The park was overflowing with angry , concerned , and hopeful California citizens .
It was a sight to behold on a simple Friday night .
Videos from the scene below the photos .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama said Friday he plans to withdraw most U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of August 2010 .
President Obama talks about his Iraq War withdrawal plan at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , on Friday .
Between 35,000 to 50,000 troops will remain in Iraq , he said .
They would be withdrawn gradually until all U.S. forces are out of Iraq by December 31 , 2011 -- the deadline set under an agreement the Bush administration signed with the Iraqi government last year .
" Let me say this as plainly as I can : By August 31 , 2010 , our combat mission in Iraq will end , " Obama said in a speech at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina .
" By any measure , this has already been a long war , " Obama said .
It is time to " bring our troops home with the honor they have earned . "
Watch Obama announce drawdown »
Obama 's trip to Camp Lejeune , a Marine Corps base , was his first trip to a military base since being sworn in .
Administration officials , who briefed reporters on the plan , said the remaining troops would take on advisory roles in training and equipping Iraqi forces , supporting civilian operations in Iraq and conducting targeted counterterrorism missions , which would include some combat .
But the ultimate success or failure of the war in Iraq , Obama said , would rest with the Iraqi people themselves .
The U.S. " cannot police Iraq 's streets indefinitely until they are completely safe , " the president said .
It is up to the Iraqis , he said , to ensure a future under a government that is " sovereign , stable and self - reliant . "
" We sent our troops to Iraq to do away with Saddam Hussein 's regime and you got the job done , " he said , referring to the troops .
The U.S. military had also " exceeded every expectation " suppressing the insurgency in the years that followed .
Al Qaeda in Iraq had been dealt " a serious blow , " the president added .
" The capacity of Iraq 's security forces has improved , and Iraq 's leaders have made strides toward political accommodation " through steps such as January 's provincial elections .
" Iraq is not yet secure and there will be difficult days ahead , " he said , but the Iraqi people now have a " hard - earned opportunity ... for a better life . "
Obama said he made his decision after reviewing several options presented by key military and civilian advisers .
Watch ex-general analyze strategy »
He said that he acted with " careful consideration of events on the ground , with respect for the security agreements between the United States and Iraq , and with a critical recognition that the long - term solution in Iraq must be political , not military . "
There are 142,000 U.S. troops in Iraq .
During the presidential campaign , Obama pledged to pull out all those troops within 16 months .
This plan exceeds that promise by three months .
The administration officials would not say how many of the troops leaving Iraq would be redeployed to Afghanistan .
When asked whether troops might be sent back if Iraq becomes unstable after the pullout , a senior aide said the president has always said he wanted some flexibility on the issue .
The president 's troop withdrawal plan is meeting with mixed reviews in Congress .
iReport.com :
What do you think of the withdrawal plan ?
Some Democrats -- including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi -- have expressed concern that the residual force Obama is planning to leave in Iraq is too large .
Sen . John McCain , R - Arizona , however , said in a speech on the Senate floor that he believes Obama 's decision is " reasonable " and that he is " cautiously optimistic that the plan that is laid out by the president can lead to success . "
McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , said that a " failing situation in Iraq has been arrested and reversed " due to the " dramatic success of the surge strategy . "
He also praised Obama 's willingness to leave behind a significant residual force and reassess the situation if conditions change in the future .
" We are finally on a path to success , " McCain said .
" Let us have no crisis of confidence now . "
Next month will mark the sixth anniversary of the start of the Iraqi war .
CNN 's Dan Lothian and Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Iraq War
The Wilhelm Scribble
is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 United States License
No gerbils were harmed in the production of this comic
The Great Esssssssscape : Snake eats snake - but then victim slithers back out again
A snake that was swallowed alive by another snake has pulled off what must be one of the greatest escapes in the animal kingdom .
Determined to survive , the would - be snack managed to turn itself around inside the other snake 's belly - and slither its way back out to freedom .
At least , that 's what Australian Tony Barton claims he witnessed in his garden .
And he snapped these images as proof .
Freedom :
The mucus - covered body of the eastern brown snake can be seen slithering to freedom from inside the stomach of the red belly black snake
Battle :
The snakes struggle with one another
' When you tell these stories , no - one believes you , ' said Mr Barton , who lives in the small rural town of Gundagai , south west of Sydney .
' But I have the pictures to prove it . '
The images , he says , show how the toxic red - belly black snake got its fangs around the far more poisonous eastern brown snake and began to swallow it .
It took almost 15 minutes for the 5 ft.6in brown snake to disappear down the black snake 's throat .
The shape of the victim could be seen in the bulge in the body of the attacker .
The black snake , its lunch totally consumed , then slid away , very sluggishly , to a spot of shade ' for a snooze , ' said Mr Barton .
A little later Mr Barton decided to have another careful look at the black snake .
The black snake swallows the brown snake the first time around - its tail can clearly be seen sticking out the mouth of the larger snake
What he saw next left him stunned .
' The black snake opened its mouth a little bit and I spotted this beady eye and the head of the brown snake peering out at me from the mouth , ' he said .
' So I got my camera ready again and took a picture as the brown snake came out a few inches .
Then it fastened itself onto the black snake 's lower jaw and pulled itself completely out .
' It was covered in mucus , as you might expect , but seemed to be completely undamaged .
Then the two of them parted ways , slithering off into the bush in different directions .
' I must admit that at first I thought someone was playing a practical joke on me because what I 'd first noticed was what I thought was a very long snake with two tails - before I realised that one snake was swallowing another .
' There 's only one explanation for what happened - having been swallowed head first , the brown snake must have been able to turn itself around inside the other snake 's body for it to be able to emerge head first . '
As he admits , his story is going to take some believing .
But he has the photographs - and he hopes they will silence all the critics .
Like all self - respecting nerds , I take solace in online communities .
My favorite is reddit.com , a snarky and smartish news aggregator site with lots of awesome comments and pun threads .
I took it upon myself to organize an outing with adult beverages for my fellow San Francisco redditors ….
there were allegedly ~4 other members who had replied affirmatively to the invitation other than myself and Asher .
Apparently anddisaid showed up at 6:30 and we missed her ! 🙁
However , much to my delight , 5 reddit admins showed up to keep me company !
Chris , Mike and his awesome librarian wife Hillary , Dave , Jeremy , and Alexis were all totally fun people , as I had suspected .
They even gave me a bobblehead !
Further pictorial evidence follows .
A slightly better view of the joyous occasion .
L to R Mike , Alexis , Dave , Chris , Biscuit , Hillary .
We all drew versions of the reddit alien .
I had no idea that its arms were not behind its back , stroking a weapon or something .
Please examine this for weirdness , note the nipples and pedobears .
Thank you for coming !
I had a lot of fun meeting you .
Megan Fox is SINGLE
Word has it that men everywhere are smiling at the news that Transformers staris single again .
The actress and her boyfriend of five years , have reportedly gone their separate ways .
Green , who became famous for his role in the original Beverly Hills 90210 , proposed to Fox back in 2006 and due to " scheduling conflicts " , the two were never able to make it to the altar .
Fox has graced many magazine covers and has at times been compared to a younger version of Angelina Jolie .
What 's up next for Megan ?
You can catch her in the next installment of Tranformers : Revenge of the Fallen , currently in post production .
A source , who confirmed this news to People magazine , said that the split was mutual and that they will remain friends .
The Obama Administration , in a full embrace of a controversial Bush Administration policy , told a federal judge on Friday afternoon that some 600 detainees being held by the U.S. military at Bargram airbase in Afghanistan have no right to go to U.S. courts to challenge their confinement .
In a one - paragraph reply to District Judge John D. Bates , the Justice Department said : “ Having considered the matter , the Government adheres to its previously articulated position . ”
The reply can be found here .
The filing means that , at least for the time being , the new Administration will treat Bagram prisoners differently than the 245 detainees still being held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
President Obama has ordered the closing of Guantanamo within a year and , in the meantime , his government is conducting an individual - by - individual review of the status of those at the Navy prison on the island of Cuba .
There is now no similar process for those at Bagram , and White House officials have told reporters not to expect any change at the Afghan base for at least six months .
The Guanantamo prisoners , of course , have a constitutional right to file habeas cases against their detention , under the Supreme Court ’s decision last June in Boumediene v. Bush .
But that ruling made no mention of the Bagram detainees , even though a number of those prisoners have filed habeas petitions in U.S. District Court in Washington .
By declining to change position , the new Administration cannot yet know whether Judge Bates will go along and reject the habeas challenges of Bagram detainees now pending in his Court .
In fact , at a hearing on their cases Jan.
7 , the judge dropped hints that he may find that at least some of those at Bagram have a right to contest their initial confinement and their continuing imprisonment there .
After President Obama ’s inauguration , and his announcement that he was moving to close Guantanamo , Judge Bates invited the government to “ refine their position ” on Bagram .
Based on the reply , the judge added , “ the Court will decide whether further briefing or some other course is appropriate . ”
The reply , however , seems to indicate that the government will rely on the written briefs and oral argument it has already filed in the Bagram cases .
Whether the detainees ’ lawyers will seek to file some kind of response to the new government filing is unclear .
If there are no further filings , Bates probably will go ahead and rule on the threshhold question of whether a U.S. court has any jurisdiction over a U.S. airbase , and its prison facilities , in Afghanistan .
Because of the brevity of Friday ’s government filing , it is uncertain whether the Obama Administration is leaving itself the option of reconsidering , later on , the detention policy for Bagram .
The Administration is increasing its military buildup in Afghanistan , and that presumably will lead to a rise in the number of prisoners captured and then confined at Bagram .
Windows only : BitTorrent super - host The Pirate Bay claims its ViO MobileConverter tool reduces nearly any video's size by 20 percent and converts it for mobile devices faster than anything else .
Let 's see about that .
Advertisement
Why the speed and quality test ?
Simply because ViO , with all the nuance of the typical Pirate Bay communication , claims this on its home page :
Converts virtually any web video format file into a file that 's 100 % compatible with your portable media device , compressing it up to 20 % of its original size without any reduction in image quality .
ViO converts your media faster than any tool on the market today .
Advertisement
I decided to try out ViO on converting a DiVx - formatted episode of Mad Men ( " The Benefactor " from season two , in case you 're a fan ) for my iPod touch .
I 'd previously been using the free version of Freez iPod Converter , which , while somewhat wonky and rough , got the job done faster and at acceptable quality faster than anything else I 'd tried .
I used Robin Keir 's timer to clock the conversion speed .
So !
Here 's the results of plugging in a 350MB , 45 - minute AVI file into Freez and letting fly with the default settings ( which converts to MP4 ) :
Freez iPod Converter
Conversion time : 7 minutes , 10 seconds
Finished size : 251 MB
Quality : Good , easily watch - able , only the same quirks as were present in the original .
Screenshot :
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
I then ran ViO through the same process , plugging in the AVI file and asking it to convert to an MP4 for the iPhone ( same video screen as iPod touch ) :
ViO
Conversion time : 7 minutes , 7 seconds
Finished size : 54.7 MB
Quality : Lots of pixel " ghosting " ( blocky pieces left behind when scene jumps ) , general muddiness to multi-color scenes .
Like a YouTube video that nobody selected " High Quality " or " HD " for .
Screenshot :
Advertisement
I then realized that ViO's " Advanced Options , " tucked away by default , let you change pretty much anything and everything about the finished product , including a target file size .
Advertisement
So I set ViO to re-encode that video to a 251MB MP4 file , and it instantly upped the video bitrate and other features .
Here 's the results of that second pass :
ViO ( Take Two )
Conversion time : 7 minutes 10 seconds
Finished size : 181MB
Quality : Noticeably better than the first run , with no detectable ghosting .
A small bit of jerky - ness when characters are moving quickly or scenes jump - cut ( especially in well - lit situations ) , but watch - able .
Screenshot :
Advertisement
So there you have it .
ViO did — despite my wishes , even — make a smaller video file than Freez in the same amount of time , reducing its final size by about 30 percent with only a small amount of detectable difference .
Given its more polished , somewhat easier - to - grasp interface and the huge range of devices it can convert for — HTC , Samsung , LG , Nokia , Apple , and many more devices are covered — it 's definitely worth checking out .
ViO Video MobileConverter is a free download for Windows systems only .
Make sure to watch for the toolbar option if you do n't want a browser add - on ; it 's checked for installation by default .
Advertisement
ViO Video MobileConverter [ The Pirate Bay via TorrentFreak ]
Hans Hildenbrand was one of 19 official German photographers documenting the war , but the only one to shoot in colour
Credit : HANS HILDENBRAND
“ You Have Zero Privacy Anyway .
Get Over It ” –That Goes Double on Social Networks
When Sun Microsystems ( JAVA ) Gadfly - in - Chief Scott McNealy made his infamous statement about online privacy in 1999 , there was a horrified hubbub at the time that he had the audacity to say such a thing .
You know , that he actually uttered such a terrible thing as the truth .
What a shock then that everyone is now in yet another tizzy about Facebook changes to its Terms of Service , which pretty much state the obvious again by noting that Facebook archives info you posted , even if you quit the service .
As in , you probably can’t delete it .
No , you can ’t –because you shared it , whether it be a photo , an email , a Wall post , whatever , already .
Because the fact of the matter is–since the moment the first caveman sent the first email to another Neanderthal–there has never been true online privacy for anyone who has chosen to participate in this highly interactive medium .
Here ’s the key definition of interactive : “ mutually or reciprocally active . ”
That means once you send something to others , it is out there in cyberspace forever , never ever to return .
And that goes double on social - networking sites , where –let ’s be honest–people egregiously overshare and then get all righteous when it is explained to them that sharing means , um , sharing .
As in :
You cannot take it back , if you have shared with 476 of your closest “ friends , ” your bikini shots from Cabo .
Now , BoomTown has learned to live with some very unfortunate haircut choices preserved forever online and does not often agree with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg ( I and everyone else slapped him silly on the Beacon debacle until he gave in , for example ) .
But he is technically right on this , even if Facebook could have done a much better job communicating the changes it made to its ToS , especially since ToS controversies are the Bermuda Triangle of the online arena .
This lack of clarity has always a major Facebook weakness , but it was the same for AOL –now owned by Time Warner ( TWX ) – back in the day when it was raising privacy red flags all the time .
But that does not make Facebook wrong , as Zuckerberg finally said clearly in a post on Facebook :
People want full ownership and control of their information so they can turn off access to it at any time .
At the same time , people also want to be able to bring the information others have shared with them — like email addresses , phone numbers , photos and so on — to other services and grant those services access to those people ’s information .
These two positions are at odds with each other .
There is no system today that enables me to share my email address with you and then simultaneously lets me control who you share it with and also lets you control what services you share it with . ”
Zuckerberg then notes that users are just going to have to trust services like Facebook with their data , which is up to the individual to decide before posting whatever online .
And , if regrets come later ?
Well , try this quote from the great playwright Arthur Miller : “ Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets . ”
MONTREAL – Prime Minister Stephen Harper says Quebecers and Canadians have moved past the 1759 defeat of French forces on the Plains of Abraham despite what the Bloc Quebecois says .
The Bloc wants organizers to cancel this summer 's re-enactment of the battle , where British forces trounced French troops .
Sovereigntists have denounced it as an insulting reminder of the defeat of their French ancestors 250 years ago .
Harper said Friday the decision to allow the re-enactment to go ahead rests with the National Battlefields Commission , which administers the Plains .
" That 's for the commission to decide what is appropriate , " Harper said of the Aug. 1 commemoration .
" What I know is this : For most Canadians and most Quebecers , that battle is an important event but it is an historical battle , " the prime minister said to a burst of applause from workers at Montreal 's CAE plant when he repeated the remarks in English .
He said the Bloc Quebecois " want to keep fighting today . "
" Most Canadians have moved beyond this .
We 're not fighting battles across the country in workplaces like this .
English - and French - Canadians work together and we 're going to continue to keep this country together forever . "
The Prime Minister 's Office has previously declined to comment on the re-enactment and Heritage Minister James Moore 's office has referred all queries to the battlefields commission .
Quebec sovereigntists have promised to protest outside the re-enactment , political commentators have decried it and even federalist Premier Jean Charest has criticized the event and promised to stay away .
In Quebec 's popular lore , the battle of the Plains is considered the end of francophone autonomy in North America and the start of British dominance .
Bloc Leader Gilles Duceppe has said he is fine with other events related to the anniversary , which include architectural digs , guided cruises and art exhibits .
But he questioned the holding of a masked ball , saying such a festive event is out of place .
The masked ball in question is a re-enactment of a party held by residents of New France in an act of defiance against British troops as they prepared a blockade of Quebec City .
The head of the National Battlefields Commission has said there will be numerous events commemorating the anniversary but the contentious battle re-enactment is under consideration .
Andre Arthur , an Independent MP from the Quebec City region , said during a visit to Shannon , Que. , on Friday that the commission has badly managed the event .
He questioned the leadership of commission head Andre Juneau and said the organization of the re-enactment should never have been left to amateur historians .
Federal Intergovernmental Affairs Minister Josee Verner said Juneau will have to explain the event programming before the Commons heritage committee .
The battle has been re-enacted in the provincial capital three times in the past 15 years – in 1994 , 1998 and 2004 .
The Quebec Historical Corps , which is staging the re-enactment , says between 70,000 and 90,000 spectators have come to watch the roughly 2,000 people who dress up for the event .
Black mambas are one of Africa ’s most dangerous and feared snakes .
Nothing is truer when you are standing in front of big black mamba hissing loudly , mouth gaping , striking rapidly in your direction .
But are all the frightening stories about black mambas true ?
I do n’t think so .
On the African continent many myths are told about these wonderful creatures .
Stories abound about black mambas chasing people for miles , attacking when they notice you and visiting houses to kill every single person inside .
All are exaggerations .
Black mambas live in the savannas and rocky hills of southern and eastern Africa .
They are Africa ’s longest venomous snake , reaching up to 14 feet ( 4.5 meters ) in length , although 8.2 feet ( 2.5 meters ) is more the average .
They are also among the fastest snakes in the world , slithering at speeds of up to 12.5 miles per hour ( 20 kilometers per hour ) .
A black mamba family was observed on the banks of the Limpopo River .
There were three mambas , each about 2,5 meters long , occupying a heap of large creeper - covered boulders near a river bank .
Sugar birds would hover near the creeper , virtually motionless despite their whirring wings as they gathered nectar , pursuing one another in swift , darting flight , seemingly unaware of the snakes .
Black Mamba Snake Description
Adult Black mamba snakes have an average length of 2.5 metres ( 8.2 feet ) and a maximum length of 4.5 metres ( 14 feet ) .
The Black mamba snake receives it ’s name from the black colouration inside of it ’s mouth , rather than their skin colour which is a grey to olive tone .
The Black mamba snake is the fastest moving snake in the world , capable of moving up to 20 km/h ( 12.5 mph ) .
However it uses this speed to evade danger , rather than catch prey .
Behavior
A single bite from a Black Mamba may inject enough venom to kill 20 - 40 grown men , easily killing one unless the appropriate anti-venom is administered in time .
When cornered , they will readily attack .
When in the striking position , the mamba flattens its neck , hisses very loudly and displays its inky black mouth and deadly fangs .
Habitat
Black mambas can be found generally in Eastern Africa , from southern Ethiopia to southwest Africa .
They prefer the open areas and will settle in spots such as savannahs , rocky areas and open woodlands .
They will settle down in the same spot nightly and tend to be diurnal or day hunters .
They like to occupy empty termite mounds , rocky crevices , burrows and hollow trees .
Breeding
This takes place in spring and early summer .
Males may travel long distances looking for females .
After mating , the snakes return to their own holes .
Females lay between 10 and 25 eggs , usually in decaying vegetation .
The decomposition of the vegetation gives off heat , which helps to warm the eggs and speed up hatching time .
The shells of the eggs allow water and oxygen to reach the developing embryos .
source : here
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The cast of hit sci - fi comedy Red Dwarf are to reunite for a new two - part storyline which will see them finally return to Earth .
Red Dwarf : Back to Earth will air on UKTV digital channel Dave over the Easter weekend .
It will sit alongside two further new episodes – the improvised Red Dwarf : Unplugged , which will feature the cast dealing with no sets , effects or autocue , and Red Dwarf : the Making of Back to Earth , a behind the scenes look at the new production .
The new two - parter will begin a decade on from when the crew of the Red Dwarf were last seen , with a " shock development " throwing Rimmer , Lister , Cat and Kryten back to Earth .
Chris Barrie will return as Rimmer , Craig Charles as Lister , Danny John - Jules as Cat and Robert Llewellyn as Kryten , with the new storyline written and directed by Red Dwarf co-creator Doug Naylor .
Filming of the new episodes begins next month .
Red Dwarf originally launched on BBC2 in 1988 and went on to air for eight series and 52 episodes , as well as a number of specials .
The new episodes are Dave 's biggest commission yet and its first foray into scripted comedy .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Publication date 1988 Topics zionism , mideast , antisemitism Publisher Gengis Khan Publishers , Collection folkscanomy_politics ; folkscanomy ; additional_collections Language English
Fromm AAARGH catalog :
The rabbi tells the story of the most monstuous political project of the nineteenth century .
The author is a devoted supporter of the rightist fringes of the Zionist movement , those who think that Sharon is sold to the Arabs !
He compiled with a great care all the proposals , coming from all political sides , to empty Palestine of its native population .
It appears that all and every Zionist had one and only one dream : to kick the Arabs out , and preferably dump them in Iraq .
It also appears that if Zionist could not achieve their goal , it was due to the resistance and the resilience of the Palestinians , who started to actively oppose Zionist projects in 1936 .
Zionism is , in its essence , a crime , but an unfinished crime .
Its only goal is to destroy others , non-Jews .
This is the most important genocidal project of the passed century .
Addeddate 2007-08-18 22:05:28 Identifier AHistoricalSurveyOfProposalsToTransferArabsFromPalestine1895-1947
Identifier - ark ark :/13960/t9959g53 p Ocr ABBYY FineReader 8.0 Ppi 300 Year 1988
While children look up to and aspire to be like a positive family member or peer , they are more likely to imitate traits of other role models — including negative role models , which can lead to behavioral problems , according to a Kansas State University researcher .
Brenda McDaniel , assistant professor of psychology at K - State , worked with colleagues at Oklahoma State University - Tulsa to study the relationship of moral traits shared by youths and their role models to find predictors of outcomes like youth conduct problems .
“ Understanding the relationship between youths ’ view of self , youths ’ view of role models and youths ’ behavioral and psychological outcomes provides the knowledge to foster healthy , successful youth , ” McDaniel said .
The researchers surveyed 30 boys and girls , ages 7 to 14 , from Boys and Girls clubs in Manhattan and in Tulsa , Okla .
McDaniel said all of the participants in the study were categorized as having a lower socioeconomic status , lower academic outcomes and being at - risk .
The study asked students who they considered to be their role models or wanted to be like , and who they considered to be their anti-role models or did n’t want to be like .
Students rated their choices and themselves on 10 sets of moral constructs using a five - point scale , like being unfair versus fair and forgiving versus not forgiving .
The youths also measured themselves on their pro-social behavior and relational aggression , and provided parenting styles experienced in their home .
Though the youths reported their ideal selves being most like a positive family member and a positive peer , results showed students were most similar to a positive adult outside the family .
This provides support for programs such as Big Brothers Big Sisters where an adult outside the home spends time with the youth , McDaniel said .
The researchers also found that negative family members are a strong influence on the moral traits of youths .
McDaniel said children who in actuality were more like a family member they did n’t want to be like had higher reports of relational aggression and also received higher forms of corporal punishment in the home , such as spanking .
“ Youths ’ inability to incorporate positive role model behaviors into their self - concept relates to youth conduct problems , such as acting out and starting fights , ” McDaniel said .
“ Positive parenting and mother involvement seem to be key components , which aid this ability . ”
The researchers also found that immoral traits , like lying and being unfriendly , shared between youths and all role models was significantly predictive of youth witnessing anti-social behaviors in their neighborhood , such as vandalism .
In addition , the youths were asked to name a celebrity they look up to , but the researchers found that the famous individuals had little influence on the youths ’ moral traits .
The study was funded by the Oklahoma Agricultural Experiment Station .
McDaniel said future research includes laboratory - site studies where interaction between youth and a role model will be recorded and coded for important information , such as interpersonal emotional exchange and physiological stress levels .
McDaniel ’s colleagues for the project are Amanda Sheffield Morris , associate professor of human development and family science and Benjamin Houltberg , a doctoral student in human development and family science , both at Oklahoma State University - Tulsa .
Via Physorg.com
Imagine a shift in the Earth so profound that it could force our entire planet to spin on its side after a few million years , tilting it so far that Alaska would sit at the equator .
Princeton scientists have now provided the first compelling evidence that this kind of major shift may have happened in our world 's distant past .
By analyzing the magnetic composition of ancient sediments found in the remote Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard , Princeton University 's Adam Maloof has lent credence to a 140 - year - old theory regarding the way the Earth might restore its own balance if an unequal distribution of weight ever developed in its interior or on its surface .
The theory , known as true polar wander , postulates that if an object of sufficient weight -- such as a supersized volcano -- ever formed far from the equator , the force of the planet 's rotation would gradually pull the heavy object away from the axis the Earth spins around .
If the volcanoes , land and other masses that exist within the spinning Earth ever became sufficiently imbalanced , the planet would tilt and rotate itself until this extra weight was relocated to a point along the equator .
" The sediments we have recovered from Norway offer the first good evidence that a true polar wander event happened about 800 million years ago , " said Maloof , an assistant professor of geosciences .
" If we can find good corroborating evidence from other parts of the world as well , we will have a very good idea that our planet is capable of this sort of dramatic change . "
Maloof 's team , which includes researchers from Harvard University , the California Institute of Technology and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as well as Princeton , will publish their findings in the Geological Society of America Bulletin on Friday , Aug. 25 .
True polar wander is different from the more familiar idea of " continental drift , " which is the inchwise movement of individual continents relative to one another across the Earth 's surface .
Polar wander can tip the entire planet on its side at a rate of perhaps several meters per year , about 10 to 100 times as fast as the continents drift due to plate tectonics .
Though the poles themselves would still point in the same direction with respect to the solar system , the process could conceivably shift entire continents from the tropics to the Arctic , or vice versa , within a relatively brief geological time span .
While the idea that the continents are slowly moving in relation to one another is a well - known concept , the less familiar theory of true polar wander has been around since the mid-19th century , several decades before continental drift was ever proposed .
But when the continents were proven to be moving under the influence of plate tectonics in the 1960s , it explained so many dynamic processes in the Earth 's surface so well that true polar wander became an obscure subject .
" Planetary scientists still talk about polar wander for other worlds , such as Mars , where a massive buildup of volcanic rock called Tharsis sits at the Martian equator , " Maloof said .
" But because Earth 's surface is constantly changing as the continents move and ocean crustal plates slide over and under one another , it 's more difficult to find evidence of our planet twisting hundreds of millions of years ago , as Mars likely did while it was still geologically active . "
However , the sediments that the team studied in Svalbard from 1999 to 2005 may have provided just such long - sought evidence .
It is well known that when rock particles are sinking to the ocean floor to form layers of new sediment , tiny magnetic grains within the particles align themselves with the magnetic lines of the Earth .
Once this rock hardens , it becomes a reliable record of the direction the Earth 's magnetic field was pointing at the time of the rock 's formation .
So , if a rock has been spun around by a dramatic geological event , its magnetic field will have an apparently anomalous orientation that geophysicists like those on Maloof 's team seek to explain .
" We found just such anomalies in the Svalbard sediments , " Maloof said .
" We made every effort to find another reason for the anomalies , such as a rapid rotation of the individual crustal plate the islands rest upon , but none of the alternatives makes as much sense as a true polar wander event when taken in the context of geochemical and sea level data from the same rocks . "
The findings , he said , could possibly explain odd changes in ocean chemistry that occurred about 800 million years ago .
Other similar changes in the ocean have cropped up in ancient times , Maloof said , but at these other times scientists know that an ice age was to blame .
" Scientists have found no evidence for an ice age occurring 800 million years ago , and the change in the ocean at this juncture remains one of the great mysteries in the ancient history of our planet , " he said .
" But if all the continents were suddenly flipped around and their rivers began carrying water and nutrients into the tropics instead of the Arctic , for example , it could produce the mysterious geochemical changes science has been trying to explain . "
Because the team obtained all its data from the islands of Svalbard , Maloof said their next priority would be to seek corroborating evidence within sediments of similar age from elsewhere on the planet .
This is difficult , Maloof said , because most 800 - million - year - old rocks have long since disappeared .
Because the Earth 's crustal plates slide under one another over time , they take most of geological history back into the planet 's deep interior .
However , Maloof said , a site his team has located in Australia looks promising .
" We can not be certain of these findings until we find similar patterns in rock chemistry and magnetics on other continents , " Maloof said .
" Rocks of the same age are preserved in the Australian interior , so we 'll be visiting the site over the next two years to look for additional evidence .
If we find some , we 'll be far more confident about this theory 's validity . "
Maloof said that true polar wander was most likely to occur when the Earth 's landmasses were fused together to form a single supercontinent , something that has happened at least twice in the distant past .
But he said we should not worry about the planet going through a major shift again any time soon .
" If a true polar wander event has occurred in our planet 's history , it 's likely been when the continents formed a single mass on one side of the Earth , " he said .
" We do n't expect there to be another event in the foreseeable future , though .
The Earth 's surface is pretty well balanced today . "
Source : Princeton University
Explore further A 70 degree shift on Jupiter 's icy moon Europa was the last event to fracture its surface
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 's radio show As it Happens did a great job covering the new British law that makes it a crime to take a picture of a police officer or a building , where that picture might be useful in " planning an act of terrorism . "
First , they interviewed Peter Murray , Vice - President of the National Union of Journalists , who , predictably , worries that his members will find themselves with arrest - records as terrorists for violating the law .
But then , they talked to Peter Smyth , Chairman of the Metropolitan Police Federation , who also thinks the law is ridiculous — and this is just stupendous .
Smyth says that there 's no evidence that terrorists use photographs to plan attacks , admits that this is an invitation for scared officers to abuse the law , and says that it will needlessly create conflict with journalists and the public .
The program tried to locate someone — anyone — who supported the law , but no one was forthcoming .
FEB 16 , 2009 – As It Happens
MP3 link
My photos from the National Union of Journalists demonstration at New Scotland Yard
pyquery : a jquery - like library for python
pyquery allows you to make jquery queries on xml documents .
The API is as much as possible the similar to jquery .
pyquery uses lxml for fast xml and html manipulation .
This is not ( or at least not yet ) a library to produce or interact with javascript code .
I just liked the jquery API and I missed it in python so I told myself “ Hey let ’s make jquery in python ” .
This is the result .
The project is being actively developped on a git repository on Github .
I have the policy of giving push access to anyone who wants it and then to review what they do .
So if you want to contribute just email me .
Please report bugs on the github issue tracker .
I ’ve spent hours maintaining this software , with love .
Please consider tiping if you like it :
BTC : 1PruQAwByDndFZ7vTeJhyWefAghaZx9RZg
ETH : 0xb6418036d8E06c60C4D91c17d72Df6e1e5b15CE6
LTC : LY6CdZcDbxnBX9GFBJ45TqVj8NykBBqsmT
The debate has a huge way to go , but the campaign for ISPs to act as proper partners in helping protect intellectual property is making progress .
Seven out of ten ( 72 % ) UK music consumers would stop illegally downloading if told to do so by their ISP ( Entertainment Media Research , 2008 )
Seven out of ten ( 74 % ) French consumers agree internet account disconnection is a better approach than fines and criminal sanctions ( IPSOS , France , May 2008 )
Eight out of ten ( 82 % ) American teenagers familiar with the law think sanctions for illegal downloading are appropriate ; 57 per cent of those unfamiliar with the law agree ( KRC US , January 2008 )
90 per cent of consumers would stop illegally file - sharing after two warnings from their ISP ( IPSOS , France , May 2008 )
Music companies ’ digital revenues internationally grew by an estimated 25 per cent in 2008 to US $ 3.7 billion .
Digital platforms now account for around 20 per cent of recorded music sales , up from 15 per cent in 2007 .
The continued growth in digital sales has helped slow down the rate of decline in the overall market for recorded music .
Single track downloads , up 24 per cent in 2008 to 1.4 billion units globally , continue to drive the online market , but digital albums are also growing healthily ( up 37 % ) .
The top - selling digital single of 2008 was Lil Wayne ’s Lollipop .
The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) has released its report on Digital Music 2009 .
According to the report ( . PDF ) .
It concludes that despite initiatives by the music industry , 95 % of music downloads continue to be illegal .
Yes , the IFPI , or as it's known , the global version of the RIAA , says that 40 billion songs were illegally downloaded in 2008 , and the report goes on to state that :
Yes , they 're talking about " three strikes rules " the E.U. , France , and now the RIAA are considering / embracing .
Nothing like really , really , bad news to push your initiatives through , after all .
They call the system " graduated response , " and list the following statistics : Still , it 's hard to believe that 95 % figure .
The majority of people hardly understand P2P , or want to participate in what many consider immoral as well as illegal , after all .
Happily for the industry , though , according to the report , Pretty impressive growth despite the piracy .
Also , unlike the RIAA , the IFPI does not consider every download to be a lost sale .
Rather , they consider about 10 % of the downloads to be lost sales , meaning that rather than 40 billion songs , only 4 billion song sales were lost , assuming , of course , the IFPI 's unsubstantiated numbers are correct .
Here 's where what Valve 's Jason Holtman said at the Game Business Law summit at SMU 's law school last week strikes a chord .
He said that " Pirates are underserved customers . "
And that makes sense : quite a few people pirate games because of overpriced schlock and DRM .
The same might apply to music .
After all , the music industry , despite all the cheering from the IFPI , really still does n't get the digital age .
As the study states , the industry ( and music retailers like iTunes ) is finally , finally getting that people hate DRM .
Serve the customers well , with DRM - less music , better pricing , and there 'll be less piracy , so the theory goes .
We 'll see , though hopefully we 'll see more independent studies rather than industry - funded ones .
Antiwar groups and other liberal activists are increasingly concerned at signs that Barack Obama ’s national security team will be dominated by appointees who favored the Iraq invasion and hold hawkish views on other important foreign policy issues .
The activists are uneasy not only about signs that both Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton ( D - N.Y. ) and Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates could be in the Obama Cabinet , but at reports suggesting that several other short - list candidates for top security posts backed the decision to go to war .
“ Obama ran his campaign around the idea the war was not legitimate , but it sends a very different message when you bring in people who supported the war from the beginning , ” said Kelly Dougherty , executive director of the 54 - chapter Iraq Veterans Against the War .
The activists -- key members of the coalition that propelled Obama to the White House -- fear he is drifting from the antiwar moorings of his once - longshot presidential candidacy .
Obama has eased the rigid timetable he had set for withdrawing troops from Iraq , and he appears to be leaning toward the center in his candidates to fill key national security posts .
Advertisement
The president - elect has told some Democrats that he expects to take heat from parts of his political base but will not be deterred by it .
Aside from Clinton and Gates , the roster of possible Cabinet secretaries has included Sens. John F. Kerry ( D - Mass . ) and Richard G. Lugar ( R - Ind. ) , who both voted in 2002 for the resolution authorizing President Bush to invade Iraq , though Lugar has since said he regretted it .
“ It ’s astonishing that not one of the 23 senators or 133 House members who voted against the war is in the mix , ” said Sam Husseini of the liberal group Institute for Public Accuracy .
Clinton , who was Obama ’s chief opponent during the Democratic presidential primaries , appears to be the top candidate for secretary of State in his administration .
Speculation about Clinton has dismayed some liberal activists but has cheered some conservatives such as former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger and editor William Kristol of the Weekly Standard .
Advertisement
Clinton voted in favor of the Iraq war resolution , and despite pressure , she never said during the primary campaign that she regretted that vote .
She also favored legislation last year to support the designation of Iran ’s Revolutionary Guard Corps as a terrorist organization , another decision that pleased conservatives .
In a move to advance her candidacy , Clinton ’s husband , former President Clinton , has agreed to take steps to avoid conflicts of interest posed by his far - flung financial dealings , Democrats close to the discussions said Wednesday .
Bill Clinton has agreed to check with the Obama administration before giving a paid speech .
He also has agreed to disclose the sources of new contributions to his charitable enterprise , the William J. Clinton Foundation , those close to the matter said on condition of anonymity .
He also is trying to devise a way to share the identity of past donors , a touchy matter because some contributors do not want their identities divulged , said one Democrat .
Advertisement
Knowledgeable Democrats say that Gates is under consideration to remain in his post for at least several months even though he frequently has said he wants to return to private life when the Bush administration leaves office .
Activists note that Vice President - elect Joe Biden , also expected to be a leading voice in the new administration ’s foreign policy , voted for the 2002 war resolution .
Another possible contender for the diplomatic post , former U.S. diplomat Richard C. Holbrooke , also backed the Iraq invasion .
Kevin Martin , executive director of the group Peace Action , said that although Obama had campaigned as an agent of change , the president - elect is “ a fairly centrist guy ” who appears to be choosing from the Democratic foreign policy establishment -- “ and nobody from outside it . ”
Advertisement
“ So , in the short term , we ’re going to be disappointed , ” he said .
“ They may turn out to be all pro-war , or at least people who were pro-war in the beginning . ”
Martin said that his group was concerned about Gates and Clinton as well as Rahm Emanuel , Obama ’s choice for White House chief of staff .
He also said his group was trying to mobilize its grass - roots supporters with e-mail alerts , but recognized that it must approach the subject delicately because of public euphoria over Obama ’s historic victory .
“ There ’s so much Obama hero worship , we ’re having to walk this line where we ca n’t directly criticize him , ” he said .
“ But we are expressing concern . ”
Peace Action urged in a letter for its members to speak up because “ we can be sure that the Obama team is under pressure to dial back plans to withdraw from Iraq . ”
Advertisement
Despite concerns , some groups are trying to remain conciliatory .
Tom Andrews , national director of Win Without War , said that although he finds Sen.
Clinton ’s views “ very troubling , ” Obama should be given the benefit of the doubt .
“ I take him at his word that he is committed to ending the occupation of Iraq in 16 months and that he ’s going to assemble a team that ’s committed to that goal , ” Andrews said .
Obama campaigned on a promise to remove all combat troops from Iraq in 16 months , or roughly one brigade a month .
Advertisement
Since winning the White House , Obama has affirmed his pledge to remove the troops but has left himself some flexibility on the withdrawal timetable .
In an appearance on CBS ’ “ 60 Minutes ” on Sunday , Obama promised a troop pullback but described it in broad terms .
“ I ’ve said during the campaign , and I ’ve stuck to this commitment , that as soon as I take office , I will call in the Joint Chiefs of Staff , my national security apparatus , and we will start executing a plan that draws down our troops , ” the president - elect said .
--
Advertisement
paul.richter@latimes.com
Times staff writer Peter Nicholas in Washington contributed to this article .
Bienvenue sur Habitudes Zen !
Si vous êtes nouveau ici , vous voudrez sans doute lire le livre " Zen et Heureux " pour moins de stress et plus de bonheur dans votre vie 🙂 : cliquez ici pour télécharger le livre gratuitement ! 🙂
Bienvenue à nouveau sur Habitudes Zen !
Comme ce n'est pas la première fois que vous visitez le blog , vous voudrez sans doute lire le livre " Zen et Heureux " pour moins de stress et plus de bonheur dans votre vie 🙂 : cliquez ici pour télécharger le livre gratuitement ! 🙂
Les derniers jours ont été dingues pour moi .
Mes journées étaient remplies d’activités , de réunions , de personnes venant me voir , de centaines de mails , d’appels téléphoniques , de messages vocaux et de projets qui s’enchaînaient les uns après les autres .
Je suis en général capable de rester calme et de me concentrer même au plus fort de la tempête , mais les deux derniers jours ont poussés mes capacités dans leur retranchement .
Je suis resté calme , mais le niveau de stress était bien plus haut que d’habitude .
Après tout cela , j’avais besoin de décompresser .
Donc aujourd ’hui c’est un jour de décompression pour moi .
J’ai un certain nombre de méthodes testées et éprouvées , et je dois le dire , dans les dernières 24 heures , mon niveau de stress a fortement chuté .
Voici ce qui fonctionne pour moi :
Respiration profonde .
Prenez une grande inspiration .
Retenez la .
Maintenant laissez la filer … lentement .
Essayez de compter jusqu’à 10 pendant que vous expirez .
Sentez la tension et le stress qui s’échappent en dehors de vous avec votre respiration .
Répétez de 3 à 10 fois , autant que nécessaire .
Auto - massage .
J’aime masser mes épaules , mon cou , ma tête et le bas de mon dos .
Cela aide beaucoup .
Encore mieux : demandez à votre chéri(e ) de le faire pour vous !
Une autre grande technique de relaxation est de tendre puis relâcher chaque muscle de votre corps , un à la fois , en commençant par les orteils et en finissant par votre tête .
Marchez .
Quand je suis au paroxysme du stress , j’aime prendre 5 minutes et faire une promenade autour du bâtiment .
Je pratique en même temps la respiration profonde et l’auto - massage mentionnés plus haut .
C’est un excellent moyen d’évacuer la tension et de vous reconcentrer .
De l’exercice physique .
Ce matin , je suis allé à la plage à 5H30 et je suis allé nager .
La plage était magnifique alors que le soleil se levait , et la nage était revigorante .
Hier j’ai fait une promenade à vélo , et le matin d’avant j’ai fait un court mais rafraîchissant jogging .
Demain je pense que je ferai un autre court jogging .
Cela évacue vraiment le stress et vous procure des moments calmes pour réfléchir pendant que vous faites du sport .
Sortez .
Même si je n’avais pas été nager , le fait juste d’être à la plage , avec mon café , était relaxant .
C’est génial de se connecter avec la nature et de profiter de la beauté qui est autour de vous .
Pendant que vous êtes là , étirez - vous , bâillez , prenez des inspirations profondes , et appréciez .
Sexe .
Un des meilleurs de tous les temps .
Cela fonctionne comme un charme .
Sérieusement .
C’est probablement le meilleur de la liste ( Désolé , maman ) .
Prenez un jour de congé .
C’est ce que je fais aujourd ’hui .
Je vais juste me reposer et m’autoriser à me calmer et me recentrer .
Méditez .
Vous n’avez pas besoin d’être entraîné pour faire une courte et relaxante séance de méditation .
Asseyez - vous juste dans un endroit calme , fermez vos yeux , relaxez - vous , et concentrez - vous sur votre respiration .
Essayez de vous concentrer sur l’air qui entre dans votre corps , et ensuite ressort .
Quand d’autres choses surgissent dans votre esprit ( elles le feront , inévitablement ) , acceptez - les juste ( n’essayez pas de les forcer à partir ) et autorisez - les à partir , et ensuite reconcentrez - vous sur votre respiration .
Faites - le aussi longtemps que vous le pouvez , et ensuite prenez quelques respirations pour vous nettoyer , et relevez - vous comme une nouvelle personne .
Lisez .
J’aime me jeter sur le canapé avec un bon livre .
Enfin , pas nécessairement un bon livre – plutôt un livre captivant .
Quelque chose dans lequel je vais me plonger complètement , faire sortir de ma tête tout le reste .
Josh Grisham fonctionne bien pour moi , tout comme William Gibson .
Et Terry Pratchett .
Ou Ann Patchett , pour ce que ça importe .
Et Stephen King .
Perdez - vous juste dans leur monde .
Aimez .
J’aime passer du temps avec mes enfants et ma femme .
Faites juste des câlins avec eux , focalisez - vous sur eux , oubliez le reste du monde .
Ils sont ce qu’il y a de plus important , et parfois j’ai besoin de m’en rappeler .
Déconnectez .
Éteignez les téléphones , éteignez l’ordinateur , et éteignez le monde extérieur pour un petit moment .
Ces choses augmentent juste votre niveau de stress .
Soyez offline et oubliez le monde online !
Vous pouvez le faire !
A part pour Habitudes Zen .
C’est le seul blog que vous êtes autorisé à lire quand vous décompressez .
Faites une sieste .
Un de mes favoris .
Prenez juste une sieste de 30 minutes , et vous avez redémarré !
Une sieste est comme un bouton reset pour la vie .
Quels sont vos manières favorites de décompresser après un jour stressant ?
Faites - le nous savoir dans les commentaires .
Article original par Léo Babauta sur Zen Habits .
Recherches utilisées pour trouver cet article :
Enregistrer WhatsApp 97 Partages
Articles similaires
comment décompresser , méthode pour déstresser , besoin de decompresser , technique pour destresser , technique de destress , techniques pour destresser , technique déstresser , beaucoup de stress
The now famous " Lizard People " ballot was judged yesterday .
Norm Coleman 's challenge was duly rejected , and the Lizard People went to Al Franken .
Thanks to the great work of the people at The Uptake we now have this moment recorded for posterity .
Live -- and strangely compelling -- streaming video is available at their site .
As of this writing , Al Franken has a lead of 128 votes .
Caveat though :
That does n't include withdrawn challenges or the improperly rejected absentee ballots .
Review of challenged ballots in the recount for the MN seat for US Senate brings some welcome comic relief in the name of write - in candidates on challenged ballots : Lizard People and Flying Spaghetti Monster , with a little Frankenstin [ sic ] for good measure .
Edit : Actually , Lizard People ended up being recorded as an " overvote " , while Flying Spaghetti Monster and Frankenstin were recorded for Franken .
Space ... is big .
Really big .
You just wo n't believe how vastly hugely mindbogglingly big it is ...
Once you do know what the question actually is , you 'll know what the answer means ...
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams — eventually continued by Eoin Colfer after Douglas ' death — started as a comedy radio play on the BBC in 1978 and expanded into a TV series , a series of novels , and a feature film .
The story follows the adventures of Arthur Dent , the last human who hitched a ride off Earth moments before it was destroyed to make way for a hyperspace bypass .
Hitchhiker 's Guide has already supplanted the great Encyclopaedia Galactica as the standard repository of In many of the more relaxed civilizations on the Outer Eastern Rim of the Galaxy , thehas already supplanted the greatas the standard repository of all knowledge and wisdom ...
Introduction [ edit ]
This planet has — or rather had — a problem , which was this : most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much all of the time
This planet has — or rather had — a problem , which was this : most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much all of the time .
Many solutions were suggested for this problem , but most of these were largely concerned with the movement of small green pieces of paper , which was odd because on the whole it was n't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy .
Many were increasingly of the opinion that they 'd all made a big mistake in coming down from the trees in the first place .
And some said that even the trees had been a bad move , and that no one should ever have left the oceans .
In many of the more relaxed civilizations on the Outer Eastern Rim of the Galaxy , the Hitchhiker 's Guide has already supplanted the great Encyclopaedia Galactica as the standard repository of all knowledge and wisdom , for though it has many omissions and contains much that is apocryphal , or at least wildly inaccurate , it scores over the older , more pedestrian work in two important respects .
First , it is slightly cheaper ; and secondly it has the words DON'T PANIC inscribed in large friendly letters on its cover .
Chapter 1 [ edit ]
“ First I ’ve heard of it , ” said Arthur , “ why ’s it got to be built ? ”
Mr. Prosser shook his finger at him for a bit , then stopped and put it away again .
“ What do you mean , why ’s it got to be built ? ” he said .
“ It ’s a bypass .
You ’ve got to build bypasses . ”
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast .
People living at point C , being a point directly in between , are often to wonder what ’s so great about point A that so many people from point B are so keen to get there , and what ’s so great about point B that so many people from point A are so keen to get there .
They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be .
Have you any idea how much damage that bulldozer would suffer if I just let it roll straight over you ?
" But the plans were on display . . . "
" On display ?
I eventually had to go down to the cellar to find them . "
" That 's the display department . "
" With a torch . "
" Ah , well the lights had probably gone . "
" So had the stairs . "
" But look , you found the notice , did n't you ? "
" Yes , " said Arthur , " yes I did .
It was on display in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying Beware of the Leopard . "
" Some factual information for you .
Have you any idea how much damage that bulldozer would suffer if I just let it roll straight over you ? "
" How much ? " said Arthur .
" None at all , " said Mr. Prosser .
" The mere thought , " growled Mr. Prosser , " had n't even begun to speculate , " he continued , settling himself back , " about the merest possibility of crossing my mind . "
Chapter 2 [ edit ]
[ The Guide ] says that the best drink in existence is the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster .
It says that the effect of a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster is like having your brains smashed out by a slice of lemon wrapped round a large gold brick .
" Time is an illusion .
Lunchtime doubly so . "
" Very deep , " said Arthur , " you should send that in to the Reader 's Digest .
They 've got a page for people like you . "
" " Very deep , " said Arthur , " you should send that in to the They 've got a page for people like you . "
" This must be Thursday , " said Arthur to himself , sinking low over his beer , " I never could get the hang of Thursdays . "
Chapter 3 [ edit ]
A towel ... is about the most massively useful thing an interstellar hitch hiker can have
Any man that can hitch the length and breadth of the Galaxy , rough it , slum it , struggle against terrible odds , win through and still know where his towel is , is clearly a man to be reckoned with .
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on the subject of towels .
A towel , it says , is about the most massively useful thing an interstellar hitch hiker can have .
Partly it has great practical value — you can wrap it around you for warmth as you bound across the cold moons of Jaglan Beta ; you can lie on it on the brilliant marble ‐sanded beaches of Santraginus V , inhaling the heady sea vapours ; you can sleep under it beneath the stars which shine so redly on the desert world of Kakrafoon ; use it to sail a mini raft down the slow heavy river Moth ; wet it for use in hand ‐to ‐hand ‐combat ; wrap it round your head to ward off noxious fumes or to avoid the gaze of the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal ( a mindbogglingly stupid animal , it assumes that if you can't see it , it ca n't see you — daft as a brush , but very ravenous ) ; you can wave your towel in emergencies as a distress signal , and of course dry yourself off with it if it still seems to be clean enough .
More importantly , a towel has immense psychological value .
For some reason , if a strag ( strag : nonhitchhiker ) discovers that a hitchhiker has his towel with him , he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a toothbrush , washcloth , soap , tin of biscuits , flask , compass , map , ball of string , gnat spray , wet - weather gear , space suit etc. , etc .
Furthermore , the strag will then happily lend the hitchhiker any of these or a dozen other items that the hitchhiker might have accidentally " lost . " .
What the strag will think is that any man that can hitch the length and breadth of the Galaxy , rough it , slum it , struggle against terrible odds , win through and still know where his towel is , is clearly a man to be reckoned with .
Hence a phrase that has passed into hitchhiking slang , as in " Hey , you sass that hoopy Ford Prefect ?
There 's a frood who really knows where his towel is . "
( Sass : know , be aware of , meet , have sex with ; hoopy : really together guy ; frood : really amazingly together guy . )
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks do n't .
People of Earth , your attention , please .
This is Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz of the Galactic Hyperspace Planning Council .
As you will no doubt be aware , the plans for development of the outlying regions of the Galaxy require the building of a hyperspatial express route through your star system .
And regrettably , your planet is one of those scheduled for demolition .
The process will take slightly less than two of your Earth minutes .
Thank you .
There ’s no point in acting surprised about it .
All the planning charts and demolition orders have been on display at your local planning department in Alpha Centauri for 50 of your Earth years , so you ’ve had plenty of time to lodge any formal complaint and it ’s far too late to start making a fuss about it now .
...
What do you mean you ’ve never been to Alpha Centauri ?
Oh , for heaven ’s sake , mankind , it ’s only four light years away , you know .
I ’m sorry , but if you ca n’t be bothered to take an interest in local affairs , that ’s your own lookout .
Energize the demolition beams .
I do n't know , apathetic bloody planet , I 've no sympathy at all .
There was a terrible ghastly silence .
There was a terrible ghastly noise .
There was a terrible ghastly silence .
Chapter 4 [ edit ]
It was for the sake of this day that he had first decided to run for the Presidency , a decision which had sent waves of astonishment throughout the Imperial Galaxy — Zaphod Beeblebrox ?
President ?
Not the Zaphod Beeblebrox ?
Not the President ?
Many had seen it as a clinching proof that the whole of known creation had finally gone bananas .
The President is always a controversial choice , always an infuriating but fascinating character .
His job is not to wield power but to draw attention away from it .
Chapter 5 [ edit ]
Oh dear you seem to have fallen down a thirty - foot well , are you alright ?
One of the things Ford Prefect had always found hardest to understand about humans was their habit of continually stating and repeating the very very obvious , as in It 's a nice day , or You 're very tall , or Oh dear you seem to have fallen down a thirty - foot well , are you alright ?
At first Ford had formed a theory to account for this strange behaviour .
If human beings do n't keep exercising their lips , he thought , their mouths probably seize up .
After a few months ' consideration and observation he abandoned this theory in favour of a new one .
If they do n't keep on exercising their lips , he thought , their brains start working .
After a while he abandoned this one as well as being obstructively cynical .
" If I asked you where the hell we were , " said Arthur weakly , " would I regret it ? "
Ford stood up .
" We 're safe , " he said .
" Oh good , " said Arthur .
" We 're in a small galley cabin , " said Ford , " in one of the spaceships of the Vogon Constructor Fleet . "
" Ah , " said Arthur , " this is obviously some strange usage of the word safe that I was n't previously aware of . "
" Vogon Constructor Fleets .
Here is what to do if you want to get a lift from a Vogon : forget it .
They are one of the most unpleasant races in the Galaxy — not actually evil , but bad - tempered , officious and callous .
They would n't even lift a finger to save their own grandmothers from the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal without orders signed in triplicate , sent in , sent back , queried , lost , found , subjected to public inquiry , queried , lost again , and finally buried in soft peat for three months and recycled as firelighters .
" The best way to get a drink out of a Vogon is to stick your finger down his throat , and the best way to irritate him is to feed his grandmother to the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal .
" On no account allow a Vogon to read poetry at you . "
Chapter 6 [ edit ]
" Ask a glass of water . "
" What 's so unpleasant about being drunk ? " " Ask a glass of water . "
" The Babel fish , " said The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy quietly , " is small , yellow and leech - like , and probably the oddest thing in the Universe .
It feeds on brainwave energy received not from its own carrier but from those around it .
It absorbs all unconscious mental frequencies from this brainwave energy to nourish itself with .
It then excretes into the mind of its carrier a telepathic matrix formed by combining the conscious thought frequencies with nerve signals picked up from the speech centres of the brain which has supplied them .
The practical upshot of all this is that if you stick a Babel fish in your ear you can instantly understand anything in any form of language .
The speech patterns you actually hear decode the brainwave matrix which has been fed into your mind by your Babel fish .
" Now it is such a bizarrely improbable coincidence that anything so mindbogglingly useful could have evolved purely by chance that some thinkers have chosen to see it as the final and clinching proof of the non-existence of God .
" The argument goes something like this : ' I refuse to prove that I exist , ' says God , ' for proof denies faith , and without faith I am nothing . '
" ' But , ' says Man , ' the Babel fish is a dead giveaway , is n't it ?
It could not have evolved by chance .
It proves you exist , and so therefore , by your own arguments , you do n't .
QED .'
" ' Oh dear , ' says God , ' I had n't thought of that , ' and promptly vanishes in a puff of logic .
" ' Oh , that was easy , ' says Man , and for an encore goes on to prove that black is white and gets himself killed on the next zebra crossing .
" Most leading theologians claim that this argument is a load of dingo 's kidneys , but that did n't stop Oolon Colluphid making a small fortune when he used it as the central theme of his bestselling book , Well That about Wraps It Up for God .
" Meanwhile , the poor Babel fish , by effectively removing all barriers to communication between different races and cultures , has caused more and bloodier wars than anything else in the history of creation . "
" If you 're a researcher on this book thing and you were on Earth , you must have been gathering material on it . "
" Well , I was able to extend the original entry a bit , yes . "
" Let me see what it says in this edition , then .
I 've got to see it . "
... " What ?
Harmless !
Is that all it 's got to say ?
Harmless !
One word ! ...
Well , for God 's sake I hope you managed to rectify that a bit . "
" Oh yes , well I managed to transmit a new entry off to the editor .
He had to trim it a bit , but it 's still an improvement . "
" And what does it say now ? " asked Arthur .
" Mostly harmless , " admitted Ford with a slightly embarrassed cough .
( Ford ) " you 'd better be prepared for the jump into hyperspace .
It 's unpleasantly like being drunk . "
( Arthur ) " What 's so unpleasant about being drunk ? "
( Ford ) " Ask a glass of water . "
Chapter 7 [ edit ]
I am now a perfectly safe penguin , and my colleague here is rapidly running out of limbs !
" You know , " said Arthur , " it 's at times like this , when I 'm trapped in a Vogon airlock with a man from Betelgeuse , and about to die of asphyxiation in deep space that I really wish I 'd listened to what my mother told me when I was young . "
" Why , what did she tell you ? "
" I do n't know , I did n't listen . "
" This is terrific , " Arthur thought to himself , " Nelson 's Column has gone , McDonald 's have gone , all that 's left is me and the words Mostly harmless .
Any second now all that will be left is Mostly harmless .
And yesterday the planet seemed to be going so well . "
“ I do n’t want to die now !
I ’ve still got a headache !
I do n’t want to go to heaven with a headache , I ’d be all cross and would n’t enjoy it ! ”
Chapter 8 [ edit ]
" Space , " it says , " is big .
Really big .
You just wo n't believe how vastly , hugely , mindbogglingly big it is .
I mean , you may think it 's a long way down the road to the chemist , but that 's just peanuts to space .
Listen ... " and so on .
The fabulously beautiful planet Bethselamin is now so worried about the cumulative erosion by ten billion visiting tourists a year that any net imbalance between the amount you eat and the amount you excrete while on the planet is surgically removed from your body weight when you leave : so every time you go to the lavatory there it is vitally important to get a receipt .
Chapter 9 [ edit ]
Arthur looked up .
" Ford ! " he said , " there 's an infinite number of monkeys outside who want to talk to us about this script for Hamlet they 've worked out . "
" Ford , " he said , " you 're turning into a penguin .
Stop it . "
" But that 's not the point ! " raged Ford " The point is that I am now a perfectly safe penguin , and my colleague here is rapidly running out of limbs ! "
Chapter 10 [ edit ]
... such generators were often used to break the ice at parties by making all the molecules in the hostess 's undergarments leap simultaneously one foot to the left , in accordance with the Theory of Indeterminacy .
Many respectable physicists said that they were n't going to stand for this , partly because it was a debasement of science , but mostly because they did n't get invited to those sorts of parties .
It startled him even more when just after he was awarded the Galactic Institute 's Prize for Extreme Cleverness he got lynched by a rampaging mob of respectable physicists who had finally realized that the one thing they really could n't stand was a smart - ass .
Chapter 11 [ edit ]
" Five to one against and falling ... " she said , " four to one against and falling ... three to one ... two ... one ... probability factor of one to one ... we have normality , I repeat we have normality . "
She turned her microphone off — then turned it back on , with a slight smile and continued : " Anything you still ca n’t cope with is therefore your own problem . "
" I think you ought to know I 'm feeling very depressed , " Marvin said .
He reached out and pressed an invitingly large red button on a nearby panel .
The panel lit up with the words Please do not press this button again .
" All the doors in this spaceship have a cheerful and sunny disposition .
It is their pleasure to open for you , and their satisfaction to close again with the knowledge of a job well done . "
" Come on , " he droned , " I 've been ordered to take you down to the bridge .
Here I am , brain the size of a planet and they ask me to take you down to the bridge .
Call that job satisfaction ?
' Cos I do n't . "
" Sorry , did I say something wrong ? " said Marvin , dragging himself on regardless .
" Pardon me for breathing , which I never do anyway so I do n't know why I bother to say it , oh God I 'm so depressed .
Here 's another one of those self - satisfied doors .
Life !
Do n't talk to me about life . "
Chapter 12 [ edit ]
If there 's anything more important than my ego around , I want it caught and shot right now .
" If there 's anything more important than my ego around , I want it caught and shot now . "
One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just to get people off their guard , pretending to be stupid because he could n't be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him , pretending to be outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually did n't understand what was going on , and really being genuinely stupid .
Chapter 13 [ edit ]
Marvin trudged on down the corridor , still moaning .
" ... and then of course I 've got this terrible pain in all the diodes down my left hand side ... "
" No ? " said Arthur grimly as he walked along beside him .
" Really ? "
" Oh yes , " said Marvin , " I mean I 've asked for them to be replaced but no one ever listens . "
" I can imagine . "
“ Funny , ” he intoned funereally , “ how just when you think life ca n’t possibly get any worse it suddenly does . ”
Chapter 16 [ edit ]
Is n't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too ?
Chapter 17 [ edit ]
He had found a Nutri-Matic machine which had provided him with a plastic cup filled with a liquid that was almost , but not quite , entirely unlike tea .
Chapter 18 [ edit ]
Another thing that got forgotten was the fact that against all probability a sperm whale had suddenly been called into existence several miles above the surface of an alien planet .
And since this is not a naturally tenable position for a whale , this poor innocent creature had very little time to come to terms with its identity as a whale before it then had to come to terms with not being a whale any more .
This is a complete record of its thought from the moment it began its life till the moment it ended it .
Ah . . . !
What 's happening ?
it thought .
Er , excuse me , who am I ? Hello ?
Why am I here ?
What 's my purpose in life ?
What do I mean by who am I ?
Oh no , not again .
Calm down , get a grip now . . . oh!
this is an interesting what is it ?
It 's sort of . . . yawning , tingling sensation in my . . . my . . . well , I suppose I 'd better start finding names for things if I want to make any headway in what for the sake of what I shall call an argument I shall call the world , so let 's call it my stomach .
Good .
Ooooh , it 's getting quite strong .
And hey , what about this whistling roaring sound going past what I 'm suddenly going to call my head ?
Perhaps I can call that . . . wind !
Is that a good name ?
It 'll do . . . perhaps I can find a better name for it later when I 've found out what it 's for .
It must be something very important because there certainly seems to be a hell of a lot of it .
Hey !
What 's this thing ?
This . . . let 's call it a tail – yeah , tail .
Hey !
I can really thrash it about pretty good , ca n't I ? Wow !
Wow !
That feels great !
Does n't seem to achieve very much but I 'll probably find out what it 's for later on .
Now , have I built up any coherent picture of things yet ?
No .
Never mind , hey , this is really exciting , so much to find out about , so much to look forward to , I 'm quite dizzy with anticipation . . .
Or is it the wind ?
There really is a lot of that now , is n't there ?
And wow !
Hey !
What 's this thing suddenly coming toward me very fast ?
Very , very fast .
So big and flat and round , it needs a big wide - sounding name like . . . ow . . . ound . . . round . . . ground !
That 's it !
That 's a good name - ground !
I wonder if it will be friends with me ?
And the rest , after a sudden wet thud , was silence .
Curiously enough , the only thing that went through the mind of the bowl of petunias as it fell was Oh no , not again .
Many people have speculated that if we knew exactly why the bowl of petunias had thought that we would know a lot more about the nature of the Universe than we do now .
Chapter 20 [ edit ]
" Life , " said Marvin dolefully , " loathe it or ignore it , you can't like it . "
Chapter 23 [ edit ]
For instance , on the planet Earth , man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much — the wheel , New York , wars and so on — whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time .
But conversely , the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man — for precisely the same reasons .
The last ever dolphin message was misinterpreted as a surprisingly sophisticated attempt to do a double - backwards - somersault through a hoop whilst whistling the ' Star Spangled Banner ' , but in fact the message was this :
So long , and thanks for all the fish .
Chapter 24 [ edit ]
Looking up into the night sky is looking into infinity — distance is incomprehensible and therefore meaningless .
Chapter 27 [ edit ]
" Forty - two , " said Deep Thought , with infinite majesty and calm ...
" Forty - two , " said Deep Thought , with infinite majesty and calm .
" The Answer to the Great Question , of Life , the Universe and Everything "
Chapter 28 [ edit ]
That quite definitely is the answer .
I think the problem , to be quite honest with you , is that you 've never actually known what the question is .
" I checked it very thoroughly , " said the computer , " and that quite definitely is the answer .
I think the problem , to be quite honest with you , is that you 've never actually known what the question is . "
" But it was the Great Question !
The Ultimate Question of Life , the Universe and Everything , " howled Loonquawl .
" Yes , " said Deep Thought with the air of one who suffers fools gladly , " but what actually is it ? "
A slow stupefied silence crept over the men as they stared at the computer and then at each other .
" Well , you know , it 's just Everything ...
Everything ... " offered Phouchg weakly .
" Exactly ! " said Deep Thought .
" So once you know what the question actually is , you 'll know what the answer means . "
Chapter 30 [ edit ]
" The chances of finding out what really is going on are so absurdly remote that the only thing to do is to say hang the sense of it and keep yourself occupied ...
Look at me : I design coastlines .
I got an award for Norway . "
" I 'd far rather be happy than right any day . "
" And are you ? "
" No , that 's where it all falls down , of course . "
" Pity , " said Arthur with sympathy .
" It sounded like quite a good lifestyle otherwise . "
" Come , " said Slartibartfast , " you are to meet the mice . "
Chapter 34 [ edit ]
The aircar rocketed them at speeds in excess of R17 through the steel tunnels that lead out onto the appalling surface of the planet which was now in the grip of yet another drear morning twilight .
Ghastly grey lights congealed on the land .
R is a velocity measure , defined as a reasonable speed of travel that is consistent with health , mental wellbeing and not being more than say five minutes late .
It is therefore clearly an almost infinitely variable figure according to circumstances , since the first two factors vary not only with speed taken as an absolute , but also with awareness of the third factor .
Unless handled with tranquility this equation can result in considerable stress , ulcers and even death .
R17 is not a fixed velocity , but it is clearly far too fast .
" What 's up ? "
" I do n't know , " said Marvin , " I 've never been there . "
" Simple .
I got very bored and depressed , so I went and plugged myself in to its external computer feed .
I talked to the computer at great length and explained my view of the Universe to it , " said Marvin .
" And what happened ? " pressed Ford .
" It committed suicide , " said Marvin and stalked off back to the Heart of Gold .
Chapter 35 [ edit ]
It said : " The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through three distinct and recognizable phases , those of Survival , Inquiry and Sophistication , otherwise known as the How , Why and Where phases .
" For instance , the first phase is characterized by the question How can we eat ?
the second by the question
Why do we eat ? and the third by the question
Where shall we have lunch ? "
Preface [ edit ]
This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move .
In the beginning the Universe was created .
This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move .
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here , it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable .
There is another theory which states that this has already happened .
Chapter 1 [ edit ]
The story so far :
In the beginning the Universe was created .
This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move .
Chapter 2 [ edit ]
" Share and Enjoy " is the company motto of the hugely successful Sirius Cybernetics Corporation Complaints division , which now covers the major land masses of three medium sized planets and is the only part of the Corporation to have shown a consistent profit in recent years .
The protruding upper halves of the letters now appear , in the local language , to read " Go stick your head in a pig " , and are no longer illuminated , except at times of special celebration .
Chapter 3 [ edit ]
Obviously the subject of death was in the air , but more as something to be avoided than harped upon .
There was an accident with a contraceptive and a time machine .
Now concentrate !
Quite how Zaphod Beeblebrox arrived at the idea of holding a seance at this point is something he was never quite clear on .
Obviously the subject of death was in the air , but more as something to be avoided than harped upon .
Possibly the horror that Zaphod experienced at the prospect of being reunited with his deceased relatives led on to the thought that they might just feel the same way about him and , what 's more , be able to do something about helping to postpone this reunion .
" Concentrate , " hissed Zaphod , " on his name . "
" What is it ? " asked Arthur .
" Zaphod Beeblebrox the Fourth . "
" What ? "
" Zaphod Beeblebrox the Fourth .
Concentrate ! "
" The Fourth ? "
" Yeah .
Listen , I'm Zaphod Beeblebrox , my father was Zaphod Beeblebrox the Second , my grandfather Zaphod Beeblebrox the Third ... "
" What ? "
" There was an accident with a contraceptive and a time machine .
Now concentrate ! "
Chapter 5 [ edit ]
By an equally suspicious freak of temporal relastatics , it is nearly always Saturday afternoon just before the beach bars close .
No adequate explanation for this has been forthcoming from the dominant life forms on Ursa Minor Beta , who spend most of their time attempting to achieve spiritual enlightenment by running round swimming pools , and inviting Investigation Officials from the Galactic Geo-Temporal Control Board to " have a nice diurnal anomaly . "
Chapter 6 [ edit ]
Listen , three eyes !
Do n't you try to outweird me , I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal .
The Guide is definitive .
Reality is frequently inaccurate .
" Well sir , " snapped the fragile little creature , " if you could be a little cool about it ... "
" Look , " said Zaphod .
" I 'm up to here with cool , okay ?
I 'm so amazingly cool you could keep a side of meat in me for a month .
I 'm so hip I have trouble seeing over my pelvis .
Now will you move before I blow it ? "
" Listen , three eyes , " he said , " do n't you try to outweird me , I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal . "
" You are Zaphod Beeblebrox ? " [ the insect ] squeeked .
" Yeah , " said Zaphod , " but do n't shout it out or they 'll all want one . "
" The Zaphod Beeblebrox ? "
" " No , just a Zaphod Beeblebrox ; did n't you hear I come in six packs ? "
" Mr. Beeblebrox , sir , " said the insect in awed wonder , " you 're so weird you should be in movies . "
" Yeah , " said Zaphod patting the thing on a glittering pink wing , " and you , baby , should be in real life . "
" I 'm looking for someone . "
" Who ? " hissed the insect .
" Zaphod Beeblebrox , " said Marvin , " he 's over there . "
The insect shook with rage .
It could hardly speak .
" Then why did you ask me ? "
" I just wanted something to talk to , " said Marvin .
" What ! "
" Pathetic , is n't it ? "
" So , how are you ? " [ Zaphod ] said aloud .
" Oh , fine , " said Marvin , " if you happen to like being me , which personally I do n't . "
" Marvin , " he said , " just get this elevator to go up , will you ?
We 've got to get to Zarniwoop . "
" Why ? " asked Marvin dolefully .
" I do n't know , " said Zaphod , " but when I find him , he 'd better have a very good reason for me wanting to see him . "
" Well , " the [ elevator 's ] voice trickled on like honey on biscuits , " there 's the basement , the microfiles , the heating system ...er... "
It paused .
" Nothing particularly exciting , " it admitted , " but they are alternatives . "
" Holy Zarquon , " muttered Zaphod , " did I ask for an existential elevator ? "
He beat his fists against the wall .
" What 's the matter with the thing ? " he spat .
" It does n't want to go up , " said Marvin simply .
" I think it 's afraid . "
" Afraid ? " cried Zaphod .
" Of what ?
Heights ?
An elevator that 's afraid of heights ? "
" No , " said the elevator miserably , " of the future .... "
" The future ? " exclaimed Zaphod .
" What does the wretched thing want , a pension plan ? "
Modern elevators are strange and complex entities .
The ancient electric winch and " maximum - capacity - eight - persons " jobs bear as much relation to a Sirius Cybernetics Corporation Happy Vertical People Transporter as a packet of mixed nuts does to the entire west wing of the Sirian State Mental Hospital .
This is because they operate on the curious principle of " defocused temporal perception . "
In other words they have the capacity to see dimly into the immediate future , which enables the elevator to be on the right floor to pick you up even before you knew you wanted it , thus eliminating all the tedious chatting , relaxing and making friends that people were previously forced to do while waiting for elevators .
Not unnaturally , many elevators imbued with intelligence and precognition became terribly frustrated with the mindless business of going up and down , up and down , experimented briefly with the notion of going sideways , as a sort of existential protest , demanded participation in the decision - making process and finally took to squatting in basements sulking .
An impoverished hitchhiker visiting any planets in the Sirius star system these days can pick up easy money working as a counselor for neurotic elevators .
Chapter 11 [ edit ]
If life is going to exist in a Universe of this size , then the one thing it cannot afford to have is a sense of proportion ...
The Total Perspective Vortex derives its picture of the whole Universe on the principle of extrapolated matter analyses .
To explain — since every piece of matter in the Universe is in some way affected by every other piece of matter in the Universe , it is in theory possible to extrapolate the whole of creation — every sun , every planet , their orbits , their composition and their economic and social history from , say , one small piece of fairy cake .
The man who invented the Total Perspective Vortex did so basically in order to annoy his wife .
Trin Tragula — for that was his name — was a dreamer , a thinker , a speculative philosopher or , as his wife would have it , an idiot .
And she would nag him incessantly about the utterly inordinate amount of time he spent staring out into space , or mulling over the mechanics of safety pins , or doing spectrographic analyses of pieces of fairy cake .
" Have some sense of proportion ! " she would say , sometimes as often as thirty - eight times in a single day .
And so he built the Total Perspective Vortex — just to show her .
And into one end he plugged the whole of reality as extrapolated from a piece of fairy cake , and into the other end he plugged his wife : so that when he turned it on she saw in one instant the whole infinity of creation and herself in relation to it .
To Trin Tragula 's horror , the shock completely annihilated her brain ; but to his satisfaction he realized that he had proved conclusively that if life is going to exist in a Universe of this size , then the one thing it cannot afford to have is a sense of proportion .
[ Zaphod ] opened the door of the box and stepped in .
Inside the box he waited .
After five seconds there was a click , and the entire Universe was there in the box with him .
Chapter 12 [ edit ]
[ Zaphod ] had seen the whole universe stretching to infinity around him — everything .
And with it had come the clear and extraordinary knowledge that he was the most important thing in it .
Having a conceited ego is one thing .
Being told by a computer is another .
Zaphod finds an airline in the desert and boards
" Delay ? " [ Zaphod ] cried .
" Have you seen the world outside this ship ?
It 's a wasteland , a desert .
Civilization 's been and gone , man .
There are no lemon - soaked paper napkins on the way from anywhere . "
" The statistical likelihood , " continued the autopilot primly , " is that other civilizations will arise .
There will one day be lemon - soaked paper napkins .
Till then there will be a short delay .
Please return to your seat . "
Chapter 15 [ edit ]
Most readers [ of Dr. Dan Streetmentioner 's Time Traveler 's Handbook of 1001 Tense Transformations ] get as far as the Future Semiconditionally Modified Subinverted Plagal Past Subjunctive Intentional before giving up ; and in fact in later editions of the book all pages beyond this point have been left blank to save on printing costs .
Chapter 16 [ edit ]
" Have another drink , " said Trillian .
" Enjoy yourself . "
" Which ? " said Arthur .
" The two are mutually exclusive . "
" Poor Arthur , you 're really not cut out for this life are you ? "
" You call this life ? "
" You 're starting to sound like Marvin . "
" Marvin is the clearest thinker I know . "
Chapter 17 [ edit ]
I am the main Dish of the Day .
May I interest you in parts of my body ?
" Shee , you guys are so unhip it 's a wonder your bums do n't fall off . "
Zaphod
" Maybe somebody here tipped off the Galactic Police , " said Trillian .
" Everyone saw you come in . "
" You mean they want to arrest me over the phone ? " said Zaphod .
" Could be .
I 'm a pretty dangerous dude when I 'm cornered . "
" Yeah , " said the voice from under the table , " you go to pieces so fast people get hit by the shrapnel . "
" But I 'm quite used to being humiliated , " droned Marvin , " I can even go and stick my head in a bucket of water if you like .
Would you like me to go and stick my head in a bucket of water ?
I 've got one ready .
Wait a minute . "
" Er , hey , Marvin ... " interrupted Zaphod , but it was too late .
Sad little clunks and gurgles came up the line .
" What 's he saying ? " asked Trillian .
" Nothing , " said Zaphod , " he just phoned to wash his head at us . "
Chapter 18 [ edit ]
" The first ten million years were the worst , " said Marvin , " and the second ten million years , they were the worst too .
The third ten million years I did n't enjoy at all .
After that I went into a bit of a decline . "
" The best conversation I had was over forty million years ago , " continued Marvin . ...
" And that was with a coffee machine . "
" Amazing - looking ship though .
Looks like a fish , moves like a fish , steers like a cow . "
Ford Prefect
" Well , I wish you 'd just tell me rather than try to engage my enthusiasm , " said Marvin , " because I have n't got one . "
" Er.. . " [ Zarquon ] said , " hello .
Er , look , I 'm sorry I 'm a bit late .
I 've had the most ghastly time , all sorts of things cropping up at the last moment . "
He seemed nervous of the expectant awed hush .
He cleared his throat .
" Er , how are we for time ? " he said , " have I just got a min — "
And so the Universe ended .
Chapter 19 [ edit ]
Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds , so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero .
It is known that there are an infinite number of worlds , simply because there is an infinite amount of space for them to be in .
However , not every one of them is inhabited .
Therefore , there must be a finite number of inhabited worlds .
Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds , so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero .
From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also zero , and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination .
Chapter 20 [ edit ]
The ship was rocking and swaying sickeningly as Ford and Zaphod tried to wrest control from the autopilot .
The engines howled and whined like tired children in a supermarket .
" You mean , " said Arthur , " you mean you can see into my mind ? "
" Yes , " said Marvin .
Arthur stared in astonishment .
" And ...? "
Arthur .
" It amazes me how you can manage to live in anything that small . "
" Ah , " said Arthur , " abuse . "
" Yes , " confirmed Marvin .
Chapter 22 [ edit ]
The trouble with most forms of transport , he thought , is basically one of them not being worth all the bother .
On Earth — when there had been an Earth , before it was demolished to make way for a new hyperspace bypass — the problem had been with cars .
The disadvantages involved in pulling lots of black sticky slime from out of the ground where it had been safely hidden out of harm 's way , turning it into tar to cover the land with , smoke to fill the air with and pouring the rest into the sea , all seemed to outweigh the advantages of being able to get more quickly from one place to another — particularly when the place you arrived at had probably become , as a result of this , very similar to the place you had left , i.e. covered with tar , full of smoke and short of fish .
Chapter 23 [ edit ]
The designer of the gun had clearly not been instructed to beat about the bush .
" Make it evil , " he 'd been told .
" Make it totally clear that this gun has a right end and a wrong end .
Make it totally clear to anyone standing at the wrong end that things are going badly for them .
If that means sticking all sort of spikes and prongs and blackened bits all over it then so be it .
This is not a gun for hanging over the fireplace or sticking in the umbrella stand , it is a gun for going out and making people miserable with . "
Chapter 28 [ edit ]
How can I tell ... that the past is n't a fiction designed to account for the discrepancy between my immediate physical sensations and my state of mind ?
The major problem — one of the major problems , for there are several — one of the many major problems with governing people is that of whom you get to do it ; or rather of who manages to get people to let them do it to them .
To summarise : it is a well known fact that those people who most want to rule people are , ipso facto , those least suited to do it .
To summarise the summary : anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job .
To summarise the summary of the summary : people are a problem .
Chapter 29 [ edit ]
" How can I tell , " said the man , " that the past is n't a fiction designed to account for the discrepancy between my immediate physical sensations and my state of mind ? "
Chapter 32 [ edit ]
Alright , Mr. Wiseguy ... if you 're so clever , you tell us what colour it should be .
" Well , you 're obviously being totally naive of course " , said the girl , " When you 've been in marketing as long as I have , you 'll know that before any new product can be developed it has to be properly researched .
We ’ve got to find out what people want from fire , how they relate to it , what sort of image it has for them . "
The crowd were tense .
They were expecting something wonderful from Ford .
" Stick it up your nose , " he said .
" Which is precisely the sort of thing we need to know , " insisted the girl , " Do people want fire that can be fitted nasally ? "
" And the wheel , " said the Captain , " What about this wheel thingy ?
It sounds a terribly interesting project . "
" Ah , " said the marketing girl , " Well , we 're having a little difficulty there . "
" Difficulty ? " exclaimed Ford .
" Difficulty ?
What do you mean , difficulty ?
It 's the single simplest machine in the entire Universe ! "
The marketing girl soured him with a look .
" Alright , Mr. Wiseguy , " she said , " if you 're so clever , you tell us what colour it should be . "
" If , " [ " the management consultant " ] said tersely , " we could for a moment move on to the subject of fiscal policy ... "
" Fiscal policy ! " whooped Ford Prefect .
“ Fiscal policy ! "
The management consultant gave him a look that only a lungfish could have copied .
" Fiscal policy ... " he repeated , " that is what I said . "
" How can you have money , " demanded Ford , " if none of you actually produces anything ?
It does n't grow on trees you know . "
" If you would allow me to continue .. . "
Ford nodded dejectedly .
" Thank you .
Since we decided a few weeks ago to adopt the leaf as legal tender , we have , of course , all become immensely rich . "
Ford stared in disbelief at the crowd who were murmuring appreciatively at this and greedily fingering the wads of leaves with which their track suits were stuffed .
“ But we have also , ” continued the management consultant , “ run into a small inflation problem on account of the high level of leaf availability , which means that , I gather , the current going rate has something like three deciduous forests buying one ship 's peanut . "
Murmurs of alarm came from the crowd .
The management consultant waved them down .
" So in order to obviate this problem , " he continued , " and effectively revalue the leaf , we are about to embark on a massive defoliation campaign , and ... er , burn down all the forests .
I think you 'll all agree that 's a sensible move under the circumstances . "
The crowd seemed a little uncertain about this for a second or two until someone pointed out how much this would increase the value of the leaves in their pockets whereupon they let out whoops of delight and gave the management consultant a standing ovation .
The accountants among them looked forward to a profitable autumn aloft and it got an appreciative round from the crowd .
The alien ship was already thundering toward the upper reaches of the atmosphere , on its way out into the appalling void that separates the very few things there are in the Universe from one another .
Chapter 1 [ edit ]
As you stare at the clock the hands will move relentlessly on to four o’clock , and you will enter the long dark teatime of the soul .
The regular early morning yell of horror was the sound of Arthur Dent waking up and suddenly remembering where he was .
The alien ship was already thundering toward the upper reaches of the atmosphere , on its way out into the appalling void that separates the very few things there are in the Universe from one another .
In the end , it was the Sunday afternoons he could n't cope with , and that terrible listlessness that starts to set in about 2:55 , when you know you ’ve taken all the baths that you can usefully take that day , that however hard you stare at any given paragraph in the newspaper you will never actually read it , or use the revolutionary new pruning technique it describes , and that as you stare at the clock the hands will move relentlessly on to four o’clock , and you will enter the long dark teatime of the soul .
Chapter 2 [ edit ]
" Africa was very interesting , " said Ford , " I behaved very oddly there . " ... " I took up being cruel to animals , " he said airily .
" But only , " he added , " as a hobby . "
" Oh yes , " said Arthur , warily .
" Yes , " Ford assured him .
" I wo n't disturb you with the details because they would — "
" What ? "
" Disturb you .
But you may be interested to know that I am singlehandedly responsible for the evolved shape of the animal you came to know in later centuries as a giraffe . "
He gazed keenly into the distance and looked as if he would quite like the wind to blow his hair back dramatically at that point , but the wind was busy fooling around with some leaves a little way off .
" I have detected , " he said , " disturbances in the wash . " ...
" The wash ? " said Arthur .
" The space - time wash , " said Ford . ...
Arthur nodded , and then cleared his throat .
" Are we talking about , " he asked cautiously , " some sort of Vogon laundromat , or what are we talking about ? "
" Eddies , " said Ford , " in the space - time continuum . "
" Ah , " nodded Arthur , " is he ?
Is he ? "
He pushed his hands into the pocket of his dressing gown and looked knowledgeably into the distance .
" What ? " said Ford .
" Er , who , " said Arthur , " is Eddy , then , exactly , then ? "
" There ! " said Ford , shooting out his arm .
" There , behind that sofa ! "
Arthur looked .
Much to his surprise , there was a velvet paisley - covered Chesterfield sofa in the field in front of them .
He boggled intelligently at it .
Shrewd questions sprang into his mind .
" Why , " he said , " is there a sofa in that field ? "
" I told you ! " shouted Ford , leaping to his feet .
" Eddies in the space - time continuum ! "
" And this is his sofa , is it ? " asked Arthur , struggling to his feet and , he hoped , though not very optimistically , to his senses .
Chapter 4 [ edit ]
For a moment or two the old man did n't reply .
He was staring at the instruments with the air of one who is trying to convert Fahrenheit to centigrade in his head while his house is burning down .
Chapter 5 [ edit ]
The first nonabsolute number is the number of people for whom the table is reserved .
The first nonabsolute number is the number of people for whom the table is reserved .
This will vary during the course of the first three telephone calls to the restaurant , and then bear no apparent relation to the number of people who actually turn up ...
The second nonabsolute number is the given time of arrival , which is now known to be one of those most bizarre of mathematical concepts , a recipriversexlusion , a number whose existence can only be defined as being anything other than itself .
In other words , the given time of arrival is the one moment of time at which it is impossible that any member of the party will arrive .
the third non-absolute number is the number on the bill , ( and how many people actually have the money to pay it )
Chapter 6 [ edit ]
" My doctor says that I have a malformed public - duty gland and a natural deficiency in moral fibre , " Ford muttered to himself , " and that I am therefore excused from saving Universes . "
Chapter 7 [ edit ]
Several billion trillion tons of superhot exploding hydrogen nuclei rose slowly above the horizon and managed to look small , cold and slightly damp .
There is a moment in every dawn when light floats , there is the possibility of magic .
Creation holds its breath .
The moment passed as it regularly did on Sqornshellous Zeta , without incident .
Very few things actually get manufactured these days , because in an infinitely large Universe such as , for instance , the one in which we live , most things one could possibly imagine , and a lot of things one would rather not , grow somewhere .
" My capacity for happiness , " he added , " you could fit into a matchbox without taking out the matches first . "
— Marvin
" You may not instantly see why I bring the subject up , but that is because my mind works so phenomenally fast , and I am at a rough estimate thirty billion times more intelligent than you .
Let me give you an example .
Think of a number , any number . "
" Er , five , " said the mattress .
" Wrong , " said Marvin .
" You see ? "
The mattress was much impressed by this and realized that it was in the presence of a not unremarkable mind .
" I would like to say that it is a very great pleasure , honour and privilege for me to open this bridge , but I can't because my lying circuits are all out of commission . "
—
Marvin
" Voon , " [ the mattress ] wurfed at last , " and was it a magnificent occasion ? "
" Reasonably magnificent .
The entire thousand - mile - long bridge spontaneously folded up its glittering spans and sank weeping into the mire , taking everybody with it . "
Chapter 9 [ edit ]
The renewed shock had nearly made him spill his drink .
He drained it quickly before anything serious happened to it .
He then had another quick one to follow the first one down and check that it was all right .
" Freedom , " he said aloud .
Trillian came on to the bridge at that point and said several enthusiastic things on the subject of freedom .
" I can't cope with it , " Zaphod said darkly , and sent a third drink down to see why the second had n't yet reported on the condition of the first .
He looked uncertainly at both of her and preferred the one on the right .
He poured a drink down his other throat with the plan that it would head the previous one off at the pass , join forces with it , and together they would get the second to pull itself together .
Then all three would go off in search of the first , give it a good talking to and maybe a bit of a sing as well .
He felt uncertain as to whether the fourth drink had understood all that , so he sent down a fifth to explain the plan more fully and a sixth for moral support .
[ The Guide ] had some advice to offer on drunkenness .
" Go to it , " it said , " and good luck . "
It was cross-referenced to the entry concerning the size of the Universe and the ways of coping with that .
There is an art , it says , or rather , a knack to flying .
The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss .
...
Clearly , it is this second part , the missing , which presents the difficulties .
Do not listen to what anybody says to you at this point because they are unlikely to say anything helpful .
[ Zaphod ] sat up sharply and started to pull clothes on .
He decided that there must be someone in the Universe feeling more wretched , miserable and forsaken than himself , and he determined to set out and find him .
Halfway to the bridge it occurred to him that it might be Marvin , and he returned to bed .
Chapter 12 [ edit ]
On the way back they sang a number of tuneful and reflective songs on the subjects of peace , justice , morality , culture , sport , family life and the obliteration of all other life forms .
Chapter 15 [ edit ]
Time travel is increasingly regarded as a menace .
History is being polluted .
There is , or was , a poet .
His name was Lallafa , and he wrote what are widely regarded throughout the Galaxy as the finest poems in existence , the Songs of the Long Land .
Lallafa had lived in the forests of the Long Lands of Effa .
[ Lallafa ] wrote about a girl who had left him and precisely what he thought about that .
Long after his death his poems were found and wondered over .
News of them spread like morning sunlight .
For centuries they illuminated and watered the lives of many people whose lives might otherwise have been darker and dryer .
Then , shortly after the invention of time travel , some major correcting fluid manufacturers wondered whether his poems might have been better still if he had had access to say a few words to that effect .
They traveled the time waves ; they found him .
They explained the situation -- with some difficulty -- to him , and did indeed persuade him .
In fact they persuaded him to such effect that he became extremely rich at their hands , and the girl about whom he was otherwise destined to write with such precision never got around to leaving him , and in fact they moved out of the forest to a rather nice pad in town and he frequently commuted to the future to do talk shows , on which he sparkled wittily .
[ Lallafa ] never got around to writing the poems , of course , which was a problem , but an easily solved one .
The manufacturers of correcting fluid simply packed him off for a week somewhere with a copy of a later edition of his book and stacks of dried habra leaves to copy them out onto , making the odd deliberate mistake and correction on the way .
Many people now say that the poems are suddenly worthless .
Others argue that they are exactly the same as they always were , so what 's changed ?
Chapter 18 [ edit ]
They obstinately persisted in their absence .
Chapter 24 [ edit ]
It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes .
Chapter 31 [ edit ]
Marvin droned ,
Now the world has gone to bed ,
Darkness do n't engulf my head ,
I can see by infrared ,
How I hate the night .
He paused to gather artistic and emotional strength to tackle the next verse .
Now I lay me down to sleep ,
Try to count electric sheep ,
Sweet dream wishes you can keep ,
How I hate the night .
" That young girl , " Marvin added unexpectedly , " is one of the least benightedly unintelligent organic life forms it has been my profound lack of pleasure not to be able to avoid meeting . "
Chapter 33 [ edit ]
" Excuse me , " [ Arthur ] said , " the Ashes .
I 've got them .
They were stolen by those white robots a moment ago ... what should I do with them ? "
The policeman told him , but Arthur could only assume that he was speaking metaphorically .
He hoped and prayed that there was n't an afterlife .
Then he realized there was a contradiction involved here and merely hoped that there was n't an afterlife .
Chapter 34 [ edit ]
In Relativity , Matter tells Space how to curve , and Space tells Matter how to move .
The Heart of Gold told space to get knotted , and parked itself neatly within the inner steel perimeter of the Argabuthon Chamber of Law .
If a sunbeam had ever managed to slink this far into the justice complex of Argabuthon it would have turned around and slunk straight back out again .
“ I'm afraid , ” he said at last , “ that the Question and the Answer are mutually exclusive .
Knowledge of one logically precludes knowledge of the other .
It is impossible that both can ever be known about the same Universe . ”
" I was n't very impressed with it when I first knew what it was , " he said , " but now I think back to how impressed I was by the Prince 's reason , and how soon afterward I could n't recall it at all , I think it might be a lot more helpful .
Would you like to know what it is ?
Would you ? "
They nodded dumbly .
" I bet you would .
If you 're that interested I suggest you go and look for it .
It is written in thirty - foot - high letters of fire on top of the Quentulus Quazgar Mountains in the land of Sevorbeupstry on the planet Preliumtarn , third out from the sun Zarss in Galactic Sector QQ7 ActiveJ Gamma .
it is guarded by the Lajestic Vantrashell of Lob . "
There was a long silence following this announcement , which was finally broken by Arthur .
" Sorry , it 's where ? " he said .
" It is written , " repeated Prak , " in thirty - foot - high letters of fire on top of the Quentulus Quazgar Mountains in the land of Sevorbeupstry on the planet Preliumtarn , third out from the ... "
" Sorry , " said Arthur again , " which mountains ? "
" The Quentulus Quazgar Mountains in the land of Sevorbeupstry on the planet ... "
" Which land was that ?
I did n't quite catch it . "
" Sevorsbeupstry , on the planet ... "
" Sevorbe what ? "
" Oh , for heaven 's sake , " said Prak , and died testily .
So long , and thanks for all the fish !
Prologue [ edit ]
This time it was right , it would work , and no one would have to get nailed to anything ...
Many were increasingly of the opinion that they 'd all made a big mistake in coming down from the trees in the first place .
And some said that even the trees had been a bad move , and that no one should ever have left the oceans .
And then , one Thursday , nearly two thousand years after one man had been nailed to a tree for saying how great it would be to be nice to people for a change , a girl sitting on her own in a small café in Rickmansworth suddenly realized what it was that had been going wrong all this time , and she finally knew how the world could be made a good and happy place .
This time it was right , it would work , and no one would have to get nailed to anything .
Sadly , however , before she could get to a phone to tell anyone about it , the Earth was unexpectedly demolished to make way for a new hyperspace bypass , and so the idea was lost , seemingly for ever .
This is her story .
Chapter 2 [ edit ]
All the clouds knew was that they loved him and wanted to be near him , to cherish him and to water him .
Eskimos had over two hundred different words for snow , without which their conversation would probably have got very monotonous .
So they would distinguish between thin snow and thick snow , light snow and heavy snow , sludgy snow , brittle snow , snow that came in flurries , snow that came in drifts , snow that came in on the bottom of your neighbor 's boots all over your nice clean igloo floor , the snows of winter , the snows of spring , the snows you remember from your childhood that were so much better than any of your modern snow , fine snow , feathery snow , hill snow , valley snow , snow that falls in the morning , snow that falls at night , snow that falls all of a sudden just when you were going out fishing , and snow that despite all your efforts to train them , the huskies have pissed on .
And as he drove on , the rain clouds dragged down the sky after him for , though he did not know it , Rob McKenna was a Rain God .
All he knew was that his working days were miserable and he had a succession of lousy holidays .
All the clouds knew was that they loved him and wanted to be near him , to cherish him and to water him .
Chapter 3 [ edit ]
The storm had now definitely abated , and what thunder there was now grumbled over more distant hills , like a man saying " And another thing ... " twenty minutes after admitting he 's lost the argument .
Chapter 7 [ edit ]
The moon was out in a watery way .
It looked like a ball of paper from the back pocket of jeans that have just come out of the washing machine , which only time and ironing would tell if it was an old shopping list or a five pound note .
They were not the same eyes with which he had last looked out at this particular scene , and the brain which interpreted the images the eyes resolved was not the same brain .
There had been no surgery involved , just the continual wrenching of experience .
Once you know what it is you want to be true , instinct is a very useful device for enabling you to know that it is .
Chapter 9 [ edit ]
He was wrong to think he could now forget that the big , hard , oily , dirty , rainbow - hung Earth on which he lived was a microscopic dot on a microscopic dot lost in the unimaginable infinity of the Universe .
He paused and maneuvered his thoughts .
It was like watching oil tankers doing three - point turns in the English Channel .
Chapter 11 [ edit ]
He was wrong to think he could now forget that the big , hard , oily , dirty , rainbow - hung Earth on which he lived was a microscopic dot on a microscopic dot lost in the unimaginable infinity of the Universe .
Grown men , he told himself , in flat contradiction of centuries of accumulated evidence about the way grown men behave , do not behave like this .
Chapter 21 [ edit ]
This is : Change .
Read it through again and you 'll get it .
The problem is , or rather one of the problems , for there are many , a sizeable proportion of which are continually clogging up the civil , commercial , and criminal courts in all areas of the Galaxy , and especially , where possible , the more corrupt ones , this .
The previous sentence makes sense .
That is not the problem .
This is :
Change .
Read it through again and you 'll get it .
Chapter 23 [ edit ]
Ford : " Life , " he said , " is like a grapefruit . "
Creature : " Er , how so ? "
Ford : " Well , it 's sort of orangey - yellow and dimpled on the outside , wet and squidgy in the middle .
It 's got pips inside , too .
Oh , and some people have half a one for breakfast . "
Chapter 25 [ edit ]
As they drifted up , their minds sang with the ecstatic knowledge that either what they were doing was completely and utterly and totally impossible or that physics had a lot of catching up to do .
" This Arthur Dent , " comes the cry from the furthest reaches of the galaxy , and has even now been found inscribed on a mysterious deep space probe thought to originate from an alien galaxy at a distance too hideous to contemplate , " what is he , man or mouse ?
Is he interested in nothing more than tea and the wider issues of life ?
Has he no spirit ?
has he no passion ?
Does he not , to put it in a nutshell , fuck ? "
Those who wish to know should read on .
Others may wish to skip on to the last chapter which is a good bit and has Marvin in it .
Chapter 26 [ edit ]
And as they drifted up , their minds sang with the ecstatic knowledge that either what they were doing was completely and utterly and totally impossible or that physics had a lot of catching up to do .
In a mute embrace , they drifted up till they were swimming among the misty wraiths of moisture that you can see feathering around the wings of an airplane but can never feel because you are sitting warm inside the stuffy airplane and looking through the little scratchy Plexiglas window while somebody else 's son tries patiently to pour warm milk into your shirt .
She was mostly immensely relieved to think that virtually everything that anybody had ever told her was wrong .
Chapter 31 [ edit ]
WE APOLOGISE FOR THE INCONVENIENCE
The sign said :
Hold stick near centre of its length .
Moisten pointed end in mouth .
Insert in tooth space , blunt end next to gum .
Use gentle in - out motion .
" It seemed to me , " said Wonko the Sane , " that any civilization that had so far lost its head as to need to include a set of detailed instructions for use in a packet of toothpicks , was no longer a civilization in which I could live and stay sane . "
Chapter 33 [ edit ]
Let 's be straight here .
If we find something we can't understand we like to call it something you can't understand , or indeed pronounce ...
" I 'm afraid I can't comment on the name Rain God at this present time , and we are calling him an example of a Spontaneous Para - Causal Meteorological Phenomenon . "
" Can you tell us what that means ? "
" I 'm not altogether sure .
Let 's be straight here .
If we find something we can't understand we like to call it something you can't understand , or indeed pronounce .
I mean if we just let you go around calling him a Rain God , then that suggests that you know something we do n't and I 'm afraid we could n't have that . "
Chapter 35 [ edit ]
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy ... says of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation products that " it is very easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all . "
Chapter 36 [ edit ]
" I come in peace , " [ the silver robot ] said , adding after a long moment of further grinding , " take me to your Lizard . "
Chapter 40 [ edit ]
There was a point to this story , but it has temporarily escaped the chronicler 's mind .
" So much time , " it groaned , " oh so much time .
And pain as well , so much of that , and so much time to suffer it in too .
One or the other on its own I could probably manage .
It 's the two together that really get me down . "
" Ha ! " snapped Marvin .
" Ha ! " he repeated .
" What do you know of always ?
You say ' always ' to me , who , because of the silly little errands your organic lifeforms keep on sending me through time on , am now thirty - seven times older than the Universe itself ?
Pick your words with a little more care , " he coughed , " and tact . "
" We apologize for the inconvenience . "
God 's Final Message to His Creation , written in letters of fire on the side of the Quentulus Quazgar Mountains .
" I think , " Marvin murmured at last , from deep within his corroding rattling thorax , " I feel good about it . "
The lights went out in his eyes for absolutely the very last time ever .
Epilogue [ edit ]
There was a point to this story , but it has temporarily escaped the chronicler 's mind .
It does n't necessarily do it in chronological order , though .
Anything that , in happening , causes itself to happen again , happens again .
It does n't necessarily do it in chronological order , though .
Preface [ edit ]
Anything that happens , happens .
Anything that , in happening , causes something else to happen , causes something else to happen .
Anything that , in happening , causes itself to happen again , happens again .
It does n't necessarily do it in chronological order , though .
Chapter 1 [ edit ]
One of the problems has to do with the speed of light and the difficulties involved in trying to exceed it .
You can't .
Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of bad news , which obeys its own special laws .
Chapter 2 [ edit ]
The last time anybody made a list of the top hundred character attributes of New Yorkers , common sense snuck in at number 79 .
Chapter 7 [ edit ]
" But you like the way it 's changed ? " demanded Ford .
" I like everything , " moaned the robot .
" Especially when you shout at me like that .
Do it again , please . "
" Just tell me what 's happened ! "
" Oh , thank you , thank you ! "
The current editor - in - chief , Stagyar - zil - Doggo , was a dangerously unbalanced man who took a homicidal view of contributing staff turning up in his office without pages of fresh , proofed copy , and had a battery of laser - guided guns linked to special scanning devices in the door frame to deter anybody who was merely bringing extremely good reasons why they had n't written any .
Thus was a high level of output maintained .
[ The Ident - I - Eeze ] encoded every single piece of information about you , your body and your life into one all - purpose machine - readable card that you could then carry around in your wallet , and it therefore represented technology 's greatest triumph to date over both itself and plain common sense .
" You stay there , " said Ford , " and you 'll soon be recaptured and have your conditional chip replaced .
You want to stay happy , come now . "
The robot let out a long heartfelt sigh of impassioned tristesse and sank reluctantly away from the ceiling .
Chapter 8 [ edit ]
When the Guide moved on , taking its building with it , it left a little like a thief in the night .
Exactly like a thief in the night in fact .
It usually left in the very early hours of the morning , and the following day there always turned out to be a very great deal of stuff missing .
Whole cultures and economies would collapse in its wake , often within a week , leaving once - thriving planets desolate and shell - shocked but still somehow feeling they had been part of some great adventure .
It was a programming technique that had been reverse - engineered from the sort of psychotic mental blocks that otherwise perfectly normal people had been observed invariably to develop when elected to high political office .
The doors of the elevator slid open to reveal a large posse of security guards and robots poised waiting for it and brandishing filthy - looking weapons .
They ordered him out .
With a shrug he stepped forward .
They all pushed rudely past him into the elevator , which took them down to continue their search for him on the lower levels .
This was fun , thought Ford ... .
Chapter 9 [ edit ]
" We all like to congregate ... at boundary conditions .
Where land meets water .
Where earth meets air .
Where body meets mind .
Where time meets space .
We like to be on one side , and look at the other . "
" Protect me from knowing what I do n't need to know .
Protect me from even knowing that there are things to know that I do n't know .
Protect me from knowing that I decided not to know about the things that I decided not to know about .
Amen . "
" There 's another prayer that goes with it that 's very important .
...' Lord , lord , lord .
Protect me from the consequences of the above prayer .
Amen '
And that 's it .
Most of the trouble people get into in life comes from leaving out that last part . "
Chapter 12 [ edit ]
If any of them had chosen to look out of the window at that moment , they would have been startled by the sight of Ford Prefect dropping past them to his certain death and flipping the finger at them .
Sub-editors .
Bastards .
What about all that copy of his they 'd cut ?
Fifteen years of research he'd filed from one planet alone and they 'd cut it to two words .
" Mostly harmless . "
The finger to them as well .
The thing they would n't be expecting him to do was to be there in the first place .
Only an absolute idiot would be sitting where he was , so he was winning already .
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools .
The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair .
Chapter 13 [ edit ]
" The insurance business is completely screwy now .
You know they 've reintroduced the death penalty for insurance company directors ? "
" Really ? " said Arthur .
" No , I did n't .
For what offense ? "
Trillian frowned .
" What do you mean , offense ? "
" I see . "
Chapter 14 [ edit ]
It was n't merely that their left hand did n't always know what their right hand was doing , so to speak ; quite often their right hand had a pretty hazy notion as well .
" Colin , " he said , turning to the little , hovering ball .
" I am going to abandon you to your fate . "
" I 'm so happy , " said Colin .
" Make the most of it , " said Ford .
" Because what I want you to do is nursemaid that package out of the building .
They 'll probably incinerate you when they find you , and I wo n't be here to help .
It will be very , very nasty for you , and that 's just too bad .
Got it ? "
" I gurgle with pleasure , " said Colin .
So everything was going well , was it ?
Everything was working out as if the most extraordinary luck was on his side ?
Well , he 'd see about that .
In a spirit of scientific inquiry he hurled himself out of the window again .
Chapter 17 [ edit ]
There 's all sort of stuff going on in dimensions thirteen to twenty - two that you really would n't want to know about ...
All you really need to know for the moment is that the universe is a lot more complicated than you might think , even if you start from a position of thinking it 's pretty damn complicated in the first place .
It : No , the answer is an orange and two lemons .
Random : Lemons ?
It : If I have three lemons and three oranges and I lose two oranges and a lemon , what do I have left ?
Random : Huh ?
It : Okay , so you think time flows that way , do you ?
Interesting .
If you 'd like to know , I can tell you that in your universe you move freely in three dimensions that you call space .
You move in a straight line in a fourth , which you call time , and stay rooted to one place in a fifth , which is the first fundamental of probability .
After that it gets a bit complicated , and there 's all sort of stuff going on in dimensions thirteen to twenty - two that you really would n't want to know about .
All you really need to know for the moment is that the universe is a lot more complicated than you might think , even if you start from a position of thinking it 's pretty damn complicated in the first place .
I can easily not say words like " damn " if it offends you .
There 's nothing there that was n't there before .
I 'm just using light to draw your attention to certain drops at certain moments .
Now what do you see ?
" So what 's the point of showing me something I can't see ? "
" So that you understand that just because you see something , it does n't mean to say it 's there .
And if you do n't see something , it does n't mean to say it 's not there .
It 's only what your senses bring to your attention . "
" Your universe is vast to you .
Vast in time , vast in space .
That 's because of the filters through which you perceive it .
But I was built with no filters at all , which means I perceive the Mish Mash which contains all possible universes but which has , itself , no size at all .
For me , anything is possible .
I am omniscient and omnipotent , extremely vain and , what is more , I come in a handy self - carrying package .
You have to work out how much of the above is true . "
" Reverse engineering enables us to shortcut all the business of waiting for one of those horribly few spaceships that passes through your galactic sector every year or so to make up its mind about whether or not it feels like giving you a lift .
You want a lift , a ship arrives and gives you one .
The pilot may think he has any one of a million reasons why he has decided to stop and pick you up .
The real reason is that I have determined that he will . "
" This is you being extremely vain , is n't it , little bird ? "
Chapter 18 [ edit ]
It would be hard to say which he was more frightened of : that he might have hurt the person he had inadvertently sat on or that the person he had inadvertently sat on would hurt him back .
" Why are we surrounded by squirrels , and what do they want ? "
" I 've been pestered by squirrels all night , " said Arthur .
" They keep on trying to give me magazines and stuff . "
" I think it may be something unimaginably dangerous . "
" And you sent it to me ? " protested Arthur .
" Safest place I could think of .
I thought I could rely on you to be absolutely boring and not open it . "
" What did she say ? "
" She hit me on the head with the rock again . "
" I think I can confirm that that was my daughter . "
" Sweet kid . "
" You have to get to know her , " said Arthur .
" She eases up , does she ? "
" No , " said Arthur , " but you get a better sense of when to duck . "
" This is very , very serious indeed .
The Guide has been taken over .
It 's been bought out . "
Arthur leapt up .
" Oh , very serious , " he shouted .
" Please fill me in straight away on some corporate publishing politics !
I can't tell you how much it 's been on my mind of late ! "
" You do n't understand !
There 's a whole new Guide ! "
" Oh ! " shouted Arthur again .
" Oh ! Oh !
Oh !
I 'm incoherent with excitement !
I can hardly wait for it to come out to find out which are the most exciting spaceports to get bored hanging about in in some globular cluster I 've never heard of .
Please , can we rush to a store that 's got it right this very instant ? "
Ford narrowed his eyes .
" This is what you call sarcasm , is n't it ? "
" Do you know , " bellowed Arthur , " I think it is ?
I really think it might just be a crazy little thing called sarcasm seeping in at the edges of my manner of speech !
Ford , I have had a fucking bad night !
Will you please try and take that into account while you consider what fascinating bits of badger - sputumly inconsequential trivia to assail me with next ? "
" Temporal reverse engineering . "
Arthur put his head in his hands and shook it gently from side to side .
" Is there any humane way , " he moaned , " in which I can prevent you from telling me what temporary reverse bloody - whatsiting is ? "
" I leaped out of a high - rise office window . "
This cheered Arthur up .
" Oh ! " he said .
" Why do n't you do it again ? "
" I did . "
" Hmmm , " said Arthur , disappointed .
" Obviously no good came of it . "
" What was the self - sacrifice ? "
" I jettisoned half of a much - loved and I think irreplaceable pair of shoes . "
" Why was that self - sacrifice ? "
" Because they were mine ! " said Ford , crossly .
" I think we have different value systems . "
" Well , mine 's better . "
Chapter 24 [ edit ]
It was n't [ the Captain 's ] job to worry about that , though .
It was his job to do his job , which was to do his job .
If that led to a certain narrowness of vision and circularity of thought , then it was n't his job to worry about such things .
Any such things that came his way were referred to others , who had , in turn , other people to refer such things to .
Somewhere on a fetid , fog - bound mud bank on [ Vogsphere ] there stands , surrounded by the dirty , broken and empty carapaces of the last few jeweled scuttling crabs , a small stone monument which marks the place where , it is thought , the species Vogon Vogonblurtus first arose .
On the monument there is carved an arrow which points away , into the fog , under which is inscribed in plain , simple letters the words " The buck stops there . "
Chapter 25 [ edit ]
Where do I fit ?
A tremendous feeling of peace came over him .
He knew that at last , for once and for ever , it was now all , finally , over .
Chapter 1 [ edit ]
At the center of an uncertain and possibly illusionary universe there would always be tea .
Whenever the Universe fell apart , Ford Prefect was never far behind .
Chapter 2 [ edit ]
" I will thank you , " said the Hitchhiker 's Guide Mk II , " to mind your language .
I am fully programmed to take offense . "
Chapter 3 [ edit ]
" You , Mr. President , are the most philosophunculistic , moronic , steatopygic excuse for a politician that it has ever been my good fortune to not vote for , and if I thought for one second that this crappy Universe deserved any better , then I would pay , out of my own pocket you understand , to have you assassinated . "
— Wowbagger the Infinitely Prolonged
Chapter 4 [ edit ]
" We can charge the Unnecessarily Painful Slow Death torpedoes on the trip .
Hyperspace static will give them a little extra sting . "
Jeltz nodded approvingly .
" You , Mown , are an utter bastard . "
" Thanks , Dad , " he said .
Chapter 5 [ edit ]
Anything can be real .
Every imaginable thing is happening somewhere along the dimensional axis .
These things happen a billion times over with exactly the same outcome and no one learns anything .
Whatever a person can think , imagine , wish for , or believe has already come to pass .
Dreams come true all the time , just not for the dreamers .
Chapter 6 [ edit ]
It 's not every day a Galactic President gets dumped out of an air lock by his own head .
Gazing up at a god 's crotch can do wonders for a person 's lack of low self - esteem .
" I do not hate myself .
In many ways , I am not altogether too bed . "
– Constant Mown
Chapter 8 [ edit ]
" Do n't give any money to the unicorns , it only encourages them . " — Eric the Red
" Do n't worry .
I 've been in show business for years ; I know how to handle bastards . "
— Zaphod Beeblebrox
" Hello , ladies .
You may not know me yet , but you 're gonna miss me tomorrow . "
— Zaphod Beeblebrox
Arthur was stumped .
How was he to feel if not put upon ?
Chapter 9 [ edit ]
For a being of light , gazing even for a moment into the heart of dark space has an effect equivalent to a dozen near - death experiences .
It 's the Universe 's way of telling you to get on with your life .
Which is a good thing if the feeling budding in a person 's heart is a good feeling .
There is a theory which states that the universe is built on uncertainty and that a definitive statement / action creates a momentary energy vacuum into which flows a diametrically opposing statement / action .
Famous vacuum - inducing statements include : Surely that 's not going to fit in there .
I am sick of betting the same numbers every week .
They are never going to come up .
We are a peaceful people .
Not even the Armorfiends of Striterax would want to pick a fight with us .
You look gorgeous in that sweater , Felix .
There is no way anyone is going to call you a freak and throw you in a dumple composter .
Chapter 10 [ edit ]
Think before you pluck .
Irresponsible plucking costs lives .
" You go ahead and kill yourself , do n't worry about me . " – Trillian
Chapter 12 [ edit ]
There is no such thing as a happy ending .
Every culture has a maxim that makes this point , while nowhere in the Universe is there a single gravestone that reads , He Loved Everything About His Life , Especially the Dying Bit at the End .
" What you think is the happy ending is actually a brief respite before the serial killer that you thought was dead gets back up and butchers everyone except the girl with the biggest boobs , who dies first in the sequel the following year . " —
Rollit Klet , the Dentrassis independent - film - director - cum- chef
It is said that his birth was marked by earthquakes , tidal waves , tornadoes , firestorms , the explosion of three neighbouring stars ...
However , the only person by whom this is said is Beeblebrox himself , and there are several possible theories to explain this .
Fit the Second [ edit ]
Marvin :
Do you want me to sit in a corner and rust or just fall apart where I 'm standing ?
Marvin : Life , do n't talk to me about life .
Fit the Fourth [ edit ]
Arthur Dent : I seem to be having this tremendous difficulty with my lifestyle .
As soon as I reach some kind of definite policy about what is my kind of music and my kind of restaurant and my kind of overdraft , people start blowing up my kind of planet and throwing me out of their kind of spaceships !
Fit the Sixth [ edit ]
Zaphod : Can it Trillian , I 'm trying to die with dignity .
Marvin : I 'm just trying to die .
Fit the Seventh [ edit ]
The other Shaltanac 's joopleberry shrub is always a more mauvy shade of pinky - russet .
The Shaltanac equivalent of " the other man 's grass is always greener "
Fit the Eighth [ edit ]
Zaphod :
The building 's being bombed !
Who in their right minds would want to bomb a publishing company ?
Marvin : Another publishing company .
What to do if you find yourself stuck in a crack in the ground underneath a giant boulder you can't move with no hope of rescue :
Consider how lucky you are that life has been good to you so far .
Alternatively , if life has n't been good to you so far ( which , given your current circumstances , seems more likely ) :
Consider how lucky you are that it wo n't be troubling you much longer .
Frogstar Robot :
Out of my way little robot
Marvin : I 'm afraid I 've been left here to stop you .
Frogstar Robot : You ?
Stop me ?
Go on !
Marvin :
No really I have .
Frogstar Robot :
What are you armed with ?
Marvin : Guess .
Frogstar Robot : Guess ?
Marvin :
Yes , go on , you 'll never guess .
Frogstar Robot : Erm ... laser beam ?
Marvin : No. Frogstar Robot :
No , no no no no , too obvious I suppose ... Anti matter ray ?
Marvin : Far too obvious .
Frogstar Robot : Yes ... er , how about an electron ram ?
Marvin :
What ’s that ?
Frogstar Robot : One of these .
[ Robot fires electron ram causing lots of noise and destruction ]
Marvin :
No , not one of those .
Frogstar Robot : Good though is n't it ?
Marvin : Very good .
Frogstar Robot : I know , you must have one of those new Xanthic Re-Structtion Destabilised Zenon Emitters .
Marvin : Nice , are n't they ?
Frogstar Robot :
That what you got ?
Marvin : No. Frogstar Robot :
Oh , then it must be one of those things with twirls ... goes whoosh ...
Marvin :
You 're thinking along the wrong lines you know , you 're failing to take into account something very basic in the relationship between men and robots .
Frogstar Robot : I- I- I- I know it I know it , I 've seen them .
Quite big ... er... Marvin : Look , look , no , just think .
They left me — an ordinary , menial robot to stop you — a gigantic , heavy - duty battle machine — whilst they ran off to save themselves ...
What do you think they would leave me with ?
Frogstar Robot :
Well , er , something pretty damn devastating I would expect .
Marvin : Expect ?
Oh yes , expect .
I ’ll tell you what they gave me to protect myself with , shall I ? Frogstar Robot :
Yes all right .
Marvin : Nothing .
Frogstar Robot : What ?
Marvin : Nothing at all .
Not an electronic sausage .
Frogstar Robot :
Well , does n't that just take the biscuit !
Marvin :
And me with this terrible pain in all the diodes down my left side .
Frogstar Robot : Yeah ?
Oh that makes me angry , think I 'll smash that wall down .
[ Robot fires at wall which promptly crumbles ]
Marvin :
That 's very impressive .
Frogstar Robot :
Oh you ai n’t seen nothing yet , I can take this floor out too ... no trouble !
[ Robot fires at floor which gives way ]
Frogstar Robot : oh dear !
[ Robot falls through hole in floor ]
Frogstar Robot : Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ...
Marvin :
What a depressingly stupid machine .
[ Crash as Frogstar Robot Class D hits ground .
An alarm goes off ] .
Fit the Ninth [ edit ]
Life , as many people have spotted , is , of course , terribly unfair .
For instance , the first time the Heart of Gold ever crossed the galaxy the massive improbability field it generated caused two hundred and thirty - nine thousand lightly - fried eggs to materialise in a large , wobbly heap on the famine - struck land of Poghril in the Pansel system .
The whole Poghril tribe had just died out from famine ... except for one man who died of cholesterol poisoning some weeks later .
The Book : Having been through the Total Perspective Vortex , Zaphod Beeblebrox now knows himself to be the most important being in the entire Universe ... something he had hitherto only suspected .
It is said that his birth was marked by earthquakes , tidal waves , tornadoes , firestorms , the explosion of three neighbouring stars , and , shortly afterwards , by the issuing of over six and three quarter million writs for damages from all of the major landowners in his galactic sector .
However , the only person by whom this is said is Beeblebrox himself , and there are several possible theories to explain this ...
Arthur Dent : Ford ?
Ford Prefect : Yes ?
Arthur Dent :
He 's totally mad , is n't he ?
Ford Prefect :
Well , the border between madness and genius is pretty narrow .
Arthur Dent : So 's the Berlin Wall .
Ford Prefect : The ...?
Arthur Dent : Oh , the Berlin Wall , it 's the border between East and West Germany .
It 's very narrow , I mean the point I 'm trying to make is - Ford Prefect :
Was very narrow .
Get your tenses right .
Arthur Dent : Thank you .
Ford Prefect : Anything wrong ?
Arthur Dent : On Earth we have a word - Ford Prefect : Had a word .
Arthur Dent : - had a word called ' tact ' .
Arthur Dent : I mean , what is the point ?
Nutrimatic Drink Dispenser : Nutrition and pleasurable sense data .
Share and enjoy !
Arthur Dent : Listen , you stupid machine , it tastes filthy !
Here , take this cup back !
( He throws cup at the dispenser ) Nutrimatic Drink Dispenser :
If you have enjoyed the experience of this drink , why not share it with your friends ?
Arthur Dent : Because I want to keep them !
Will you try and comprehend what I ’m telling you ?
That drink - Nutrimatic Drink Dispenser :
That drink was individually tailored to meet your personal requirements for nutrition and pleasure .
Arthur Dent : Ah .
So I ’m a masochist on a diet , am I ?!
Nutrimatic Drink Dispenser : Share and enjoy !
Arthur Dent : Oh , shut up !
Fit the Eleventh [ edit ]
Will everything tie up neatly or will it be just like life : quite interesting in parts , but no substitute for the real thing ?
What is the real thing ?
I ache , therefore I am .
Fit the Twelfth [ edit ]
Zaphod Beeblebrox : B – b – but who are you , man ?
Why do I want to see you ?
I was told you were on an intergalactic cruise , which ( offhandedly ) I can handle ... but in your office , which I can’t .
The Book :
The major problem – one of the major problems , for there are several – one of the many major problems with governing people is that of who you get to do it ; or , rather , of who manages to get people to let them do it to them .
To summarise : it is a well - known and much lamented fact that those people who most want to rule people are , ipso facto , those least suited to do it .
To summarise the summary : anyone who is capable of getting themselves made president should on no account be allowed to do the job .
To summarise the summary of the summary : people are a problem .
Man in Shack :
The lord knows I am not a cruel man .
Zarniwoop :
Ah – you say , " the Lord ' , so you believe in — Man in Shack : My cat .
I call him " the lord " .
I am kind to him .
Zarniwoop : Alright .
How do you know he exists ?
How do you know he knows you to be kind or enjoys what you think of as your kindness ?
Man in Shack : I do n't .
I have no idea .
It merely pleases me to behave in a certain way to what appears to be a cat .
What else do you do ?
Please ... I am tired .
Fit the Twenty - Second [ edit ]
Was I amongst friends when the Haggunenon admiral evolved into a life pod and everybody aboard his flagship escaped leaving me aboard as it steered itself into the nearest star ?
Was I amongst friends when I was left to walk in circles on a swamp planet ?
Left to park cars outside a restaurant for millenia ?
Left for the Krikkit robots to use for batting practice ?
Friend ?
I do n't think I ever came across one of those , sorry , can't help you there .
Fit the Twenty - Sixth [ edit ]
Marvin :
This is the car park , you ordered a babe wash for your ship .
Due to staff shortages , I am your babe .
Zaphod : Marvin — I thought you were dead !
Marvin : Seems I was still under warranty .
Sorry to disappoint you ... sorrier than you can possibly imagine .
Zaphod :
You 're still parking cars here ?
Marvin : Spend a few thousand million years in a job and eventually you get promoted , I have my own bucket now .
Finally , I am somebody .
Zaphod : OK metal man , how about giving the Heart of Gold a hot wax with full valet ?
Marvin :
That depends on whether or not I can find my frilly apron , with my luck , I probably can .
Episode 1 [ edit ]
Humans are not proud of their ancestors , and rarely invite them round to dinner .
Episode 5 [ edit ]
Waiter : Would you all like to see the menu ?
Or would you care to meet the main dish of the day ?
Arthur : Meet ?
Trillian :
What is it ?
Waiter : It 's an Ameglian Major Cow .
I 'll bring him over .
Zaphod :
Ok , we 'll meet the meat .
that 's cool .
[ a large Pig - like creature is wheeled in on a trolley ]
Dish of the Day : Bweeeh ... [ clears throat ]
Good evening , Madam and Gentlemen .
I am the main Dish of the Day .
May I interest you in parts of my body ?
[ Arthur and Trillian go " Huh ? " ]
Ford :
Oh , well .
Dish of the Day : Something off my shoulder , perhaps , brazed in a little White Wine sauce ?
Arthur : Your shoulder ?
Dish of the Day : Well , naturally mine , sir .
Nobody else 's is mine to offer .
[ clears throat ]
The , uh , rump is very good , sir .
I have been exercising and eating plenty of grain so there 's a lot of good meat there .
[ moos ]
Or a casserole of me , perhaps ?
Trillian :
You mean this animal actually wants us to eat it ?
Ford : Me , I do n't mean anything .
Bodyguard : OK , Hotblack .
Black ship 's ready to crash into the sun of Kakrafoon .
Time to get there ourselves .
Episode 6 [ edit ]
Zaphod : Listen , Earth man , you 've got a job to do , right ?
The question to the ultimate answer , right ?
There 's a lot of loot tied up in that , er , head thing of yours .
Arthur :
Yes , but where do we start ?
The ultimate answer 's 42 .
What 's the question ?
How should I know ?
Could be anything .
I mean , what 's 6 times seven ?
Zaphod and Trillian : 42 . Marvin : 42 .
Arthur :
Yes , I know that !
Just saying it could be anything .
[ chuckles ]
Why ask me ?
Zaphod : Because you 're the last one !
You were there when your planet did the big firework !
Arthur : I do wish you 'd stop saying that !
Marvin : I know .
Ford :
Ah , shut up , Marvin !
This is organism talk !
Marvin :
It 's printed in the Earth man 's brainwave patterns but I do n't suppose you 'll be very interested in knowing that .
Arthur :
You mean you can see into my mind ?
Marvin : Yes .
Arthur : And ?
Marvin :
It amazes me how you manage to live in anything that small .
Number Three : Captain ?
Captain : Yes , Number Three ?
Number
Three : I 've just had a sort of report thingy from Number One.
Captain : Oh , dear .
Number Three :
He was shouting something or other about having found some prisoners .
Captain :
Oh , well , perhaps it'll keep him happy for a bit .
He 's always wanted some .
Number One : [ entering the Captain 's room with Ford and Arthur ] Captain , sir !
Captain : Oh , hello , Number One !
Having a nice day ?
Number One : I 've brought you the prisoners I located in Freezer bay 7 , sir .
Ford and Arthur : Hi. Captain : Hello .
Excuse me not getting up , just having a quick bath .
Oh , well .
Gin and Tonics all round !
Look in the fridge there , Number Three .
Number Three : Certainly , sir .
Number One : Do n't you want to interrogate the prisoners , sir ?
Captain :
Why on Golgafrincham should I want to do that ?
Number One :
To get information out of them , sir .
Find out why they came here , sir .
Captain :
No , no , I expect they just dropped in for a quick Gin and Tonic , do n't you ?
Number One : Sir , they 're my prisoners .
Can't I just interrogate them a little bit ?
Captain : Oh , very well .
Ask them what they want to drink .
Number One : Thank you , sir .
Alright .
[ grabs Ford 's collar ]
You scum !
You vermin !
Captain : Steady on , Number One ! Number One :
What do you want to drink ?
Ford : Well , Gin and Tonic sounds very nice to me .
Arthur ?
Arthur : Hmm ?
Yes .
Number One : With ice ?
Or without ?
Ford : [ thinks for a second ]
With , please .
Number One : Lemon ?
Ford : Umm , yeah .
Oh , and do you have any of those little biscuits ?
You know , the cheesy ones ?
Number One : I 'm asking the questions !
Captain : Number One .
Push off , will you , there 's a good fellow .
I 'm trying to take a relaxing bath !
[ blows into his bubble pipe ]
Number One : May I respectfully remind you that you 've now been in that bath for over three years .
Captain : Yes , well , one needs to relax a lot in a job like mine .
US stocks plunged on Tuesday as markets gave a thumbs down to a plan unveiled by President Barack Obama 's administration to stabilise the financial system .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 381.99 points or 4.62 % to 7,888.88 at the close .
The tech - heavy Nasdaq points was down 66.83 points ( 4.20 % ) to 1,524.73 and the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index fell
42.73 points ( 4.91 % ) to 827.16 .
Investors were concerned the financial stabilisation plan unveiled by US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner might prove inadequate , some experts said .
The plan included an initial fund of $ US500 billion ( $ 734.54 billion ) to absorb toxic assets clogging the financial system .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Lost Votes on Diebold System Discovered by New ' Transparency Project ' in CA "
( 19 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 12/5/2008 @ 5:58 am PT ...
OT John , but you might find this interesting .
It appears China is going to Smoot - Hawley us ... not good
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... anonymous said on 12/5/2008 @ 6:31 am PT ...
Publishing actual scans of ballots leaves a system wide open to improper influence of voters , such as by coercion or vote buying .
( Marks are easily made that appear legitimate but that are readily recognized as bearing a unique " signature " of a voter , such as in patterns of the ways ovals are filled . )
Publishing ballots does , however , make available to all the inter - contest correlations that are generally not made public and that can give advantage to a party that has exclusive access to them .
Thus , the extreme transparency of this scheme goes too far and erodes ballot secrecy but does solve an issue with opaque elections that is often ignored .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 12/5/2008 @ 10:44 am PT ...
" Anonymous " - California already casts nearly 40 % of it 's ballots via absentee .
While your point about offering the possibility of vote buying / selling via this scheme may be true , it 's certainly dwarfed by the existing vote - by - mail possibilities already in place in CA .
Thus , I 'd suggest the transparency offered by the Humboldt project far out - weighs the concerns you note ( which is likely one of the reasons that SoS Bowen , who had initially opposed the idea , for the reasons you mention , changed her mind eventually . )
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... 72dawg said on 12/5/2008 @ 12:16 pm PT ...
First , get rid of all the touch screens that do no produce a paper ballot , and do the procedure that Crnich developed .
The basic idea behind the first - of - its - kind transparency project is fairly simple : every ballot cast in an election is passed through an optical scanner after being officially counted and the images are then placed online and available for download .
This procedure would certainly work well for mail - in ballots .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... 72dawg said on 12/5/2008 @ 12:26 pm PT ...
RE : Comment # 2 by Anonymous :
At one time , a stamp was used to mark ballots .
Under or by each election item was a line that you sat the stamp on , then depressed the stamp .
It made a fairly uniform mark .
I would not mind touch - screens if a ballot ( preferably on special paper ) were spit out of each touch screen unit , to be verified and counted .
The automatic counting of ballots without a paper trail is fraught with problems .
Over the past several years , problems with the machines themselves have been numerous .
So far there has been no proof of which I am aware that show election fraud with these paperless machines , but I would not be surprised to learn of lots of fraud .
However , matching up voter counts with votes counted should always be done .
These disappearing and reappearing envelopes , boxes , and the like demonstrate a lack of respect for the voters .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 12/5/2008 @ 12:34 pm PT ...
72dawg Brad has typed his fingers blue against such a thing .
People do n't verify the correctness of the printout , whether it 's just a damn receipt or a ballot .
Plus , it 's just the machines doing the reporting of the vote and ballots do n't come into play unless and until a recount is ordered .
And , as we have seen , those precious ballots have a way of turning up missing when it 's recount time .
The chain of custody issues from place to place are a damn nightmare .
Everyone votes on a ballot with a pen , puts it in a clear plastic box in front of everyone who wants to participate in the by hand counting or oversee the by hand counting , and the by hand counting is done right there by these people , recorded by hand , then ballots sealed , put somewhere safe , with strict chain of custody , and then we can have faith in the results .
Period .
That 's the only way .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... m. d. said on 12/5/2008 @ 3:02 pm PT ...
I worked as a pollworker in the Humboldt County Elections .
In our precinct , we worked for an hour or two after we closed to reconcile our paper ballot count with the machine 's count .
When we found the machine counted 2 ballots we could n't find , we counted again and again without finding 2 paper ballots that reflected the machine 's count .
I asked and other workers told me they do n't always reconcile .
We berated ourselves and left it to the central counters to rectify ...
Now I wonder about those two votes ... maybe it was n't us .
Maybe it was the Diebold / Premier machine .
It 's odd that workers have found being a couple of ballots off a ho hum abnormality .
A couple of votes ... how many precincts in the nation ?
Hmmm .
Maybe more lurks beyond the absentee glitch .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... kim said on 12/5/2008 @ 3:17 pm PT ...
This is great news -- congrats to all involved -- I too vote in California and I kinda thought California got rid of diebold ... am I wrong Brad ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 12/5/2008 @ 6:35 pm PT ...
While the benefits outweigh the disadvantages at this time , I think Anonymous ' point is well taken .
We should fight against the erosion of the secret ballot .
There is potential for harm here .
While the Transparency Project is a wonderful thing in terms of keeping track of Diebold , its dangers should be addressed .
I would prefer to view this project as a temporary fix , not a permanent solution , due to the possibility of being able to identify a particular voter 's ballot .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Schmoe said on 12/5/2008 @ 8:58 pm PT ...
Back to paper ballots NOW !
DIEBOLD cannot be trusted , as they have proven time and time again , we cannot have rigged elections in this country !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... john said on 12/5/2008 @ 9:38 pm PT ...
hey joe i think it proves we do have rigged elections
did ya ever notice that after these hackable machines were used to count the vote that exit polling was completely discredited as a proven method of validating an election because the exit poll didnt match what the hackable computer said was the official tabulation ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... anonymous said on 12/6/2008 @ 11:12 am PT ...
Brad :
You wrote in COMMENT 3 above : " California already casts nearly 40 % of it 's ballots via absentee .
While your point about offering the possibility of vote buying / selling via this scheme may be true , it 's certainly dwarfed by the existing vote - by - mail possibilities already in place in CA . "
This type of reasoning is big trouble .
For instance , it could be maintained by a similar argument that , because of the lack of transparency of the registration and poll - book processes , we should not be concerning ourselves with the integrity of the counting process .
It is also worth noting that the level of integrity achieved by posting photographs of paper ballots is still based on a kind of " trust us " model and without any effective dispute resolution procedure .
Whatever enhancement of integrity or auditability it may provide hinges on the full " chain of custody " through to the website .
Perhaps it 's worth considering if there might be a variant that can reduce reliance on chain of custody while increasing ballot secrecy .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Fisher said on 12/7/2008 @ 1:50 am PT ...
So a person can see their own vote .
Does n't mean votes are tallied correctly .
Lets stop looking to compromise .
Lets go back to hand counted paper ballots .
Get rid of mail in , scanned and every other possible trick or we will be here at Bradblog in 20 years when we are all grey or dead and democracy will be a nebulous mysterious memory .
The election officials here look like they were doing their job in which case this system would work .
Otherwise as is the case with computers , all sorts of stuff can happen that we cant see .
Yeah we can see the ballots and look at what the computer tells us just like the touch screens .
Corrupt officials and companies could still subvert this system big time I think .
While we have democrats in office lets go for the gold standard .
Hand counted paper ballots .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 12/7/2008 @ 8:53 am PT ...
Naomi Klein is saying the Canadian election system is broken .
How could that be ?
I thought they had the election system that was about perfect .
Think I read her post on huffpo or democratic underground .
I live near the canadian border so have been interested in their country as I can get their tv .
It got boring overnight after harper was elected as ours did .
..esp. the news .
Some have said stolen elections kinda ' went world wide .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 12/7/2008 @ 10:17 am PT ...
Kim asked @ 8 : I too vote in California and I kinda thought California got rid of diebold ... am I wrong Brad ?
Yes , you 're wrong , unfortunately .
In '04 , CA SoS Shelley decertified their touch - screens in the state .
In '06 , CA SoS McPherson re-certified them .
In '07 CA SoS Bowen decertified both their touch - screens and their op - scans , but " conditionally " recertified both for use .
In the case of the touch - screens , they could only be used one per precinct to marginally meet HAVA 's disabled voter accessibility standards , and would have to have all of their " paper trails " counted 100 % by hand .
The op - scans were allowed for continued use , under slightly beefed security and post-election audit requirements .
Humboldt County uses Diebold 's op - scan systems under those standards .
Hope that clarifies the god awful mess .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... anonymous said on 12/7/2008 @ 12:51 pm PT ...
Still looking forward to Brad 's response to COMMENT 12 .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 12/7/2008 @ 1:21 pm PT ...
In Humboldt , the ballots were scanned at the Elections office by non-elections staff citizens on an office - style off - the - shelf scanner , by a Linux system , using open source , inspectable code .
The images were then grouped into batches of ten thousand which were zipped into Windows ' style compressed folders .
These compressed folders were digitally signed using Gnu Privacy Guard .
Yes , it would be better if each precinct 's independent scan could be done right at the voting precinct , before the ballots are even returned to a central count location .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 12/7/2008 @ 4:21 pm PT ...
Thanks for doing so much to keep these stories in the news .
Looks like al franken will lose in MN - ironic because he and " air america " have pooh - pooh'd the idea of any voting problems , refusing to allow it to be discussed as a legitimate issue .
Now they will have an election stolen from them in MN - wonder how they feel about these issues now .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 12/8/2008 @ 11:14 am PT ...
CLEVELAND --
The City Council on Monday approved two measures aimed at reshaping the city 's urban landscape .
One ordinance will allow residents to raise and keep farm animals and bees .
It 's a step , proponents believe , toward finding innovative uses for vacant land .
The other ordinance sets guidelines for how Mayor Frank Jackson will spend $ 25.5 million in federal neighborhood improvements funds .
The bulk of the money will be used to tear down abandoned homes left behind by the foreclosure epidemic .
Both were passed after intense debate .
The " chicken - and - bees " legislation , as it became nicknamed , generated the most buzz , with several council members objecting to the plan .
They cited concerns about noise and other complaints urban farms bring .
Councilwoman Dona Brady , one of three no votes , said she believes the matter is a zoning issue and should not be addressed by blanket legislation .
Councilmen Martin Keane and Kevin Kelley also voted against the measure .
Councilman Joe Cimperman , who sponsored the ordinance , said urban farming is a growing trend .
He is aware of chickens living in his ward and has compared noise from chickens with noise from motorcycles , insisting that the latter draw more complaints .
" We want people to be able to grow their own food , " Cimperman said .
The ordinance allows residents to keep chickens , ducks , rabbits and beehives but not roosters , geese or turkeys .
A typical residential lot could have no more than six small animals and two hives .
Those wishing to raise and keep animals and bees will have to apply to the city 's Health Department for a license .
Neighbors would be mailed a notice and could raise objections , Cimperman said .
The ordinance allowing Jackson to begin spending money granted by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development passed by a 20 - 1 vote .
The mayor 's original plans for the Neighborhood Stabilization Program called for $ 14.5 million to go toward demolitions , with the rest of money going to home rehabilitations and other property improvements .
Name : Jerry Gay Project Title : Synopsis 19 - Command Line Syntax , Design and Implementation Synopsis : Perl 6 wo n't feel like Perl until it 's callable from the command - line with a well - defined , practical syntax .
This proposal aims to deliver a design and implementation of the Perl 6 command - line syntax .
This project implements a core component of Perl 6 - - one which will define how users interact with Perl 6 every day .
Benefits to Perl 6 Development : The Perl 6 specification requires the development and testing of Synopsis 19 - Command Line Syntax ( S19 ) .
The release of any Perl 6 implementation , including Rakudo Perl , will require an implementation of this Synopsis .
This project will provide the required Synopsis , and an implementation for Rakudo .
Deliverables : D1 . Documentation of Perl 6 command line syntax working draft in Synopsis form ( Synopsis 19 ) .
This preliminary document will be reviewed by the design team and by the community via at least one round of feedback .
The Synopsis may be revised multiple times before final approval ; these revisions are outside the scope of this item .
D2 .
Implementation of a set of tests covering main design points of Synopsis 19 .
These tests are meant to aid in the development of the design laid out in the Synopsis -- specifically to uncover edge cases and ambiguities .
The tests are not meant to provide full coverage of the Synopsis .
The tests will reside in the Pugs repository , with the official Perl 6 tests in the t/spec/ directory .
D3 . Implementation of a command line parsing library for Parrot .
This library will be based on Synopsis 19 , and much as the Parrot Grammar Engine ( PGE ) is based on Synopsis 5 , this library will be factored in such a way as to make it useful for Parrot , Rakudo , and other high - level languages targeting Parrot .
To meet this need , the library will become part of the Parrot Compiler Toolkit ( PCT ) .
D4 .
Implementation of a subset of the Perl 6 command line syntax in Rakudo , following the design of Synopsis 19 , and based on the Parrot command line parsing library ( D3 ) .
This library will be customized to support Perl 6 syntax , and I suspect it will be written in Perl 6 or NQP .
Implementation of command line options will be limited to those which may be created using features available in Rakudo at the time of implementation .
Tests addressing these features ( D2 ) will be added to the suite of regression tests run by Rakudo .
D5 . Implementation of the Perl 6 MAIN ( ) subroutine semantics , as given in Synopses 6 and 19 , and other relevant passages .
D6 .
Timely reports on implementation progress ( probably weekly ) .
Project Details : I will pull ideas from various sources during the course of this project , including : * Perl 5 command line syntax and documentation * Perl 5 module Getopt :: Long , Getopt :: Euclid * Perl 6 Synopsis 6 , section entitled " Declaring a MAIN subroutine " *
Pugs command line syntax * Glasgow Haskell Compiler command line syntax * Dynamic languages including : Java , Python , Ruby A key focus area is determining a way for command line options to be passed through the Perl 6 compiler to an underlying implementation system , such as Parrot .
Project Schedule :
The project will start as soon as possible and continue into 2009 .
Three major milestones , described below , define the remainder of the project .
Status reports ( D6 ) will be ongoing .
M1 . Completion of the working draft of Synopsis 19 ( D1 ) , and the set of related tests ( D2 ) .
Submit interim report .
M2 . Completion of a Parrot library for parsing command - line syntax ( D3 ) .
Submit interim report .
M3 . Perl 6 command - line parsing library for Rakudo ( D4 ) , a MAIN ( ) subroutine for Rakudo ( D5 ) , and updated tests and docs .
Submit final report .
Report Schedule :
At the completion of each milestone , I will provide a report with a description of accomplishments .
Additionally , weekly status reports will be made , consistent with D6 .
Dissemination Plan :
At the completion of this grant , I will propose a presentation on this topic to various conferences in 2009 , in order to introduce the command - line syntax to Perl 6 users .
To familiarize Parrot high - level language developers with the Parrot command - line syntax library , I will add to the existing PCT documentation .
Public Repository and License : Artifacts including source code and documentation will reside in repositories managed by The Perl Foundation or Parrot Foundation .
Artifacts including Perl 6 test suite files will reside in the Pugs repository .
Copyrights will be held by The Perl Foundation or Parrot Foundation as appropriate .
All work will be licensed under the Artistic License 2.0 .
Bio : I am a core committer and project team member for the Parrot virtual machine and President of Parrot Foundation .
I am also a developer for Rakudo Perl ( Perl 6 on Parrot ) and a participant in the Perl 6 design process .
I have a broad and deep understanding of Parrot and Rakudo internals and I 've fixed more bugs than I 've caused .
Amount Requested : USD $ 12,000 .
This amount is derived from a nominal and estimated 60 % time allocation over 4 months at a rate of USD $ 5000 per month .
Note that actual payments are made based on completion of milestones and deliverables , with no more funding for work and time spent beyond 2.4 real man-months nor less funding for work and time spent under 2.4 real man-months .
Country of Origin : United States
Okay to publish proposal ? : Yes .
Current - Users archive
Desktop NetBSD needs your help
To : netbsd-users%netbsd.org@localhost , current-users%netbsd.org@localhost
: Subject : Desktop NetBSD needs your help
: From : Andrew Doran < ad%netbsd.org@localhost >
: Date : Sat , 7 Feb 2009 00:00:03 +0000
For those new to NetBSD the early user experience can be poor .
This is especially true when coming from a Windows / Mac / Linux background .
While basically sound , the installer asks many detailed questions and is unintuitive .
If new users persevere and install the system , they are left with a 1980s - style text prompt , a lot of useful but unfamiliar tools , and no way to browse the web in order to learn more .
The learning curve is steep .
For more experienced users , installing a desktop to perform basic tasks like web browsing or word processing is cumbersome .
It generally involves hours spent installing packages and editing configuration files .
That can be fun if you have nothing better to do , but most of us have busy lives .
Those are the problems , now on to the solution .
Some of us have been exchanging ideas on this topic for years , and have decided that it 's time we fixed the major problems .
Hence the desktop project , the primary goal of which is : Given a NetBSD CD and a reasonably modern x86 computer , make it possible to install a useful desktop system in under 15 minutes , responding to only a few prompts in the process .
We need help with this project !
If you have the time , ambition , skill and are n't afraid to get your hands dirty , then please volunteer !
If you have insight into which areas of the system are poor , or areas in which other systems excel , let us know !
We have created a wiki page with some information about the project .
There are already some tasks , ranging from from fun stuff like progamming to less fun but essential stuff like e-mailing people to ask if we can use their artwork .
See here : http://wiki.netbsd.se/Desktop_Project
We have also set up a mailing list .
It a majordomo list so you can subscribe in the usual way .
Note that in order to post to this list , you must be subscribed .
netbsd-desktop%netbsd.org@localhost
Thanks for your time , Andrew [ Note : we have no plans to remove " expert " mode installs - this is about new functionality .
We believe this endeavour to be in the best interests of NetBSD and its users and are committed to doing it , hence we are not interested in debating the essential merits of the project .
Thank you . ]
Praise be to Allah .
We have explained in the answer to questions no .
11774 and 21536 the ruling on women covering their faces and hands , and that it is obligatory for them to cover them in front of non-mahram men .
Allaah has enjoined woman to be obedient to her husband , and has made men qawwaamoon ( protectors and maintainers ) of women .
They are supposed to direct and look after women as a leader directs and looks after his people , because of the physical and mental characteristics with which Allaah has distinguished them , as well as the financial duties that He has enjoined upon them .
Allaah says ( interpretation of the meaning ) :
“ Men are the protectors and maintainers of women , because Allaah has made one of them to excel the other , and because they spend ( to support them ) from their means ”
[ al - Nisa ’ 4:34 ]
Ibn Katheer said :
‘ Ali ibn Abi Talhah said , narrating from Ibn ‘ Abbaas : “ Men are the protectors and maintainers of women ” means : they are in charge of them and the woman should obey her husband in the matters in which Allaah has enjoined obedience .
Obeying him means treating his family well and looking after his wealth .
Tafseer Ibn Katheer , 1/492 .
If the wife goes against his wishes and refuses to obey him , the husband has to take a gradual approach in handling the matter .
First he should admonish her and remind her of the punishment for disobeying his command .
If that does not succeed , then he moves on to forsaking her in bed .
If that does not work , then he may hit her , but in a manner that is not severe , and there is nothing wrong with also threatening her with divorce .
Allaah says ( interpretation of the meaning ) :
“ As to those women on whose part you see ill - conduct , admonish them ( first ) , ( next ) refuse to share their beds , ( and last ) beat them ( lightly , if it is useful ) ”
[ al - Nisa 4:34 ]
Shaykh ‘ Abd al - Rahmaan al - Sa ’di said :
“ those women on whose part you see ill - conduct ” means , those who refuse to obey their husbands and disobey them in word or deed ; they should be disciplined gradually .
“ Admonish them ( first ) ” means , explain the ruling of Allaah concerning obedience to one ’s husband , encouraging obedience and warning against disobedience .
If the wife stops , then that is what is wanted .
Otherwise the husband should forsake her in her bed , by not sleeping with her or having intercourse with her , until the desired result is achieved .
Otherwise he may hit her , in a manner that is not severe .
If one of these methods achieves the desired result and the wife obeys , then “ seek not against them means ( of annoyance ) ” i.e. , you have got what you wanted , so do not keep rebuking them for things that are in the past , or draw attention to faults that will cause trouble if you mention them .
Tafseer al - Sa’di , p. 142 .
You can seek help in admonishing her and advising her by means of useful tapes and books which speak of the obligation of hijab for the Muslim woman , and explain the seriousness of disobedience and its consequences in this world and in the Hereafter .
You have to be gentle and kind with her .
The Messenger of Allaah ( peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him ) said : “ Allah is kind and He loves kindness and confers uponkindness that which he does not confer upon harshness anddoes not confer upon anything else besides it ( kindness ) . ”
Narrated by Muslim , 2593 .
And he ( peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him ) said : “ There is never any kindness in a thing but it adorns it , and kindness is never lacking from a thing but that makes it ugly . ”
Narrated by Muslim , 2594 .
And Allaah knows best .
By Mohamed Mohamed
BBC Somali Service
Public anger at the recent stoning of a 13 - year - old girl in Somalia shows the growing resentment towards radical Islamists who have gained control of much of the south and centre of the country .
Insurgents from the militant group al - Shabab are seen as authoritarian and unaccountable - unlike the Islamists who were in control of the capital , Mogadishu , in 2006 .
Asha Ibrahim Dhuhulow was stoned to death for adultery in the southern port city of Kismayo , which was taken control by al - Shabab and its allies in August .
I do n't know what crime she committed other than being raped - and I was not even allowed to see her body
Asha Ibrahim Dhuhulow 's aunt Her 62 - year - old aunt told the BBC that the teenager had in fact been raped by three armed men - and she took Asha to the police station to report it .
Several days later , after two suspects had been arrested , she was asked to return to the station with her niece .
To her surprise the girl was taken into custody too .
" I tried to speak to the police but they said they were not talking , " she said .
Three days later , after Asha had been tried in an Islamist court , she was stoned to death .
" They said that the girl had chatted up these men and had confessed to adultery , " she said .
But the aunt said the authorities clearly failed to notice her age , how mentally disturbed she was by her experience , or her history of mental illness .
" She was only 13 years old .
I have got her card from Hagarder refugee camp which has her age on it .
She might have looked a bit older , but you could tell her age by talking to her , " she said .
Law and order
Other critics point to the lack of lawyers , witnesses or appeal process .
The Islamists were reported to have announced their verdict the day before the stoning from cars with loudspeakers .
But Asha 's aunt was not informed of the court 's decision - despite repeated visits to the police station .
A public flogging in Mogadishu
Enlarge Image
" I was not even told that she was to be killed , I just heard it from people after it happened .
" I do n't know what crime she committed other than being raped ; and I was not even allowed to see her body , " she said .
Al - Shabab in Kismayo has refused attempts by the BBC to discuss the stoning .
It is almost two years since the Ethiopian - backed interim government ousted the Union of Islamic Courts ( UIC ) , which had ruled much of Somalia for nearly six months .
In 2006 , the UIC was generally welcomed for the law and order it brought to a country bedevilled by more than a decade of civil war and clan fighting .
UIC fighters launched an insurgency following what many Somalis regarded as an Ethiopian invasion .
Its youth and military wing , al - Shabab , gained notoriety for its determination , despite its much smaller numbers .
Fear
The group , which is on the US terror list and is said to have links with al - Qaeda , has since split from the UIC , angered by its current peace negotiations with the government .
It does not work against the UIC , but it favours co-operating with other groups including : • The Kaanboni , led by Hassan Turki , who is also on the US terror list •
The Islamic Front , a new group about which very little is known .
For example , since mid-August , when they captured the Lower Jubba , Middle Jubba and Gedo regions from local clan militia , they now share the administration with existing officials .
According to well - informed sources in the regions who requested anonymity , these groups instil fear among the local population .
" You keep quiet and follow the commands of the Islamists , or emigrate to neighbouring countries , or simply die and leave this world , " one of them said .
In Mogadishu , al - Shabab insurgents are said to move around the city freely - often in vehicles captured from the government .
The government forces and troops from Ethiopia and the African Union are limited to the airport , port , presidential palace and a few military camps .
Besides the central city of Baidoa , these are the only areas government forces now hold .
When they attempt to move between these points , they are often ambushed by the Islamists .
A few weeks ago , al - Shabab held a military parade in a former military camp in the capital , where they carried out a public flogging of two men sentenced by an Islamic court over a family dispute .
The flogging took place in front of crowds of local residents , and was orchestrated to show just who is running the show .
Death threats Al - Shabab insurgents have a countrywide organisation , threatening anyone they perceive to be supporting the government with text messages .
They are wrong if they committed a kidnap .
They will have to be punished under Sharia law
Hiiran 's al - Shabab Chairman Sheikh Ali Dheere
One human rights activist outside the capital told the BBC that he was ordered to close down his offices .
He said he began receiving quite frequent threatening messages on his mobile .
So he stopped using his phone .
Eventually a relative brought him a stern message from al - Shabab .
It said if he did not stop his work , he would be killed .
As the government has lost ground over the last five months , the number of attacks on civil society activists , local non-governmental workers and international aid workers has increased .
Some have been shot dead point - blank ; others have been kidnapped and are still missing .
Most suspect that those behind the attacks are al - Shabab insurgents , even if no - one dares say so publicly .
In the central Hiiran region , where most towns have seen a presence of al - Shabab and the more moderate UIC since July , people have been more vocal in their complaints .
' Not Islamic ' A former army engineer and political activist detailed examples of those targeted because of their association with Ethiopia or the West .
" They have killed 17 civilians without reason or due process including two teachers and a well - known traditional elder , Da'ar Hirsi Hooshow , " the man , whose name is being withheld for his own safety , told the BBC .
The teachers worked at a school that taught English and employed foreign staff .
The shooting of Mr Hooshow , who was known to be holding talks with Ethiopian troops before he was shot dead on 10 October , prompted angry scenes in Beled Weyne .
Town residents stoned al - Shabab centres believing them to be behind the killing .
And while the UIC may share al - Shabab 's aim to see the Ethiopians leave the country , it has distanced itself from its former allies .
On Monday , UIC authorities in Beled Weyne arrested nine al - Shabab members for allegedly kidnapping an official over the weekend " We did n't ask them to do any operation at all , " Hiiran 's al - Shabab Chairman Sheikh Ali Dheere told the BBC .
" They are wrong if they committed a kidnap .
They will have to be punished under Sharia law , " he said .
But many fear that law and order is not al - Shabab 's priority .
" They are holding this region with the barrel of the gun , and it has nothing to do with Islam , " the Hiiran political activist said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Despite a stern warning to the North , Mrs Clinton also extended a hand Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says the United States is watching North Korea very closely to see if it ends " provocative language and actions " .
Speaking in Japan , Mrs Clinton promised that the US would offer North Korea aid if it eliminated its nuclear programme .
It comes amid mounting speculation that Pyongyang is preparing to test - fire a long - range missile - a move Mrs Clinton said would be unhelpful .
Mrs Clinton is in Japan on the first leg of an Asian tour .
The US secretary of state also announced that Japan 's Prime Minister Taro Aso will meet President Barack Obama at the White House next week .
Mr Aso will be the first foreign leader to visit Mr Obama , a reflection of the emphasis the new US administration wants to put on its ties with Asia , analysts say .
This is also the first time Asia has been the initial trip for a new US secretary of state since the 1960s .
Olive branch Despite her stern warning to North Korea , Mrs Clinton also extended a hand .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I have said on several occasions that if North Korea abides by the obligations it has already entered into and verifiably and completely eliminates its nuclear programme , then there will be a reciprocal response , certainly from the United States , " she said .
Mrs Clinton said it was up to North Korea to decide whether it wanted to abide by its promises to denuclearise .
On Monday , Pyongyang asserted its right to " space development " , fuelling reports that it plans to launch a missile test .
The Bush administration removed the North from its list of state sponsors of terrorism last year .
Analysts say that has decreased leverage over Pyongyang , and the reclusive government may believe it can gain more by raising tensions than by accepting an olive branch .
Representatives of the US , South Korea , North Korea , China , Russia and Japan will hold security talks in Moscow at the end of the week as part of efforts to re-start the six - party talks intended to bring an end to North Korea 's nuclear programmes .
Economic difficulties Mrs Clinton began the second day of her regional tour with a visit to a Shinto shrine - a peaceful monument dedicated to Emperor Meiji , who is considered to be the founder of modern Japan .
Mrs Clinton says balance and harmony infuse America 's role in the world She said the harmony and balance represented by the shrine would set the tone for the foreign policy of Barack Obama .
Mrs Clinton also met US embassy officials , and signed an agreement to move about 8,000 US Marines on the Japanese island of Okinawa to the US Pacific territory of Guam .
She earlier described America 's relations with Asia as indispensable , in comments welcomed by Japanese Foreign Minister Hirofumi Nakasone .
Her visit comes at a time of intense economic and political stress for the Japanese government of Prime Minister Taro Aso .
His popularity has plunged to new lows , his finance minister has resigned , and the economy has shrunk so much that a minister likened the situation to the end of World War II .
Mrs Clinton said she was " absolutely confident " the two countries could navigate through the economic difficulties .
Mrs Clinton will visit Jakarta , followed by Seoul .
Her final stop will be Beijing .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Newswise —
Many older adults worry — a lot .
Almost one in 10 Americans over age 60 suffer from an anxiety disorder that causes them to worry excessively about normal things — like health , finances , disability and family .
Although antidepressant drugs known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) can improve anxiety symptoms in younger adults , little has been known about their effects in older people .
In the largest study of SSRIs in older people with anxiety disorders , a team of psychiatric researchers found the drug escitalopram ( LexaproÂ® ) improved anxiety symptoms and quality of life .
Results are reported in the Jan. 21 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Patients in the study had Generalized Anxiety Disorder ( GAD ) , a condition of chronic , difficult - to - control worry .
Associated symptoms include insomnia , fatigue , muscle tension and irritability .
" A person with Generalized Anxiety Disorder spends , on average , about 40 hours a week worrying , so it 's almost like having a full - time job , " says principal investigator Eric J. Lenze , M.D. , associate professor of psychiatry at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis .
" They worry about very real things , but the inability to put those worries out of their minds makes the condition disabling . "
Older adults with anxiety disorders are typically either not treated or prescribed sedative drugs known by trade names such as ValiumÂ® and XanaxÂ® .
Sedatives can relieve anxiety , but their long - term use in older adults is linked to falls and cognitive impairment .
SSRI drugs are thought to be a safer alternative , but it was n't clear if they could reduce anxiety in this age group .
Lenze led the study while at the University of Pittsburgh .
His team studied 177 people over the age of 60 .
Average age was about 73 .
Half received the SSRI drug escitalopram , and the rest took an inactive placebo .
Participants took one pill per day .
If their symptoms did n't improve after four weeks , a second pill was added .
In patients receiving the drug , taking two pills increased the dosage from 10 mg. to 20 mg .
The higher dose more effectively reduced anxiety .
After 12 weeks of treatment , 68 percent of patients taking escitalopram had improved .
About 51 percent of those taking the placebo showed improvement .
" We found improvements not only in anxiety and level of worry but also in functioning , " Lenze says .
" Many people who took the drug felt they were better able to carry out daily role activities related to their work or family life . "
Interestingly , the researchers also noted that escitalopram helped some patients lower blood pressure .
" We noticed if their blood pressure was normal , it stayed the same .
If they had high blood pressure , it got better , " he says .
" It 's a preliminary finding , and more research is needed , but it suggests that anxiety treatment in this age group can help with other health problems . "
The main side effect of escitalopram in this study was fatigue and sleepiness .
That surprised the research team because the drug is not a sedative ; however , the symptoms usually went away after a few weeks , and the drug was well tolerated overall .
Although escitalopram helped , Lenze calls the benefits modest .
" That does n't mean an older adult should n't take an SSRI for an anxiety disorder , but it appears the medication alone usually wo n't be sufficient , " he says .
" We 're currently conducting a study that combines drug treatment with a type of psychotherapy called cognitive behavior therapy . "
That study includes investigators at the University of Pittsburgh , the University of California at San Diego and Washington University .
This study treats patients for 56 weeks .
Lenze believes the long - term nature of the study will provide better answers about how to effectively treat anxiety in older adults and whether doing so improves health .
" Most older adults with an anxiety disorder never see a mental health specialist , " Lenze says .
" They are more likely to see a gastroenterologist for GI difficulties or a rheumatologist for muscle pain than to go to a psychiatrist .
They may feel stress and worry about things , but some other symptom is what gets them to go to the doctor . "
Lenze , EJ , Rollman BL , Shear MK , Dew MA , Pollock BG , Ciliberti C , Costantino M , Snyder S , Shi P , Spitznagel E , Andreescu C , Butters MA , Reynolds CF III .
Escitalopram for older adults with generalized anxiety disorder : a randomized controlled trial .
Journal of the American Medical Association , vol 301( 3 ) , pp. 295-303 .
Jan. 21 , 2009
This study was supported by the National Institute of Mental Health , the John A. Hartford Center of Excellence in Geriatric Psychiatry and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center endowment in geriatric psychiatry .
Forest Laboratories , which holds the U.S. patent for escitalopram , provided the drug and matching placebo for the study .
Lenze receives research support from Forest Laboratories .
Washington University School of Medicine 's 2,100 employed and volunteer faculty physicians also are the medical staff of Barnes - Jewish and St. Louis Children 's Hospitals .
The School of Medicine is one of the leading medical research , teaching , and patient care institutions in the nation , currently ranked third in the nation by U.S. News & World Report .
Through its affiliations with Barnes - Jewish and St. Louis Children 's Hospitals , the School of Medicine is linked to BJC HealthCare .
Hyperinflation in the U.S. has n’t happened for quite some time .
The last two instances that come to mind are confederate money in the 1860s and the continentals in the 1770s .
In both these cases , governments used inflation to finance wars because their tax systems were weak .
A strong tax system ( from the government ’s perspective ) has several aspects .
It has a large productive capacity that it can tax without causing production to decline by a great deal .
It can enforce tax collections .
The required taxes are low compared to the overall government spending .
The U.S. tax system is not weak , but it is weakening .
The productive capacity is difficult to evaluate , but it too has probably weakened .
The U.S. economy has a large government sector ( at least 40 percent ) that is relatively inefficient .
It also interferes with and distorts the private economy .
The federal government has not been able to finance its spending by current taxes in a long time .
Instead it has resorted to borrowing ( deficit spending ) and inflation .
The results are a large national debt and a depreciating currency .
U.S. government financing has weakened further in the past year .
The government is borrowing very heavily to pay for such actions as the absorption of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , bailouts of AIG and large banks , and the rest of the Troubled Assets Relief Program .
A short while ago , the government sent out $ 160 billions of dollars of tax rebates .
Meanwhile the Fed has , on its own and with government cooperation , vastly increased credits to the private economy .
This has dramatically inflated the monetary base .
The prospects for further tax cuts and higher government spending are bright .
In particular , the federal and state governments have made large promises in Social Security and Medicare that , if carried out , mean much higher future government expenditures .
These can not be financed by higher taxes , as they would be too high and crimp production .
This spells greater deficit spending , which in turn raises the prospect of higher inflation .
In fact , the Fed has already begun to buy more securities in the open market .
This " monetizes " debt or creates base money that allows banks to increase lending if they so choose .
Hyperinflation is not an immediate prospect for the U.S. , but considering the positions of both the government and the Fed , much higher inflation in base money and a rising price level for goods are both definite prospects .
It is not too early to review what happens in a hyperinflation , if only to help discern and understand the kinds of actions our government and central bank are taking now .
I focus on the German hyperinflation of 1919 — 23 .
Hyperinflation has a single proximate cause , which is the central bank ’s large expansion of the monetary base .
What causes such expansion ?
Large government deficits are one major cause .
Fiscal deficits are financed by issuing treasury bonds .
When the central bank buys these , it makes the monetary base rise .
Government deficits , which have many causes such as wars and social programs , signal a weakness in the political and fiscal systems , which result in taxes not being high enough to cover government spending .
The central bank itself causes an independent expansion of the base when it decides to issue credits to such entities as banks , businesses , and other central banks .
A major step in the course of a hyperinflation is a change in public behavior .
The public decides to exchange depreciating paper for real assets such as goods and gold .
When acted upon , this desire raises the velocity of money , causing the price level to accelerate its increase .
Suppose that the central bank begins an inflation by going off gold entirely , so that the currency is not convertible into gold .
The next step is that the central bank greatly increases the monetary base .
Perhaps it buys the government ’s bonds or issues credits to the business sector .
The next critical step in hyperinflation is that the public stops accepting the currency as a medium of exchange and attempts to flee from using it .
The reasons behind that are a loss of faith in the government .
The public may decide that the government ’s deficits are too large for it to handle , or that the government is unable to address some overwhelming problems .
Rising prices combined with social and economic problems that are out of control may hasten the public ’s disillusionment with the currency .
These steps do not occur according to any fixed time schedule .
They vary in length and magnitude .
They vary according to the specifics of a nation ’s economy and the situation of the government .
They vary with actions that the government and the public may take .
The size of the hyperinflation varies .
In other words , the precise pattern of how the hyperinflation works out in practice varies from case to case .
The above provides a loose and rough template .
The public ’s flight to hard assets and away from paper is a shift with no specific catalyst .
However , when it occurs , it occurs very rapidly .
It is a social phenomenon subject to rapid learning .
The change in expectations about currency value spreads like wildfire or like a rumor .
Still , the time span occupied by the whole episode can be several years .
The public ’s spending of its available money balances acts to increase the velocity of money that has already liberally been supplied by the central bank , money that is already in the banking system and economy .
Velocity is the turnover of money into goods .
The increase means that each person who receives paper money acts to spend it as quickly as possible ; money changing hands rapidly means high turnover and high velocity .
The result is that prices rise .
There is no known theory that details the timing of the public abandonment of the paper currency .
The episode of German hyperinflation during 1919 — 1923 had its roots in World War I and the German central bank going off gold ( suspending conversion ) on July 31 , 1914 .
The government did not have a strong enough tax system to finance the war , so it used inflationary finance : borrowing and central bank purchases of the bonds .
The German hyperinflation began in October 1918 and ended when the government introduced a new currency called the Rentenmark in April of 1924 .
In the buildup to the hyperinflation , the 5 years preceding 1918 , the money in circulation rose by 440 percent .
By comparison , that degree of growth ( in M1 ) has taken the U.S. since August of 1978 or 30 years .
The U.S. inflation has been far slower than the German inflation that preceded its hyperinflation .
Between 1913 and 1918 , the prices of domestically - produced goods rose 239 % in Germany while imported goods rose by 214 % .
In the U.S. , the CPI has risen 326 percent since 1978 .
In both cases , the money growth accompanied and no doubt caused the goods prices to rise .
In both cases , goods prices did not rise as much as money rose in this stage .
Gold or the U.S. dollar ( at that time linked to gold ) rose only 57 percent against the mark between 1913 and 1918 .
Since 1978 , in the U.S. , gold has risen from $ 193 to about $ 850 in 2008 .
This rise of 440 percent matches the rise in money in circulation .
If 1979 is used as a base year , the gold rise is from $ 307 to $ 850 , which is 176 percent .
If 1980 is used , the rise is from $ 613 to $ 850 , which is 39 percent .
These data suggest that in the base period before hyperinflation occurs , gold had some tendency in Germany to lag behind the rise in money in circulation that had occurred .
But in the case of the U.S. , this does not seem to have been the case .
From October 1918 to July 1919 , inflation continued .
The German government increased its borrowing ( by issue of treasury bonds ) by 57 percent .
The central bank bought these bonds , and money in circulation also rose by 57 percent .
Domestic goods rose in price by 43 percent and imported goods rose by 66 percent .
Gold went up by 129 percent .
This meant that the exchange rate was falling substantially , making imported goods more costly .
The government , which was causing the inflation , operated on the theory that it was not causing inflation .
As prices rose , the government thought that it was supplying the currency that people demanded .
It blamed the inflation on a variety of factors , including the falling exchange rate .
The latter was associated with higher prices for imported goods .
Far from being the cause of inflation , the depreciating exchange rate reflected the central bank ’s inflation .
It was between August 1919 and February 1920 that hyperinflation took hold .
The government issues of bonds rose 14 percent and the money in circulation rose 33 percent .
However , internal prices rose far more : 185 percent .
The velocity of money had increased dramatically .
Imported goods prices rose 847 percent and gold rose 427 percent .
Gold ’s price overshot ( or the exchange rate fell too far ) because in the next period , February 1920 to May 1921 , gold fell by 37 percent and the prices of imported goods fell 63 percent .
This was not due to any less money growth or lower government bond issues , for treasury bonds were doubled in this period and money in circulation went up 50 percent .
The cost of food rose another 39 percent .
While this period showed a respite in what was to come , the continuing huge increase in the government borrowing and the consequent increase in money in circulation did not bode well .
The data on gold and goods prices in this period show clearly that hyperinflation is an uneven process in an economy .
Prices do not all move mechanically in lockstep or in one direction .
Speculative prices can undershoot and overshoot their eventual arrival points at different times .
Although the large increase in government debt and money in circulation provided fuel for the next stage , velocity did not rise in this period .
The flight from the mark had abated for a time .
There was a respite or corrective phase that occurred .
It was the calm before the storm .
From May 1921 to July 1922 , once again government debt and money continued to rise at very high rates of 74 percent and 149 percent , respectively .
The public reacted .
Once again , the velocity rose steeply as internal prices rose 635 percent and imported goods prices rose 810 percent .
Gold rose by 692 percent .
These data suggest that if the government keeps up the bond issues and if the central bank keeps buying them , then the public will recognize this process , even though there may be lags in that recognition of some months .
When that recognition occurs , velocity will again accelerate and prices will rise steeply .
In 1922 , the central bank started making commercial loans , an independent source of money creation beyond monetizing government debt .
This caused the money in circulation to increase faster than the growth in government bonds .
Gold and the exchange rate began to anticipate the movement of internal prices of goods .
In the period July 1922 to June 1923 , gold and the prices of imports , which are linked via the exchange rate , soared by unimaginably high factors of over 22,000 .
Internal prices rose by a factor of over 18,000 .
Velocity was still rising , because money in circulation rose by a factor of over 8,500 , which was less than the price rise factor .
Government debt issues rose by a factor of over 7,100 .
As fast as the government debt issues rose , that fast did the central bank monetize them .
And velocity rose even faster .
The final period of hyperinflation has such large numbers that they lose all meaning other than to say that internal prices , the price of gold , and the money in circulation all moved in close correspondence .
At this stage , the economy enters a kind of pure quantity theory world in which velocity is some very high figure that has reached a practical physical limit , and in which every increase in money is translated into a similar increase in prices .
Before that stage , as we have seen , there is room for lags and variations .
The detailed story of the German hyperinflation appears in the book by Bruscioni - Turroni available here , which provided the relevant figures reported above .
This brief summary emphasized the role of fiscal deficits .
The U.S. government has a much stronger tax collection system than Weimar Germany .
Yet , it is now running the largest official deficit in its history .
In 2008 , the treasury reports here that outlays exceeded receipts by $ 816 billion .
In the last three months of 2008 , the deficits were $ 485 billion alone .
The 2009 deficit will easily exceed $ 1 trillion .
Given the programs being passed and discussed , a deficit nearer $ 2 trillion is possible .
A series of such large deficits is likely according to the Obama administration .
The Fed has already indicated its intention to monetize the debt issues of the treasury to an unknown extent .
Political factors that are systematic are driving the weakening financial position of the U.S. government .
The government is geared toward higher and higher spending .
The public largely supports this .
Higher taxes , however , are unpopular .
The government is expected to insure and / or bail out all sorts of contingencies .
These expectations are rising .
The number of groups seeking relief is growing as the recession deepens .
When government and its deficits reach a very high level , as they now are , the situation engenders hopelessness .
Cutting small programs is rightly viewed as ineffective , while cutting large programs is viewed as politically impossible .
The result is that government spending goes out of control .
The government has no firm commitment to getting its fiscal house in order .
It has no firm plan that it has made public and committed to .
Its promises are in the opposite direction .
There is no credible plan to reduce expenditures , reduce borrowing , and use taxes to fund the government ’s outlays .
The debt continues to rise at an accelerated pace .
Weak statements made by officials that they want to build a fiscally responsible government lack credibility without actions to back them up .
The testimony of Timothy Geithner provides an example .
When asked about the effect of raising current spending on long - run deficits , his reply provided no assurance other than an acknowledgment that such a problem existed :
" We must move quickly and boldly to get our economy back on track .
It is also important , however , that our program to restore economic growth be accompanied by a clear and compelling strategy to get us back as quickly as possible to a sustainable fiscal position .
" It is critically important to balance short - run and long - run objectives , and I think it is right for us all to worry about whether certain stimulus measures could create another bubble or other detrimental long - run costs .
" I believe that President Obama ’s plan provides the appropriate type and level of stimulus to stimulate consumer demand quickly and save or create 3.5 million jobs for American workers , while also making an important down payment on strategic long term priorities such as reducing the cost of health care .
This plan helps achieve both short and long term objectives and is an important strategy to put in place right away . "
At several places in his testimony , Geithner emphasizes taking strong action now , which means running much higher deficits .
( He believes that the actions must be so large that they restore public confidence and cause the public to start borrowing and buying again , or businesses to start investing again .
That is his theory , at any rate . )
He accepts the fact that this causes problems such as an unsustainable government fiscal position , but he is unable to articulate any specific plan of action to deal with that looming problem that the government ’s spending actions will cause .
His statement is to the effect that he believes that the Obama plan will stimulate employment and that this will raise production and create government revenues .
We have heard this theory countless times in the past , but the growth of the government debt has yet to abate .
We know in the Weimar Germany case that vast increases in government bond issues and inflationary finance disrupted the entire economy .
They did not lead to reduced government borrowing but to greater government borrowing .
This is the history of the U.S. economy since the year 2000 .
Increased borrowing at all levels of the economy has led to a large - scale recession , reduced government revenues , and greater government borrowing .
This lays the foundation for greater inflation in the future .
Geithner ’s other theory is that the Obama health care plan will improve efficiency in the health care sector and reduce government spending and commitments to Medicare .
In light of the history of the government ’s intrusions into health care , this theory is nothing short of pure fantasy .
We can expect the opposite of what Geithner hopes for .
Geithner ’s statements tell us plainly that the federal government will vastly increase its expenditures while having no real plan in place to stem the future red ink .
No plan , no commitment , no credibility .
Holders of assets denominated in U.S. dollars should take note .
The finances of the U.S. government are weakening , and this is the planned policy of the Obama administration .
There are no credible plans in sight that have been made public to alter this in the long run .
There is rather weak talk from the President ’s advisors but no plan .
Future federal commitments loom large .
Federal guarantees and bailouts are large and growing .
Federal deficits are already huge .
All of this points to a weaker dollar .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
Police patrols have been stepped up in Jewish neighbourhoods following the most intense period of antisemitic incidents to have been recorded in Britain in decades .
Safety fears are so acute that reports have emerged of members of Britain 's Jewish community fleeing the UK with antisemitic incidents running at around seven a day this year .
Around 270 cases have been reported in 2009 , according to figures compiled by the Community Security Trust ( CST ) , the body that monitors anti-Jewish racism , with most blamed on anti-Israeli sentiment in reaction to hostilities in Gaza .
Attacks recorded during the first Palestinian intifida of the late 1980s averaged 16 a month .
Scotland Yard is understood to have placed prominent Jewish communities on heightened alert , while the Association of Chief Police Officers ' national community tension team is responding to intelligence by issuing weekly patrol directives to chief constables instructing them of threats to Jewish communities in their areas .
Incidents recorded by the CST include violent assaults in the street , hate emails and graffiti threatening " jihad " against British Jews .
One disturbing aspect involves the targeting of Jewish children .
A Birmingham school is investigating reports that 20 children chased a 12 - year - old girl , its only Jewish pupil , chanting " Kill all Jews " and " Death to Jews " .
In another incident a Jewish schoolgirl reported being bullied at a non-Jewish school because of the Gaza conflict .
CST spokesman Mark Gardner said the current fear of persecution was so profound that some members of the Jewish community were seeking to emigrate to countries where they felt more secure , such as Israel , the United States or Australia .
" I know two families , one of which has already moved and the other which is in the process of moving , who do n't see the point of putting up with this , " he added .
This week the CST will publish its annual report on antisemitic incidents for 2008 , which will reveal that around 550 were recorded in the UK last year , slightly less than the record of 594 in 2006 , when Israel and Lebanon waged a brief but bloody war .
Veteran director and actor Steven Berkoff recently explained the anti-Israeli reaction over Gaza by saying : " England is not a great lover of its Jews .
Never has been " .
Some within Britain 's 350,000 - strong Jewish community accuse the government of not doing enough to condemn the increase in antisemitism .
However , the Board of Deputies of British Jews said it had recently received a letter from the communities minister , Hazel Blears , stating that she was " deeply concerned about the dramatic rise in antisemitic attacks in the UK " .
Mark Frazer , spokesman for the Board of Deputies , said : " We are seeing an unprecedented level of attacks directed at the Jewish community , both physical and verbal .
It is incumbent upon us all to isolate and marginalise those who would derail the legitimate political debate with an extremist and hateful ideology . "
Recorded attacks have centred on the Jewish communities of Golders Green and Hampstead Garden Suburb in north London .
Unethical business practices of an SSL Certificate reseller have been exposed and it is causing many to wonder about the security and practices of SSL providers .
It all started when people started receiving this email stating that their SSL certificate was going to expire :
Dear Webmaster ,
*** Expire Notice for SSL Certificate issued to *.startcom.org ***
Your SSL certificate will expire in 10 Days !
It is important that you
purchase a new certificate to ensure that the security of your website
or application is maintained .
If you are not the webmaster please
forward this message to the appropriate person in your organization .
Current Certificate :
Cert Type. : Standard SSL ( or similar )
Valid from : 2008-01-01
Expires ... : 2008-12-31
Hostname .. : *.startcom.org
Renew with Certstar : http://www.certstar.com/renew/startcom.org/
One to five year terms available starting at just $ 29 per year .
This email is sent as courtesy reminding you to replace your SSL
certificate before it expires and does not indicate customer
relationship .
Replacing / renewal services for certificates are offered by
a multiple providers we do however you will trust Certstar for your
certificate needs .
If you require support or would like to discuss your options with a
sales representative , please use the contact details below .
The problem is that the email came from a Comodo reseller ( CertStar ) who was emailing customers of other certificate authorities .
When users clicked the link , the page actually looked like the page of the Certificate Authority that the certificate was originally bought from which tricks people into thinking that they are renewing with the same company .
This would obviously piss off people thinking that they are renewing their certificate with the same provider .
It also really pisses off the SSL providers that are losing their customers .
One provider then decided to investigate the reseller .
StartCom 's Eddy Nigg ordered an SSL certificate on CertStar 's site to find out who issued the certificates .
He found that he was able to order a certificate for Mozilla.com without having to go through any validation or verify that he was authorized to order the certificate .
He also did this for his own domain , startcom.org , without having to do any validation .
Apparently , Comodo allows its resellers to do ( or not do ) their own validation .
This has grave implications for security because it means a hacker could get a certificate for a popular website and perform man - in - the - middle attacks without a user ever seeing an error about an invalid certificate .
After Eddy posted this on his blog , several things happened :
Comodo investigated this reseller and suspended their ability to issue certificates .
They also revoked the certificate for Mozilla.com .
CertStar replaced their order page with a page saying that the certificate is not actually a CertStar certificate .
This really should n't affect anything if CertStar is unable to issue certificates anyway .
It just seems to be a last - ditch attempt to appear legitimate .
They even tried to act like issuing a certificate to Mozilla was just a mistake saying , " A glitch in our validation system has today caused a certificate to be issued to a person who successfully abused our system .
We have now strengthened our domain validation system so that such abuse cannot happen again .
Comodo has handled this issue in a professional way by invoking the certificate immediately after issuing and contacting Certstar . "
They even tried to act like issuing a certificate to Mozilla was just a mistake saying , " A glitch in our validation system has today caused a certificate to be issued to a person who successfully abused our system .
We have now strengthened our domain validation system so that such abuse cannot happen again .
Comodo has handled this issue in a professional way by invoking the certificate immediately after issuing and contacting Certstar .
" Discussion about revoking Comodo 's root certificate and the security implications have come up .
It will be interesting to see what kind of changes occur from this incident .
It may increase the value of EV certificates or it may just cause Comodo to rethink its reseller program policies .
Note : A lot of people seem to think that this incident demonstrates that Certificate Authorities and SSL does n't work at all .
This is not the case .
This event shows the weakness of certain kinds of certificates ( domain - validated only certificates ) and weakness in the practice of one particular CA .
This , by no means , demonstrates that all CAs are money grubbing machines that do n't even do their job right .
The most valuable lessons we can learn from this are to recognize the value of real vetting and validation and realize that some CAs need to clean up their policies and procedures .
For more disccussion and info about this visit :
Originally posted on Tue Dec 23 , 2008
AMHERST , N.Y . --
The crew of the plane that crashed near Buffalo on Thursday night discussed a “ significant ice buildup ” on the wings and windshield as the aircraft descended through light snow and mist , according to the flight data and voice recordings recovered from the scene of the accident that killed all 49 people on board and one person on the ground .
In a late afternoon news conference , Steven Chealander of the National Transportation Safety Board , who is acting as spokesman for the crash investigation , shared the chilling , technical details of the final minutes of Continental Flight 3407 as it prepared to land at Buffalo International Airport , which federal investigators gleaned from listening to the tapes on Friday .
In the final minute of the flight from Newark Liberty International Aiport , Mr. Chealander said the pilots apparently tried to abort the landing , but the plane violently pitched and rolled and seconds later crashed into a house in Clarence Center , N.Y. , a Buffalo suburb six miles from the airport .
“ The crew commented at 16,000 feet that they noticed it was rather hazy and requested to descend to 12,000 feet , and shortly after that request , they were cleared to 11,000 , ” he said .
“ Around that time , the crew discussed significant ice buildup , on the windshield and leading edge of the wings . ”
He said that the de-icing system had already been in the on-position when the crew discussed the ice on the plane .
The plane continued its descent , and the crew lowered the landing gear with a minute left on the tape .
Forty seconds later , the pilots extended the flaps , the moveable panels on the rear edge of the wings that allow a plane to maintain lift as it slows .
But within seconds of extending the flaps , the plane experienced “ severe pitch and roll excursions , ” meaning that the nose pointed up and down and the wings wagged from side to side , said Mr. Chealander .
“ After that , ” he said , “ the crew attempted to raise the gear and flaps just before the end of the recording . ”
Mr. Chealander , a former airline captain , emphasized that the board was in a “ fact - gathering stage ” and would not analyze the data now .
However , the sequence he described is consistent with previous crashes caused by icing .
There is no indication so far that the weather was unusual for Buffalo in February .
Visibility around the airport was three miles , with snow and mist .
“ That ’s icing conditions , ” Mr. Chealander said .
The airplane , a Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 with two turboprop engines and room for 74 passengers , is certified for flight into “ known icing conditions . ”
But when the pilots change the shape of the wings , by moving the flaps or other controls , sometimes buildups of ice that were not a factor in an earlier configuration are suddenly exposed to the passing wind and make the plane uncontrollable .
Image
An undated image provided by Google Maps of the home at 6038 Long Street in Clarence , N.Y. Credit ...
Google Maps , via Associated Press
The flight data recorder was unusually comprehensive , measuring 250 different data points at frequent intervals , including use of the anti-icing system , but it did not record whether that system actually worked .
On the Dash 8 , a turboprop , the anti-icing system consists mostly of rubber , tire - like pneumantic “ boots , ” said Mr. Chealander .
These “ boots ” inflate and shrink , breaking off accumulations of ice from the forward edges of the wings .
While investigators in Washington continued to comb through the tapes for causes of the crash , investigators on the ground were searching for clues from the aircraft and for remains of the victims .
Everyone aboard the plane -- including 44 passengers , a crew of 4 and an off - duty airline employee -- and one person in a house destroyed by the plane was killed , said Chris Collins , the Erie County executive .
Two others in the house , a 57 - year - old woman and her 22 - year - old daughter , suffered minor injuries and were taken to a nearby hospital , where they were treated and released , officials said .
Among those on the flight was Alison L. Des Forges , a historian and human rights advocate who documented the 1994 genocide in Rwanda and investigated related issues in Burundi and Democratic Republic of the Congo , according to Emma Daly , communications director of Human Rights Watch in New York City .
Also on the flight was Beverly Eckert , the widow of Sean Rooney , a Buffalo native who died at the World Trade Center in the terror attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Ms. Eckert was on her way to Buffalo for a weekend celebration of what would have been her husband ’s 58th birthday , and had planned to take part in the presentation of a scholarship award at Canisius High School that she had established in his honor , The Buffalo News reported .
Ms. Eckert met President Obama last week at the White House , along with other relatives of people killed in the 2001 attacks or the bombing of the U.S.S. Cole .
Speaking at the White House late Friday morning , Mr. Obama said that Ms. Eckert “ was an inspiration to me and to so many others , and I pray that her family finds peace and comfort in the hard days ahead . ”
Continental Airlines said the pilot of the flight , Continental Connection Flight 3407 , was Capt .
Marvin Renslow , 47 , from Lutz , Fla. ; the first officer was Rebecca Shaw ; flight attendants were Matilda Quintero and Donna Prisco ; and the off - duty employee traveling on the flight was Capt .
Joseph Zuffoletto .
The flight was operated by Colgan Air under contract to Continental , and it has been using that type of plane since February 2008 .
Image Among those on board was Beverly Eckert , the widow of Sean Rooney , who died in the Sept. 11 attacks on the World Trade Center , according to The Buffalo News .
Credit ...
Douglas Healey / Associated Press
Among those on the flight was Maddy Loftus , 24 , from Parsippany , N.J. , who was traveling to a reunion of the women ’s ice hockey team at Buffalo State College , said Jeff Ventura , the sports information director at the school .
Ms. Loftus was the first girl on the Parsippany Hills High School boys ’ ice hockey team , before playing forward for Buffalo State from 2002 to 2004 , and then at St. Mary ’s University in Minnesota .
Her father , Mike , flew for years as a pilot for Continental Airlines , according to several news reports .
Two members of Chuck Mangione ’s band , Coleman Mellett , a guitarist , and Gerry Niewood , a saxaphonist , also were among the victims , according to the Associated Press .
In Buffalo , employees at the 600 - person office of Northrop Grumman , a defense contractor , Jack Martin , a spokesman for the company , confirmed that four colleagfues had died in the crash , but he declined to release their names .
The death of Cantor Susan Wehle , from Temple Beth Am in Williamsville , N.Y , was confirmed by the Jewish Federation of Greater Buffalo .
According to the Temple ’s Web site , she had in 2006 recorded a CD of her work , “ Songs of Hope and Healing . ”
Clay Yarber , 62 , a Vietnam veteran who had twice survived helicopter accidents during the war , also died in the crash .
" That is one of the bitter ironies of all this for us , " a former wife , Michele Keratsis , said in a telephone interview .
She said that after his service in Vietnam , " he was not happy to get on a plane at anytime . "
At a command center where officials gathered after the accident , Chris Kausner told CNN that his sister , Ellyce Kausner , was on the flight .
He said she was connecting from Jacksonville , Fla. , where she was a law student .
When a reporter asked Mr. Kausner how his family was taking the news , he said : “ I heard my mother make a sound into the phone that I had never heard before .
So , not good . ”
An intense fire at the site of the crash , fueled by a natural gas leak , initially made it difficult for the investigators to retrieve the voice and data recorders , Mr. Chealander said .
Fourteen investigators from the board are at work seeking the cause of the crash , he said at a news conference on Friday morning .
Tony Tatro , who lives near the crash site , told CNN that he was driving home when the plane passed about 75 feet overhead , with its nose pitched lower than normal and its wings tilted .
The plane struck the ground moments later , he said .
The plane took off nearly two hours late from Newark Liberty Airport at 9:19 p.m. and crashed about 10:20 p.m.
Eastern time , five minutes before it was due to land .
David Bissonette , the emergency coordinator for the town of Clarence Center , told reporters around 4 a .m. that the plane had made “ a direct hit ” on the house at 6038 Long Street in Clarence Center .
A new molecule that performs the essential function of life – self - replication – could shed light on the origin of all living things .
If that was n’t enough , the laboratory - born ribonucleic acid ( RNA ) strand evolves in a test tube to double itself ever more swiftly .
“ Obviously what we ’re trying to do is make a biology , ” says Gerald Joyce , a biochemist at the Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla , California .
He hopes to imbue his team ’s molecule with all the fundamental properties of life : self - replication , evolution , and function .
Joyce and colleague Tracey Lincoln made their chemical out of RNA because most researchers think early life stored information in this sister molecule to DNA .
And unlike the stuff of our genomes , RNA molecules can catalyse chemical reactions .
Advertisement
“ We ’re trying to jump in at the last signpost we have back there in the early history of life , ” Joyce says .
Molecular brew
Rather than start with RNA enzymes – ribozymes – present in other organisms , Joyce ’s team created its own molecule from scratch , called R3C .
It performed a single function : stitching two shorter RNA molecules together to create a clone of itself .
Further lab tinkering made this molecule better at copying itself , but this is not the same as bringing it to life .
It self - replicated to a point , but eventually clogged up in shapes that could no longer sew RNA pieces together .
“ It was a real dog , ” Joyce says .
To improve R3C , Lincoln redesigned the molecule to forge a sister RNA that could itself join two other pieces of RNA into a functioning ribozyme .
That way , each molecule makes a copy of its sister , a process called cross replication .
The population of two doubles and doubles until there are no more starting bits of RNA left .
“ We just let them cook , let them amplify themselves silly , ” he says
Lab evolution
Not content with achieving one hallmark of life in the lab , Joyce and Lincoln sought to evolve their molecule by natural selection .
They did this by mutating sequences of the RNA building blocks , so that 288 possible ribozymes could be built by mixing and matching different pairs of shorter RNAs .
What came out bore an eerie resemblance to Darwin ’s theory of natural selection : a few sequences proved winners , most losers .
The victors emerged because they could replicate fastest while surrounded by competition , Joyce says .
“ I would n’t call these molecules alive , ” he cautions .
For one , the molecules can evolve only to replicate better .
Reproduction may be the strongest – perhaps only – biological urge , yet even simple organisms go about this by more complex means than breakneck division .
Bacteria and humans have both evolved the ability to digest lactose , or milk sugar , to ensure their survival , for instance .
Joyce says his team has endowed its molecule with another function , although he will not say what that might be before his findings are published .
More fundamentally , to mimic biology , a molecule must gain new functions on the fly , without laboratory tinkering .
Joyce says he has no idea how to clear this hurdle with his team ’s RNA molecule .
“ It does n’t have open - ended capacity for Darwinian evolution . ”
Missing witness
A life - mimicking molecule will also need to assemble itself from simpler components than two halves , says Michael Robertson , a biochemist at the University of California , Santa Cruz .
Both DNA and RNA currently replicate with the help of a protein enzyme that joins individual nucleotide “ letters ” .
Early life may have done the same , or it could have joined short stretches of RNA , Robertson says .
Moreover , efforts to create more life in the labs will eventually hit a philosophical wall , not a technical one .
“ If somebody makes something great in the lab , it ’s fantastic .
But really the origin of life on Earth is an historical problem that we ’re never going to be able to witness and verify , ” he says .
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1167856 )
Debian , Philosophy , and People
Given the recent brouhaha in Debian , and General Resolution regarding Lenny ’s Release policy as it relates to Firmware and Debian ’s Social Contract , which has led to the resignation of Manoj Srivastava from the position of Secretary for the Debian Project , I ’m reminded of the following passage from Gordon Dickson ’s Tactics of Mistakes ( part of Dickson ’s Childe Cycle , in which he tells the story of the rise of the Dorsai ) :
“ No , ” said Cletus .
“ I ’m trying to explain to you why I ’d never make an Exotic .
In your calmness in the face of possible torture and the need to kill yourself , you were showing a particular form of ruthlessness .
It was ruthlessness toward yourself — but that ’s only the back side of the coin .
You Exotics are essentially ruthless toward all men , because you ’re philosophers , and by and large , philosophers are ruthless people . ” “ Cletus ! ” Mondar shook his head .
“ Do you realize what you ’re saying ? ” “ Of course , ” said Cletus , quietly .
“ And you realize it as well as I do .
The immediate teaching of philosophers may be gentle , but the theory behind their teaching is without compunction — and that ’s why so much bloodshed and misery has always attended the paths of their followers , who claim to live by those teachings .
More blood ’s been spilled by the militant adherents of prophets of change than by any other group of people down through the history of man . ”
The conflict between idealism and pragmatism is a very old one in the Free and Open Source Software Movement .
At one end of the spectrum stands Richard Stallman , who has never compromised on issues regarding his vision of Software Freedom .
Standing at various distances from this idealistic pole are various members of the Open Source Community .
For example , in the mid-1990 ’s , I used to give presentations about Linux using Microsoft Powerpoint .
There were those in the audience that would give me grief about using a non -free program such as MS Powerpoint , but my response was that I saw no difference between driving a car which had non -free firmware and using a non -free slide presentation program .
I would prefer to use free office suite , but at the time , nothing approached the usability of Powerpoint , and while dual - booting into Windows was a pain , I could do a better job using Powerpoint than other tools , and I refused to handcap myself just to salve the sensibilities of those who felt very strongly about Free Software and who viewed the use of all non-Free Software as an ultimate evil that must be stamped out at all costs .
It is the notion of Free Software as a philosophy , with no compromises , which has been the source of many of the disputes inside Debian .
Consider , if you will , the first clause of the Debian Social Contract :
Debian will remain 100 % free
We provide the guidelines that we use to determine if a work is free in the document entitled The Debian Free Software Guidelines .
We promise that the Debian system and all its components will be free according to these guidelines .
We will support people who create or use both free and non-free works on Debian .
We will never make the system require the use of a non -free component .
This clause has in it no room for compromise .
Note the use of words such as “ 100 % free ” and “ never make the system require the use of a non- free component ” ( emphasis mine ) .
In addition , the Debian Social Contract tends to be interpreted by Computer Programmers , who view such imperatives as constraints that must never be violated , under any circumstances .
Unfortunately , the real world is rarely so cut - and - dried .
Even the most basic injunctions , such as “ Thou shalt not kill ” have exceptions .
Few people might agree with claims made by the U.S. Republican Party that the war in Iraq qualified as a Just War as defined by Thomas Aquinas , but rather more people might agree that the July 20 , 1944 plot to assassinate Hitler would be considered justifiable .
And most people would probably agree most of the actions undertaken by the Allied Soldiers on World War II battlefields that involved killing other soldiers would be considered a valid exception to the moral ( and for those in the Judeo - Christian tradition , biblical ) injunction , “ Thou shalt not kill “ .
As another example , consider the novel and musical Les Misérables , by Victor Hugo .
One of the key themes of this story is whether or not “ Thou shalt not steal ” is an absolute or not .
Ultimately , the police inspector Javert , who lived his whole life asserting that law ( untempered by mercy , or any other human considerations ) was more important than all else , drowns himself in the Seine when he realizes that his life ’s fundamental organizing principle was at odds with what was ultimately the Right Thing To Do .
So if even the sixth and eighth commandments admit to exceptions , why is it that some Debian developers approach the first clause of the Debian Social Contract with a take - no - prisoners , no-exceptions policy ?
Especially given the fourth clause of the Debian Social contract :
Our priorities are our users and free software
We will be guided by the needs of our users and the free software community .
We will place their interests first in our priorities .
We will support the needs of our users for operation in many different kinds of computing environments .
We will not object to non-free works that are intended to be used on Debian systems , or attempt to charge a fee to people who create or use such works .
We will allow others to create distributions containing both the Debian system and other works , without any fee from us .
In furtherance of these goals , we will provide an integrated system of high - quality materials with no legal restrictions that would prevent such uses of the system .
This clause does not have the same sort of absolutist words as the first clause , so many Debian Developers have held that the “ needs of the users ” is defined by “ 100 % free software ” .
Others have not agreed with this interpretation — but regardless of how “ needs of the users ” should be interpreted , the fact of the matter is , injuctions such as “ Thou shalt not kill ” are just as absolute — and yet in the real world , we recognize that there are exceptions to such absolutes , apparently unyielding claims on our behavior .
I personally believe that “ 100 % free software ” is a wonderful aspirational goal , but in particular with regards to standards documents and firmware , there are other considerations that should be taken into account .
People of good will may disagree about what those exceptions should be , but I think one thing that we should consider as even higher priority and with a greater claim on how we behave is the needs of our users and fellow developers __as people .
For those who claim Christianity as their religious tradition , Jesus once stated ,
Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart , and with all thy soul , and with all thy mind .
This is the first and great commandment .
And the second is like unto it :
Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself .
On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets .
Even for those who do not claim Christianity as their religious tradition , most moral and ethical frameworks have some variant on the Golden Rule : “ Do unto others as you would have them do unto you ” .
I would consider , for example , that the Golden Rule is at least a high priority claim on my behavior as the notion of free speech , and in many cases , it would be a higher priority claim .
The recent controversy surrounding Josselin Mouette was started precisely because Joss has taken a something which is a good thing , namely Free Speech , and relegated it to a principle more important than all else , and claiming that any restraint on such a notion was equivalent to censorship .
I think the same thing is true for free software , although it is a subtler trap .
Philosophical claims than “ 100 % free software ” as most important consideration is dangerously close to treating Free Software as the Object of Ultimate Concern — or in religious terms , idolotry .
For those who are religious , it ’s clear why this is a bad thing ; for those who are n’t — if you are unwilling to worship a supernatural being , you may want to very carefully consider whether you are willing to take a philosophical construct and raise it to a position of commanding your highest allegiance to all else , including how you treat other people .
Ultimately , I consider people to be more important than computers , hardware or software .
So over time , while I may have had some disagreements with how Mark Shuttleworth has run Canonical Software and Ubuntu ( but hey , he ’s the multimillionaire , and I ’m not ) , I have to give him props for Ubuntu ’s Code of Conduct .
If Debian Developer took the some kind of Code of Conduct at least as seriously as the Social Contract , I think interactions between Debian Developers would be far more efficient , and in the end the project would be far more successful .
This may , however , require lessening the importance of philosophical constructs such as Free Speech and Free Software , and perhaps becoming more pragmatic and more considerate towards one another .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
The Harvard prayer experiment was a scientific study to qualify and quantity the effects ( if any ) of prayer to affect people .
With support from the Templeton Foundation , cardiologist Herbert Benson and his colleagues randomly assigned 1802 cardiac bypass patients to one of three conditions :
Group 1 : those told they may or may not be prayed for ( and who were n't )
: those told they may or may not be prayed for ( and who were n't ) Group 2 : those told they may or may not be prayed for ( and who were )
: those told they may or may not be prayed for ( and who were ) Group 3 : those told they would be prayed for ( and who were )
For those facing surgery or battling disease , the prayers of others can be a comfort .
Researchers in the Study of the Therapeutic Effects of Intercessory Prayer ( STEP ) , the largest study to examine the effects of intercessory prayer — prayer provided by others — evaluated the impact of such prayer on patients recovering from coronary artery bypass graft ( CABG ) surgery .
The STEP team , composed of investigators at six academic medical centers , including Baptist Memorial Hospital in Memphis , Tennessee ; Beth - Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston , Massachusetts ; Integris Baptist Medical Center in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ; Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota ; St. Joseph ’s Hospital in Tampa , Florida ; Washington Hospital Center in Washington , D.C ; and the Mind / Body Medical Institute , found that intercessory prayer had no effect on recovery from surgery without complications .
The study also found that patients who knew they were receiving intercessory prayer fared worse .
The paper appears in the April issue of American Heart Journal .
“ The primary goal of STEP was to evaluate whether intercessory prayer or the knowledge of receiving it would influence recovery after bypass surgery , ” said co-author Jeffery A. Dusek , Harvard Medical School instructor of medicine and Associate Research Director at the Mind / Body Medical Institute .
Each year , 350,000 Americans have coronary artery bypass graft surgery .
Though medical techniques and post - operative care have improved dramatically in recent years , the surgery is stressful .
Earlier studies have shown that many patients enlist friends and family to provide private prayer for support during surgery and recovery .
STEP investigators enrolled 1,802 bypass surgery patients from six hospitals and randomly assigned each to one of three groups : 604 patients received intercessory prayer after being informed they may or may not receive prayers ( Group 1 ) ; 597 patients did not receive prayer after being informed they may or may not receive prayer ( Group 2 ) ; and 601 patients received intercessory prayer after being informed they would receive it ( Group 3 ) .
Caregivers and independent auditors comparing case reports to medical records were unaware of the patients ’ assignments throughout the study .
The study enlisted members of three Christian groups , two Catholic and one Protestant , to provide prayer throughout the multi- year study .
The researchers approached other denominations , but none were able to make the time commitments that the study required .
Results
Some patients were told they may or may not receive intercessory prayer : complications occurred in 52 percent of those who received prayer ( Group 1 ) versus 51 percent of those who did not receive prayer ( Group 2 ) .
Complications occurred in 59 percent of patients who were told they would receive prayer ( Group 3 ) versus 52 percent , who also received prayer , but were uncertain of receiving it ( Group 1 ) .
Major complications and thirty - day mortality were similar across the three groups .
Major events and 30 - day mortality were similar across the 3 groups .
( 13 in group 1 , 16 in Group 2 , and 14 in Group 3 )
Not only did prayer not help the patients , those that were told they were being prayed for experienced more complications .
Prayers do n't help heart surgery patients
Commentary from William J. Cromie , Harvard News Office
Many - if not most people - believe that prayer will help you through a medical crisis such as heart bypass surgery .
If a large group of people outside yourself , your family , and your friends joined in intercessory prayer , that should be even more helpful , so such reasoning goes .
Third - party prayer has no effect at all on recovery from surgery without complications , noted Jeffery Dusek , an instructor in medicine at Harvard Medical School .
Researchers have been trying to prove this and even to measure the effect .
So far , two studies found that third - party prayers bestow benefits , but two others concluded that there are no benefits .
Now , the largest study to date , covering 1,800 people who underwent coronary bypass surgery at six different hospitals , supported the latter research .
Not only that , but patients who knew that others were praying for them fared worse than those who did not receive such spiritual support , or who did but were not aware of it .
Those who conducted the study are quick to say that its results do not challenge the existence of God .
Also , it did not try to address such religious questions as the efficacy of one form of prayer over others , whether God answers intercessory prayers , or whether prayers from one religious group work better than prayers from another , according to the Rev. Dean Marek , a chaplain at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minn .
Other researchers in the study , who include investigators from Harvard Medical School , Harvard - affiliated Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Mind / Body Medical Institute , agree .
Also involved were teams from medical institutions in Oklahoma City , Washington , D.C. , Memphis , and Rochester , Minn .
" The primary goal of the study was limited to evaluating whether intercessory prayer or the knowledge of receiving it would influence recovery after bypass surgery , " notes Jeffery Dusek , an instructor in medicine at Harvard Medical School .
The evaluation found that third - party prayer has no effect at all on recovery from surgery without complications , and that patients who knew they were receiving prayer fared worse that those who were not prayed for .
STEP up to pray
Known as STEP ( Study of the Therapeutic Effects of Intercessory Prayer ) , it investigated patients undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery , who include 350,000 people in the United States and 800,000 people worldwide each year .
Patients of any or no religious faith were eligible to participate .
Among those chosen were Catholics , Jews , Protestants , and people of no faith .
The 1,802 participants were divided into three groups of about 600 each , with a mean age of about 64 years .
One group received no prayers .
A second group received prayers after being told that they may or may not be prayed for .
The third group was informed that others would pray for them for 14 days starting on the night before their surgery .
The prayers came from three Christian groups , two Catholic , and one Protestant .
The investigators report that , " We were unable to locate other Christian , Jewish , or non-Christian [ groups ] that could receive the daily prayer list required for the study . "
Such lists provided the first name and last initial of the patients .
The intercessors said a standard prayer " for successful surgery with a quick , healthy recovery and no complications . "
This system provides a practical way to conduct the experiment , but limits the results to one type of prayer .
There were all kinds of complications from the surgeries , including 197 cardiac complications for the group who knew they were receiving prayers versus 187 and 158 in the other two groups .
These and other complications occurred in 59 percent of those who were prayed for , compared to 51 percent of those who received no prayers , and 52 percent in the group who received prayers but did n't know it .
Deaths during the 30 days after surgery were similar across groups , 13 and 16 in the prayed - for , 14 in the no-pray group .
The big unanswered question is why there was an excess of complications in patients who knew all those people were praying for them .
The researchers admit they have " no clear explanation . "
To find out , they say , " will require additional study . "
The STEP study was paid for by the John Templeton Foundation , an organization that supports research on the boundary between science and religion .
Medical centers that participated , in addition to Harvard Medical School and its two affiliates , were Baptist Memorial Health Care in Memphis , which supported the research done at its site , Intergris Baptist Medical Center in Oklahoma City , the Mayo Clinic , and the Washington Hospital Center in Washington , D.C. A detailed report appears in the April 4 issue of the American Heart Journal .
The lead author is Herbert Benson of the Mind / Body Medical Institute and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston .
See also
http://www.templeton.org/pdfs/press_releases/060407STEP_paper.pdf " rel= " nofollow " title= " Manuscript of study ( PDF ) " > Manuscript of study ( PDF )
http://www.templeton.org/newsroom/press_releases/060407step.html " rel= " nofollow " title= " Templeton Foundation statement " >
Templeton Foundation statement
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16569567? " rel= " nofollow " title = " Am Heart J. 2006 Apr;151(4):934-42 . " >
Am Heart J. 2006 Apr;151(4):934-42 .
I have discovered the secret of invisibility .
It is not total invisibility but it is not a kick on the backside off it .
I have , for a number of months , not realised that it was in fact invisibility ; I was simply bemused by the fact that people seemed not to see me , but i never got any further in my thinking until today .
It all became clear as I stood in Belfast city centre .
It was as clear as the Albert Clock .
Except that I was as invisible as the " Ulster Says No " banner that still hangs along the front of Stormont .
Here is the secret .
Follow these instructions to the letter and you too can be invisible to almost everyone .
Put on a fluorescent yellow hi-viz coat as worn by athletes who run or cycle at night .
Put on a fluorescent green sparkly cycling helmet .
Train yourself to the edge of super - hero fitness ( mostly this is in your own head ) .
Get on a state - of - the - art Chris Boardman hybrid bicycle with panniers and lights .
Be alert , not because your country needs lerts , but because your very life depends on it
Ride down the Greenway from Dundonald to Belfast ( the old railway line that is now a cycle / walking path ) .
You will find yourself totally invisible to women pushing buggies or walking with toddlers .
They will throw themselves in front of you to grab their children as if you do n't exist .
You will find yourself totally invisible to little old ladies with dogs on the end of extending dog leads .
They will wobble and feint to right and left as you approach .
They could not possibly see you or they would simply walk in a straight line or keep to one side .
You will find yourself totally invisible to little old men with woolly hats and scarves and walking sticks .
This is not an ageist comment - I am one of those men when I am not on my bike .
But why would they lift the stick and wave it with warmth and welcome if they could actually see you cycling down that piece of the path .
Many 's the time I end up on the grass simply to avoid the warmth of it all .
Who are they waving at ?
Blokes with killer dogs are the worst - you know the guys .
They usually look like a pit bull themselves .
They occupy the middle ground as if they are Little John on a tree trunk with Robin Hood approaching .
Their dog then occupies both sides of him simply by the deftness and speed of its movement .
Clearly Little John can not see me approaching .
Surely he could not be making some kind of statement about his manliness by refusing to share the space with the fluorescently clothed super - hero " bike - man " who wishes at that moment that he had taken the bus .
If you do n't believe you are invisible , try this to prove it .
When you get to the Holywood Arches change from the cycle path to the main Newtownards Road and cycle along it into the town centre .
You will be amazed .
Bus drivers can not see you .
Car drivers can not see you .
Mind you , many of them do n't even seem to see each other .
When you get to the Queen 's bridge " road of death " where the flyovers sweep cars down onto you like German Stukas coming out of the sun , where the Short Strand connection to the M3 bridge comes at you from the left like the All Blacks back row , where the Queen 's Bridge multiplies into five lanes then back into four lanes then back into five lanes then back into a swirling eddy of lost and confused drivers ...
YOU ARE TOTALLY INVISIBLE TO EVERYONE .
I thought the captain of the Seacat tooted his horn at me the other day from the Lough because I was so bright but could the car behind me see me ?
Not a chance !
Today , cycling up High Street and into Royal Avenue , a throughway for buses and bicycles ( according to the sign ) or maybe it is a warning that bicycles are in fact invisible ... people walked into me as i sat at traffic lights , they walked in front of me as I cycled towards Castle Court .
Even as I stood in my super - bright clothes locking my bike to a huge lamp post a woman with a buggy ran it into the back of my legs .
At least there was an apology .
Who on earth would apologise to an invisible man ?
I pay my road tax because I also have a car .
I commute on bike because it is good for me , good for the earth , good for the whole cosmos , good for the other road users , cheaper , it annoys Jeremy Clarkson ( whom I envy greatly ) , it makes me feel like Michael Palin , and it is as exciting as an Alton Towers roller coaster without the safety harnesses .
But why does it make me invisible ?
Am I a bad person who deserves to be unseen like the many starving millions who are invisible to us ?
Sorry that is no comparison at all !
Their invisibility is total and unforgivable .
Now a while ago Isaid my invisibility was not total .
There are some people with the gift of sight .
Telegraph sellers !
They see me and wave newspapers at me .
Teenagers in hoodies see me and cheer / jeer as the mood takes them .
Other cyclists can see me - they wave or nod in an " all the best for the Queen 's Bridge " kind of way .
Dogs see me even when their owners can't .
I wonder if the little old ladies ever wonder what it is their West Highland Terriers are barking at .
You know when your dog barks at night in your house and you look out your window to see the murderer approaching but there is no one there .
He is there , but he is not a murderer , he is a cyclist who has ridden past in every light - reflective piece of clothing known to man , but can you see him ?
No .
Taxi drivers can see me , but they have a malevolent spirit about them and , anyway , they want to double and triple park as if no one else uses the road .
So they wait until I am close and they squash me against a parked car or throw open their passenger door in front of me .
I suspect they are frightened of what I stand for - people who can get themselves to places - so they want to create a jungle out there that forces people to opt for the comfort and apparent safety of a metal box .
Anyway , I am planning a great train robbery or a " dash and grab " raid on a fast food drive through just to check out my invisibility .
But the ultimate proof - to see a hand held speed camera and with my super - powers cycle to just over 30 mph , which i can do for about 200 m , and see if they can register my existence .
If even they can't see me I am going to attach cameras to my person and you may see yourself and your driving skills on YouTube as filmed by the invisible cyclist !
Adrian McCartney
Have you , like Adrian , discovered something that amazes you ?
Let us know at Belfast Telegraph Online email digital.editorial@belfasttelegraph.co.uk
Belfast Telegraph
pymake runs correctly now .
With some Mozilla patches , I can get it to recurse through most of the tree within a single process , doing parallel builds correctly , on Windows , Linux , and Mac , python 2.4 and 2.5 .
6x as slow
Performance is bad .
On a benchmark of a do - nothing rebuild of make tier_xpcom , which is about 40 recursive makes :
bsmedberg $ time make tier_xpcom real 0m1.129s bsmedberg $ time python - O / builds / pymake / make .py tier_xpcom real 0m7.525s
This is a bit depressing , because improved Windows performance was one of the primary reasons for doing pymake .
It ’s possible that the Windows numbers are better , given that launching Windows processes is so much more expensive than on Linux : but I doubt that will make up the whole 6 x performance loss .
Improved 50 % today !
Earlier today , the number was about 15 seconds .
Profile - guided patches helped reduce execution time significantly !
The first optimization was string - joining performance .
str.join
Showed up near the top of profiles both in call counts and own - time .
Expansion objects are a core data structure in pymake : the parser turns a string such as “ Hello$ ( COMMA ) , $ ( subst a , o , warld ) ! ” into a list of bare strings and function calls ( a variable expansion is treated as a function .
An expansion is “ resolved ” to a string by passing it variables and a makefile context .
The original , naive way of resolving an Expansion used ''. join ( ) on the elements .
This was replaced , in two phases , with a system of iterators which recursively yield strings , and an itersplit method , which splits an expansion into words without even joining it into a single string .
A final optimization replaced ''. join entirely : it was better , in 99 % of cases , to use simple appending methods when few elements are being joined .
Another optimization avoids parsing makefile syntax into expansions until it ’s actually needed .
In many cases , makefiles will use a small set of variables many times , and will never read the value of other variables .
The first candidate optimization had pymake parse variables as they were set ; a much better solution later was to lazily parse variables the first time they were read .
A grab - bag of other optimizations improved performance by a bit , but the last attempt increased code complexity far more than performance .
Hitting a Performance Barrier
At the moment I think pymake has hit a performance barrier and I ’m not sure how to proceed .
The current profile of pymake , generated with cProfile , is mostly unhelpful :
7228961 function calls ( 6902795 primitive calls ) in 10.934 CPU seconds Ordered by : internal time ncalls tottime percall cumtime percall filename : lineno ( function ) 15529 0.783 0.000 2.059 0.000 / builds / pymake/pymake/parser.py:689( parsemakesyntax )
49054/35478 0.555 0.000 2.320 0.000 / builds/pymake/pymake/util.py:24(itersplit)
128 0.396 0.003 0.396 0.003 {posix.read}
466085/222572 0.356 0.000 2.653 0.000 / builds / pymake/pymake/data.py:192( resolve )
51384 0.289 0.000 1.491 0.000 / builds/ pymake/pymake/parserdata.py:214( execute )
13876 0.288 0.000 1.007 0.000 / builds / pymake/pymake/data.py:684(resolvevpath )
29268 0.280 0.000 0.280 0.000 {posix.stat} 171027 0.266 0.000 0.471 0.000 / builds / pymake/pymake/data.py:430( match )
25700 0.246 0.000 0.327 0.000 / builds / pymake/pymake/data.py:384( __init__ )
40350 0.223 0.000 0.223 0.000 /usr/lib64/python2.5/logging/__init__.py:1158(getEffectiveLevel ) 58982 0.213 0.000 0.329 0.000 / builds / pymake/pymake/data.py:312(set )
43854/42319 0.211 0.000 1.572 0.000 / builds/pymake/pymake/functions.py :56 ( resolve )
131959/117714 0.207 0.000 1.343 0.000 / builds/ pymake/pymake/data.py:258( get )
2130 0.194 0.000 2.281 0.001 / builds/ pymake/pymake/data.py:542(resolveimplicitrule )
47515 0.189 0.000 0.421 0.000 / builds / pymake/pymake/data.py:1204( gettarget )
128 0.182 0.001 0.182 0.001 {posix.fork} 7717 0.174 0.000 1.941 0.000 / builds/ pymake/pymake/parserdata.py :117( execute )
57298 0.173 0.000 0.255 0.000 /usr/lib64/python2.5/posixpath.py:56 ( join )
73798 0.165 0.000 0.628 0.000 / builds/ pymake/pymake/data.py:1103 ( matchesfor ) 46953 0.157 0.000 0.184 0.000 / builds/ pymake/pymake/parser.py:176( iterdata )
1153401/1150418 0.156 0.000 0.158 0.000 {len} 27900 0.156 0.000 0.163 0.000 / builds / pymake/pymake/data.py:67( __init__ )
11264/168 0.148 0.000 6.120 0.036 /builds/pymake/pymake/parserdata.py:431( execute )
37008/23960 0.141 0.000 0.176 0.000 / builds/pymake/pymake/parser.py:193(itermakefilechars ) 330817 0.135 0.000 0.135 0.000 { method ' startswith ' of ' str ' objects}
parsemakesyntax , the function which parses $ ( FOO ) $ ( BAR ) into an Expansion , is still the single most time - consuming function .
But since I do n’t have line - by - line heatmaps , it ’s hard to know what parts of that function might be inefficient .
The callee data is not much help :
ncalls tottime cumtime / builds / pymake / pymake/parser.py:689( parsemakesyntax ) -> 27666 0.017 0.017 /builds/pymake/pymake/data.py:111(__init__)
233 0.000 0.001 / builds / pymake/pymake/data.py:116( fromstring )
33408 0.059 0.097 / builds/ pymake/pymake/data.py:145( appendstr )
10219 0.014 0.020 / builds/pymake/pymake/data.py:156( appendfunc ) 27666 0.084 0.212 /builds/pymake/pymake/data.py:183( finish )
1474 0.002 0.002 / builds/pymake/pymake/functions.py:24(__init__)
1271 0.002 0.002 / builds/pymake/pymake/functions.py:32( setup ) 2765 0.005 0.007 / builds/pymake/pymake/functions.py:40 ( append )
8315 0.018 0.022 /builds/pymake/pymake/functions.py:48(__init__)
430 0.001 0.001 / builds/ pymake/pymake/functions.py:70 ( __init__ )
203 0.001 0.002 / builds/pymake/pymake/functions.py:380( setup ) 25800 0.106 0.346 /builds/pymake/pymake/parser.py:73( getloc ) 9986 0.068 0.072 /builds/pymake/pymake/parser.py:97( findtoken ) 27239 0.035 0.072 /builds/pymake/pymake/parser.py:155( get ) 46953 0.157 0.184 /builds/pymake/pymake/parser.py:176(iterdata )
15245 0.071 0.133 /builds/pymake/pymake/parser.py:193(itermakefilechars ) 6440 0.026 0.033 / builds/pymake/pymake/parser.py:247(itercommandchars ) 25515 0.032 0.032 /builds/pymake/pymake/parser.py:673(__init__)
15529 0.003 0.003 { callable} 28565 0.008 0.010 {len} 9986 0.003 0.003 { method ' append ' of ' list ' objects} 1 0.000 0.000 { method ' iterkeys ' of ' dict ' objects} 9986 0.005 0.005 { method ' pop ' of ' list ' objects}
Yes , I know getloc is inefficient , and a commenter on one of my previous posts suggests a possible solution .
But that ’s not going to create any significant improvement .
In order to have performance parity with GNU make there has to be an algorithmic improvement .
Can I trust cProfile ?
There are some confusing aspects to the cProfile output which make me suspect it .
In particular , I suspect that generator functions are not being accounted for correctly : the primary work of the iterdata function is to call match on a compiled regular expression object , but that method does n’t even show up in the callee list :
ncalls tottime cumtime / builds / pymake / pymake/parser.py :176( iterdata ) -> 17815 0.004 0.004 {built - in method end} 17815 0.004 0.004 {built - in method group} 35630 0.014 0.014 {built - in method start} 25222 0.005 0.005 {len}
In any case , it ’s hard to usefully analyze the profiling output .
What I want is a Shark - like hierarchical profile .
Apparently , dtrace can profile Python code , but I seen any useful visualization / analysis tools for that combination : if anyone knows of something , please let me know !
Help Wanted
I ’ve been head - down in pymake for a few weeks now ; my review queue and several other Mozilla tasks need attention .
I ’d really love some help from people who know Python performance ( or who have no fear ) .
If you ’re interested and want some guidance , please e-mail me or leave a comment here .
We can probably construct some useful pymake performance tests that are not as scary as actually building Mozilla .
Wed , Feb .
25th , 2009 , 07:53 pm
FAPWS - 0.2 ( WSGI server based on libev )
This release include several bugfixes .
You can got it on my github website :
Most importantly , with this release FAPWS becomes much more stable and useful .
I 've tested it with many different type of configurations and it has always resisted to my differents Stress tests ( with ApacheBenchmark tool ) :
- Django webpage with a complex ( and ugly ) sql command with 300 concurrent requests
- Simple Django webpage with 300 concurrents requets
- for a simple Jpg files I 've got 3524#/ sec .
Thanks to give it a trial .
William
ANNEXES :
========
Tests with 300 concurrent requests .
Heavy Django page :
------------------
Server Software : fapws3/0.2 Server Hostname : 127.0.0.1 Server Port : 8084 Document Path : / acts/2009 / Document Length : 24554 bytes Concurrency Level : 300
Time taken for tests : 166.334 seconds Complete requests : 1000 Failed requests : 0 Write errors : 0 Total transferred : 19772014 bytes HTML transferred : 19667754 bytes Requests per second : 4.81 [ #/sec ] ( mean )
Time per request : 62375.084 [ ms ] ( mean ) Time per request : 207.917 [ ms ] ( mean , across all concurrent requests )
Transfer rate : 116.08 [ Kbytes / sec ] received
Much more simple Django page
-----------------------------
Server Software : fapws3/0.2 Server Hostname : 127.0.0.1 Server Port : 8084 Document Path : / membres / Off / Document Length : 4918 bytes Concurrency Level : 300
Time taken for tests : 23.178 seconds Complete requests : 1000 Failed requests : 0 Write errors : 0 Total transferred : 5290304 bytes HTML transferred : 5154064 bytes Requests per second : 43.14 [ #/sec ] ( mean )
Time per request : 6953.497 [ ms ] ( mean )
Time per request : 23.178 [ ms ] ( mean , across all concurrent requests )
Transfer rate : 222.89 [ Kbytes / sec ] received
Simple jpg file
----------------
Server Software : fapws3/0.2 Server Hostname : 127.0.0.1 Server Port : 8084 Document Path : /static/images/img04.jpg Document Length : 13974 bytes Concurrency Level : 300
Time taken for tests : 28.369 seconds Complete requests : 100000 Failed requests : 0 Write errors : 0 Total transferred : 1416300000 bytes HTML transferred : 1397400000 bytes Requests per second : 3524.99 [ # /sec ] ( mean )
Time per request : 85.107 [ ms ] ( mean )
Time per request : 0.284 [ ms ] ( mean , across all concurrent requests )
Transfer rate : 48754.28 [ Kbytes / sec ] received I 'm really happy to announce the release of FAPWS3 - 0.2 a WSGI webserver based on libev .
This release include several bugfixes .
You can got it on my github website : http://github.com/william-os4y/fapws3/tarball/v0.2
Most importantly , with this release FAPWS becomes much more stable and useful .
I 've tested it with many different type of configurations and it has always resisted to my differents Stress tests ( with ApacheBenchmark tool ) : - Django webpage with a complex ( and ugly ) sql command with 300 concurrent requests - Simple Django webpage with 300 concurrents requets - for a simple Jpg files I 've got 3524#/ sec .
Thanks to give it a trial .
WilliamANNEXES:========Tests with 300 concurrent requests .
Heavy Django page :------------------Much more simple Django page-----------------------------Simple jpg file ----------------
What would you say about a devout young Mormon mother in Utah who supports Proposition 8 and same - sex civil unions , admits to an overnight conversion from Al Gore - basher to born - again environmentalist , worries that the obligations of LDS membership promote spiritual laziness , and is n’t afraid to change her mind ?
At the very least , Brandy Roth will challenge your assumptions about Mormons and Mormonism , and that ’s what she sets out to do on her otherwise ordinary Mormon mommy blog ( yes , it ’s a genre ) , The Mysterious Mrs. B. Roth .
Daily posts tell stories from Roth ’s Mormon household in Layton , Utah , where she wrangles an amusing brood including two young sons , an infant daughter , her live - in mother , and her husband Greg , 29 — who is by all accounts sage and sane and works as a software developer for a video game company .
In a roundabout way , which seems to be Brandy ’s style , her 6 - year - old son Crichton was named ( sort of ) for the author Michael , nine - month - old daughter Sagan ( kind of ) for the scientist Carl , and three - year - old son Canon ( partly ) after the theological implication of the word .
It is the same approach with which she guilelessly takes up art , science , and religious dogma in her entries , along with the imponderables of potty training , projectile vomiting , and her annual , personal political crusade against daylight savings time .
“ The reasons behind the law are pure irrelevant fallacy .
Besides , it makes it harder to put my kids to bed in the summer , ” she explains .
“ It ’s a safe fight because no lives hang in the balance in case I ’m wrong . ”
She does n’t always pick safe fights .
A self - professed “ undecided liberal conservative , leaning , ” she wandered the ideological wilderness before reaching enlightenment on global warming , for instance .
“ I think global warming is neither fixable nor a problem , ” she wrote self - assuredly before taking one reader ’s advice and watching An Inconvenient Truth .
A few days after she and her husband watched “ all of it , even the special features , some parts twice , ” she issued a mea culpa .
“ I can honestly , if hesitantly , say that I might have voted for the wrong man in 2000 .
I ’m thinking about firing myself as a voter . ”
Instead , she supported Obama in the most recent presidential election .
In another turnabout , she recently revisited her thinking in favor of gay marriage and caused a bloggy dust - up by supporting her church ’s stand on California ’s Proposition 8 , albeit after the election .
“ I am fully in favor of a legal civil union to protect gay couples and grant them equal legal status .
I see both sides and wish we could talk to each other less emotionally , ” she says .
“ I never feel obligated to take a stand and stay there . ”
The Mysterious Mrs. B. Roth has about 2,000 visitors a month , “ just enough to keep me going , ” she says .
Those who drop by may find her flailing against the boundaries of law or exploring the unpredictability of the heart , but always coming to rest on the foundations of her faith .
It ’s a mommy blog , but it ’s also genuine interfaith dialogue : kitchen talk , over endless diapers and dishes .
I asked her more about the touchy subjects she engages :
Are most of your readers Mormon ?
I do n’t think so .
Most of my regular commenters are not .
There are several ladies in my ward , or local congregation , who are regular readers .
I ’m more aware of the non-LDS readers ; I try to explain LDS idiosyncrasies if I think they might be confusing .
When I get churchy , I worry that my other - faith readers will be insulted or take it as proselytizing .
And when I am doubtful or rebellious , I worry that my LDS friends and family will think less of me .
I wish I could say I do n’t care what people think or whom I offend , but that would be a lie .
I do n’t want to give anyone a negative view of the church .
It is a challenging religion and I whine about it , but I love it and think it has given my life deep purpose and direction .
Is there really a Mormon Mommy ideal , or is that just a stereotype ?
The more perfect a Mormon mom seems , the more likely she is on antidepressants , or at least that ’s the way it usually turns out .
We struggle so much with meeting our own and others ’ expectations .
Once I gave up defining perfect as “ without mistakes , ” I felt better .
But there is so much for us to do — multiple church callings , or assignments , for both spouses ; family meals ; prayers and scripture study for individuals , couples , and families ; once a week family home evening ; temple visits and interviews ; three hours of church — it ’s often overwhelming .
Mormon women tend to interpret the tools for service as obligations .
One more damn thing !
And we ’re supposed to do it all without stimulants ( coffee ) or relaxants ( wine ) .
It never surprises me when they report that Utah has the highest per capita rate of antidepressant prescriptions .
To be fair , the church authorities tell women over and over not to be so hard on themselves .
It ’s tricky to find the balance , but that ’s true of every woman on earth .
How has blogging affected your faith ?
Not a lot of people take the time to analyze their dogma , let alone write out their personal interpretations .
Most of us only discuss religion with like - minded people .
I have some very respectful readers who do n’t express their faith the same way I do , yet are interested without becoming abusive .
I think my faith in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints has grown and become clearer through personal analysis on my blog , although sometimes I worry that I am overly critical of my fellow Mormons .
Do you feel your viewpoint as a woman is recognized and respected by your church ?
Beyond recognized and respected .
I would go so far as to say LDS women are treated better than the men .
I suspected unfairness before I was married , before I took out my endowments , or oaths , in the temple , before I held a leadership role .
But it was a concern based solely on preconceived ideas , not experience .
I feel free to examine my faith publicly , to tactfully question issues and analyze doctrines .
You might have expected otherwise .
Maybe you think I ca n’t see the misogyny and sexism within my church , but I can see it in most organized , patriarchal religions .
In the LDS church , each ward has a ward council , where all the auxiliary leaders come together .
The voices and needs of women are carefully heard , considered and met .
In a family , yes , women are advised to respect the wishes of their husbands , to obey him as he obeys God .
Every family works in its own unique way .
In mine , if my husband and I can’t agree on a change , none is made .
If it ’s not something I feel strongly about , I defer to my husband , and he does the same for me .
Does blogging ever get you in trouble at church or home ?
At church , not yet .
At home , frequently .
My husband is a good sport .
However , I ’ve crossed his line a few times resulting in a big , long , terrible reassessment of priorities ( a.k.a. : a fight ) .
What topics are taboo ?
If it were just me here , you ’d get everything , but Greg pulls me back .
He prefers that his grandma not read about his sex life .
I try to pretend my blog is a journal , but there ’s a lot I do n’t say .
I see a lot of women giving up their blog for family peace .
Not me , I want it all .
What kind of church issues have you taken on ?
I am a fan of modesty , but I am not a big fan of the ( under ) garments , for instance .
Seriously , sometimes I question the dichotomy between the simplicity of the gospel , which can be summed up as Love God and Love One Another and the complexity of the ritual , ceremony , and over - the - top organization of the LDS church .
Take our Visiting Teaching program .
Each woman is paired with another “ sister ” and they are assigned to make a monthly visit to three or four other sisters , discussing a gospel principle and providing any additional service those sisters might require .
Ideally , we would n’t need assignments ; we ’d just take care of each other .
Being told whom to go with , whom to visit , and what to say ?
I think it makes us spiritually lazy .
Then I realize that we do n’t all know how to love one another , do we ?
We focus so intently on ourselves and our families that we ignore and neglect our neighbors .
So the program is a first step in learning to love one another .
It ’s not about the cookies .
Finally , I asked Brandy about the mystery in The Mysterious Mrs. B. Roth .
She replied , true to form , in a roundabout way :
“ The final mystery is oneself . ” – Oscar Wilde
“ The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious .
It is the source of all true art and science . ”
– Albert Einstein
“ It is completely unimportant .
That is why it is so interesting ! ” – Agatha Christie
A New York City firefighter has been arrested on charges that he was growing more than 100 pounds of marijuana in the basement of a home in Queens , according to court records .
The firefighter , Patrick Murray , 33 , was arraigned Wednesday in Federal District Court in Brooklyn on charges of manufacturing and possessing a controlled substance with the intent to distribute , according to Robert Nardoza , a spokesman for the United States attorney ’s office for the Eastern District .
Investigators said that Firefighter Murray belonged to a larger drug - trafficking ring .
Firefighter Murray did not enter a plea and was released on $ 250,000 bond , Mr. Nardoza said .
If convicted , he faces 5 to 40 years in prison .
Firefighter Murray came under scrutiny during a broader investigation by the Drug Enforcement Administration .
To most people the word “ geothermal ” means hot springs and geysers  like parts of Iceland or Yellowstone National Park where water is heated by the presence of magma near the surface of the earth .
But the earth ’s heat lies below everywhere , and it offers a virtually untapped energy reserve of enormous potential with a very short list of drawbacks .
In 2006 , a panel led by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology surveyed the prospects for electricity production from enhanced geothermal systems .
Its conclusions were conservative but very optimistic .
The panel suggested that with modest federal support , geothermal power could play a critical role in America ’s energy future , adding substantially to the nation ’s store of renewable energy and more than making up for coal - burning power plants that would have to be retired .
Following up on the M.I.T. study and a separate survey of its own , the Bureau of Land Management issued a decision last month that would open up as many as 190 million acres to leases for geothermal exploration and development .
These lands are mostly in the West , where hot rock lies closer to the surface than it generally does in the East .
There is a lot of research yet to be done about geothermal sources , new techniques for deep drilling and energy generation at the surface .
But the basics are clear enough .
Water is injected deep into the earth where it absorbs heat from the surrounding rock .
As the fluid returns to the surface , that heat is used to generate electricity .
The fluid is then re-injected .
The system forms a closed loop .
It creates almost no emissions and is entirely renewable .
It also occupies a smaller surface area than either solar or wind power .
This week both the Daily Telegraph and the Daily Mail ran stories claiming that switching off street lights could significantly increase the number of road deaths .
The stories were based on a paper published in the Cochrane Library , which considered three studies into the connection between road accidents and street lighting .
However , it seems that the headlines are a typical example of misinterpretation of statistics .
As David Spiegelhalter , Professor for the Public Understanding of Risk at the University of Cambridge , writes on his website Understanding Uncertainty , the studies suffer from three major flaws : poor data , publication bias , and what 's known as regression to the mean .
Spiegelhalter points out that the three studies underlying the paper were poor and conducted decades ago , with one dating from as far back as 1948 — not a very good basis for drawing conclusions about today 's traffic .
The term publication bias refers to the fact that studies which show dramatic results are more likely to be published than those that do n't .
It 's quite possible that there were other studies , which found no connection between street lights and accidents , but that no - one bothered to publish such boring results .
Regression to the mean is a commonly observed effect , which results from random fluctuations .
If street lights were installed on a certain road , then this is most likely because that road recently experienced a spade of accidents .
Such a freak period can be purely down to chance , in which case one would expect the accident rate to return to normal after a while .
Thus the improved accident rate after the installation of lights may be purely down to chance , rather than the improved lighting .
All this does n't of course mean that street lights are useless .
It simply means that the evidence is nowhere near as sound as the newspaper headlines claim .
The Daily Mail , to its credit , did consult an expert , namely Spiegelhalter , but it 's probably the headline , rather than his warning , that will stick in readers ' minds .
If you 're interested in matters of uncertainty and risk , then visit the Understanding Uncertainty website , or read Spiegelhalter 's column in Plus .
Labels : Health and medicine
Users of pirated software have a new headache to worry about .
For the second time in less than two weeks , malware targeting Mac computers has surfaced on the Web .
According to an advisory from Intego , OSX .
Trojan.iServices .
B is a variant of the iServices Trojan the company found last week targeting pirated copies of iWork '09 .
This time , the malware has its sights set on versions of Adobe Photoshop CS4 downloaded via BitTorrent trackers and other sites containing links to pirated software .
" The actual Photoshop installer is clean , but the Trojan horse is found in a crack application that serializes the program , " Intego 's advisory reads .
As of 6 a.m. EST on Jan. 25 , nearly 5,000 are believed to have downloaded the Trojan , according to the advisory .
After downloading this version of Photoshop , users will run the crack application to be able to use it , the advisory continues .
The crack application extracts an executable from its data and installs a backdoor in / var / tmp / , which is not deleted when the computer is restarted .
The crack application then requests an administrator password and launches the backdoor with root privileges , the advisory continues .
The program saves the root hash password in the file / var / root / . DivX .
In addition , it listens on a random TCP port , answers requests such as GET / HTTP / 1.0 by sending a 209 - byte packet and makes repeated connections to two IP addresses .
" Since the malicious software connects to a remote server over the Internet , the creator of this malware will be alerted that this Trojan horse is installed on different Macs , and will have the ability to connect to them and perform various actions remotely , " the advisory reads .
" The Trojan horse may also download additional components to an infected Mac . "
Last week , the original version of the malware was found in pirated versions of Apple 's iWork '09 .
By 6 a.m. EST Jan. 22 , the Trojan reportedly had infected some 20,000 users of the pirated iWork '09 .
A free tool to remove this Trojan is available on SecureMac .
Although Mac users have historically had a relatively easy time when it comes to malware - the amount of viruses targeting the Mac is far lower than those targeting Microsoft Windows - the incident does underscore the dangers of downloading pirated software .
" Intego recommends that users never download and install software from untrusted sources or questionable Web sites , " the advisory states .
From the Pope ’s remarks yesterday at the Synod .
Worth savoring .
But first .
The question has been asked , “ Why a Synod on the Word of God ? ”
Because one of the most damaging tendencies of the last few decades in Catholic catechesis and preaching has been the way in which Church leaders , preachers and teachers have approached Scripture and , in turn , communicated the meaning and importance of Scripture to those in the pews or the desks .
Historical - Critical methodology has been adopted as the sole prism through which to explain and teach Scripture – the Church , as usual , about 100 years behind the Protestants .
It is ironic that this approach gained so much force in Catholic circles just when Protestant Scripture scholars were beginning to re-evaluate where their own scholarly trajectory had taken them .
( If you want to know what I mean by this critique – and we have talked about this quite a bit on this blog – just consider how the Scriptures are often preached in your parish .
If a homily on the Sermon on the Mount is centered on explaining how different Matthew and Luke ’s settings of the beatitudes are , and then ends with a general exhortation to have hope when you are sad … there you go .
If your kids come out of high school religion class knowing their letters : J , P , D and Q – and unable to talk about the scope of salvation history and what it has to do with them , today … there you go .
For once it all just literary business , who cares ?
It is not that the scholarship is unimportant ( and do understand that the H - C methodology is only one branch of Scripture scholarship ) – by no means is it so .
The problem is , as Ratzinger pointed out frequently before he became Pope and many times afterwards , it strips the Scriptures of their power and their connection to the deeper Word .
Hence , a Synod . )
2,000 people have been evacuated after an unexploded bomb was found in Poland
Wroclaw police spokesman Krzysztof Zaporowski says residents , nursery children and town hall employees had been evacuated from buildings to allow explosive experts to dig out the one ton bomb and take it to a testing range to be detonated .
Zaporowski said workers found the bomb during road works .
Unexploded bombs from the war are still found frequently in Poland more than 60 years after the conflict ended .
Tampa Bay Fires Jon Gruden
For the first time since getting fired as the head coach of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Jan 16 , 2009 , the former coach Jon Gruden spoke about the loss of his job and vowed that he would return to coaching .
Gruden told sources that he was shocked at his dismissal .
“ It was rough the way it ended , losing three or four games , ” Gruden said .
“ This was the first time in my life being on the front line of the firing squad after 11 years .
“ I ’ve just taken a couple days to unwind with my family , ” Gruden said .
“ A lot of people have called , being very supportive .
Some people have taken shots and I understand that not everyone likes or agrees with what I do as a coach . ”
Quarterback Jeff Garcia , Simeon Rice and receiver Michael Clayton had some not so kind things to say about their former coach and in an interview Rice referred to him as a “ scumbag ” on a Sirius NFL Network .
Grudens response to these harsh words was : “ I ’m not the first coach to take potshots , ” Gruden said .
“ Hey , some people were taking potshots at Tony Dungy when I got here .
Jeff Garcia , Michael Clayton , I wish those guys the best .
I hope Raheem ( Morris ) gets this thing going again . ”
Gruden does want to return to the sidelines however , he wants to keep his options open : “ It ’s the NFL , college , high school or , maybe , I ’ll just be the best damn flag football coach in the history of Florida , ” he said .
“ I ’m now head of the FFCA – Fired Florida Coaches Association . ”
Welcome to Mercurial : The Definitive Guide
This is the online home of the book “ Mercurial : The Definitive Guide ” .
It was published in 2009 by O'Reilly Media .
Mercurial is a fast , lightweight source control management system designed for easy and efficient handling of very large distributed projects .
My book tells you what it is , why you should care , and how you can use it effectively .
Read it online
I make the content freely available online : you can read it here .
If you like it , please buy a copy !
For news updates , please visit my blog .
You should follow me on Twitter here .
How to buy
If you like the book , please support the work of the Software Freedom Conservancy ( see below ) by buying a copy .
You should contribute !
I publish the source code for this book as a Mercurial repository .
Please feel welcome to clone it , make modifications to your copy , and send me changes .
Getting a copy of the source takes just a few seconds if you have Mercurial installed :
hg clone http://bitbucket.org/bos/hgbook
The online version of the book includes a comment system that you can use to send feedback involving errors , omissions , and suggestions .
( If you would like to adapt the comment system for a publishing project of your own , the source for the web application is included with the book source at the link above . )
How I help Mercurial and free software , and you can too
Mercurial is a member of the Software Freedom Conservancy , a wonderful non-profit organisation that offers its member projects legal and administrative advice .
I donate my royalties from the sales of this book to the Software Freedom Conservancy , and I encourage you to support their work , too .
The SFC can accept accept donations ( tax - free under IRS 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) , within the United States ) on behalf of its member projects .
If you would like to support Mercurial directly , please consider making a donation to the SFC on its behalf .
If you would like to help free software developers to provide their important public services without being impeded by legal issues , please consider donating to the SFC 's sister organisation , the Software Freedom Law Center .
Kids and Science
How to suck them in , or exploit them
Note :
We 're redacting the prosecution 's list of the two video files and three images they allegedly found on Bruns ' computer because of their highly graphic descriptions of sex acts involving girls they describe in two instances as " under the age of 10 , " and in two others as " under the age of five . "
Swiss Bunkers
For over four years , I have developed a photographic documentary work on Swiss fortified constructions – bunkers .
Each element of these photographs has a relation with Switzerland and particularly the mountain landscape that is an inherent part of our identity .
The bunkers are a integral part of a finely developed popular defense military system in Switzerland , a military with historically strong links to the landscape .
After the cold war ended many of the bunkers became obsolete .
The tendency is to forget them or even to renounce them , my approach on the contrary , aims to expose them from a new angle .
This approach has led me to discover a great number of bunkers , some in remote areas , sometimes difficultly accessible , covering the whole of the Swiss territory .
The relations between these basic shaped bunkers and the often - sumptuous landscape surrounds them became an essential part of the study .
I looked for the most spectacular bunkers , notable for their camouflage devices , true theatre scenery made with the utmost care .
A quality indeed fully Swiss .
leo fabrizio
www.leofabrizio.com
www.galeriemennour.com
Tags
The costs of the Great War were truly astronomical .
As with the number of stars , the final accounting is in God 's hands .
The slaughters , the treasure , the faith in some kind of order of society — all of these were costs of the war .
As Wilfred Owen suggested in his terrible poem " Strange Meeting , " the culture of Europe seemed hell - bent on trekking away from progress toward something that literary historian Paul Fussell would later call the troglodyte world : a kind of Hobbesian vision , one might say , rendered in pen and ink by Otto Dix .
Costs indeed .
Yet this essay has to do less with numbers of ended lives than it has to do with altered lives , or rather , with changes in the status of the private life of the modern individual , the modern family , the modern community .
This essay is about private property , about the autonomy of the individual , and the disastrous trend , accelerated by World War I , of the state claiming the right to take at whim everything within its territory .
A secondary theme is that this great change in private life was already in process before 1914 .
The real agent of change was not the war , but the state and its backers and minions .
Yet war as an accelerator of change was bad enough .
Political and intellectual leaders in all countries welcomed the war for the collectivist changes it would inevitably bring .
In the United States , one of the more important figures welcoming the war was John Dewey , a veritable god in the pantheon of our modern civil religion .
Dewey saw the war , rightly , as the accelerator of the coming industrial society — a managed positivist society , which he thought of as democracy itself .
( More on this below . )
Mere Statistics
Mere statistics do not tell the whole story , but they can begin to show the outline .
Fifty million men worldwide were mobilized for military service in the war .
Just over a fifth of them died .
Civilian deaths are more difficult to calculate , but many millions died of starvation ( as in the case of Germany , where between half a million and 700,000 civilians died from malnutrition ) , deliberate mass murder , and forced migration , while others were shot in reprisal or as spies , killed accidentally by either friendly or unfriendly fire , the victims of deliberate violence of individual soldiers ( friendly or unfriendly ) , etc .
Apart from its ability to transform live individuals into dead ones , during World War I , the state also managed to pollute , disrupt , and destroy the ecosystems of countrysides and towns in Europe and elsewhere — ecosystems that had been developing for millennia .
The zone of destruction along the Western Front is , of course , the most notable example .
Every city or town within this zone was damaged ; a large number disappeared .
Some towns survived only as reunion associations for former residents to organize official get - togethers — gatherings necessarily held elsewhere , since the very terrain of the towns ' locations had been left physically altered , polluted , and honeycombed with live explosives .
Indeed , unnatural amounts of rotting organic material and an enormous distribution of toxic chemicals ( including heavy metals ) , along with the near - complete disruption of natural and man-made drainage systems in most areas , means that some of the places have been simply irreclaimable for the last ninety years — and how many more into the future we can only guess .
Lives are still — within the last several years — lost or threatened by these explosives and other left - behind dangers .
On other fronts , the destruction tended to be less intense .
But still , town after town was bombed and burned throughout east Central Europe and southeastern Europe , as well as elsewhere .
Early in World War I , Russian armies " cleansed " the areas close to the front of millions of Jews , Germans , and other persons considered likely to favor the German army .
Many hundreds of thousands died in the process .
And there was the Turkish massacre of Armenians , Assyrians , and Greeks at about the same time .
Indeed , these cases of ethnic cleansing and ethnic murder opened yet another Pandora 's box that transformed the " technique " of violently forced migration into one of the principle motifs of the 20th - century world .
We should also think of the long - term results : the misery caused by these deaths and brutality , the productive lives lost to the world , the work never done , the family traditions that ended , and much more .
And if we extend our thinking to the geopolitical results of the war , we see further miseries flowing from the human decisions of the period .
The Russian Revolution and conflicts flowing from the almost inexplicable Paris Peace Conference conjured up untold suffering , death , and despair in problems that still seem insoluble .
European Civilization and Individuals
But I want to concentrate here on the subject not of lives , but of private life and its extension , private property .
In the first place , one of the enormous costs of the war was the percentage of wealth or productive capacity transferred from private hands into state coffers .
Even the original theorist of state power , Niccolò Machiavelli , advised aspiring absolutists to keep their hands off the property ( and the women ) of their peasants and other productive citizens .
In effect , Machiavelli 's absolutists struggled with the Europe of individualism and constitutionalism for three hundred years , until the forces of the liberal individualists seemed to have won the upper hand in both Europe and its appendages .
But by the last quarter of the 19th century , the Europe of empires , nationalism , and growing collectivism turned its back on the achievements of individuals and the autonomy of individuals and families .
Just before World War I , Europeans increasingly came to define themselves by group — whether by nationality , sex , or class .
Each group developed habits of calling on the government to confirm it or support it or to give it special privileges — often with the implicit threat of violence .
All this was in direct opposition to both the conservative and liberal values of the 19th century , but liberals in Europe and the United States underwent a transformation : starting as champions of individual autonomy , they became slaves to group security .
In this scenario , the war became , as Murray Rothbard and others have pointed out , fulfillment .
The policies are too familiar to enumerate : economic intervention on all sides , heavy - handed cheerleading to join the war " system , " continual denunciation of internal enemies , disregard of the rule of law , massive transfer of wealth from the hands of individuals , families , and other private sources to the state .
Not least of these trends was the overpowering of private lives and even privacy .
From the vacuous propaganda extolling groupthink in all the societies of the belligerents to the very real breakup of family units by the Bolsheviks , the war was the cover for multifarious inroads of the interference of the state in private life .
Accelerated Transfers of Private Property to the State
Let us turn to some cases that give us insights into the process of decivilization — the " trek from progress " in Wilfred Owen 's words .
During the war , government expenditures among the belligerents increased by an average factor of about eighteen , their stated revenues by a factor of about eight .
Cost - of - living indices doubled in the best cases and quadrupled in the worst .
Governments in all belligerent countries intervened in their economies through price controls and rationing , and they scrambled to pay for the horrendous costs of the carnage .
In so doing , they had to develop new attitudes about private property , and hence about private life itself .
Walther Rathenau provides us with an important case study .
Rathenau , the head of German General Electric ( AEG ) , served as the head of the German Office of War Materials from the first days of World War I .
His office used state authority to bully companies into consolidation ( electric companies included ) , to confiscate needed resources , to intervene quite directly in the operation of businesses large and small .
His task , he revealed in a report only one year into the war , had been daunting , mainly because Germany was so attached to outdated concepts like the rule of law , or rather the rule of laws based on private ownership and disposition , such as those " defective and incomplete " laws of property holding sway since the time of Frederick the Great and earlier .
The " coercive measures " Rathenau had overseen were just part of the array of changes that would " in all probability be destined to affect future times . "
Indeed , Rathenau showed precisely how the process of change was achieved : by redefinition .
The term " sequestration " was given a new interpretation , somewhat arbitrarily I admit , but supported by certain passages in our martial law … .
" Sequestration " [ now ] does not mean that merchandise or material is seized by the state , but only that it is restricted , i.e. , that it no longer can be disposed of by the owner at will but must be reserved for a more important purpose … .
At first many people found it difficult to adjust themselves to the new doctrine .
This kind of redefinition went on in all the belligerent countries during and long after the war , and not only in the totalitarian regimes — men like Rathenau were always ready to step forward .
Redefinitions of words like confiscation and sequestration led to the redistributional , paternalistic welfare regimes of Britain , France , and FDR's America , as well as the fascist and communist governments in Germany , Italy , and Russia .
Such redefinitions were already underway before the war , but wartime represented fulfillment .
This was especially the case for the agents of the state , and for those whose fortunes depended on the expansion of the modern state .
Another wartime case that might give us insight is the related aspect of transferring private wealth to the use of the state .
Let us look at wartime inflation .
The inflation policies of most of the belligerent powers represent , after all , an extension of the newly redefined erosions of private property .
Historically , inflation is a classic game of legal plunder , more effective than taxes since the legalized theft is concealed .
Hence , as World War I governments grew by leaps and bounds , as they employed more and more henchmen — both military and regulatory — to do the state 's bidding , they transferred correspondingly more of the wealth of their people to the state .
All First World War belligerents " created " currency or money by printing it or imagining it in the form of credit .
World War I planners also paved the way for what we might call the modern " ethics " of inflation ( extolled by Keynes and later by the Phillips - curve cheering section ) by ignoring the involuntary nature of this transfer of wealth and encouraging the victims of these transfers to regard them as acts of patriotism .
The head of the German central bank told the bank 's board as early as September 25 , 1914 , that the best way to cover the massive war costs to come would be " an appeal to an entire people , " an appeal to " ethical values and not merely personal gain . "
After 1918 , governments tended to back off somewhat from the more extreme taxation of wartime , but transfers of private property to the states continued in the form of inflation .
Even in the United States of the postwar period , when there was technically not much growth of the currency supply itself , there was very substantial credit expansion fueled by the federal government and fostered by the Federal Reserve , as Murray Rothbard demonstrated many years ago in his book America 's Great Depression .
In general , the Austrian economists , from Mises and Bresciani - Turroni onward , showed quite clearly that the 1920s represented a highly inflationary bubble whose bursting triggered the Great Depression .
If we add to this hidden " inflation tax " that wartime tax hikes raised taxes from a factor of three upward , it is clear that the state crossed a threshold during World War I , a threshold to a much , much higher transfer of private wealth to the state .
During the postwar period , the levels abated somewhat , but by and large , the ground was prepared for a continual rise of such transfers up to the end of the 20th century and beyond .
I am suggesting here that a far - reaching cost of the war was the degradation of the autonomy of individuals and families in relation to their property .
I might add that the huge , flashy fortunes of the 20th century are not the private property I primarily have in mind , since many of those fortunes are based on monopolistic partnerships between great centers of wealth and governments — the soul of rent - seeking activity , of soaking the producers .
What I have in mind is the justice of keeping what one has worked for , the justice inherent in that wonderful capability of the human condition to work hard , plan , and save in order to survive , give , and consume in ways chosen by the individual and family — countered by the state 's aggressive tendency to take larger and larger chunks .
The Nationalization of the Private
Part of the problem for henchmen of the state was the question of how to nationalize and systematize a broad swath of essentially private aspects of life .
Of thousands of cases we might study in this regard , the multifarious issues of public schooling are perhaps the most closely associated with the loss of privacy .
And these issues are revealing when we think of them in connection with the Great War .
Here I will concentrate on the United States , where the sainted John Dewey comes importantly into consideration .
Dewey 's complex collectivist vision of the role of education in society was based on destroying the old mediating habits of individual and family custom , tradition , and negotiation .
Like his fellow progressives Frederick Taylor and Edward Mandell House , he believed the new community would be controlled by sophisticated administrators of the " system " who understood the problems of individualism .
As Dewey wrote a decade before the war ,
We are apt to look at the school from an individualistic standpoint , as something between teacher and pupil , or between teacher and parent … .
And rightly so .
Yet the range of the outlook needs to be enlarged .
What the best and wisest parent wants for his own child , that must the community want for all of its children .
Any other ideal for our schools is narrow and unlovely ; acted upon , it destroys our democracy .
In the fight to regiment children democratically , Dewey was supported by rafts of progressive foot soldiers .
To look at just one , we might think of sociologist and journalist Frances Kellor .
Leading the Americanization movement in the period before the war , Kellor linked her predilections for American nationalism , industrial efficiency , and the need for indoctrinating immigrants with American attitudes , creating a movement that took off as World War I started .
By 1916 , the increasingly influential Kellor was calling for universal military service , carefully crafted indoctrination in the school curricula , and the revitalization of America .
She welcomed the coming war because it would create that " heroic spirit by which a nation is finally welded together … . "
By the end of the war , Kellor and others like her took credit for the real work of lobbying state legislatures successfully to implement a new regime of education , outlawing foreign - language schools , public and private , promoting Americanization classes , and otherwise using the schools to promote the progressive agenda of the destruction of privacy and the immersion of the individual in the murky waters of democracy .
Another case study has to do with the ways in which states nationalize villages , families , and regions in the name of disaster .
Our example is the village of Vauquois , a typical village of the Argonne Forest region of Lorraine , a hilltop home for several hundred peaceful French citizens before 1914 .
When the war broke out , units of the French army retreated from the frontier to Vauquois in the first weeks of the war and made a stand there .
The Germans attacked , but as so often happened , the armies deadlocked , in this case across the very top of the oblong hill or ridge .
The sides dug in , both trench lines running through the village , indeed , within easy stone 's — or grenade 's — throw of each other .
This segment of the Western Front line remained in place for four years , except for the blowing to pieces of the narrow no man 's land in between by underground mines .
Hence , the hill was literally hollowed out by explosives and honeycombed with tunnels .
Occasionally , the soldiers fought it out underground .
Occasionally , they swapped tobacco and chocolate instead .
The American First Army moved into the French positions in September 1918 , and " took " the German Vauquois position by incinerating it with thermite shells and then simply going around Vauquois .
But what had happened to the close - knit French villagers ?
They were evacuated and relocated many miles behind the lines , where they languished during the war .
Once the war was over , the military bureaucracy of French reconstruction — famously haughty and inept — continued to restrict the area so that official reclamation workers could " reclaim " the village , in spite of the pleas of the villagers to let them return to reclaim their own property .
Since there was , in fact , no village left beyond huge craters and some bits of masonry , the French government finally — years after the evacuation and even the war itself — decided to declare the area a " red zone . "
That is to say , no one was allowed to move back in .
The plight of the Vauquois villagers finally became privatized , and several charity collections enabled the villagers to return , buy some land a few hundred yards down the hill , and establish new Vauquois .
Hence , the state had brought on the war that engulfed the private lives of those in Vauquois .
The state had removed them for their own safety , and the state prevented them from coming back to salvage what could be salvaged .
This is a pattern so engrained ninety years later that it might take some effort to imagine it otherwise : the sooner those individuals could return after the war moved beyond the region in September 1918 , the more chance there was for reclaiming something , for recycling the remains , for salvaging what could be salvaged .
The sooner they were released from nationalization and returned to private existence rather than living as a part of the war system in another city , the more the natural order of individual , family , and village might reassert itself , even if hard work was necessary .
Instead , they faced bureaucratic delays while their government collected millions of francs ' worth of reparations from Germany and built new government buildings and various other " infrastructural " additions to France ( highways , etc. ) far from Vauquois .
With disasters like that of Vauquois and a hundred other French towns and villages , we gain insight into the genesis of the state management of disasters in the 21st century .
Individuals who try to protect their own property during a storm are regarded as opponents of the state — problems for the police to deal with .
The recent FEMA debacles are only the latest and most extreme version .
Inquiry into many other case studies would fill out the outlines of this story : conscientious objection to the war , the enlistment of women into ultratoxic munitions factories , the propaganda of state obligation that led young women to give out white feathers to able - bodied men who had not enlisted in the army , the program of forced labor in Germany , the internment of ethnic Germans in Australia , the policy of opening the US mail in the search for saboteurs and traitors , and many , many more .
But to cut a long story short , as with Rathenau 's " sequestration " of private property , and with the " systematization " of state - managed disasters , the upshot of the Great War crisis , as Robert Higgs might point out , was a sea change in all relations of the individual to the state , and therefore a sea change in all relations between and among individuals , families , churches , and nonstate groups .
As I suggested in my opening line , we shall never be able to count the costs of the Great War .
We can , however , come to appreciate the world that was lost when the lights went out all over Europe in 1914 and elsewhere thereafter .
One of the most important costs was the beginning of the nationalization of private life that continues its course to the present day .
Let me add that this accounting of costs and the whole view of the war in its negative aspects are hardly conceivable in modern democratic and statist modes of thinking .
After all is said and done , perhaps the war did make the world safe for democracy .
Indeed , Randolph Bourne , famous for observing that war is the health of the state , might have gone further : war is not only the health of the state , but the health of democracy too .
There is hardly any aspect of war that is unwelcome to the modern collectivist - democratic state .
War justifies every desired measure for the expansion of state power ; it necessitates the removal of all intermediaries among or between the state and individuals , families , or other natural human units .
War exalts the collective and tends to kill , maim , humiliate , or corrupt the individual .
War lends an air of sacralization to the modern positivist , humanist civic religion .
Our war - related national holidays represent high holy days , except that the sacrifice extolled is the sacrifice of individuals in the service of the state ( or of " freedom " or whatever buzzword the state happens to be using as a synonym for its powers ) .
Hence , from this perspective , the costs of war to individuals are transformed into clear profits for the state .
Shortly after he completed his second term as president in 1909 , Teddy Roosevelt took a year - long hunting safari in Africa under the auspices of the Smithsonian Institution .
Many of Roosevelt ’s trophies wound up as exhibits in the Smithsonian and the American Museum of Natural History in New York .
Roosevelt ’s safari experiences , regaled in his book African Game Trails ( 1910 ) gave him strong opinions about how animals blended , or did not blend , with their surroundings :
“ Black and white are normally the most conspicuous colors in nature ( and yet are borne by numerous creatures who have succeeded well in the struggle for life ) ; but almost any tint ... harmonizes fairly well with at least some landscapes , and in but a few instances among the larger mammals , and in almost none among those frequenting the open plains , is there the slightest reason for supposing that the creature gains any benefit whatever from what is loosely called its ‘ protective coloration . ’ ”
Roosevelt ’s scoffed at notions of the protective value of coloration for two reasons .
First , the horse - mounted hunter extraordinaire had little difficulty spotting , stalking and bagging big game ; his hunting party shot more than 500 mammals .
Clearly animals ’ colors did not protect them from him .
And second , while at the time the fact of evolution was widely accepted by scientists ( and Roosevelt ) , Darwin ’s explanation of the primary role of natural selection as the mechanism of evolution was not .
Natural selection had fallen out of favor , in particular over the matter of animal coloration .
Many naturalists in the 1890s had criticized Darwinian explanations of coloration as wholly lacking evidence , and offered other explanations .
For instance , some suggested that coloration was directly caused by external factors such as climate , light or diet .
These alternative ideas were soon quashed by the emergence of the science of genetics and the demonstration through breeding experiments ( such as those originally conducted by Gregor Mendel ) that coloration is an inherited property of plants and animals .
But until the past few years , we did not know how genes determine animal coloration or how variation in genes affect variation in coloration in nature .
New understanding of how animal colors are made , particularly simple patterns of black and white , and field studies of the benefits and drawbacks of color schemes in different habitats , are now providing some of the best examples of how natural selection and evolution work .
One of the most widespread phenomena in the animal kingdom is the occurrence of darkly pigmented varieties within species .
All sorts of moths , beetles , butterflies , snakes , lizards and birds have forms that are all or mostly black .
Perhaps most familiar are the dark big cats , such as the black leopard and black jaguar .
These beautiful animals are often displayed in zoos as curiosities , but they also occur in the wild in significant numbers .
All of these so - called “ melanic ” forms result from increased production of the pigment melanin in the skin , fur , scales or feathers .
Melanic pigmentation can serve many roles .
Melanin protects us and other animals from the ultraviolet rays of the sun ; it can help animals in colder climates or higher altitudes warm their bodies more quickly , and , contrary to Roosevelt ’s skepticism about protective coloration , black pigment does conceal some animals from predators .
In the deserts of the southwestern United States , for instance , there are outcrops of very dark rocks that were produced by lava flows over the past two million years .
Among these rocks lives the rock pocket mouse , which occurs in dark black and a light , sandy color .
Naturalists in the 1930s observed that mice found on the lava rocks were typically melanic , while those on the surrounding sand - colored granite rocks were usually light - colored .
This color - matching between fur color and habitat background appears to be an adaptation against predators , particularly owls .
Mice that are color - matched to their surroundings have a survival advantage over mismatched mice in each of the two habitats .
Recently , Michael Nachman and his collaborators at the University of Arizona have undertaken detailed field and genetic studies of rock pocket mice .
They have found that the mice interbreed with mice from other habitats and migrate between rock types .
The mice are clearly one species , not two .
So what makes fur black or light ?
Just a few differences in the code of a single gene .
This simple basis of inheritance means that the origin of black mice from light - colored parents happened in just one or a very small number of mutational steps .
But for mice invading the previously alien habitat of black lava rocks , those small genetic steps were a giant leap in terms of evolution .
Nachman and Hopi Hoekstra ( now at Harvard University ) estimated that dark mice have about a 60 percent or greater survival advantage over light mice on the dark lava rocks .
In other words , fur color in this species is clearly under very strong natural selection .
The gene involved in the origin of melanism in rock pocket mice is called melanocortin receptor 1 , or MC1R or short .
That is not a very interesting nugget of information , until I tell you that the melanic forms of jaguars , snow geese , arctic fox , fairy wrens , banaquits , golden lion tamarins , arctic skua , two kinds of lizards , and of domestic cows , sheep and chickens are caused by mutations in this very same gene .
In some species , precisely the same mutations have occurred independently in the origin of their dark forms .
These discoveries reveal that the evolution of melanism is not some incredibly rare accident , but a common , repeatable process .
Evolution can and does repeat itself .
Melanism is not only a matter of concealment .
The lesser snow goose also occurs in two forms , a white and a melanic “ blue ” form .
In this species , the mating preference of individuals follows the color scheme of their parents .
Apparently , young birds learn their parents ' color and choose mates along family lines–birds from blue families prefer blue mates and birds from white families prefer white mates .
Mating preferences among arctic skuas have an additional twist , in that females generally prefer darker males .
Both of these bird species are evolving under sexual selection , a process also first described by Darwin , in which traits that are advantageous in the mating game are favored .
Because sexual selection has such a strong effect on mating success , it is a very strong form of selection in nature .
Another common form of animal coloration is the lack of pigmentation–or albinism .
This condition is frequently observed in natural populations of cave - dwelling animals , including fish , crayfish , insects , spiders and other species .
The common occurrence of albinism in cave animals is thought to represent the flip side of evolution under natural selection .
That is , with little or no light , natural or sexual selection on pigment color and pattern is relaxed .
Mutations that abolish pigmentation , and that would generally be harmful to animals in other habitats , are tolerated in the darkness of these caves .
Albinism , too , appears to have a simple genetic basis that makes it “ easy ” to evolve .
Recently , Meredith Protas and Cliff Tabin at Harvard Medical School , Bill Jeffery at the University of Maryland , and their collaborators pinpointed the genetic basis of albinism in the Mexican blind cavefish .
These albino fish are found in about 30 caves in the Sierra de El Abra region in northeastern Mexico .
Each population is derived from a pigmented , fully sighted surface - or river - dwelling form .
The researchers have investigated the genetic basis of albinism in populations from the Pachón and Molino caves and found that albinism in each population was caused by mutations in the same pigmentation gene , but different specific mutations in each case .
Here again , in these fish , evolution has repeated itself twice in the origin of the same trait .
Furthermore , the specific gene mutated in these fish is also the same gene responsible for albinism in humans , pigs , mice and other fish species .
The natural histories of the rock pocket mice and cavefish vividly demonstrate how animals have adapted to new surroundings ; no matter how alien those habitats once were to their ancestors .
These obscure animals have also provided the concrete links between specific genes , natural selection and evolution in the wild that have long been sought by biologists .
While not as majestic as the game animals of the African savanna , these animals illustrate larger lessons that would have been appreciated by Roosevelt , and perhaps even warranted their own , albeit small , trophy case for displaying the continuing progress in understanding how evolution works .
Author Bio :
Sean B. Carroll is an evolutionary biologist at the University of Wisconsin .
His new book , Remarkable Creatures : Epic Adventures in the Search for the Origins of Species ( Houghton Mifflin Harcourt ) , chronicles the experiences and discoveries of intrepid naturalists who developed and advanced the theory of evolution .
A close brush with a distracted driver is enough to intimidate the most avid bikers from riding at night .
The problem is n’t just about visibility , as safety lights are effective at capturing the attention of a driver .
However , these lights are typically constrained to the bike frame , which highlights only a fraction of the bike ’s envelope .
Bike lanes have proven to be an effective method of protecting cyclists on congested roads .
One key is that the lane establishes a well defined boundary beyond the envelope of the bicycle , providing a greater margin of safety between the car and the cyclist .
Yet , only a small fraction of streets have dedicated bike lanes , and with an installation cost of $ 5,000 to $ 50,000 per mile , we should n’t expect to find them everywhere anytime soon .
Instead of adapting cycling to established bike lanes , the bike lane should adapt to the cyclists .
This is the idea behind the LightLane .
Our system projects a crisply defined virtual bike lane onto pavement , using a laser , providing the driver with a familiar boundary to avoid .
With a wider margin of safety , bikers will regain their confidence to ride at night , making the bike a more viable commuting alternative .
Share this :
Share
Print
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Friday , 13 Feb , 2009 Offbeat
To celebrate Valentine 's Day and surprise her boyfriend , a woman from UK spent thousands of pounds to rent a penthouse suite and recreate the scene from the Oscar - winning movie " American Beauty " by covering her body with rose petals .
The blonde 25 - year - old Lesley Heague also decided to hire a photographer who would take a picture of her covered in rose petals ( just like the actress Mena Suvari in the movie ) for a personalized Valentine 's Day card .
The idea came to Miss Heague after she asked her boyfriend , Luke Scrase , what was his favorite film .
She anticipated her boyfriend , 21 , to be surprised by her romantic idea , believing that " American Beauty " was the DVD he wanted to watch in the weekend .
However , it turned out that she misheard the title of the movie and Mr. Scrase 's favorite film was " American Gangster " with Denzel Washington .
But it was too late since she already paid GBP695 for the room at the luxurious Vincent Hotel , located in Southport , Merseyside , and ordered petals from two dozen red roses to be spread on the bed and in the bathroom , reports The Telegraph .
" I wanted to do something really special for Luke .
I was sure he said he was a big fan of American Beauty , so I thought I 'd go the whole hog and set up a themed weekend , " she said .
Miss
Heague liked the idea so much that she mentioned it to Luke 's best friend , who told her that Luke has never seen American Beauty .
Though she felt somewhat disappointed she decided that the weekend should not go to waste .
She bought both " American Beauty " and " American Gangster " DVDs .
Luke said : " What Lesley has done is really great and I 'm planning to have the pictures framed from her Valentine 's card . "
A spokesperson for the Vincent Hotel mentioned that it was for the first time in hotel 's history that a client dressed a room with rose petals .
The spokesperson added : " But we like to oblige any reasonable requests so we are happy to make these arrangements and I am sure her Valentine 's Day weekend with us will be very memorable . "
As noted earlier , we may not be trained " numbers people " , but TCC staffers can usually hold their own on the brave frontier of math .
Still , we 've had a tough time wrapping our heads around the Big Three bailout bottom line , thanks largely to conflicting dollar figures floating across the interwebz and the He Said / She Said nature of the whole ordeal .
So we did what any sensible team with access to Microsoft Access would do : we made a bar chart .
The top half is pretty accurate , based on congressional hearings and multiple reports from venerable financial outlets .
The " Looming Costs " section , however , is much more nebulous : for example , the figure at the very bottom -- the $ 9 billion associated with tax deductible interest for new car loans -- is an approximation , since that provision was struck from Obama 's economic stimulus package .
Rumor has it , however , that it 's headed back to the floor as a bill in its own right .
There are numerous other expenses we could 've included , too , since there are plenty of bailout dollars headed to sister sectors of the auto industry .
If you see something important that we 've left out , drop us a line or make a note in the comments below ; we 'll try to include it in updates .
And believe us : there will be updates .
I suspect many people are trying to be more carbon aware and do the right thing .
And many of those who have n't done much know they should be trying harder .
( If you must know , I 've bought a much smaller car , am doing better with lights and appliances and walk to work more often .
But my use of an air - conditioner is less than exemplary . )
And remember , every little bit we do to reduce our personal consumption of electricity and petrol helps save the planet from global warming .
Or does it ?
I thought I knew a fair bit about Kevin Rudd 's proposed carbon pollution reduction scheme , but I 've been surprised and disappointed to discover it 's impervious to voluntary efforts to reduce our emissions .
As Dr Richard Dennis , executive director of the Australia Institute , has been tirelessly explaining , nothing we choose to do for moral reasons will do anything to reduce the nation 's total emissions of greenhouse gases .
That 's because the nation 's total emissions will be controlled by an annually reducing cap , designed to reduce our emissions by 2020 to between 5 per cent and 15 per cent ( it 's yet to be decided ) less than our emissions in 2000 .
And because , left to their own devices , our emissions would continue growing quite strongly , the cap serves not only as an upper limit on our total emissions but also as a lower limit .
It 's both a ceiling and a floor .
So when you and I voluntarily cut back our emissions we do n't reduce the nation 's total emissions , we just make more room for other , industrial polluters - say , the aluminium , steel or cement industries - to increase their emissions .
If you did n't know that , you could be forgiven .
It seems you have a lot of mates .
In a poll of 1000 people conducted for the Australia Institute , respondents were asked what effect it would have on Australia 's total greenhouse gas emissions " if every household in Australia reduced their electricity use in the future " .
About 8 per cent were n't sure , but 78 per cent said our total emissions would go down .
Only 13 per cent got the right answer , that total emissions would stay the same .
That 's a seriously misinformed electorate - which is why I 'm writing this piece .
It gives me no joy to further complicate the life of an embattled Government that , in its own heavily compromised way , is trying to do something concrete to reduce climate change .
The pollies should n't be under any doubt that people want to be able to do their bit .
More than 87 per cent of respondents agree that " households and individuals should be able to contribute to reducing Australia 's greenhouse gas emissions " .
Unfortunately , the Government has n't only failed to ensure people understand the workings of the scheme it 's seeking to introduce , it has n't resisted the temptation to actively mislead people .
In spruiking the part of his $ 42 billion stimulus package offering subsidies for ceiling insulation and solar hot water systems , Kevin Rudd claimed that this " energy - efficient homes initiative " could , once fully implemented , " result in reductions of greenhouse gas emissions by 49.9 million tonnes by 2020 , or the equivalent of taking 1 million cars off the road " .
As understanding has dawned about this hidden flaw in the trading scheme , the Minister for Climate Change , Penny Wong , has been quite tricky in her seeming rebuttal .
There had been " misunderstanding " of the impact voluntary action by households can have under a cap - and - trade abatement scheme , she wrote in a newspaper article on Monday .
" Some argue that household action simply frees up carbon pollution permits for others to use , " she said .
" In fact , individual and community action to be more energy efficient not only saves them money , it will contribute directly to Australia meeting our emissions reductions targets .
" Strong household action also helps make it easier for governments to set even more ambitious targets in the future . "
That statement comes under the heading of literally true , but calculated to mislead .
It 's true that if you reduce your consumption of petrol or electricity you 'll save yourself money .
It 's true only in an arithmetic sense that anything we do " contributes directly " to Australia meeting its emissions target .
Everything contributes to the bottom line of the sum .
But , because the bottom line is controlled under the scheme , any helpful contribution we might make just leaves more scope for others to make unhelpful contributions .
When Wong says strong actions on our part help make it easier for governments to set lower emissions targets in future , the future she means is after 2020 .
As it stands , the only changes governments can make under the scheme are to the " trajectory " or path we travel to get to an unchanged destination level of emissions in 2020 .
Why has the Government constructed its scheme in such a strange , off - putting way , which fact it has then wanted to conceal and obfuscate ?
Because to date it 's been more worried about business resistance than public approval .
Loading
Any voluntary effort we make has been presented to businesses as a bonus , reducing the amount of adjustment they have to make ( and , note , reducing the amount by which electricity prices will need to rise under the scheme ) .
Now its little game has been rumbled , however , the Government will need to modify its scheme to keep faith with the more conscience - stricken among us .
Fortunately , that wo n't be too hard .
One of President Obama 's major campaign planks was making government more open and accountable .
It 's a reaction to a habit in Congress of rushing bills through the House and Senate without giving people much opportunity to know what the bills would do .
Indeed , sometimes members of Congress do n't even know what 's in the bills .
So Obama pledged during the campaign to institute " sunlight before signing . "
" Too often bills are rushed through Congress and to the president before the public has the opportunity to review them , " Obama 's campaign Web site states .
" As president , Obama will not sign any nonemergency bill without giving the American public an opportunity to review and comment on the White House Web site for five days . "
But the first bill Obama signed into law as president — the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act — got no such vetting .
In fact , the Congressional Record shows that the law was passed in the Senate on Jan. 22 , 2009 , passed in the House on Jan. 27 , and signed by the president on Jan. 29 .
So only two days passed between the bill 's final passage and the signing .
The legislation was not posted to the White House Web site for comment in any way that we could find .
We see no way the bill could be deemed emergency legislation , even taking the broadest view .
The bill overturns the effects of a Supreme Court decision that limited when workers could sue for pay discrimination .
Most pertinently , the bill is retroactive to the time of the court decision — May 28 , 2007 .
Obama earned a Promise Kept from us for signing the law .
But it would have the same effect if had been signed a few days later , so it 's clearly not an emergency .
We asked the White House about this and if they planned to begin posting laws to the Web site for comment soon , but we got no response .
Obama signed the measure at 10:20 a.m .
About two hours later , the White House posted the bill on its
Web site with a link that asks people to submit comments .
But the bill was already signed at that point .
We recognize that Obama has been in office just a week , but he was very clear about his plan for a five - day comment period , and we can't see why this one needed to be rushed .
It is somewhat ironic that with the same action , Obama both keeps and breaks a campaign promise .
But there it is — his first one .
Promise Broken .
This is good news from the SEIU , assuming Burger King has dropped their opposition permanently .
It seems to be the result of a full week of SEIU actions at Burger Kings across the country :
Under pressure from SEIU activists and allies like Brave New Films , Jobs with Justice , and the Coalition for Social Justice this week , Burger King scrambled to respond to allegations that it lobbied against the Employee Free Choice
Act while paying its workers poverty wages .
In a statement issued Friday , Burger King apparently backed off its opposition to the Employee Free Choice Act :
" Burger King Corp . ( BKC ) believes unions serve a purpose in some workplaces and a number of its guests , vendors and franchisees have positive union membership experiences .
BKC is not anti-union .
BKC and its franchisees serve a diverse consumer base and , therefore , aim to remain neutral on political issues .
Now that it has recanted its opposition , we fully expect that Burger King will cease its expenditures on lobbying against the Employee Free Choice Act and either withdraw from business associations that also oppose the bill , or demand that those groups also stop lobbying against the Employee Free Choice Act .
Burger King spent $ 319,648 lobbying against the proposed legislation between 2006 and 2008 and has helped fund the fight against the bill through its involvement in the National Retail Federation , one of the organizations behind an anti-employee free choice group called the Coalition for a Democratic Workplace .
Prominent Burger King shareholder Goldman Sachs is also involved in lobbying against workers ' interests as a member of the Business Roundtable , which spent $ 15,849,000 on lobbying in 2008 , including lobbying against the Employee Free Choice Act .
Search
Use up and down arrows to review search suggestions and enter to select
Steam 's ability to provide instant feedback to developers is one of its major selling points .
This is especially helpful when it comes to pricing , as the developers can quickly see how lowering or raising the price on a particular game affects its sales .
And as it turns out , it has quite a large impact , as we saw during the 50 percent off sale of Left 4 Dead last weekend .
While speaking at DICE , Valve 's Gabe Newell revealed that a recent sale on the Steam version of Left 4 Dead led to an astounding sales increase of 3000 percent .
In fact , the numbers during the sale period actually eclipsed the sales during L4Ds launch week , typically the highest selling period in a game 's life .
It 's not just Valve games that see benefits from discounting games on
Steam , as Newell also explained that an undisclosed third - party title
saw a 36,000 percent jump in sales over a similar weekend .
Here are
some of the figures that Newell revealed :
10 percent sale = 35 percent increase in sales
25 percent sale = 245 percent increase in sales
50 percent sale = 320 percent increase in sales
75 sale sale = 1470 percent increase in sales
Numbers like these help to illustrate the benefits of digital distribution , especially on the PC .
By having so much control over the pricing of a game , it allows developers to give titles a longer lease on life , constantly keeping them in gamers ' minds .
Hopefully this is something we will eventually see make its way to downloadable console titles .
While the prices on Steam are often higher than what you 'd find at retail , the sales are likewise usually stronger .
It 's an odd dichotomy in terms of pricing , but the deals are there if you 're willing to wait .
As news of Iraq 's oil inducing monetary surplus enters the main stream I thought I 'd take some time to reflect , or rather research the history of Iraq 's oil business .
The publicly available data acquired dates to February of 1996 , the start of Bill Clinton 's second term .
The amount of barrels imported from Iraq during the Clinton years slowly grew before leveling out at around the 22,500 thousand barrel level with a monthly max of 28,580 in October of 1999 .
With the changing of the guard , Iraqi exports remained roughly steady with the USA under the new Bush Administration until September of 2001 .
The graph below shows a large spike corresponding to September 2001 as it also marks the highest monthly total on record .
Source : Energy Information Administration
Could other factors cause such a coincidence , perhaps the age old economic mantra of supply and demand played a role .
The next graph shows the petroleum production of OPEC and Iraq ; the purpose of this graph is to illustrate that supply did not change in the months leading up to September 2001 , yet demand did based on the first graph 's large increase during the same time frame .
I looked for figures related to petroleum reserves citing perhaps a methodical buildup by OPEC , but the data pertaining to this figures was not collected before 2003 ; which in itself is fascinating .
Source : Energy Information Administration
Now for the graph that begs the question :
Why did Iraqi oil exports to the USA drastically increase after the September 11th attacks and then again before the start of the Iraq War ?
I have no idea what the answer to this question is but there is little evidence to support pure happenstance .
I can think of theories but nothing concrete .
Source : Energy Information Administration
The next graph has nothing to do with Iraq , but rather Iran .
The same Iran McCain preaches about in his energy policy .
The data clearly paints a picture though ; Iran really has nothing to do with our dependence on foreign oil because the USA has never depended on Iran for oil .
U.S. sanctions against Iran due to Iran 's historic support for international terrorism and its actions against non-belligerent shipping in the Persian Gulf impact the development of its petroleum sector .
According to the Iran Transactions Regulations , administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) , U.S. persons may not directly or indirectly trade , finance , or facilitate any goods , services or technology going to or from Iran , including goods , services or technology that would benefit the Iranian oil industry .
U.S. persons are also prohibited from entering into or approving any contract that includes the supervision , management or financing of the development of petroleum resources located in Iran .
Source : Energy Information Administration [ Updated : Oct 2007 ]
This quote from the EIA pretty much says all that needs to be said .
The USA has imported no crude oil or for that matter any other petroleum product from Iran since at least 1993 , the first year our data source ( EIA ) began reporting this data .
Source : Energy Information Administration
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Updated @ 9:30 pm :
In response to an earlier story in The Wall Street Journal , Google offered a clarification and reaffirmed its stance on network neutrality and pointed out that it is not backing away from it .
It has dismissed the WSJ story as confused .
Instead , Google explained that the OpenEdge effort ( the subject of the WSJ story ) was a plan to peer its edge - caching devices directly with the network operators so that the users of those broadband carriers get faster access to Google and YouTube ’s content .
“ Google has offered to “ colocate ” caching servers within broadband providers ’ own facilities ; this reduces the provider ’s bandwidth costs since the same video would n’t have to be transmitted multiple times , ” Richard Whitt , Google ’s Washington telecom and media counsel , wrote on the company ’s policy blog .
He went on to say that all these colocation deals — done via projects like OpenEdge and Google Global Cache — are non-exclusive and “ none of them require ( or encourage ) that Google traffic be treated with higher priority than other traffic .
Despite the hyperbolic tone and confused claims in Monday ’s Journal story , I want to be perfectly clear about one thing :
Google remains strongly committed to the principle of net neutrality , and we will continue to work with policymakers in the years ahead to keep the Internet free and open . ”
The reason Google can do this is because the company has the resources and the network infrastructure to pull this off .
That alone gives the company an advantage over others .
Original report below the fold .
The Wall Street Journal reports that Google ( s GOOG ) , long a network neutrality champion , is looking to cut deals with broadband providers — both cable and phone companies — to get faster access for its own content .
The Journal claims it has seen documents that show that Google has made these overtures .
I have reached out to the company ’s PR to get more information and will update my post accordingly .
According to the Journal , one cable operator who was approached by Google has been reluctant to do the deal because of legislative backlash .
“ If we did this , Washington would be on fire , ” he told the Journal reporters .
Nevertheless , by exploring this option , Google is going against its long - held belief in network neutrality where all data packets are treated as equal by network operators .
The WSJ story does n’t quite outline how this system is supposed to work , but my best guess is that Google would essentially put a majority of its content and services closer to the service provider ’s infrastructure .
It is not clear how is this different from the kind of deals Akamai ( s AKAM ) has for its CDN network .
Of course , Google could go for preferential arrangements that mimic the deals it has cut in the wireless arena with T - Mobile , which makes it easy to access Google services on its mobile phones .
In return , wireless carriers get a piece of the Google ’s ad revenue .
While it might seem like a smart move in the short term — it can put Microsoft , Yahoo and Facebook at a disadvantage — in the long run , this move will be like swinging the tiger by the tail .
The carriers will start with a fraction of the revenues , but over a period of time they can increase their cut , and Google would have no way to put the genie back in the bottle .
Google is not alone — other , older Internet companies are turning their back on network neutrality .
The Journal says both Microsoft ( s MSFT ) and Yahoo ( s YHOO ) have also started to back away from a coalition that was formed to protect network neutrality two years ago .
“ Network neutrality is a policy avenue the company is no longer pursuing , ” Microsoft said in a statement .
The Redmond , Wash. , software giant now favors legislation to allow network operators to offer different tiers of service to content companies .
Even the so - called Internet liberals have started to back away from the concept of network neutrality , the Journal says .
“ There are good reasons to be able to prioritize traffic , ” Mr. Lessig said later in an interview .
“ If everyone had to pay the same rates for postal service , than you would n’t be able to differentiate between sending a greeting card to your grandma versus sending an overnight letter to your lawyer . ”
Of course , Larry Lessig ( a adviser to President - elect Obama ) , an academic who roared and helped champion such powerful new ideas such as Creative Commons , forgets that we live in a world where access for broadband is provided by a duopoly that has thoroughly corrupted the FCC and legislative system .
Who is going to monitor them the way the U.S. Postal Service is monitored ?
Where is the competitive landscape akin to one that allows DHL , FedEx and UPS to compete with the USPS .
( Lessig rejects WSJ ’s claims on his blog . )
Forget Lessig for a minute .
Google ’s attempts to get its packets ahead of others by paying the carriers is going to be a body blow to the network neutrality movement .
Or as they say , Et tu , Larry & Sergey ?
Given how close President - elect Obama is to the current Google management , I can only fear the worst .
Many startups might skip over this issue , which I constantly bring up , but they need to wake up and realize that in the end they are all going to be impacted if network neutrality is backstabbed to death .
If Google can buy better performance for its service , your web app might be at a disadvantage .
If the cost of doing business means paying baksheesh to the carriers , then it is the end of innovation as we know it .
A part of me does n’t want to believe this report — I mean it goes against everything Google stands for .
If true — and I have no reason to doubt a fine publication like the Wall Street Journal — it proves for once and for all that Google ’s talk about ‘ do no evil ’ is nothing more than hot air , a fancy phrase designed to get more publicity than anything else .
Google , at the very core , is no different than any other monopoly before it .
AKRON , Ohio -- Mary Appleby , 76 years old , lost her job in January as a cashier at a courthouse cafeteria here .
She is now looking for minimum - wage work .
Mary Bennett , 80 , began filling out applications for fast - food restaurants and convenience stores after she was laid off last March as a machinist .
Fred Dase , 81 , a bartender until last summer , also needs another job .
During ...
From Belief to Enlightenment :
The treacherous and arduous path French Translation by Ali Sina I was born into a moderately religious family .
On my mother ’s side I have a few relatives who are Ayatollahs .
Although my grandfather ( whom I never met ) was somewhat a skeptic , we were believers .
My parents were not fond of the mullahs .
In fact , we did not have much to do with our more fundamentalist relatives .
We liked to think of ourselves as believing in “ true Islam , ” not the one taught and practiced by the mullahs .
I recall discussing religion with the husband of one of my aunts when I was about 15 years old .
He was a fanatical Muslim who was very concerned about the fiqh ( Islamic jurisprudence ) .
It prescribes the way Muslims should pray , fast , run their public and private lives , do business , clean themselves , use the toilet , and even copulate .
I argued this has nothing to do with true Islam , that it is a fabrication of the Mullahs , that excessive attention to fiqh diminishes the impact and importance of the pure message of Islam , to unite man with his creator .
This view is mostly inspired by Sufism .
Many Iranians , thanks to Rumi 's poems , are to a great degree Sufis in their outlook .
In my early youth I noticed discriminations and cruelties against the members of religious minorities in Iran .
This was more noticeable in provincial towns where the level of education was low and the mullahs had a better grip over gullible people .
Due to my father ’s work we spent a few years in small towns out of the capital .
I recall one of my teachers who planned to take the class swimming .
We were excited and looked forward to it .
In the class there were a couple of kids who were Baha'i and Jewish .
The teacher did not let them accompany us .
He said they are not allowed to swim in the same pool that Muslims swim in .
I cannot forget the kids ’ disappointment as they left school with tears in their eyes , subdued and heartbroken .
At that age , maybe nine or ten , I could not make sense of and was saddened by this injustice .
I thought it was the kid ’s fault for not being Muslims .
I believe I was lucky for having open - minded parents who encouraged me to think critically .
They tried to instill in me the love of God and his messenger , yet upheld humanistic values like equality of rights between man and woman , and love for all humankind .
In a sense , this is how most modern Iranian families were .
In fact , the majority of Muslims who have some education believe Islam is a humanistic religion that respects human rights , that elevates the status of women and protects their rights .
Most Muslims believe that Islam means peace .
Needless to say , few of them have read the Quran .
I spent my early youth in this sweet dream , advocating “ true Islam ” as I thought it should be , and criticizing the mullahs and their deviations from the real teachings of Islam .
I idealized an Islam that conformed to my own humanistic values .
Of course my imaginary Islam was a beautiful religion .
It was a religion of equality and peace .
It was a religion that encouraged its followers to go after knowledge and be inquisitive .
It was a religion that was in harmony with science and reason .
In fact , I thought that science got its inspiration from this religion .
The Islam I believed was a religion that sparkled with modern science , which eventually bore its fruit in the West and made modern discoveries and inventions possible .
Islam , I believed , was the real cause of modern civilization .
The reason Muslims were living in such a miserable state of ignorance , I thought , was all the fault of the self - centered mullahs and religious leaders who for their own personal gain had misinterpreted the real teachings of Islam .
Muslims honestly believe that the great Western civilization has its roots in Islam .
They recall great Middle Eastern scientific minds whose contributions to science have been crucial in the birth of modern science .
Omar Khayyam was a great mathematician who calculated the length of the year with a precision of .74 % of a second .
Zakaria Razi can very well be regarded as one of the first founders of empirical science who based his knowledge on research and experimentation .
Avicenna 's ( Bu Ali Sina ) monumental encyclopedia of medicine was taught in European universities for centuries .
There are so many more great luminaries who have “ Islamic names ” who were the pioneers of modern science when Europe was languishing in the medieval Dark Ages .
Like all Muslims , I believed all these great men were Muslims , that they were inspired by the wealth of hidden knowledge in the Quran ; and that if today 's Muslims could regain the original purity of Islam , the long lost glorious days of Islam would return and Muslims would lead the advancement of World civilization once again .
Iran was a Muslim country but it was also a corrupt country .
The chance of getting into a university was slim .
Only one in ten applicants could get into the university .
Often they were forced to choose subjects that they did not want to study because they could not get enough points for the subjects of their choice .
Students with the right connections often got the seats .
The standard of education in Iran was not ideal .
Universities were under- funded , as the Shah preferred building a powerful military might to become the gendarme of the Middle East rather than build the infrastructure of the country and invest in people ’s education .
These were reasons why my father thought I would be better off to leave Iran to continue my education elsewhere .
We considered America and Europe , but my father , acting upon the counsel of a few of his religious friends , thought another Islamic country would be better for a 16 year old boy .
We were told that the West ’s morality is too lax , people are perverted , the beaches are full of nudes , and they drink and have licentious lifestyles , all of which are dangers to a young man .
So I was sent to Pakistan instead , where people were religious and thus it was safe and moral .
A friend of the family told us that Pakistan is just like England , except that it is cheaper .
This , of course , proved to be untrue .
I found Pakistanis to be as immoral and corrupt as Iranians .
Yes they were very religious .
They did not eat pork and I saw no one consuming alcohol in public , but I noticed they had dirty minds , lied , were hypocrites , were cruel to women , and above all , were filled with hatred of the Indians .
I did not find them better than Iranians in any way .
They were religious but not moral or ethical .
In college , instead of taking Urdu I took Pakistani Culture to complete my A level FSc ( Fellow of Science ) .
I learned the reason for Pakistan 's partition from India and for the first time heard about Muhammad Ali Jinah , the man Pakistanis called Qaid-e A’zam , the great leader .
He was presented as an intelligent man , the Father of the Nation , while Gandhi was spoken of in a derogatory way .
Even then , I could not but side with Gandhi and condemn Jinah as an arrogant , ambitious man who was the culprit for breaking up a country and causing millions of deaths .
You could say I always had a mind of my own and was a maverick in my thinking .
No matter what I was taught , I always came to my own conclusion and did not believe what I was told .
I did not see differences of religion as valid reasons for breaking up a country .
The very word Pakistan was an insult to the Indians .
They called themselves pak ( clean ) to distinguish themselves from the Indians who were najis ( unclean ) .
Ironically I never saw a people dirtier than the Pakistanis both physically and mentally .
It was disappointing to see another Islamic nation in such intellectual and moral bankruptcy .
In discussions with my friends I failed to convince anyone of “ true Islam . ”
I condemned their bigotry and fanaticism while they disapproved of me for my un-Islamic views .
I related all this to my father and decided to go to Italy for my university studies .
In Italy people drink wine and eat pork , but they were more hospitable , friendlier , and less hypocritical than Muslims .
I noticed people were willing to help without expecting something in return .
I met a very hospitable elderly couple , who invited me to have lunch with them on Sundays , so I would not have to stay home alone .
They did not want anything from me .
They just wanted someone to love .
I was almost a grandson to them .
Only strangers in a new country , who do not know anyone and cannot speak the language , can truly appreciate the value of the help and hospitality of the locals .
Their house was sparkling clean , with shiny marble floors .
This contradicted my idea of Westerners .
Although my family was very open towards other people , Islam taught me that non-Muslims are najis ( Q.9:28 ) and one should not befriend them .
I still have a copy of the Farsi translation of the Quran I used to often read from .
One of the underlined verses is :
“ O you who believe !
Take not the Jews and the Christians as awliya ’ ( friends , protectors , helpers , etc. ) , they are but awliya ’ to one another …Q.5 : 51 I had difficulty understanding the wisdom of such a verse .
I wondered why I should not befriend this wonderful elderly couple who had no ulterior motives in showing me their hospitality than just making me feel at home .
I thought they were “ true Muslims ” and I tried to raise the subject of religion hoping they would see the truth of Islam and embrace it .
But they were not interested and politely changed the subject .
I was not stupid enough at anytime in my life to believe that all non-believers would go to hell .
I read this in the Quran before but never wanted to think about it .
I simply brushed it off or ignored it .
Of course , I knew that God would be pleased if someone recognized his messenger but never thought he would actually be cruel enough to burn someone in hell for eternity , even if that person only does good deeds , just because he was not a Muslim .
I read the following warning :
If anyone desires a religion other than Islam ( submission to Allah ) , never will it be accepted of him ; and in the Hereafter He will be in the ranks of those who have lost ( All spiritual good ) .
Q 3:85 , Yet I paid little heed and tried to convince myself the meaning is something other than what it appears to be .
At that moment this was not a subject that I was ready to handle .
So I did not think about it .
I hung around with my Muslim friends and noticed that most of them lived a very immoral life of double standards .
Most of them found girlfriends and slept with them .
That was very un -Islamic , or so I thought at that time .
What bothered me most was the fact that they did not value these girls as real human beings who deserved respect .
These girls were not Muslim girls and therefore were used just for sex .
This attitude was not general .
Those who made less show of religiosity were more respectful and sincere towards their western girlfriends and some even loved them and wanted to marry them .
Paradoxically .
those who were more religious were less faithful towards their girlfriends .
I always thought that true Islam is what is right .
If something is immoral , unethical , dishonest or cruel , it can not be Islam .
I could not see how the behavior of these immoral and callous Muslims could be the result of what was taught in Islam .
Years later I realized that the truth is exactly the opposite .
I found many verses that were disturbing and made me revise my whole opinion of Islam .
As I saw it , the tragedy was that the very same people who lived unethically and immorally were the ones who called themselves Muslims , said their prayers , fasted and were the first to defend Islam angrily if anyone raised a question about it .
They where the ones who would lose their temper and start a fight if someone dared to say a word against Islam .
Once I befriended a young Iranian man at the university restaurant , later introducing him to two other Muslim friends of mine .
We were all about the same age .
He was an erudite , virtuous , wise , young man .
My other two friends and I were captivated by his charm and high moral values
We used to wait for him and sit next to him during lunch hour , as we always learned something from him .
We used to eat a lot of spaghetti and risotto and craved a good Persian ghorme sabzi and chelow .
Our friend said his mother sent him some dried vegetables and invited us to his house the next Sunday for lunch .
We found his two - room apartment very clean , unlike the houses of other guys .
He made us a delicious ghorme sabzi which we ate with great gusto and then sat back chatting and sipping our tea .
It was then we noticed his Baha ’i books .
When we asked about them , he said he was a Baha ’i .
That did not bother me at all , but on the way home my two friends said they did not wish to continue their friendship with him .
I was surprised and asked why .
They said that being a Baha ’i makes him najis and had they known he was a Baha ’i , they would not have befriended him .
I was puzzled and enquired why they thought he was najis if we all were complementing him on his cleanliness .
We all agreed he was a morally superior man than all of the Muslim young men we knew , so why this sudden change of attitude ?
Their response was very disturbing .
They said the name itself had something in it that made them dislike this religion .
They asked me if I knew why everyone disliked the Baha ’is .
I told them I did n’t know , and that I liked everyone .
But since they disliked the Baha ’is , perhaps they should explain their reasons .
They did not know why !
This man was the first Baha ’i they knew this well , and he was an exemplary man .
I wanted to know the reason for their dislike .
There was no particular reason , they said .
It ’s just they know that Baha ’is are bad .
I am happy I did not continue my friendship with these two bigots .
From them I learned how prejudice is formed and operates .
Later I realized the prejudices and hatred that Muslims harbor against almost all non-Muslims is not the result of any misinterpretation of the teachings of the Quran , but is because this book teaches hate and encourages prejudice .
Those Muslims who go to the mosques and listen to the sermons of the mullahs are affected .
There are many verses in the Quran that call believers to hate non-believers , fight them , call them najis , subdue and humiliate them , chop off their heads and limbs , crucify them , and kill them wherever they find them .
¨ I Learned the truth from the Quran I left the religion on the backburner for several years .
Not that my views about religion had changed or I did n’t consider myself religious any more .
I just had so much to do that expending time on religion had become scarce .
Meanwhile I learned more about democracy , human rights and other values , like equality of rights between men and women , and I liked what I learned .
Did I pray ?
Whenever I could , but not fanatically .
After all , I was living and working in a Western country and did not want to look too different .
One day , I decided that it was time to deepen my knowledge of Islam and read the Quran from cover to cover .
I found an Arabic copy of the Quran with an English translation .
Previously I read only bits and pieces of the Quran .
This time I read all of it .
I would read a verse in Arabic , then its English translation , then refer back to the Arabic , and did not read the next verse until I was completely satisfied I understood the Arabic .
It did n’t take long before I came upon verses I found hard to accept .
One of these verses was : “ Allah forgiveth not that partners should be set up with Him ; but He forgiveth anything else , to whom He pleaseth ; to set up partners with Allah is to devise a sin Most heinous indeed . ”
4:48 I found it hard to accept that Gandhi would burn in hell forever because he was a polytheist with no hope of redemption , while a Muslim murderer could hope to receive Allah ’s forgiveness .
This raised a disturbing question .
Why is Allah so desperate to be known as the only God ?
If there is no other god but him , what is the fuss ?
Against whom is he competing ?
Why should he even care whether anyone knows him and praises him or not .
I learned about the size of this universe .
Light , which travels at a speed of 300 thousand kilometers per second takes 20 billion years to reach us from the galaxies that are at the edges of the universe .
How many galaxies are there ?
How many stars are there in these galaxies ?
How many planets are there in this universe ?
These thoughts were mind - boggling .
If Allah is the creator of this vast universe , why he is so concerned about being known as the only god by a bunch of apes living on a small planet down the Milky Way ?
Now that I had lived in the West , had many western friends who were kind to me , liked me , opened their hearts and homes to me , and accepted me as their friend , it was really hard to accept that Allah did n’t want me to befriend them .
Let not the believers
Take for friends or helpers Unbelievers rather than believers : if any do that , in nothing will there be help from Allah 3:28 , Is n’t Allah the creator of the unbelievers too ?
Is n’t he the god of everybody ?
Why he should be so unkind to the unbelievers ?
Would n’t it be better if Muslims befriended unbelievers and taught them Islam by a good example ?
By keeping ourselves aloof and distant from unbelievers , the gap of misunderstandings will never be bridged .
How in the world will unbelievers learn about Islam if we do not associate with them ?
These were the questions I kept asking myself .
The answer to these questions came in a very disconcerting verse .
Allah ’s order was to , “ slay them wherever ye catch them . ” ( Q.2:191 ) I thought of my own friends , remembering their kindnesses and love for me , and wondered how in the world a true god would ask anyone to kill another human being just because he does not believe .
That seemed absurd , yet this concept was repeated so often in the Quran there was no doubt about it .
In verse 8:65 , Allah tells his prophet : “ O Prophet ! rouse the Believers to the fight .
If there are twenty amongst you , patient and persevering , they will vanquish two hundred : if a hundred , they will vanquish a thousand of the Unbelievers . ”
I wondered why would Allah send a messenger to make war ?
Should n’t God teach us to love each other and be tolerant towards each other ’s beliefs ?
And if Allah is really so concerned about making people believe in him to the extent that he would kill them if they do n’t believe , why would he not kill them himself ?
Why does he ask us to do his dirty work ?
Are we Allah ’s hit men ?
Although I knew of Jihad and never questioned it before , I found it hard to accept that God would resort to imposing such violent measures on people .
What was more shocking was the cruelty of Allah in dealing with unbelievers .
I will instill terror into the hearts of the unbelievers : smite ye above their necks and smite all their fingertips off them 8:12
It seemed Allah was not just satisfied with killing unbelievers , he enjoyed torturing them before killing them .
Smiting people ’s heads from above their necks and chopping their fingertips were very cruel acts .
Would God really give such orders ?
And yet the worst is what he promised to do with unbelievers in the other world :
These two antagonists dispute with each other about their Lord :
But those who deny ( their Lord ) , - for them will be cut out a garment of Fire : over their heads will be poured out boiling water .
With it will be scalded what is within their bodies , as well as ( their ) skins .
In addition there will be maces of iron ( to punish ) them .
Every time they wish to get away therefrom , from anguish , they will be forced back therein , and ( it will be said ) , “ Taste ye the Penalty of Burning ! ” 22:19 - 22
How could the creator of this universe be so cruel ?
I was shocked to learn that Quran tells Muslims to : - kill unbelievers wherever they find them ( Q.2:191 ) , - murder them and treat them harshly ( Q.9:123 ) , - fight them , ( Q.8:65 ) , until no other religion than Islam is left ( Q.2:193 ) - humiliate them and impose on them a penalty tax if they are Christians or Jews , ( Q.9:29 ) - slay them if they are Pagans ( Q.9:5 ) , crucify , or cut off their hands and feet , - expel them from the land in disgrace .
And as if this were not enough , “ they shall have a great punishment in world hereafter ” ( Q.5:34 ) , - not befriend their own fathers or brothers if they are not believers ( Q.9:23 ) , ( Q.3:28 ) , - kill their own family in the battles of Badr and Uhud and asks Muslims to “ strive against the unbelievers with great endeavor ” ( Q.25:52 ) , - be stern with them because they belong to hell ( Q.66:9 ) .
How can any sensible person remain unmoved when he or she finds the Quran saying : “ strike off the heads of the unbelievers ” then after a “ wide slaughter among them , carefully tie up the remaining captives ” ( Q.47:4 ) .
I was also shocked to learn the Quran denies freedom of belief for all and clearly states Islam is the only acceptable religion ( Q.3:85 ) .
Allah relegates those who do not believe in the Quran to hell ( Q.5:11 ) and calls them najis ( filthy , untouchable , impure ) ( Q.9:28 ) .
He says unbelievers will go to hell and will drink boiling water ( Q.14:17 ) .
Further , “ As for the unbelievers , for them garments of fire shall be cut and there shall be poured over their heads boiling water whereby whatever is in their bowls and skin shall be dissolved and they will be punished with hooked iron rods ” ( Q.22:9 ) .
How sadistic !
The book of Allah says women are inferior to men and their husbands have the right to beat them ( Q.4:34 ) , and that women will go to hell if they are disobedient to their husbands ( Q.66:10 ) .
It says men have an advantage over women ( Q.2:228 ) .
It not only denies women equal right to their inheritance ( Q.4:11 - 12 ) , it also regards them as imbeciles and decrees that their testimony alone is not admissible in court ( Q.2:282 ) .
This means that a woman who is raped cannot accuse her rapist unless she can produce a male witness , which of course is a joke .
Rapists do n't rape in the presence of witnesses .
But the most shocking verse is where Allah allows Muslims to rape women captured in wars even if they are married before being captured ( Q.4:24 ) ( Q.4:3 ) .
The holy prophet raped the prettiest women he captured in his raids on the same day he killed their husbands and loved ones .
This is why anytime a Muslim army subdues another nation , they call them kafir and rape their women .
Pakistani soldiers raped up to 250,000 Bengali women in 1971 and massacred 3,000,000 unarmed civilians when their religious leader decreed that Bangladeshis are un-Islamic .
This is why the prison guards in the Islamic regime of Iran rape the women and then kill them after calling them apostates and the enemies of Allah .
The whole Quran is full of verses that teach killing of unbelievers and how Allah would torture them after they die .
There are no lessons on morality , justice , honesty , or love .
The only message of the Quran is to believe in Allah and his messenger .
The Quran coaxes people with celestial rewards of unlimited sex with fair houris in paradise and threatens them with blazing fires of hell .
When the Quran speaks of righteousness , it does not mean righteousness as we understand it , but it means belief in Allah and his messenger .
A Muslim can be a killer and murder non-Muslims and yet be a righteous person .
Good actions are secondary .
Belief in Allah and his messenger are the ultimate purpose of a person ’s life .
After reading the Quran I became greatly depressed .
It was hard to accept it all .
At first I denied and searched for esoteric meanings to these cruel verses of the Quran , all in vain .
There was no misunderstanding !
The Quran was overwhelmingly inhumane .
Of course it contained a lot of scientific heresies and absurdities , but they were not what impacted me the most .
It was the violence of this book that really jolted me and shook the foundation of my belief .
¨
The treacherous passage to enlightenment :
After my bitter experience with the Quran I found myself traveling on a torturous road riddled with torments .
I was kicked out of the blissful garden of ignorance , where all my questions were answered .
There I did not have to think .
All I had to do was believe .
Now , the gates to that garden were closed to me forever .
I had committed the unthinkable sin of thinking .
I had eaten from the forbidden tree of knowledge , and my eyes had been opened .
I could see the fallacy of it all and my own nakedness .
I knew I would not be let into that paradise of oblivion again .
Once you start thinking , you do n't belong there anymore .
I had only one way to go and that was forward .
This road to enlightenment proved to be more arduous than I was prepared for .
It was slippery .
There were mountains of obstacles to climb and precipices of errors to avert .
I traveled uncharted territories alone , not knowing what I would find next .
It would become my odyssey in the realm of understanding and discovering truth , eventually leading me to the land of enlightenment and freedom .
I will chart these territories for all those who also commit the sin of thinking , find themselves kicked out of the paradise of ignorance and are en route to an unknown destination .
If you doubt , if the mantle of ignorance in which you wrapped yourself is shredded to pieces and you find yourself naked , know that you cannot stay in the paradise of ignorance any longer .
You have been cast out forever .
Just as a child , once out of the womb , cannot go back , you will not be readmitted into that blissful garden of oblivion again .
Listen to one who has been there and done that , and do n't cling despondently to the gates .
That door is locked .
Instead look forward .
You have a trip ahead of you .
You can fly to your destination or you can crawl .
I crawled !
But because I crawled , I know this path quite well .
I will chart the road , so hopefully you do n't have to crawl .
The passage from faith to enlightenment consists of seven valleys .
Shock After reading the Quran my perspective of reality was jolted .
I found myself standing face to face with the truth and I was scared to look at it .
It certainly was not what I was expecting to see .
I had no one to blame , to curse and call a liar .
I found all the absurdities of Islam and inhumanity of its author by reading the Quran .
And I was shocked .
Only this shock made me come to my senses and face the truth .
Unfortunately this is a very difficult , painful process .
The followers of Muhammad must see the naked truth and they must be shocked .
We cannot keep sugarcoating the truth .
The truth is bitter and it must be accepted .
Facts are stubborn and refuse to go away .
Only then does the process of enlightenment start .
But because each person ’s sensitivity is different , what shocks one person may not shock the other .
Even as a man I was shocked when I read that Muhammad instructed his followers to beat their wives and called women “ deficient in intelligence . ”
Yet I have come to know many Muslim women who have no difficulty accepting these derogatory statements uttered by their prophet .
It ’s not that they agree they are deficient in intelligence or they believe the majority of the inhabitants of hell are women just because the Prophet said so , but they simply block out that information .
They read it , but it does n’t sink in .
They are in denial .
The denial acts as a shield that covers and protects them , that saves them from facing the pain of reality .
Once that shield is up , nothing can bring it down .
At this point their beliefs must be attacked from other directions .
We have to bombard them with other shocking teachings of the Quran .
They may have a weak spot for one of them .
That is all they need : a good shock .
Shocks are painful , but they can be lifesavers .
Shocks are used by doctors to bring back to life a dead patient .
For the first time , the Internet has changed the balance of power .
Now the brutal force of the guns , prisons and death squads are helpless and the pen is almighty .
For the first time Muslims cannot stop the truth by killing its messenger .
Now a great number of them are coming in contact with the truth and they feel helpless .
They want to silence this voice , but they cannot .
They want to kill the messenger , but they cannot .
They try to ban the sites exposing their cherished beliefs , sometimes they succeed momentarily , but most of the time they do n't .
I created a site to educate Muslims about true Islam .
I hosted it at Tripod.com .
The Islamists forced Tripod to shut it down and they cowardly complied to appease them Muslims .
I got my domain and the site was back again in a couple of weeks .
So the old way of killing the apostates , burning their books and silencing them by terror does not work .
They can not stop people from reading .
Even though my site is banned in Saudi Arabia , Emirates and many other Islamic countries , a great number of Muslims who never knew the truth about Islam are being exposed to the truth for the first time , and are shocked .
I met a lady on the net who converted to Islam and started to wear the Islamic veil .
She had a web site with her picture completely covered in a black veil along with her story of how she became a Muslim .
She was very active and she used to advise others not to read my writings .
But when she read the story of Safiyah , the Jewish woman that Muhammad captured and raped after killing her father , husband and many of her relatives , she was shocked .
She questioned other Muslims about this in vain .
Then the door was open and she was cast out of the paradise of ignorance .
She kept writing to me and asking questions .
Finally , she passed through the other stages from blind faith to enlightenment very quickly and wrote thanking me for guiding her though this arduous path .
She withdrew from the Yahoo Islamic clubs altogether .
When people learn about the unholy life of Muhammad and the absurdities of the Quran they are shocked .
I want to expose Islam , write the truth about Muhammad ’s unholy life , his hateful words , his senseless assertions , and bombard Muslims with facts .
They will be angry .
They will curse me , insult me and tell me that after reading my articles their faith in Islam is “ strengthened . ”
But that is when I know that I have sown the seed of doubt in their mind .
They say all this because they are shocked and have entered the stage of denial .
The seed of doubt is planted and it will germinate .
In some people it takes years , but given the chance it will eventually germinate .
Doubt is the greatest gift we can give to each other .
It is the gift of enlightenment .
Doubt will set us free , will advance knowledge , and will unravel the mysteries of this universe .
Faith will keep us ignorant .
One of hurdles we have to overcome is the hurdle of tradition and false values imposed on us by thousands of years of religious upbringing .
The world still values faith and considers doubt as the sign of weakness .
People talk of men of faith with respect and disdain men of little faith .
We are screwed up in our values .
The word faith means belief without evidence ; gullibility also means belief without evidence .
Therefore there is no glory in faithfulness .
Faithfulness means gullibility , credulity , susceptibility and easy to fleece .
How can one be proud of such qualities ?
Doubt on the other hand means the reverse of the above .
It means being capable of thinking independently , of questioning , and of being a skeptic .
We owe our science and our modern civilization to men and women who doubted , not to those who believed .
Those who doubted were the pioneers ; they were the leaders of thought .
They were philosophers , inventors , and discoverers .
Those who believed lived and died as followers , made little or no contribution to the advancement of science and human understanding .
Denial
After being shocked , or maybe simultaneously , one denies .
The majority of Muslims are trapped in denial .
They are unable and unwilling to admit the Quran is a hoax .
They desperately try to explain the unexplainable , find miracles in it and would willingly bend all the rules of logic to prove that the Quran is right .
Each time they are exposed to a shocking statement in the Quran or a reprehensible act performed by Muhammad they retreat in denial .
This is what I did in the first phase of my journey .
Denial is a safe place .
It is the unwillingness to admit that you have been kicked out of the paradise of ignorance .
You try to go back , reluctant to take the next step forward .
In denial you find your comfort zone .
In denial you are not going to be hurt , everything is okay ; everything is fine .
Truth is extremely painful , especially if one has been accustomed to lies all his life .
It is not easy for a Muslim to see Muhammad for who he was .
It is like telling a child that his father is a murderer , a rapist , and a thief .
A child who adulates his father will not be able to accept it even if all the proofs in the world is shown to him .
The shock is so great that all he can do is to deny it .
He will call you a liar .
hate you for hurting him , curse you , consider you his enemy , and may even explode in anger and physically attack you .
This is the stage of denial .
It is a self defense mechanism .
If pain is too great , denial will take that pain away .
If a mother is informed that her child has died in an accident , her first reaction is often denial .
At the moment of great catastrophes , one is usually overwhelmed by a weary sense that this is all a bad dream and that eventually you ’ll wake up and everything will be okay .
But unfortunately facts are stubborn and will not go away .
One can live in denial for a while , but sooner or later the truth must be accepted .
Muslims are cocooned in lies .
Because speaking against Islam is a crime punishable by death , no one dares to tell the truth .
Those who do , do not live long .
They are quickly silenced .
So how would you know the truth if all you hear are lies ?
On one hand the Quran claims to be a miracle and challenges anyone to produce a Surah like it .
And if you are in doubt as to which
We have revealed to Our servant , then produce a sura like it , and call on your helper , besides Allah , if you are truthful .
( Q : 2:23 ) Then it instructs its followers to kill anyone who dares to criticize it or challenge it .
If you ever dare to take up the challenge and produce a Surah as poorly written as the Quran you will be accused of mocking Islam for which the punishment is death .
In this atmosphere of insincerity and deceit , truth is the casualty .
The pain of coming face to face with the truth and realizing all that we believed were lies is extremely agonizing .
The only mechanism and natural way to deal with it is denial .
Denial takes away the pain .
It is a soothing bliss , even though it is hiding one ’s head in the sand .
One can not stay in denial forever .
Soon the night will fall and the cold shivering reality freezes one ’s bones and you realize that you are out of the paradise of ignorance .
That door is closed and the key has been thrown away .
You know too much .
You are an outcast .
Fearfully you look at the dark and twining road barely visible in the twilight of your uncertainties and gingerly you take your first steps towards an unknown destiny .
You grapple and fumble , reluctantly trying to stay focused .
But fear overwhelms you and each time you try to run back to the garden you once again face the closed door .
The great majority of Muslims live in denial .
They stay behind the closed door .
They can not go back nor do they dare to walk away from it .
Those who are inside the garden are those who never left it .
This door will only let you out .
You can not get in .
That blissful garden is the garden of certitude .
It is reserved for the faithful , for those who do not doubt , for those who do not think .
They believe anything .
They would believe that night is day and day is night .
They would believe that Muhammad climbed the seventh heaven , met with God , split the moon and conversed with jinns .
As Voltaire said , those who believe in absurdities commit atrocities .
They also believe that killing infidels is good , bombing is holy , stoning is divine , beating wives is prescribed by God , and hating unbelievers is the will of God .
These inhabitants of the paradise of ignorance constitute the majority .
Those who doubt are still the minority .
These believers will never see the truth if they are permanently kept cocooned in lies .
All they have heard so far is the lie that Islam is good and if only Muslims practiced true Islam , the world would become a paradise , that the problems of Islam are all the fault of Muslims .
This is a lie .
Most Muslims are good people .
They are no worse and no better than others .
It ’s Islam that makes them commit atrocities .
Those Muslims who do bad things are those who follow Islam .
Islam rears the criminal instinct in people .
The more a person is Islamist , the more bloodthirsty , hate mongering , and zombie s/he becomes .
I wanted to deny what I was reading .
I wanted to believe that the real meaning of the Quran is something else , but I could not .
I could no longer fool myself saying these inhumane verses were taken out of the context .
The Quran does not have a context .
Verses are jammed together at random often lacking any coherence .
Confusion
Those who read my articles and are hurt by what I say about the Quran and Islam are lucky .
They have me to blame .
They can hate me , curse me and direct all their anger at me .
But when I read the Quran and learned about its content , I could not blame anyone .
After going through the stages of shock and denial , I was confused and started to blame myself .
I hated myself for thinking , for doubting and finding fault with what I regarded to be the words of God .
Like all other Muslims , I was exposed to and accepted all the many lies , absurdities and inhumanities .
I was brought up as a religious person .
I believed in whatever I was told .
These lies were given to me in small doses , gradually , since my childhood .
I was never given an alternative to compare .
It is like vaccination .
I was immune to the truth .
But when I started to read the Quran seriously from cover to cover and understood what this book is actually saying .
I felt nauseated .
All those lies suddenly appeared in front of me .
I had heard them all and had accepted them .
My rational thinking was numbed .
I had become insensitive to the absurdities of the Quran .
When I found something that did not make sense , I brushed it off and said to myself that one has to look at the “ big picture . ”
That idyllic big picture , however , was nowhere to be found except in my own mind .
I pictured a perfect Islam .
So all those absurdities did not bother me because I paid no attention to them .
When I read the whole Quran I discovered a distinctly different picture than the one in my mind .
The new picture of Islam emerging from the pages of the Quran was violent , intolerant , irrational , arrogant , a far cry from Islam as a religion of peace , equality and tolerance .
In the face of this much absurdity , I had to deny it , to keep my sanity .
But how long I could keep denying the truth when it was out like the sun right in front of me ?
I was reading the Quran in Arabic so I could not blame a bad translation .
Later I read other translations .
I realized many translations in English are not entirely reliable .
The translators had tried very hard to hide the inhumanity and the violence in the Quran by twisting the words and adding their own words sometimes in parenthesis or brackets to soften its harsh tone .
The Arabic Quran is more shocking than its English translations .
I was confused and I did not know where to turn .
My faith had beeen shaken and my world had crumbled .
I could no longer deny what I was reading .
But I could not accept the possibility that this was all a huge lie .
“ How could it be , I kept asking myself .
that so many people have not seen the truth and I could see it ?
How could great seers like Jalaleddin Rumi did not see that Muhammad was an impostor and that the Quran is a hoax , and I see it ?
It was then that I entered the stage of guilt .
Guilt
The guilt lasted for many months .
I hated myself for having these thoughts .
I felt God was testing my faith .
I felt ashamed .
I spoke with learned people whom I trusted , people who were not only knowledgeable but whom I thought were wise .
I heard very little that could quench the burning fire within me .
One of these learned men told me not to read the Quran for a while .
He told me to pray and read only books that would strengthen my faith .
I did that , but it did not help .
The thoughts about the absurd , sometimes ruthless , ridiculous verses of the Quran kept throbbing in my head .
Each time I looked at my bookshelf and saw that book , I felt pain .
I took it and hid it behind the other books .
I thought if I do not think about it for a while my negative thoughts would go away and I would regain my faith once again .
But they did n’t go away .
I denied as much as I could , until I could no longer .
I was shocked , confused , felt guilty and it was painful .
This period of guilt lasted too long .
One day I decided enough is enough .
I told myself that it is not my fault .
I am not going to carry this guilt forever thinking about things that make no sense to me .
If God gave me a brain , it is because he wants me to use it .
If what I perceive as right and wrong is skewed , then it is not my fault .
He tells me killing is bad and I know it is bad because I do not want to be killed .
Then why did his messenger kill so many innocent people and order his followers to kill those who do not believe ?
If rape is bad , and I know it is bad because I do not want it to happen to people I love , why did Allah 's prophet rape the women he captured in war ?
If slavery is bad , and I know it is bad because I hate to lose my freedom and become a slave , why has the Prophet of God enslaved so many people and made himself rich by selling them ?
If imposition of religion is bad , and I know that it is bad because I do not like another person to force on me a religion that I do n’t want , then why did the Prophet eulogize Jihad and exhort his followers to kill unbelievers , take their booty , and distribute their women and children as spoils of war ?
If God tells me something is good , and I know that it is good because it feels good to me , then why did his prophet do the opposite of that thing ?
Disillusionment
When this guilt was lifted off my shoulders , dismay , disillusionment , or cynicism followed .
I felt sorry for having wasted so many years of my life , and for all the Muslims who are still trapped in these foolish beliefs , for all those who lost their lives in the name of these false doctrines , for all the women in virtually all the Islamic countries who suffer all sorts of abuses and oppression .s .
They do not even know they are being abused .
I thought of all the wars waged in the name of religion , so many people died for nothing .
Millions of believers left their homes and families to wage war in the name of God , never to return , thinking they are spreading faith in God .
They massacred millions of innocent people .
Civilizations were destroyed , libraries were burned , and so much knowledge was lost , for nothing .
I recalled my father waking up in the early hours of the morning and in the icy water of the winter performing voodoo .
I recalled him coming home hungry and thirsty during the month of fasting , and I thought of the billions of people who torture themselves in this way for nothing .
The realization that all that I believed were lies and all that I did was a waste of my life , and the fact that a billion other people are still lost in this arid desert of ignorance chasing a mirage that to them appears to be water was disappointing .
Prior to that God was always in the back of my mind .
I used to talk to him in my imagination and those conversations seemed me .
I thought God was watching and taking account of every good act that I did .
The feeling that someone was watching over me , guiding my steps and protecting me was very comforting .
It was difficult to accept that there is no such thing as Allah and even if there is a God , it is not Allah .
I did not give up the belief in God , but by then I knew for sure that if this universe has a maker , it cannot be the deity that Muhammad had envisioned .
Allah was ignorant to the core .
The Quran is full of errors .
No creator of this universe could be as stupid as the god of the Quran appeared to be .
Allah could not have existed anywhere else except in the mind of a sick Man .
I understood that he was but a figment of Muhammad ’s imagination and nothing more .
How disappointed I was when I realized all these years I had been praying to a fantasy .
Depression
This feeling of loss and disappointment was accompanied by a sense of sadness , or some kind of depression .
I felt like the ground I was standing on was no longer there and I was falling into a bottomless pit .
Without exaggerating , it felt like I was in hell .
It was as if my whole world had fallen apart .
I felt like the groundI was standing on was no longer there and I was falling into a bottomless pit .
Without exaggerating , it felt like I was in hell .
I was bewildered , pleading for help and no one could help .
I felt ashamed of my thoughts and hating myself for having such thoughts .
The guilt was accompanied by a profound sense of loss and depression .
As a rule , I am a positive thinker .
I see the good side of everything .
I always think tomorrow is going to be better than today .
I am not the kind of person who is easily depressed .
But this feeling of loss was overwhelming .
I still recall that weight in my heart .
I thought God has forsaken me and I did not know why .
“ Is that God ’s punishment ? ” I kept asking myself .
I do not remember hurting anyone ever .
I went out of my way to help anyone whose life crossed mine and asked me for help .
So , why did God want to punish me in this way ?
Why was He not answering my prayers ?
Why has He left me to myself and these thoughts I could find no answers to ?
Does he want to test me ?
Then where were the answers to my prayers ?
Would I pass this test if I became stupid and stopped using my brain ?
If so , why did he give me a brain ?
Would only dumb people pass the test of faith ?
I felt betrayed and violated .
I cannot say which feeling was predominant .
At times I was disillusioned , sad , or dismayed .
Even if faith is false , it is still sweet .
It is very comforting to believe .
Juxtaposing my feelings of sadness and loss , I felt liberated .
Curiously I no longer felt confused or guilty .
I knew for sure the Quran was a hoax and Muhammad was an impostor .
To overcome this sadness I tried to keep myself busy with other activities .
I even took dancing lessons and experienced what it means to be alive , to be free of guilt , to enjoy life and to just be normal .
I realized how much I had missed out on and how foolishly I deprived myself of the simple pleasures of life .
Of course denial is the way cults exert their control over thier believers .
I denied myself the simplest pleasures of life , was living in constant fear of God , and I thought this was normal .
I am talking of pleasures like sleeping in the morning , dancing , dating , or sipping a glass of fine wine .
Anger
At this time , I entered another stage of my spiritual journey to enlightenment .
I became angry .
Angry for having believed those lies for so many years , for wasting so many years of my life chasing a wild goose .
Angry at my culture for betraying me , for the wrong values it gave me , with my parents for teaching me a lie , with myself for not thinking before , for believing in lies , trusting an impostor , with God for letting me down , for not intervening and stopping the lies that were being disseminated in His name .
When I saw pictures of millions of Muslims who , with so much devotion , went to Saudi Arabia , many of them spending their life ’s savings to perform hajj , I became angry with the lies these people were brought up with .
When I read someone had converted to Islam , something Muslims love to advertise and make a big issue of I became saddened and angry .
I was sad for that poor soul and angry with the lies .
I was angry with the whole world that tries to protect this lie , defend it , and even abuse you if you raise your voice to try to tell them what you know .
It is not just Muslims , but even westerners who do not believe in Islam .
It ’s okay to criticize anything but Islam .
What amazed me and made me even angrier was the resistance I faced when I tried to tell others that Islam is not the truth .
Fortunately this anger did not last long .
I knew that Muhammad was no messenger of God but a charlatan , a demagogue whose only intention was to beguile people and satisfy his own narcissistic ambitions .
I knew all those childish stories of a hell with scorching fire and a heaven with rivers of wine , milk and honey .
orgies , were the figments of a sick , wild , insecure and bullying mind of a man in desperate need to dominate and affirm his own authority .
I realized I could not be angry with my parents ; for they did their best and taught me what they thought to be the best .
I could not be angry with my society or culture because my people were just as misinformed as my parents and myself .
Afer some thought , I realized everyone was a victim .
There are one billion or more victims .
Even those who have become victimizers are victims of Islam too .
How could I blame Muslims if they do not know what Islam stands for and honestly , though erroneously , believe that it is a religion of peace ?
Muhammad the narcissist
What about Muhammad ?
Should I be angry with him for lying , deceiving and misleading people ?
How could I be angry with a dead person ?
Muhammad was an emotionally sick man who was not in control of himself .
He grew up as an orphan in the care of five different foster parents before he reached the age of eight .
As soon as he became attached to someone , he was snatched away and given to someone else .
This must have been hard on him and was detrimental to his emotional health .
As a child , deprived of love and a sense of belonging , he grew with deep feelings of fear and lack of self - confidence .
He became a narcissist .
A narcissist is a person who has not received enough love in his childhood , who is incapable of loving , but instead craves attention , respect and recognition .
He sees his own worth in the way others view him .
Without that recognition he is nobody .
He becomes manipulative and a pathetic liar .
Narcissists are grandiose dreamers .
They want to conquer the world and dominate everyone .
Only in their megalomaniac reveries is their narcissism satisfied .
Some famous narcissists are Hitler , Mussolini , Stalin , Saddam Hussein , Idi Amin , Pol Pot and Mao. Narcissists are intelligent , yet emotional wrecks .
They are deeply disturbed people .
They set themselves extremely high goals .
Their goals always have to do with domination , power and respect .
They are nobody if they are neglected .
Narcissists often seek alibis to impose their control over their unwary victims .
For Hitler it was the party and race , for Mussolini it was fascism or the unity of the nation against others and for Muhammad it was religion .
These causes are just tools in their quest for power .
Instead of promoting themselves , the narcissists promote a cause , an ideology , or a religion while presenting themselves as the only authority and the representative of these causes .
Hitler did not call the Germans to love him as a person but to love and respect him because he was the Fuhrer .
Muhammad could not ask anyone to obey him .
But he could easily demand his followers to obey Allah and his messenger .
Of course Allah was Muhammad ’s own alter ego , so all the obedience was for him in the final account .
In this way he could wield control over everyone 's life by telling them he is the representative of God and what he says is what God has ordained .
Dr. Sam Vaknin , the author of “ Malignant Self Love - Narcissism Revisited ” explains : “ Everyone is a narcissist , to varying degrees .
Narcissism is a healthy phenomenon .
It helps survival .
The difference between healthy and pathological narcissism is , indeed , in measure .
Pathological narcissism and its extreme form , NPD ( Narcissistic Pathological Disorder ) , is characterized by extreme lack of empathy .
The narcissist regards and treats other people as objects to be exploited .
He uses them to obtain narcissistic supply .
He believes that he is entitled to special treatment because he harbours these grandiose fantasies about himself .
The narcissist is NOT self - aware .
His cognition and emotions are distorted . ”
The above perfectly describes Muhammad .
Muhammad was a ruthless man with no feelings .
When he decided the Jews were of no use to him , he stopped kowtowing to them and eliminated them all .
He massacred all the men of Bani Qurayza and banished or murdered every other Jew and Christian from Arabia .
Surely if God wanted to destroy these people he would not have needed the help of his messenger .
So I found there was no reason to be angry with an emotionally sick man who died a long time ago .
Muhammad was a victim himself of the stupid culture of his people , of the ignorance of his mother who , instead of keeping him during the first years of his life when he needed her love most , entrusted him to a Bedouin woman to raise him so she could find a new husband .
Muhammad was a man with profound emotional scars .
Dr. Vaknin writes that a narcissist " lies to himself and to others , projecting ‘ untouchability , ’ emotional immunity , and invincibility .
For a narcissist " everything is bigger than life .
If he is polite , then he is aggressively so .
His promises outlandish , his criticisms violent and ominous , his generosity inane . "
Is n't this the image the Prophet projected of himself ?
I could not criticize or blame the ignorant Arabs of the 7th century for not being able to discern that Muhammad was sick and not a prophet , that his outlandish promises , his impressive dreams of conquering and subduing the great nations when he was just a pauper , were caused by his pathological emotional complications and were not due to a divine power .
How could I blame those ignorant Arabs for falling prey to a man like Muhammad when only in the last century , millions of Germans fell prey to the charisma of another narcissist who just as Muhammad , made big promises , was as ruthless , as manipulative , and as ambitious as he was ?
After serious thought , I realized there is not a single person I could be angry with .
I realized we are all victims and victimizers at the same time .
The culprit is ignorance .
Because of our ignorance we believe in charlatans and their lies , allowing them to disseminate hate among us in the name of false deities , ideologies or religions .
This hate separates us from each other , and prevents us from seeing our oneness and understanding that we are all members of the human race , related to each other and interdependent .
It was then that my anger gave way to a profound feeling of empathy , compassion and love .
I made a promise to myself to fight this ignorance that divides the human race .
We paid , and are paying , dearly for our disunity .
This disunity is caused by ignorance and the ignorance is the result of false beliefs and pernicious ideologies that are concocted by emotionally unhealthy individuals for self - serving purposes .
Ideologies separate us .
Religions cause disunity , hate , fighting , killing , and antagonism .
As members of the human race , we need no ideology , cause , or religion to be united .
I realized that the purpose of life is not to believe but to doubt .
I realized that no one can teach us the truth because truth cannot be taught .
It can only be experienced .
In reality , no religion , philosophy or doctrine can teach you the truth .
Truth is in the love we have for our fellow human beings , in the laugher of a child , in friendship , in companionship , in the love of a parent and a child , and in our relationships with others .
Truth is not in ideologies .
The only thing that is real , is love .
Synthesis
The process of going from faith to enlightenment is an arduous and painful process .
Let us borrow a term from Sufism and call that the seven “ valleys ” of enlightenment .
Faith is the state of being confirmed in ignorance .
You will continue to stay in that state of blissful ignorance until you are shocked and forced out of it .
This shock is the first valley .
The natural first reaction to shock is denial .
Denial acts like a shield .
It buffers the pain and protects you from the agony of going out of your comfort zone .
The comfort zone is where we feel at ease , where we find everything familiar , where we do n't face new challenges or the unknown .
This is the second valley .
Growth does n’t take place in comfort zones .
In order to go forward and evolve we need to get out of our comfort zones .
We wo n't do that unless we are shocked .
It is also natural to buffer the pain of shock by denial .
At this moment we need another shock , and we may decide to shield ourselves again with another denial .
The more a person is exposed to facts and the more he is shocked , the more he tries to protect himself with more denials .
But denials do not eliminate the facts .
They just shield us momentarily .
When we are exposed to facts , at a certain point we will be unable to continue denying .
Suddenly we wo n’t be able to keep our defenses up and the wall of denials will come down .
We ca n’t keep hiding our heads in the sand prepetually .
Once doubt sets in , it will have a domino effect and we find ourselves hit from all directions by facts that up until now we avoided and denied .
Suddenly all those absurdities that we accepted and even defended , are no longer logical and we reject them .
We are then driven into the painful stage of confusion and that is the third valley .
The old beliefs seem unreasonable , foolish and unacceptable , yet we have nothing to cling to .
This valley , I believe , is the most dreadful stage in the passage from faith to enlightenment .
In this valley we lose our faith without having found the enlightenment .
We are basically standing in nowhere .
We experience a free fall .
We ask for help but all we get is a rehashing of some nonsense clichés .
It seems that those who try to help us are lost themselves , yet they are so convinced .
They believe in what they do n't know .
The arguments they present are not logical at all .
They expect us to believe without questioning .
They bring the example of the faith of others .
But the intensity of the faith of other people does not prove the truth of what they believe in .
This confusion eventually gives way to the fourth valley , guilt .
You feel guilty for thinking .
You feel guilty for doubting , for questioning , for not understanding .
You feel naked , and ashamed of your thoughts .
You think it is your fault if the absurdities mentioned in your holy books make no sense to you .
You think that God has abandoned you or that he is testing your faith .
In this valley you are torn apart by your emotions and your intellect .
Emotions are not rational , but they are extremely powerful .
You want to go back to the paradise of ignorance , you desperately want to believe but you simply can't .
You have committed the sin of thinking .
You have eaten the forbidden fruit from the tree of knowledge .
You have angered the god of your imaginations .
Finally you decide there is no need to feel guilty for the understanding .
That guilt does not belong to you .
You feel liberated but at the same time dismayed for all those lies that kept you in ignorance and the time wasted .
This is the valley of disillusionment .
At the same time you are overtaken by sadness .
You feel liberated ; yet like coming out of prison after spending a lifetime there , you are overtaken by deep sense of depression .
You feel lonely and despite your freedom , you miss something .
You ponder the time lost .
You think of the many people who believe (d ) in this nonsense and foolishly sacrifice ( d ) everything for it , including their lives .
The pages of history are written with the blood of people who were killed in the name of Yahweh , Allah or other gods .
All for nothing !
All for a lie !
Thereupon you enter the sixth valley , of anger .
You become angry at yourself , and at everything else .
You realize how much of your precious life you lost believing in so many lies .
But then you realize you are the lucky one for having made it this far and that there are billions of others who are still trying to shield themselves with denials and not venture out of their comfort zone .
They are still wading in the quagmire of the first valley .
At this stage , when you are completely free from faith , guilt and anger , you are ready to understand the ultimate truth and unravel the mysteries of life .
You are filled with empathy and compassion .
You are ready to be enlightened .
The enlightenment comes when you realize that the truth is in love and in our relationship with our fellow human beings and not in a religion or a cult .
You realize that Truth is a pathless land .
No prophet or guru can take you there .
You are there already .
In this odyssey you are not alone .
You have a nagging companion who will not leave you .
He will try to hinder your advancement and stop you from going forwards .
He is your fear : the fear of punishment , of hell , of after death .
It is completely irrational , yet it controls you and acts on your subconscious mind every step of the way .
The passage from faith to enlightenment is arduous and you will not be able to take the first step if you can not get rid of your fears .
You will only get rid of them completely when you arrive at your destiny and you are enlightened .
Then you break the chain of fear and acquire wings of enlightenment .
This is the true liberation .
25 June 2001
NOTICE : We care and are taking very seriously this COVID - 19 uncertainty crisis and we have implemented all the security measures for our clients and employees in our office to continue operating regularly until further notice .
You deserve all of your Casino winnings
When you collect your US gambling winnings , imagine the surprise at having a 30 % casino tax deducted from your money !
Yes , in the United States , gambling winnings are considered taxable income and are taxed at 30 % .
This is generally a surprise to foreign gamblers , as in their home country these casino winnings are not taxed at all .
But do n't worry , Casino Tax Rebate® can help you recover this 30 % withholding .
How It Works
The IRS requires that casinos and other gambling establishments withhold 30 % from the winnings of International visitors .
However , due to the U.S. Canada Tax Treaty , Canadians can offset gambling losses against the winnings reported on form 1042 - S. and get some or all of the gambling tax back !
Non U.S. citizens that are residents of certain other countries may also qualify for a casino tax refund of the 30 % withholding on their casino winnings .
Read More on Tax Recovery
We pride ourselves on our customer service and you can be rest assured we will take all the time necessary to get your money back .
Hey , Did You Guys Move ?
Your Wi-Fi is n’t working i hope it ’s , umm your ok .
Hey , Did You Guys Move ?
Your Wi-Fi is n’t working i hope it ’s , umm your ok .
The Surgeon General serves as America ’s chief health educator by providing Americans the best scientific information available on how to improve their health and reduce the risk of illness and injury .
—
Office of the Surgeon General website
The Nation ’s new Surgeon General appears to have been selected .
He has been told that wellness , fitness and obesity will be the top priorities for the next four years , according to CNN .
Nothing better illustrates the wisdom of politicians making healthcare decisions on our behalf than this appointment .
The Wall Street Journal blog downplayed the significance of this appointment , saying the Surgeon General is “ largely a talking head ” whose real job is to travel around the country , “ using the title as a bully pulpit to advance a public health agenda . ”
If the writer was mocking the credibility of the office and the public health agenda , it was lost on most WSJ readers .
So was , it seems , the science .
But among all the commentary , no one has mentioned the science …
The Job Description
Among the Surgeon General ’s duties as they ’re currently defined , he protects and advances the health of the nation through education and advocacy .
More importantly , according to the government ’s job description , he is to : “ Articulate scientifically based health policy analysis and advice to the President and the Secretary of Health and Human Services on the full range of critical public health , medical and health system issues facing the Nation . ”
He not only serves on numerous federal boards and governing bodies that establish public health policies , he also advances the priorities for research .
The Surgeon General also oversees the Commissioned Corps of the U.S. Public Health Service , one of the federal government ’s seven uniformed services [ which explains the uniform ] .
We must n’t overlook that the Surgeon General may be given a larger role in the upcoming administration , as a new health corps is being envisioned that will enlist nurses and other healthcare professionals , retired and active , in national service to spread the “ preventive health message ” of the Surgeon General .
Health corps workers will spread out in community - based efforts focused on making sure citizens eat and follow the requisite healthy lifestyle and preventive wellness screenings , medications and weight loss recommended by the Surgeon General .
The Surgeon General serves as role model , to “ elevate the quality of public health practice in the professional disciplines . "
With this job description in mind , neurosurgeon Dr. Sanjay Gupta , M.D. , was chosen .
Dr. Gupta ’s wellness and preventive health resume
The movement to reform our healthcare system , led by the integrative medicine movement using the motto “ Wellness care , not disease care , ” appears to have made inroads .
This maxim follows the belief that most chronic diseases of aging are preventable and caused by bad foods and lifestyles .
Under this public health modality * , preventive wellness should be prioritized over medical care .
Wellness sounds so good , wholesome and harmless .
Who does n’t want to believe that by eating and living right , we can attain optimal wellness and prevent all of the diseases of aging … and even live to be a 100 ?
In this , Dr. Gupta is renowned .
He revealed the secrets of living to 100 in his anti-aging book , Chasing Life — New Discoveries in the Search for Immortality to Help You Age Less Today .
His quest for immortality led him to seek answers for not only slowing down the aging process , but actually reversing it .
As Life Extension Magazine reported , his book covers everything from cryonics , genomics and neutraceuticals , resveratrol and hormone supplements in his search for biological immortality .
“ I think in the next couple of decades , we ’re going to get to a point of practical immortality , ” Dr. Gupta told readers .
He also promotes mind - body healing .
The role of attitude and optimism has a role in living longer , he said .
He follows the Japanese ikigai , where one meditates and focuses on your purpose on this earth every morning .
As covered earlier , in Chasing Life he promises we can add 30 years to our lives by following his simple prescriptions .
Dr. Gupta says we can add 2 years to our lives just by eating almonds and another 3 years eating fish !
Cut fast food , he says , to add 4 years ( the fat , cholesterol and the pounds are just bad ) and another 6 months by cutting caffeine .
And “ always be a little hungry . ”
Daily flossing adds another year to our lifespan , he promises .
Dr. Gupta ’s book joins the $ 50 Billion a year anti-aging and ‘ wellness ’ industry .
The American Academy of Anti-aging Medicine conventions are filled with booths advertising vitamins , hormones and pharmaceutical drugs , oxygenating and detoxifying and other modalities promising optimal wellness and enhanced energy , according to the New York Times .
As covered here in depth , anti-aging and preventive wellness is not recognized by mainstream medicine as a legitimate field and it is n’t scientifically - based , explained Dr. Robert N. Butler , M.D. , a gerontologist and founder of the International Longevity Center .
BCC Research , a market research company in Wellesley , Massachusetts , expects this industry to reach $ 71 billion this year .
Those may be underestimates now that Dr. Gupta has been selected for the new Surgeon General to promote the new administration ’s “ wellness not disease care ” agenda under the newly appointed Secretary of Health and Human Services , Tom Daschle .
Besides his “ revolutionary way of thinking about aging ” in his book promoted through CNN , Dr. Gupta has been CNN ’s medical correspondent and featured on its “ New Your Resolution ” and “ Fit Nation ” health specials and his weekend show , “ House Call with Dr. Sanjay Gupta . ”
He ’s also a fitness columnist for Time Magazine , and contributor to CBS health segments .
According to the WSJ , he was a logical pick as a TV talking head .
But he also has a visible role as a public speaker , available for a $ 35,000 - $ 50,000 fee ( travel costs from Georgia are extra ) .
Through his public speaking , we ’ve learned more about what we can anticipate as the nation ’s health educator .
One of his keynote talks is “ Obesity in America , ” which was part of his “ Fit Nation ” tour of the country .
It focuses on childhood obesity .
The biggest threat to the nation , he says , is the epidemic of childhood obesity and now type 2 diabetes among kids which is a “ direct reflection of the childhood obesity problem . ”
In stressing the imperative of addressing child obesity through school nutrition and community interventions , to university students in Michigan and LE Magazine , he repeated the popular myth that kids today may be the first generation to live shorter lives than their parents .
“ I think that society as a whole has to make a real commitment to solving this [ obesity ] problem , ” he told LE Magazine .
In Time Magazine , Dr. Gupta wrote that doctors have to tell patients they are obese and need to lose weight .
“ Show a little courage and say what needs to be said — even if it hurts a bit , ” he said .
As the Business & Media Institute reported , he supports widespread government interventions , including fat taxes on behalf of the war on obesity , a tax on sodas and zoning laws to ban new fast food restaurants .
His other lessons for living a longer , healthier life , include unorthodox ideas on “ healthy ” eating and weight management .
These include : eat seven colors a day , along with vitamins and fish oil ; stay away from fatty meats and processed sugar ; focus on water - dense produce and drink water before eating other foods to fill you up so you ’ll eat less ; eat slow and eat 20 % less so you ’re always a little hungry ; drink antioxidant - rich green tea for benefits that include lowering cholesterol , improving bone density , anti-inflammatory , and anti-cancer benefits [ the FDA has found no credible scientific evidence for such claims ] ; and amp up your exercise because there ’s no reason you ca n’t do what you did 20 years younger .
As Dr. Gupta has told reporters , he wants to test every American for heart disease , stroke and cancer — which will require the will of the federal government , insurance companies and the public — and put everyone on a prevention track .
He supports calcium scores and CT angiograms and medications so , he said , no one ever need have a heart attack , stroke or cancer again .
It is hard to know which is more frightening : that the government — which will decide what medical care we can receive , what clinical guidelines our doctors must follow , what research is funded , and where limited healthcare resources will be spent — selected this doctor to represent the best scientific information available on health .
Or , that only one in ten consumers polled at WSJ saw a problem with this selection .
Perhaps , we should be encouraged by the fact that 18.5 % would have preferred Dr. Gregory House , M.D. :-)
© 2009 Sandy Szwarc
Kendi altyapısına ve müşteri memnuniyetine önem veren Tempobet70 , sıklıkla güncellemelere giderek kullan ıcılarına her zaman en yeni uygulamay ı sunmak için var gücü ile çalış ıyor .
Aynı zamanda güncellemenin dışında sürekli olarak denetimden geçen Tempobet70 , bu sayede yasalara uygun davranmaya devam ediyor .
pek çok ülkede olduğu gibi
Türkiye ’de de hizmet veren Tempobet70 , tüm ülkelerde verdiği hizmetin aynı çizgide olmasına çok önem veriyor .
Her ülkenin yasaları birbirinden farklıdır .
Bu neden ile her ülkede aynı hizmeti vermek için birden çok sunucuya ihtiyaç vardır .
Bu neden ile de birden fazla sunucuya sahip olan Tempobet70 , müşterilerinin daha kolay erişim sağlaması için tempobet70 Mobile uygulamasından yardım almaktadır .
Bu uygulamalar sayesinde sizde Tempobet70 sitesine 7 gün 24 saat erişim …
Kim Petras :
The world ’s youngest transsexual
A 16 - year - old German pop star , who has wanted to be a girl since she was two years old , had a sex - change procedure — becoming the world ’s youngest transsexual !
Kim Petras , born Tim , is famous in Germany for having started hormone replacement therapy as part of her gender transition by the age of 12 .
In November , she completed Gender Reassignment Surgery .
The surgical procedure was approved after psychologists confirmed that Kim was undeniably – a girl trapped in a boy ’s body .
“ Kim is such a case – she always knew what she wanted , ” Dr. Bernd Meyenburg said .
The costs of her operation were covered by health insurance as her condition was officially diagnosed as an illness .
Kim said : “ I was asked if I feel like a woman now – but the truth is I have always felt like a woman – I just ended up in the wrong body . ”
“ I can enjoy swimming , and bikinis , go in the changing rooms without a problem , everything has changed because of this operation .
I just ca n’t wait to put on my favorite bathing suit and go swimming like I ’ve never done before . ”
Last year Kim was signed to Joyce Records and released online her first single “ Last Forever ” .
“ I am very proud of what she has achieved , how she has managed to get there and how she sticks to her dreams no matter how hard and painful they are to follow , ” her father Lutz said .
Take a look at her video .
Light graffiti is uniquely ephemeral and inextricably intertwined with the art of photography , sometimes even invisible to the naked eye and apparent only when captured on film .
It is impermanent and its manifestations range from comical to sublime .
The work of these twenty light graffiti artists spans the spectrum from humorously playful to deeply moving with everything in between .
The artists themselves , though their traces are seen in every shot , are rarely visible in the finished work .
Sometimes they or other people feature in the work but mostly what can be seen is the after - effect of their creations , a time - lapse snapshot that condenses space and time into a single beautiful moment .
Each thumbnail below will connect you to additional amazing images , inside information and further links about each artist and their work .
Click below to learn more :
Search engine giant Yahoo has formally launched an updated version of Flickr optimized for mobile phones and with special formatting friendly to the iPhone , including a newfound ability to watch streaming videos .
The revamped edition of Flickr mobile is ostensibly built for all smartphones with capable web browsers , such as any Firefox , Opera or WebKit variant , but is particularly aware of Apple 's touchscreen devices .
The web interface includes new finger - sized links for different categories and for browsing the contents of individual photostreams , including the ability to add new contacts , favorite images , and browse comments .
But while these features have been available in rough form since a beta first surfaced in October , all users now have access to playing the short videos that users can upload to the online photo service .
The implementation uses Yahoo's Video Platform and is independent of any one format , operating system , or resolution : in most cases , a device will play the video as long as the format itself is recognized in software .
i Phone and iPod users only have to tap the video's preview frame to launch the video in Apple 's default video interface .
Editor 's note : Dr. Thomas H. Murray is chief executive of The Hastings Center , a nonprofit research institute on bioethics in Garrison , New York .
Murray was formerly director of the Center for Biomedical Ethics at Case Western Reserve University and president of the Society for Health and Human Values .
Thomas Murray says doctors have responsibility for welfare of children conceived through IVF procedure .
GARRISON , New York ( CNN ) --
The birth of octuplets to a California woman last week raised a boatload of issues that can distract us from the central ethical question posed by the case :
How do we take children 's well - being into account in reproductive medicine ?
Yes , it 's puzzling why an unemployed single woman who already had six children wanted a passel more .
And it is not crazy to wonder who will pay for these children 's needs over the years , beginning with what is sure to be a gobsmacking bill for neonatal intensive care .
For now , we can put aside the lifeboat problem : A human uterus is not built for eight passengers ; the odds for each child to be born alive and healthy go down as the number in the lifeboat goes up .
Her physicians offered to reduce the number of fetuses she was carrying ; citing her moral convictions , she declined .
As of the last reports , all eight survived .
Still , knowing what we do about the many risks that come with being born too soon and too small , their medical course is likely to be complex and unsteady .
What this case really does is split wide open a fault line running through infertility treatment in American medicine .
People who show up at fertility clinics are adults .
In the typical case , they 've been trying to get pregnant for a year or more without success .
When all goes well , a cycle of IVF ( in - vitro fertilization ) results in a pregnancy and the birth of one , perhaps two , healthy babies .
As a son , a father , and now a grandfather , I can attest that there is no more important or enduring relationship in our lives than the one between parents and children .
Whether that relationship is forged through infertility medicine , adoption or the old - fashioned way matters not at all :
What counts is that adults who want to love and raise a child are matched with a child who needs just that love and care .
The point of infertility treatment , after all , is to create a child .
But that child - to - be is not the clinic 's patient -- the would - be parents are .
I believe that the interests of those children deserve at least as much consideration as the wishes of the prospective parents .
The vast majority of infertility patients are no doubt fierce advocates for the well - being of the child they so earnestly seek to bring into their lives .
What happens , though , when the client 's request shows little consideration or regard for the welfare of the would - be children ?
What happens if a woman in her early 30s with six children wants eight embryos implanted all at once ?
A responsible physician could turn down such a request , citing professional guidelines that counsel implanting one , at most two , embryos in women younger than 35 .
How Nadya Suleman ended up with eight is a mystery .
That 's what Nadya Suleman is claiming .
Perhaps there is a physician somewhere willing to defy the wisdom of his or her peers ; perhaps Suleman used fertility drugs rather than IVF as she claimed .
Whatever the case , this guideline is based on safety .
Carrying more than a couple of fetuses is dangerous to the pregnant woman and to the health and survival of the fetuses in her womb .
Citing safety is a prudent way to turn down requests an infertility physician thinks are ill - considered .
But sometimes that gambit is n't available .
A psychiatrist friend who conducted intake interviews for a well - respected clinic described a rough - looking couple who carried for their up - front payment thousands of dollars in cash stuffed in a bag -- drug money , she was certain .
She was able to discourage the couple from following through on their plan .
Here 's the rub :
Her concern was the ultimate well - being of the child that the clinic was being asked to help create .
But the ideology of American infertility medicine allows physicians to escape from making any judgments about the suitability of prospective parents .
There is understandable worry that cracking the door to considerations about parents ' motives and capacities would blast it wide open for nasty , petty stereotypes and prejudices .
That would be an awful result .
The American Society for Reproductive Medicine acknowledged in a 2004 report that fertility programs may withhold services when they can provide " well - substantiated judgments " that the child will not receive adequate care .
But that same report has a huge loophole .
Providers can abdicate almost all responsibility to anticipate the welfare of the children they help create by claiming " an obligation to treat all patients who would benefit from medical treatment . "
The statement goes on to say that " except when significant harm to a future child is likely , " they " should not be required to make assessments of a patient 's child - rearing abilities or other child welfare issues . "
It 's time for the profession -- and business -- of reproductive medicine to accept their firm , inescapable ethical obligation to give the interests and well - being of the children they help to create the same consideration they give to the desires of the adults they serve .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas Murray .
All About In Vitro Fertilization • Medical Ethics • Child Development
Det finns flera sätt att fira Alla hjärtans dag på .
Här kommer tipsen för både singeln och det mer äventyrliga paret .
Alla hjärtans dag
Alla hjärtans dag är en dag som ger känslor : romantik , kärlek , glädje eller en påminnelse om ensamhet .
Oavsett vilken personlighet som du har eller vilken livssituation som du lever i just nu , så kan du göra Alla hjärtans dag till något speciellt .
Om du lever i en relation kan du börja med att köpa något sött , roligt eller romantiskt Alla hjärtans dag present till din pojkvän / flickvän – du hittar ett stort utbud hos Partykungen.se .
Det äventyrliga paret
Man måste inte sitta på en fin restaurang eller ha lagat en trerätters för att fira Alla hjärtans dag .
Det bästa sättet att fira är att skapa något oförglömligt och roligt av dagen – särskilt om du och din partner tycker om äventyr .
Äventyr tar ofta mer tid än middag och därför kan det vara klokt att förlägga firandet på en helg eller skjuta upp det till sommaren .
Det finns mycket äventyrligt som du kan överraska din partner med och det är alltid roligt att göra något nytt : testa en klättervägg , hoppa tandemfallskärm ( tillsammans med någon som kan hopp , såklart ! ) eller gå ut i skogen och grilla korv .
Det romantiska paret
Om din partner tycker om traditioner , romantik eller helt enkelt vill göra det enkelt för sig , så är det bäst att bara satsa på middag på en restaurang eller i hemmet .
Om du vill göra något mer av dagen kan du välja en restaurang som ni aldrig besökt förut eller ett ställe där ni kan dansa eller lyssna på levande musik .
Se till att boka bord i förväg , då det är en populär dag .
Ett billigare alternativ är att gå till en delikatessbutik eller charken på din lokala mataffär och skapa en egenkomponerad trerätters middag .
Du kan sedan skapa en mysig och romantisk atmosfär med tända ljus , mjuk jazz i bakgrunden och en vackert dukat bord .
Det lata paret
Om vare sig du eller din partner är så mycket för Alla hjärtans dag så kan ni ändå göra något som påminner er om er kärlek till varandra just den dagen .
Ett tips är att köpa något gott att äta till efterrätt eller vara riktigt lata och äta köpepizza den dagen – även om det är mitt i veckan .
Ett annat tips är att skicka rara eller roliga sms och bilder under dagen .
Singeln
Många gånger märks
Alla hjärtans dag mer i en singelns liv än för ett par .
Om du tycker att Alla hjärtan dag känns jobbig , kan du och andra singlar – av båda könen – skapa en Alla hjärtans dag - fest – för singlar .
Garanterat uppskattat !
Men tänk på att bara bjuda personer som kan vilja tänkas bli bjudna och kategoriserade som “ singel ” .
Vissa kan tycka att det känns jobbigare att behöva gå på en singelfest än att bara ha en skön hemmakväll .
The CEO takes out a fullpage ad in the Wall Street Journal today to thank the American Public for “ investing ” in Chrysler .
Lets see , is there anything more idiotic than spending more than 100k dollars on a full page ad “ thanks for letting me waste your money ” ad ?
Does it make it worse …
But the threats against him forced him to write his open letter .
" A friend has told me that the ' higher - ups ' [ believe the Charter to be ] ... a movement of domestic and overseas hostile forces to collude with each other and plot to overthrow the Chinese government , " he wrote .
Contrary to some of the ill - informed articles you might have read lately , almost every newspaper company still needs to print newspapers if it wants to stay in business .
Although the idea of paperless newspapers ricochets around the blogs with some regularity , fans of the concept recklessly disregard the economic realities of the publishing business as it exists today .
So , we ’re going to do a little math in a moment to prove : A . Why it would be suicidal for any reasonably profitable publisher to stop its presses in perpetuity .
B.
Why a paper going to digital - only publication would have to eliminate roughly half of its editorial staff to achieve even a modest profit on that operation .
Notwithstanding the above realities , this is not to say that publishing wo n’t , or should n’t , migrate to all - digital media in the future .
Before that happens , however , the economics of the business would have to change far more radically than they have to date .
Because newspapers on average derive approximately 90 % of their sales from print advertising , the only ink - on - paper newspapers that can afford to attempt digital - only publishing are the ones that are irreversibly losing money .
Moving to digital publishing is the last , best hope to salvage at least some value from their waning franchises .
But those web - only franchises would produce far less cash than their print predecessors , reducing the value of those businesses by several magnitudes .
How much less ?
A conventional newspaper moving to online - only publishing might produce at best 10 % of the cash generated by its print - plus - online predecessor .
This would be catastrophic for any of the newspaper companies that operate today on the premise of selling both print and interactive advertising .
This is especially true for the many publishers that borrowed billions in recent years to finance acquisitions that for the most part haven not produced sufficient profits to service the loans .
While all - digital publishing might represent a last - ditch effort for some money - losing newspapers , it might not even be a solution for the Rocky Mountain News , Seattle Post - Intelligencer or Tucson Citizen , whose respective owners plan to shut them if they ca n’t sell them .
The reason is that each of these papers is a participant in a joint - operating agreement , where a third - party agency sells the ads that appear in them .
If any of the three papers elected to become free - standing digital publications , their owners most likely would have to invest in establishing new ad - sales and administrative staffs – investments they might not be willing to undertake in this inhospitable economic climate .
The latest buzz over paperless newspapers was triggered by a widely noted post a few weeks ago by Buzzmeister Jeff Jarvis , who reported that the Los Angeles Times makes enough money from its website to cover the salaries of the 660 journalists on its payroll ( the staff is soon to be cut t0 590 ) .
“ Imagine if the Times turned off its presses tomorrow , ” said Jeff .
“ I see hope : the possibility that online revenue could support digital journalism for a city .
The enterprise will be smaller , but it could well be more profitable than its print forebears today and – here 's the real news – it would grow from there .
Imagine that : news as growth .
” It is reasonable to conclude that some communities could be left before long with digital - only news coverage , if the business of dead - tree publishing continues to shrivel amid shrinking ad revenues and inescapably high operating costs .
But we are a long way from seeing a publisher make the proactive decision to pull the plug on a profitable print - on - paper operation .
That ’s because pulling the plug is not a decision a rational publisher can afford to make .
To prove the point , let ’s take a closer look the case of the Los Angeles Times , where editor Russ Stanton confirms that revenues from the website indeed cover the salaries of 660 journalists .
Though Russ wo n’t go into the details of his newspaper ’s finances , it is a fair guess that the average salary in his newsroom is $ 100,000 per year ( while that seems like a lot , a hundred grand does n’t go as far in L.A. as it would in St. Louis ) .
At an average of $ 100 k per employee , the newspaper ’s online revenues would be about $ 72 million per year .
Because newspapers on average generate 10 % of their annual sales from the web , it is a fair guess that the print sales of the L.A .
Times are about $ 650 million , making for total annual revenues of $ 722 million .
Assuming the paper were producing an operating profit of 10 % of its sales ( the average reported by the publishing division of its parent , the Tribune Co. ) , then the annual earnings of the Times before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) would be about $ 72 million .
That means the newspaper would be providing $ 72 million a year to help service the $ 12 billion - plus debt incurred by Sam Zell when he bought the company in 2007 .
( Tribune is n’t paying down its debt at the moment because it ’s in bankruptcy , but neither the federal court supervising the case nor the bondholders want to see its cash flow go down . )
If the L.A . Times stopped publishing the print newspaper , 90 % of its ad revenues would go away and something like $ 65 million of its cash flow would disappear .
You can see how that would play havoc , to say the least , with Tribune ’s ability to recover from bankruptcy .
But wait , you say , would n’t a web - only operation be more profitable than a combo operation ?
Not necessarily .
The $ 72 million in sales at the L.A .
Times website covers only the salaries of the newsroom employees .
It does not cover such things as medical benefits , the employer ’s share of payroll taxes , workers comp , pension contributions , insurance , office rent , equipment leases , utilities , telecommunications expenses , web hosting , office supplies , travel and lunches with sources .
The fully loaded cost of the newsroom is probably $ 18 million more than $ 72 million , or 25 % greater than the site ’s sales .
It takes more than a crackerjack newsroom to generate $ 72 million in sales .
The digital operation would have to employ people to sell , create , schedule and bill for advertising .
It also would need accounting , human resources and other administrative staff .
The salary , benefits and overhead for that group would amount to about $ 11 million , or 15 % more than the site ’s $ 72 million in sales .
Thus , the fully loaded expenses of the digital - only L.A.
Times would be 140 % greater than its sales .
The only way a publisher could generate a profit on this operation would be by – you guessed it – cutting the newsroom .
To pull a 20 % profit out of an all - digital L.A.
Times , the editorial staff would have to cut by roughly 48 % .
If half of the newspaper staff had been engaged in the production of the print product , then the cutback presumably would have minimal impact the paper ’s coverage ( though it would be a miserable outcome for the talented and dedicated people whose positions were eliminated ) .
If it takes a lot more people than half the news staff to deliver the coverage for which the newspaper is renowned , then a digital - only strategy would not sustain journalism as we know it at the L.A. Times .
With $ 72 million in annual sales , it ought to be possible to make money with a local news website .
But there are powerful reasons to question whether a free - standing website indeed would be nearly as successful as one associated with a print newspaper .
That ’s the subject of the next installment .
So you wo n’t miss the next installment , sign up for the email alert or RSS feed in the right rail .
Your privacy will be protected and the email address will not be used for any other purpose .
January 2 , 2009
Protecting Kids From An Education
The problem is , the guy who wanted to pay for it , for inner-city kids , is white , and his plan would eliminate the stranglehold the teacher 's union has on the schools ( the severely failing Detroit Public Schools ) .
Nolan Finley writes in The Detroit News :
With the Detroit Public Schools near disintegration , it ought to be noted that it 's been five years since Plymouth philanthropist Bob Thompson was told to take his $ 200 million and get back to the suburbs .
Thompson , a retired road builder obsessed with spending his fortune to get urban children a high - quality education , ran into a political buzz saw when he offered to open 15 charter high schools in the city that would guarantee to graduate 90 percent of their students and send 90 percent of those graduates on to college .
Community activists denounced Thompson as a white meddler out to steal their children .
They were joined in their absurdity by Gov. Jennifer Granholm and Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick , who threw their lot in with the teacher union .
The rejection of Thompson 's millions became a national story of a city so seized by racial divisions it could n't set them aside even to save its children .
So instead of a network of alternative schools that would have rescued roughly 5,000 students from the sinking DPS , look what Detroit has today : A school district that fails to graduate 70 percent of its students ; a school board that 's fired two superintendents and an interim superintendent in four years ; 18 of its 19 high schools on the failure list ; and a fiscal meltdown .
Five years after Thompson was given the boot , Detroit is officially the worst big city school district in the nation and still sends more children to welfare and prison than it does to college .
Think about how different things might have been .
Had the Thompson schools been built , they would be preparing to graduate their first class in the spring .
Two thousand Detroit seniors would be making college plans .
And Detroit 's fast - fleeing middle class would have a reason to stay .
Yet no one has dialed up Thompson to apologize , to say they were wrong , to beg him for a second chance .
In fact , the governor and Democratic lawmakers are stubbornly blocking other Bob Thompsons from saving Detroit 's children .
Idiotically , Michigan governor Granholm is refusing to lift a cap on charter schools .
And the teacher 's union was , apparently , a big part of keeping him out .
Here , from 2005 :
Thompson , of Plymouth , Mich. , originally offered the money in 2003 , but was rebuffed by the Detroit Federation of Teachers and others .
Despite passage of a new state law that year allowing for the creation of up to 15 new charter high schools in Detroit , none were built .
The Detroit Federation of Teachers held a rally in Lansing , which was followed by Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick and Gov. Jennifer Granholm deciding to withdraw support for Thompson .
The incident shed a negative light on Detroit both statewide and nationally .
Time magazine columnist Joe Klein said the DFT " led a furious , and scurrilous , campaign against ( Thompson 's ) generosity . "
The Metro Times , a weekly paper , said Thompson 's offer was " amazingly generous , " especially " in a city where the schools , like the government , are a stunning failure . " ... The Detroit Federation of Teachers , however , remains staunchly opposed to the plan .
" We believe Mr. Thompson earnestly wants to make a positive difference in the lives of the children in Detroit , " Janna Garrison , DFT president , told Michigan Education Report .
" But we think he 's going about it the wrong way . "
Of course you do .
Because he 's exposing and will continue to expose how teachers ' unions ruin it for the kids they 're supposed to be educating .
If teachers truly cared about educating the kids , they 'd weep with gratitude for Thompson and his money .
Greed and the promotion of failure in the service of it are especially ugly where kids ' welfare is concerned .
Here 's another story , from The Weekly Standard , by Henry Payne :
For thirty years , Detroit has been hemorrhaging population as a result of high crime , high taxes , soaring insurance rates -- and a crumbling system of public education , which has left Detroit 's adult population with a staggering rate of functional illiteracy ( 47 percent , according to the federal government 's National Center for Education Statistics ) .
This leaves a shallow employment pool for any enterprise looking to locate in the city .
Seeking educational alternatives , state Republicans -- against fierce opposition from teacher unions and Democrats -- succeeded in passing legislation in the 1990s authorizing charter schools .
These public schools are governed independently of local school boards ; each is sponsored by a city or a university , and most are nonunion and have a distinctive educational approach .
Since then , 39 charter schools have opened in Detroit , yet the number of Detroit families on charter waiting lists is estimated in the thousands .
Moreover , most charter schools serve grades K through 6 ( elementary schools are the cheapest to build ) , which leaves a crying demand for high schools .
In 2002 , Republican governor John Engler answered parents ' pleas for aid with a push to bring 15 more charters to Detroit .
Enter Robert Thompson .
A Michigan farm boy who later taught school in Detroit , Thompson went on to found the state 's biggest asphalt paving company , working out of the Detroit suburb of Plymouth .
When he sold his company in 1999 for $ 461 million , he and his wife , Ellen , created the Thompson Foundation , dedicated to helping Detroit 's poor .
They first funded University Preparatory Academy , a successful K - 12 charter school with a 90/90 system that is the model for the high schools Thompson now wants to build .
Thompson credits his own success to the education he received , and he is determined to give Detroit 's poor the same opportunities .
" The only way to get those kids out of there is through education , " says the soft - spoken Thompson .
IN DETROIT , officials reacted to Thompson 's proffered $ 200 million not with gratitude but with rage .
The Michigan Federation of Teachers urged a walkout , declaring a school holiday so that union members could march on the state capitol in protest of charter schools .
State Democrats cowered before the union , while Detroit 's politicians bristled at a white suburbanite 's " meddling " in the city 's affairs .
Detroit mayor Kwame Kilpatrick -- whose own children attended a charter school -- responded to Thompson 's offer by saying , with a dismissive wave of the hand , " Let us make the rules , and if he can't abide by the rules . . . " Says Thompson , " We thought if we tried to do good things , people would appreciate it .
I guess we were naive . "
You have to laugh at the Kwame quote .
Kwame 's now abiding by the warden 's rules , after failing to abide by society's .
*
Top 10 : Modern Fetish Models
Ever since Bettie Page became an iconic sex symbol back in the 1950s , men have been fascinated with fetish models .
It likely has something to do with the unique combination of the ladylike femininity and the unapologetic sexuality that ’s captured in fetish model photography .
Modern fetish models typically wear extremely or highly stylized clothing to accentuate the female body .
So , whether they 're wearing an impossibly skimpy bikini , a leather corset or a latex catsuit , modern fetish models invariably draw our attention to the beauty of the female form .
Modern fetish models also tap into some of our most taboo desires and fantasies .
At the same time , however , they remind us that sex can be fun , and that physical desire is a part of our nature and something to be celebrated and explored , not repressed or denied .
Our list of the top 10 modern fetish models examines some of the hottest and most influential fetish models in recent history .
Just like some fantasy models , these women take us just beyond our comfort zones , and we 're happy to follow .
A collection of rants and writings from a 15 year old male .
Did you see this shootout goal from Toronto 's Jason Blake ?
Awesome , right ?
If you like cheating jerks !
Ok , technically , using this spin - o - rama move on a penalty / shootout shot is not illegal — because it explicitly says so in the rule book .
( Seriously , the NHL rule book contains the word " spin-o- rama . " Amazing . )
So it 's fair ... but is it nice ?
The Devils ' Bobby Holik does n't think so .
" I know it 's legal , but it 's so un-hockey , " he said .
" I think it 's B.S.
There was so much back - tracking you could do pretty much anything .
I know the league loves it because it 's exciting , but the puck should always be moving forward .
Advertisement
He 's not the only one who feels the move violates the spirit , if not the letter of the law .
The book says the puck ( and by implication , the player ) should always be moving forward .
But Stephen Walkom , the N.H.L. ’s director of officiating , says if you could do it on a breakway , you should be able to do it on a penalty shot .
There 's being creative , and then there 's playing the game the " right " way .
These are the kind of debates that tear nations apart .
Or maybe if offensive guys can pull a whirling dervish , then maybe goalies should be pull out any trick they like .
After all , if they 're even going to be accused of throwing sticks even when they do n't , what hope do goalies have in this world ?
Ca n't we all just get along ?
Advertisement
You make the call :
Is the spinarama a fair shootout move ?
[ Star - Ledger ]
Taking a Legal but Controversial Tactic for a Spin [ NY Times ]
Call
It the Curse of Barry Melrose : Tampa Bay Gets Robbed in Shootout [ Fanhouse ]
Release early , release often : English - Chinese dictionary based on Wikipedia
February 16 , 2009 , [ MD ]
Background
Although there are some great Chinese dictionaries out there , I often encounter cases when they are not enough .
I might either be looking for a specific concept , like " open access " ( in scholarly publishing ) and want to know how that is written in Chinese , so that I can google for articles about it in Chinese .
Or I might want to know how Heidegger , Copenhagen or Grey 's Anatomy is written in Chinese - a dictionary is unlikely to have any of these ( it might have the two first , if it is very complete , but certainly not the last ) .
Wikipedia is a great , perhaps unintentional , source of these words , because of interwiki links .
Each article ( usually ) has a number of links to articles on the same topic in another language .
In the wiki markup , these look like [ en : Oslo ] , and they are listed on the bottom left side of the screen .
When , a few days ago , I needed to know about open access in Chinese , I went to the English page on open access , and clicked on the Chinese link , to the page 开放获取 .
Data extraction
One of the neat things about Wikipedia is that you can download the whole database , and do fun things with the contents .
In fact , I tried doing this all the way back in 2007 , which gave good results , but I never did anything further ( and did n't write it up , since I was in Indonesia , and not blogging , at the time ) .
Recently , a friend of mine has been playing around with dictd servers and files , and this inspired me to take up what I had left .
Luckily , I had pasted the little code snippet I made back then into an email to my friend , and I could find it easily .
It worked without any modifications .
All I had to do was download the latest Chinese database , an XML file containing all the articles ( the file zhwiki -20090116 - pages-articles.xml.bz2 in this directory ; you can find all the different databases at Wikipedia Downloads ) .
I then ran the Ruby script below , to extract all the titles of articles , and their interwiki links , to a separate , tab - separated text file :
zh = File.open ( " zhwiki-20090116-pages-articles.xml " ) zhtitle = File.open ( " english-chinese.txt " , " w " ) title , entitle , hitcounter , counter = '' , ' ',
0,0
while true counter += 1 if zh.readline.match (/(.? ) <\/ title >/) title = Regexp: : last_match [ 1 ] end if line .
match(/en :(.? ) /) entitle = Regexp::last_match [ 1 ] unless title.match(/Wikipedia|User|Help
| [ A - Za-z ] /i ) zhtitle << title << " \t " << entitle << "
" hitcounter += 1 if hitcounter == ( hitcounter / 100 ) * 100 puts " In #{counter} articles , found #{hitcounter} hits : # {hitcounter.to_f/counter.to_f*100} %. " end end end end
This generates an output file that looks like this
设计模式 Design pattern 中华人民共和国 People 's Republic of China 克利斯登· 奈加特 Kristen Nygaard 黑客 Hacker ( computing ) 林纳斯·托瓦兹 Linus Torvalds 理查德·斯托曼 Richard Stallman 自由软件基金会 Free Software Foundation 2003年7 月 July 2003 操作系统 Operating system
It 's interesting to compare the statistics for this run , and for the run I did in March , 2007 .
In 2007 , the XML dump was 520MB , with 59,600 hits ( articles with interwiki links to English ) .
In 2009 , the XML dump is 1.1GB , with around 123,300 hits , ie .
roughly double both the filesize and hits in two years .
As you can see from the small selection above , not all of these are useful ( dates , for example ) , but many are , and would not be found in ordinary dictionaries .
Transforming to simplified and traditional characters
The Chinese Wikipedia contains articles written in both simplified and traditional characters , and has a built - in facility to convert this on the fly , so that a user can read everything in simplified or traditional according to the settings .
Converting from simplified to traditional and back is not trivial , because there are a number of traditional characters that all convert to the same simplified character , etc. Chinese Wikipedia has come up with a great conversion database which deals with this , and once again , we are able to download it and use it for our own purposes .
Back in 2007 , a friend of mine downloaded this database , and converted it to a sed script .
Sed is an extremely fast command line regexp search - and - replace program for * NIX ( also built into OSX ) .
The file looks like this :
s/幾畫/几画/g s/賣畫/卖画/g
s/滷鹼/卤碱/g s/原畫/原画/g
each line is an instruction to do global search and replace on for example 幾畫 ( traditional ) with 几画 ( simplified ) .
This is from the traditional -> simplified file , there is also a simplified -> traditional file .
Note that sometimes the conversion is n't simply between characters , but also between words , when different words are used in mainland China and Taiwan .
( Download cn->tw and tw - > cn sed files ) .
So instead of having a file that mixed simplified and traditional characters , we can easily generate one with simplified and one with traditional , using sed :
sed -f cntw english - chinese.txt > english-chinese.tw.txt sed -f twcn english- chinese.txt > english-chinese.cn.txt
Instead of doing all this yourself , you can directly download the entire textfile in simplified , or traditional characters ( or both , zipped ) .
Using the fileWith this simple file , you can already do a lot .
The simplest is to use grep , a fast command line tool that searches lines in a text file .
To quickly search for open access , I would use
grep - i " open access " english-chinese.cn.txt
and get the following result :
开放获取 Open access
the - i means that grep ignores case differences .
Note that on my Mac , I can not see Chinese characters in the terminal window ( it might be possible to fix with some settings ) .
An alternative would be to do
grep - i " open access " english- chinese.cn.txt > out.tmp
and then open out .tmp in a text editor that can read UTF8 ( unicode ) .
Note that in many text editors you have to specifically ask to open the file as UTF8 .
This is cumbersome , but you can of course make different kinds of interfaces to it .
Web interfaceOne simple interface I made was a web interface .
Initially I simply ran the grep command through a Ruby wrapper , but I realized that if I executed arbitrary text on the command line , people could use it to infiltrate my server , so I changed to a very simple search .
Note that this is not indexed , and is extremely " inefficient " - by putting this into a database , or using something like Ferret , it would be extremely much faster .
But it works .
Source :
#!/usr/bin/env ruby require ' rubygems ' require " fcgi " a = File.read ( " zhcn-en.txt " ) FCGI.each_cgi do |cgi| text = cgi [ ' bigger ' ]
search = text.gsub(/\.html/ , '' ) puts " Content - Type : text / html ; charset=utf - 8 " puts " < html > < head > < title > # {search} |
English - Chinese dictionary " puts ' ' puts "
Search result for #{search}
" puts "
" puts "
" a.each do |line| if line.downcase.match(search.downcase ) a , b=line.split( " \t " ) puts " " + a + " " + b + " " end end puts "
" end
I did n't bother writing a form page for it , but the API is extremely simple : http://reganmian.net/en-zh/*searchword*.
Here are some examples :
http://reganmian.net/en-zh/Toronto
http://reganmian.net/en-zh/open access http://reganmian.net/en-zh/sex
One advantage of the simple search is that it accepts both English and Chinese input , see for example :
http://reganmian.net/en-zh/开放获取
Redirects and disambiguation
When I initially entered " open access " in English Wikipedia , I arrived at a disambiguation page giving me links to different meanings of the term , one of which , Open access ( publishing ) , was the one I wanted .
It is also often the case that abbreviations , people 's last names , etc. are redirected to the full article name .
I figured it would be useful to have an index of all these disambiguations and redirects , so that I could incorporate that in the database .
If , for example , NATO was a redirect to North Atlantic Treaty Alliance , I could have both of those two words function as headwords for the same Chinese term in the dictionary .
And if you looked up open access , I could have ( publishing ) : Chinese term , ( infrastructure ) different Chinese term , etc .
The problem is that I would have to sort through the English database to do this , and the English dump is 7,8GB packed ( probably something like 150 GB unpacked - pure text ) .
There is also a dump of redirects , however that is just an SQL dump , containing the ID of each article , and the title of the redirect , thus I would have to first import the SQL dump of page titles into a local SQL database .
I tried , but it took for ever , and I gave up .
This is not impossible , but it will take more time and more programming .
Other dictionary formatsHaving a simple text file is great , you can grep it , and even build simple interfaces , like the web interface I mentioned above .
But it would be great if we could also put this database into different dictionaries and lookup programs that already exist .
First I thought about Wenlin .
Although it is proprietary , and has not been significantly updated for many years , it is still a very powerful program , which I use frequently when reading texts .
I even made a screencast to showcase why I found it so useful .
I wondered if it would be possible to import this dictionary into Wenlin .
Turns out there is a way to import entries - you need to open a specially formatted textfile in Wenlin , and then choose " import " .
I was lucky enough to find a very interesting German project to create a German database for Wenlin , and they had a text file that I could use as a model .
The format looks like this :
cidian.db
New or changed entries :
*** 1 *** pinyin zàijūliú characters 再拘留 serial - number 1016904350 reference vwu3184a1 part - of - speech v. environment law definition rearrest
With some experimentation , I found that the serial - number and reference had to be there , but could be empty .
part - of - spech and environment were not necessary at all .
However , I needed two things .
First of all , since simplified and traditional characters are not easy to automatically convert , the program requires that you specify both simplified and traditional characters .
This was solved by using the scripts above to generate one file for simplified and one for traditional ( the same content was on the same lines in each file , so it would be easy to combine them ) .
In addition , Wenlin requires you to provide the pinyin for each word .
This is because some characters have multiple readings , so that it is not easy to automatically generate ( correct ) pinyin for characters .
I did n't need this , but Wenlin required it , and it even checked to see that each pinyin was a possible reading for the given Chinese character .
So I needed somehow to get all the words rendered in pinyin .
There are many services , and programs , that convert from Chinese text to pinyin .
However , I could n't find any good command line tools .
Command line tools are very good when you are dealing with text files of many megabytes !
I tried pasting the text into textfields in Firefox , and in stand - alone applications , and they all choked .
Surprisingly , Wenlin itself was able to open the large ( around 4MB ) file , and it actually has a built - in conversion to pinyin .
However , given that this cannot happen automatically , it tags each character with multiple readings , and asks you to select the correct one .
I was n't too preoccupied by having correct readings , just having possible readings that would be accepted by Wenlin would be enough , so I saved the result of the conversion ( which took a while ) .
Some lines looked like this :
lín nà sī·tuō 【◎ Fix : ◎wǎ ; ◎wà ; ◎wā】 【◎ Fix : ◎zī ; ◎cí】 Linus Torvalds lǐ 【◎ Fix : ◎chá ; ◎zhā】 dé·sī tuō màn Richard Stallman
And I had to use the search - and - replace with regexp function in TextMate to remove these options , leaving only the first one ( as I mentioned , my goal was not to choose the correct reading , but a possible one ) .
Combining all three files , I generated the file in Wenlin 's required format , however because of all the space required per word , the file became quite large , and Wenlin was unable to cope with it ( in fact , even trying to import 100 words automatically failed ) .
I wish there was a command line tool that enabled me to import large amounts of words into Wenlin , but until then , I might have to give this venue up .
Apple 's Dictionary .appInitally , I thought that Dictionary.app , which is preinstalled on all Mac's , used dictd files , but it turns out they use some Apple - specific format .
Luckily , this is well documented , and there are tools for generating these files included on in the developer package .
All you have to do is generate an XML file , which looks something like this
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?> mathematics 数学 ( 數學 ) /d: entry philosophy 哲学 ( 哲學 ) /d:entry /d:dictionary
Here is the script I wrote to generate this file :
pinyin = File.open ('english-pinyin.txt ' ) cn = File.open ('english-chinese.cn.txt ' ) tw = File.open ('english-chinese.tw.txt ' ) result = File.open (' MyDictionary.xml ' , 'w ' ) result << '< ?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?> ' counter = 0 begin pinyin.each do |line| counter += 1 b , english = cn.readline.split( " \t " ) c , dummy = tw.readline.split( " \t " ) english.gsub !(/((.* ) ) /,'') english.downcase !
english.strip ! ; b.strip ! ; c.strip !
result << " # {english} #{b} ( #{c} ) / d:entry " end rescue end result << " / d:dictionary " result.close
After generating this file ( you can download an example here ) , and editing the MyInfo. plist to reflect the name of the new dictionary , you can run make , and it will churn through , compile the dictionary and generate the index .
The finished product ( example here ) can be installed into your ~/ Library / Dictionaries with the command make install or manually , and ideally when you restart Dictionary .app , it will show up .
However , when I compiled the dictionary , I got a number of error messages
" " " / Developer / Extras / Dictionary Development Kit " / bin " / build_dict.sh " " My Dictionary " MyDictionary.xml MyDictionary.css MyInfo.plist - Building My Dictionary.dictionary .
*** Invalid index .
Skipped -- entry [ 12504 ] index 2009-02-16 18:47:30.507 add_supplementary_key [58407:10 b ]
***
Terminating app due to uncaught exception ' NSRangeException ' , reason : '*** -[ NSCFString characterAtIndex : ] : Range or index out of bounds '
2009-02-16 18:47:30.508 add_supplementary_key [58407 : 10 b ]
Stack : ( 2520711435 , ( lots of numbers ) ) / Developer / Extras / Dictionary Development Kit/bin / build_ dict.sh : line 131 : 58407 Trace / BPT trap " $ DICT_ BUILD_TOOL_BIN "/add_supplementary_key
<$ OBJECTS_DIR / normalized_key_body_list_1.txt > $ OBJECTS_DIR/normalized_ key_body_list_2.txt *** Unknown format .
Skipped [ raphael 1222584 0 rapha ] - Building key_text index .
( things are good ... ) - Finished building ./ objects /My Dictionary.dictionary .
echo " Done . " Done .
I am quite aware that I did n't read the specs for the file format very carefully , but rather just threw together something that seemed to work - but I must say that the message above is less than meaningful .
The actual result , is that a file is produced , and it does work well in Dictionary .app , but it clearly does not contain all the words .
I am not quite enamoured with the Dictionary .app interface , since it only shows a list of headwords , and you have to select a headword to see the translation - different from how the website I mentioned does things .
However , it is extremely speedy , and it would be nice if I could solve the problem above .
I might also try to convert the dictionary into an actual dictd file , which should be easier .
And I 've even thought of merging it somehow with CEDICT to get one large database ( I found some perl scripts that might help with this ) .
Conclusion
This is how far I got in my amateur hacking this time , before it was time to turn back to studies and " more important things " .
It 's interesting that I did a part of this work two years ago , when I was n't blogging , and therefore did n't document it .
These days , I figure I derive so much utility from other people 's write ups about their problems and solutions , and neat hacks , that I ought to share my stuff with the world .
Perhaps only a few people ever come across it , but to them it might be very useful .
Also it 's a great personal archive of things too - had n't I found the script I wrote two years ago in GMail , it might have been lost .
It also shows how useful semantically marked up data can be , especially when a website allows you to download it 's entire database and do fun stuff with it , that they never even planned for .
( Something similar was the case when I made the Indonesian mouse - over dictionary ) .
There 's a large amount of useful tools out there , but they become much more useful if you can run them in command line mode .
And there needs to be an easy to use , easy to create , and extract from , format for dictionaries , that all applications can read .
( Maybe dictd is it , I need to learn more about it first ) .
Stian
Stian Håklev Toronto , Canada
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
Microsoft : Attackers Target Unpatched Excel Flaw
Microsoft Corp. is warning computer users that attackers are now exploiting a previously unknown security hole in the company 's Excel spreadsheet software to break into vulnerable systems .
The vulnerability , which appears to be present in all supported versions of Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Office ( including Office 2004 and Office 2008 for Mac ) , could be exploited merely by convincing a user to open a booby - trapped Excel file hosted on a hacked or malicious Web site , or sent as an attachment in an e-mail message .
Microsoft reports that it is " aware only of limited and targeted attacks that attempt to use this vulnerability , " and that it is working on shipping a fix for the flaw .
Symantec researchers report on the company 's blog more or less supporting Microsoft 's claim that this flaw is not yet widely being exploited .
But that should not deter readers from following this tried - and - true advice :
If you did n't ask for it , be very cautious about opening e-mail attachments .
If you 're not sure whether someone you know meant to send you an attachment , reply back and check with the sender before deciding whether to download and open it .
Microsoft also released a non-security update further disable the " Autorun " feature in Windows .
This feature , on by default in Windows , is what 's responsible for displaying the contents of a removable drive -- such as a USB stick or CD - Rom -- when users insert the devices into a Windows PC .
Malicious software writers have long abused this feature of Windows to spread their creations .
More recently , this method of spreading made headlines with the emergence of the Conficker worm , which has spread to millions of PCs around the globe - in part due to a security hole Microsoft fixed late last year , but also by infecting removable media and spreading to new systems and networks via the Autorun feature .
Shortly after Conficker became a global pandemic , experts and the U.S. Computer Emergency Response Team and others pointed out that Microsoft 's advice on how to disable Autorun in Windows was n't quite complete .
The supplemental advice on how to do that involves editing the Windows registry -- by most accounts not a place for the computer novice to be mucking around deleting or editing entries .
So , the fix Microsoft is releasing should make completely disabling Autorun in Windows as simple as downloading and installing the patch , or grabbing it via Microsoft Update , right ?
Nope .
The Autorun fix released this week merely changes things so that Windows actually honors whatever registry settings you may have changed for Autorun .
According to Microsoft , in order to fully disable Autorun on Windows , users need to have installed the appropriate update from a list of patches Microsoft shipped late last year * and * edit the Windows registry , according to the rather labyrinthine instructions here .
Clear as mud ?
I thought so too .
Perhaps that 's why Microsoft issued this as " a security advisory about a non-security update . "
WASHINGTON , Feb. 19 ( UPI ) --
A sinister Kremlin agenda may be involved in the intrigue around the closure of Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan .
The Kremlin is obsessed with the U.S. missile defense deployment in Poland and the Czech Republic .
Sources in Moscow tell UPI that the Kremlin may use the Manas closure and an offer of cooperation in supply of the Afghanistan deployment as a bargaining chip in its negotiations with the United States on the future of missile defense in Europe .
Russia is essentially creating bargaining chips it may be willing to trade in exchange for the American concessions it considers vital .
This was the case with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's threat to deploy short - range , nuclear - capable Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad province on the Baltic coast in response to the planned ballistic missile defense site that the Bush administration planned to construct in Poland .
The missile shield in Europe has become even more vital after Iran launched its first satellite .
History is witness to many a satellite program becoming a precursor to an active long - range ballistic missile program , or vice versa .
Advertisement
Along with China , Russia has lobbied the Kyrgyz government to evict the United States and NATO from Manas .
This is not the first instance of evicting NATO bases from Central Asia .
In 2005 , at the Shanghai Cooperation Organization meeting , Moscow and Beijing had pushed for the closure of the American Karshi - Khanabad Air Base in Uzbekistan .
Since 2005 , Manas remained the only U.S. air base in Central Asia .
Currently , NATO ships some 75 percent of supplies for the coalition forces -- from food and fuel to construction materials and heavy equipment -- to the Pakistani port of Karachi and then trucks the cargo for some 600 miles through Khyber Pass to Afghanistan .
Taliban fighters target the convoys regularly and threaten the security of the supply troops and the cargoes .
Hundreds of trucks have been destroyed , jeopardizing the vital supply line .
With the supplies interrupted , the Taliban may score a victory , which would be to the detriment of Russia 's own long - term interests and security .
But some in Moscow may be advocating a high - risk strategy :
If the United States fails in Afghanistan , it -- and NATO -- would also suffer a massive setback to its geopolitical power and prestige .
Yet Russia would remain in this volatile neighborhood with neither the tools nor the historical standing to intervene and fix the situation .
The Soviet military campaign in Afghanistan is a painful memory for many Russians , similar to Vietnam for the Americans .
In the 1980s , after 10 years of bloodshed , Moscow suffered a defeat in Afghanistan from the U.S. - supported mujahedin .
The America - haters in Moscow may think it 's payback time .
The Kremlin 's interference is just one example of how detrimental Russian policies may be , including obstruction of the U.N. sanctions against Iran , supply of nuclear technology to Tehran , the sales of sophisticated anti-aircraft missiles to protect the Iranian nuclear program and support of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez .
The Obama administration is under pressure to develop a coherent policy vis-a- vis Russia and correlate it to its goals in Afghanistan .
Otherwise , the standing and reputation of the United States throughout Europe and Eurasia will be irrevocably damaged .
--
( Ariel Cohen , Ph.D. , is a senior research fellow in Russian and Eurasian studies and international energy security at the Catherine and Shelby Cullom Davis Institute at The Heritage Foundation . )
Palestinian medical officials said at least 937 people in the Gaza Strip have been killed and nearly 4,000 wounded since the offensive began
Credit : REUTERS
Bush Administration created executive pay loophole John Byrne
Published : Monday December 15 , 2008
Print This Email This The Bush Administration inserted an eleventh - hour provision into the $ 750 billion bailout bill to protect executive bonuses , a single sentence that will torpedo efforts to reduce bonuses even as companies slash tens of thousands of jobs and use taxpayer money to gobble up other companies at fire - sale prices .
Pressured by constituents who worried that companies would take government aid and continue to pay their executives eye - popping bonuses , Congress inserted a provision that would penalize companies who took taxpayer money and shelled out outsized bonuses .
But at the last minute , Bush officials insisted on a one - sentence provision that stopped the measure in its tracks , according to congressional aides who spoke to the Washington Post .
The change stipulated that the sanction would only apply to firms that sold mortgage backed securities to the government at auction , which the Bush Treasury Department said would be the method they 'd use to infuse troubled companies with bailout cash .
" Now , however , the small change looks more like a giant loophole , according to lawmakers and legal experts " who spoke to Post reporter Amit Paley .
" In a reversal , the Bush administration has not used auctions for any of the $ 335 billion committed so far from the rescue package , nor does it plan to use them in the future .
Lawmakers and legal experts say the change has effectively repealed the only enforcement mechanism in the law dealing with lavish pay for top executives . "
" The flimsy executive - compensation restrictions in the original bill are now all but gone , " Sen .
Charles Grassley , a Republican from Iowa and ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee , told Paley .
According to Paley , " The final legislation contained unprecedented restrictions on executive compensation for firms accepting money from the bailout fund .
The rules limited incentives that encourage top executives to take excessive risks , provided for the recovery of bonuses based on earnings that never materialize and prohibited ' golden parachute ' severance pay .
But several analysts said that perhaps the most effective provision was the ban on companies deducting more than $ 500,000 a year from their taxable income for compensation paid to their top five executives . "
This amendment to the Internal Revenue Code was the only part of the bailout measure that had an explicit enforcement mechanism .
Bush officials initially opposed executive compensation rules .
Banks , in particular , had been taking heat for " golden parachute " cases , where top executives received lavish pay upon their departure even if they 'd done a poor job leading their company .
It remains unclear whether the Administration ever intended to limit executive pay -- if perhaps they knew in advance that Treasury did n't intend to buy mortgage assets at auction all along -- as they 'd told Congress .
SYDNEY , Australia  Investigators on Tuesday identified the remains of 11 more victims of this month ’s wildfires in southern Australia , raising the death toll to 200 .
The police in the southern state of Victoria said all of the latest victims were killed in a 60 - mile - long fire front that devastated several townships in the hills northeast of Melbourne .
Officials have warned that the toll will continue to rise as more bodies are recovered in the areas hardest hit by the fires .
Thirty - nine bodies have been recovered from the village of Marysville , which was almost completely destroyed by a fire the police believe was deliberately set , but authorities have said the final count there could be as high as 100 .
It could take weeks before officials know exactly how many people were killed in the fires which began on Feb .
7 . The police say some bodies have been burned beyond recognition and may never be identified .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - MySpace users with mobile phones are about to find out if they can walk and watch TV at the same time .
The MySpace homepage in an undated image courtesy of the company .
MySpace users with mobile phones are about to find out if they can walk and watch TV at the same time .
REUTERS / Handout
On Wednesday , News Corp ’s online social network will make video clips from its members ’ pages available for viewing on mobile devices including the BlackBerry Bold , Palm Centro , Motorola Q9 , LG Voyager , Nokia N95 and Samsung Instinct .
Members will be able to look at video on their own homepages as well as friends ’ pages .
They also will be able to view professionally produced video from TMZ , the celebrity news and gossip website owned by Time Warner Inc ; the National Hockey League ; National Geographic magazine ; satirical newspaper The Onion and others .
The free service will be supported by advertising .
MySpace and many other companies are trying to exploit the small but growing mobile advertising market .
MySpace declined to comment on the cost of the project or how much money it would make them .
“ These are the big guys doing it , and they ’re going to make some noise about it , ” said David Card , a media analyst at Forrester Research who called it a medium - sized deal in terms of significance .
“ Mobile is one of those things where people keep saying , ‘ Is next year going to be the year of mobile ’ ? ”
MySpace video will be sent , or “ streamed , ” from the social network ’s pages rather than downloaded onto mobile phones .
For this reason , the clips will not be available on Apple Inc ’s iPhone , which runs downloaded video .
MySpace , one of the world ’s largest online social networks , plans to support mobile video downloads in the future , a spokeswoman said .
MySpace ’s growth strategy includes developing mobile phone applications , as well as international markets and building up its music service .
Acquisitions are central to this strategy , Chief Executive Chris DeWolfe told the Reuters Media Summit on Monday .
The company will work with technology from a company called RipCode to make video available on mobile handsets that have different technical specifications for how they handle video .
RipCode also will allow MySpace users to stop having to save their video clips in different formats , something that it said would save hardware , energy and storage resources .
For most of tuners , the supercar SLR McLaren is , indeed , a real test and to some extent for Mercedes as well .
For SLR , though their end looks quite near , they would n’t quietly fade into the history of the cars .
The last ( but not least ) SLR version is under development and Florida - based tuner sparing no efforts to make it a real history .
They are boosting its power to 777hp that is delightfully sinful and similarly they seem to make the most of the carbon fiber chassis of the car .
It ’s not wrong to call it Renntech 777 that can reach 210 mph at its top speed with its 5.5 - liter supercharged V8 that has been modified in it quite heavily .
Its driveline and suspensions have also been designed .
Similarly , there is a new gapping system has been introduced that offers 100 % locking within the weels and quite effective for cornering .
The joint project of McLaren and Mercedes for the SLR will come to end by this year .
save for lateradd to cart $ 1750 guapple.com
A Guapple is a fruit found in parts of Asia and is a combination of a guava and ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 3450 PICAROO.COM
I love the name and I love the logo of this fantastic name , it just appeals to m ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 500 advertiseonit.com
It seems that every product now has some sort of advert on it and if you can thi ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 1750 gtlding.com
In 2014 the Internet space is about to change with the release of new GTLD domai ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 1250 glibit.com A Glibit is a little round green sweet that once eaten gives the person an added ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 2450 dolcha.com Dolcha is a short and sweet dot com and is a perfect name for a fashion business ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 2450 floomy.com
Floomy is a fresh sounding dot com that sounds like it should be the name of a ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 250 pinkywinky.com
This is a prime example of a brandable dot com .
It has the name that we all seem ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 950 pho9.com Foodie or not , just hearing the name
Pho makes it hard for one to take his mind ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 1450 nujja.com
Likeable name and catchy as hell and looking at the logo it would make a good ...
I met a self - made , multi-millionaire for drinks and dinner last night .
Chris is the owner , CEO and principal engineer for a private software company that nets 20 million dollars a year in profit .
He ’s an elite businessman with a big heart .
The compassion and chivalry he shows his employees and clients is unmistakable .
He has been an idol of mine for many years .
And as we sipped wine and chatted , he carried himself with the refined composure and confidence you ’d expect from a man of his stature .
Then his wife joined us .
This was the first time I met Victoria , and she was a bit different than I had envisioned .
She was beautiful , yes , but she complained about everything .
According to her , the waitress was too slow , the centerpiece on the table was ugly , and her brand new Lexus does n’t drive as smooth as her girlfriends ’
Mercedes .
Chris grew increasingly irritated with each negative comment that rolled off Victoria ’s tongue .
His expression turned sour , his posture deteriorated and his cheeks blushed with frustration .
After just fifteen minutes at the dinner table with her , Chris , the man of power and prestige whom I idolize , had completely lost his poise .
“ Where ’s the waitress ?
This bread is stale . ”
Victoria huffed under her breath .
“ The only stale thing I perceive is your incessant bitching ! ” Chris yelped .
“ Will you please stop whining and just allow us to enjoy a pleasant evening for once ?
For heaven ’s sake ! ”
She gave me a wide - eyed glance , as if to say , “ Do you see the crap I have to put up with ? ”
He gave me a similar look a moment later .
The tension between them stirred my nerves .
I wanted to excuse myself , but I did n’t want to be rude .
Needless to say , the remainder of the evening was rather uncomfortable .
My Brain Malfunctions
Chris called me this morning and gave me some ingenious advice on how to solve a contractual business dilemma I told him about last night .
He then proceeded to apologize for his behavior at the dinner table .
“ The work involved in running my business comes naturally to me .
I love what I do .
I ’m successful because I understand all the inputs and outputs , and I can precisely tune the production gears to acquire a set of desired results , ” Chris said .
“ Yeah , I ’ve seen you in action , ” I agreed .
He continued : “ But when it comes to long - term , intimate relationships , my brain malfunctions … and I inevitably fail . ”
Multidimensional Human Beings
All people , even our idols , are multidimensional human beings .
Powerful business men , polished musicians , bestselling authors , and even our own parents all have dimensions of success and dimensions of failure present in their lives .
Our successful dimensions usually encompass the things we love most .
We are successful in these dimensions because of our love , because we naturally spend the most time perfecting and nurturing what we love .
And this is the part of our lives we want others to see , the successful part that holds our life ’s passion .
It ’s the notion of putting our best foot forward .
It ’s the public persona we envision as our personal legacy : “ The Successful ABC ” or “ The Award Winning XYZ . ”
But behind whichever polished storyline we publically promote , there lies a multidimensional human being with a long list of unprofessed failures .
Sometimes this person is a bad husband , or fails to choose a suitable wife .
Sometimes this person laughs at the expense of others .
And sometimes this person takes their eyes off the road and rear - ends the car in front of them .
So Do We
The incident at dinner last night reminded me of this idle truth .
Our biggest idols and childhood heroes are just human … with all the flawed dimensions humans have .
And we should n’t feel let down when we are faced with the reality of these flaws , because they have always been there .
It ’s just part of being human .
Sometimes our idols act like obnoxious , emotional , fools .
But sometimes so do we .
And sometimes they argue , cry , and fall flat on their faces .
But sometimes so do we .
A sign of the times a-changing ?
Share
This :
There was a big high wall there that tried to stop me ;
Sign was painted , it said private property ;
But on the back side it did n't say nothing ;
That side was made for you and me .
In the shadow of the steeple I saw my people ,
By the relief office I seen my people ;
As they stood there hungry , I stood there asking
Is this land made for you and me ?
Nobody living can ever stop me ,
As I go walking that freedom highway ;
Nobody living can ever make me turn back
This land was made for you and me .
NOTE : The version provided by Seeger differs somewhat from what I 've heard were the ' original ' words tho ' , in fairness , Guthrie himself varied the wording over time and from time - to - time .
And that sign said No Trespassin '
But on the other side it did n't say nothin !
Now that side was made for you and me !
In the squares of the city -- in the shadow of the steeple
Near the relief office I see my people
And some are grumblin ' and some are wonderin '
If this land 's still made for you and me .
Normally , I would include a YouTube of Seeger 's performance ; several were posted on YouTube .
But they seem to have been taken down and replaced by the following message : " This video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by Home Box Office , Inc . "
It seems strange to have a song about " No Trespassin ' signs " be declared " out of bounds " by a corporation .
Irony can be pretty ironic sometimes .
Oops ... just found a posting on YouTube .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
As I was walkin' -- I saw a sign there
And that sign said No Trespassin ' But on the other side it did n't say nothin !
Now that side was made for you and me !
In the squares of the city -- in the shadow of the steepleNear the relief office I see my peopleAnd some are grumblin ' and some are wonderin' If this land 's still made for you and me .
Normally , I would include a YouTube of Seeger 's performance ; several were posted on YouTube .
But they seem to have been taken down and replaced by the following message : " This video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by Home Box Office , Inc . "
It seems strange to have a song about " No Trespassin ' signs " be declared " out of bounds " by a corporation .
Irony can be pretty ironic sometimes .
Oops ... just found a posting on YouTube .
Click here to hear Seeger and Springstein .
Perhaps HBO has relented ?
Or , pehaps , you should click fast .
If the video is gone , you can always click on Amor Mundi Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Tuesday 20 January 2009 - 11:14:23 - Permalink
At the pre-inaugural concert on the 18th , 89 - year - old Pete Seeger ( along with Bruce Springsteen ) sang Woody Guthrie 's " This Land Is Your Land " ... including some rarely heard verses that constitute a demand for workers ' rights .
These verses ( in their various incarnations ) are usually left out or altered in order to de-politicize the song .
Seeger included : There was a big high wall there that tried to stop me ; Sign was painted , it said private property ; But on the back side it did n't say nothing ; That side was made for you and me .
In the shadow of the steeple I saw my people , By the relief office I seen my people ; As they stood there hungry , I stood there asking Is this land made for you and me ?
Nobody living can ever stop me , As I go walking that freedom highway ; Nobody living can ever make me turn back This land was made for you and me .
NOTE : The version provided by Seeger differs somewhat from what I 've heard were the ' original ' words tho ' , in fairness , Guthrie himself varied the wording over time and from time - to - time .
Wikipedia has a discussion of the lyric variations , including Seeger's .
What I 've heard as ' original ' contains the following verses :
WASHINGTON / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Bank of America Corp was rescued by the U.S. government on Friday through a $ 20 billion bailout and a guarantee for almost $ 100 billion of potential losses on toxic assets to cushion the blow from a deteriorating balance sheet at Merrill Lynch & Co , its recently acquired brokerage .
A taxi speeds past a Bank of America branch in New York 's Times Square January 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
The bailout makes Bank of America the biggest recipient of taxpayer money next to Citigroup as the government pours cash into the nation ’s banks to plug holes left by bad loans .
The worst housing crisis since the Great Depression and the worst recession in many years have hammered U.S. banks .
The capital is on top of $ 25 billion that Bank of America previously got from the Treasury Department ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) in October and is the latest indication that authorities are still struggling to come to grips with the financial crisis that began about 18 months ago .
In another bid to shore up banks in general , the government ’s Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . said it would propose lengthening the term on bank debt that it is prepared to guarantee to 10 years from three years .
Banks must use the proceeds for new consumer lending .
Both Citi and BofA , once the dominant U.S. banks , face mounting pressure from investors who question whether they have enough capital to cope with a tidal wave of bad debts .
This crisis of confidence sent their shares plummeting on Thursday , with Bank of America ’s stock sinking as much as 28 percent to $ 7.35 , its lowest in more than 17 years , and Citigroup ’s declining 26 percent to just $ 3.36 .
They both later recovered some of the losses , with BofA last quoted at $ 8.89 and Citi at $ 3.98 .
More details about their condition will surface early Friday , when the two banks report quarterly results .
Citigroup is widely expected to report a huge loss , and some analysts also expect Bank of America to report a loss .
Both brought forward their releases from next week .
In return for the bailout , Bank of America , which just a few months ago was trumpeting the Merrill takeover as a coup , agreed to cut its dividend to 1 cent per share from 32 cents and cap executive pay -- concessions similar to those made by Citigroup when it was rescued in November .
The dividend cannot be increased without government approval in the next three years .
The guarantee also resembles the $ 306 billion backstop that Citigroup received .
Bank of America will assume the first $ 10 billion loss on a pool of $ 118 billion of toxic assets , the U.S. government will take the next $ 10 billion , and the U.S. will assume 90 percent of all further losses , with BofA responsible for the remaining 10 percent .
The assets are mainly mortgage - related assets inherited from Merrill .
A U.S. official said President - elect Barack Obama ’s transition team had been notified of the Bank of America negotiations .
Earlier , a financial policy source told Reuters that both President George W. Bush and Obama , who takes over on Tuesday , have signed off on the package of support .
Bank of America sought the aid to absorb growing credit losses at Merrill , whose acquisition was completed on January 1 , creating the largest U.S. bank .
Bank of America is expected to post a quarterly profit of 19 cents per share , according to the average of analysts ’ expectations , but some analysts expect a loss .
Citigroup , meanwhile , is expected to post a fifth straight multibillion - dollar quarterly loss , with analysts expecting a loss of $ 1.32 per share , excluding items .
Citi is also expected to unveil a plan to significantly shrink its balance sheet and business model , a source has said .
The bank , which has received $ 45 billion in TARP money , began that process on Tuesday with a deal to merge its Smith Barney brokerage with Morgan Stanley ’s wealth management unit .
“ WARDS OF THE STATE ”
Analysts have raised the specter that both Bank of America and Citigroup could be nationalized at taxpayer expense .
“ They both will likely become wards of the state , ” Doug Kass , who heads the hedge fund Seabreeze Partners Management , referring to Bank of America and Citigroup , said before the Bank of America bailout announcement .
“ They are too big to fail . ”
Any effective government takeover would follow similar moves involving mortgage finance companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and banks in Britain and Iceland .
Ireland ’s government nationalized Anglo Irish Bank Corp Plc on Thursday .
Citigroup denied speculation it might be nationalized , CNBC television reported .
A bank spokesman declined to comment .
Analysts said the government would like to avoid a repeat of the downfall of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc , whose September 15 bankruptcy was viewed as a key trigger in a broad downturn in world economies and equities markets in the latter part of last year .
Some positive news came Thursday from JPMorgan Chase & Co. The No. 2 U.S. bank reported a 76 percent decline in quarterly profit , but still topped some analysts ’ expectations .
However , the bank boosted its estimate of potential losses from credit cards and from Washington Mutual Inc , which it took over last September .
Moody ’s Investors Service lowered the bank ’s credit rating , saying “ consecutive quarterly losses in the next 12 - 15 months cannot be ruled out . ”
JPMorgan closed down $ 1.57 , or 6.1 percent , at $ 24.34 .
The KBW Bank Index slid 8 percent , including a 26 percent drop at Marshall & Ilsley Corp .
That Milwaukee bank said soured residential development loans , including in Arizona and Florida , led to a surprise quarterly loss .
OVERREACHING ?
Bank of America ’s need for government help raised questions about whether CEO Kenneth Lewis overreached by buying Merrill for about $ 19.4 billion , and Countrywide Financial Corp , the largest U.S. mortgage lender , for $ 2.5 billion in July .
The purchases extended Bank of America ’s tentacles throughout the financial system in a period of pronounced economic weakness .
Bank of America had already halved its dividend in October as the capital concerns grew .
“ This looks , feels and smells like a redux of Lehman , ” said Tom Sowanick , chief investment officer of Clearbrook Financial LLC in Princeton , New Jersey , who was speaking before the formal bailout announcement .
The Financial Times said Lewis sent lawyers to examine Merrill ’s books in December to determine if results worsened so materially that he could invoke a contractual right to scrap the merger .
Meanwhile , Citigroup CEO Vikram Pandit is expected to shrink the bank by about one - third , after $ 20.3 billion of losses in the year ended September 30 .
But investors worry that any plan will dilute shareholder stakes , or not go far enough .
“ There is no faith in Bank of America and Citi , ” said Todd Leone , head of listed trading at Cowen & Co in New York .
Lawmakers expressed concern about the industry ’s fragility .
“ They ’ll be back for more money ” from TARP , said Sen. Bob Corker , a Tennessee Republican .
“ Our banking system is going to lose hundreds of billions of dollars , ” and taxpayer money is “ going down the drain . ”
A GROWING number of Americans believe that religion ’s influence in their country is on the wane , according to a new survey .
The Gallup Poll , conducted in December , suggests that the recent waning perception that religion is increasing in influence is :
Partially a result of the decline of Republican political strength throughout President George W Bush ’s second term .
The report stated :
At the close of 2008 , few Americans perceive that religion is thriving in US society , and a relatively small majority believe religion is relevant to solving today ’s problems .
These perceptions may stem in part from the political climate – characterized by a weakened Republican Party and the incoming Democratic administration – as well as from the overwhelming consensus that the main problems facing the country today are economic .
Just three years ago , half of the US adult population felt the influence of religion on American life was rising .
Today , only a little more than a quarter believe so .
The Gallup Poll found that just 27 percent of Americans perceive religion ’s influence to be on the upswing while 67 percent of Americans say religion as a whole is losing influence on American life .
Since 2005 , the Gallup Poll has recorded a downward trend in those who believe the influence of religion is increasing .
The record low for this perception was in 1970 when only 14 percent said religion was increasing in influence at that time .
The last time a majority of Americans felt the influence of religion was rising was in December 2001 , just months after the 9/11 terrorist attacks , when 71 percent said religious influence was increasing – the highest percentage Gallup Poll recorded since 1957 .
Previous polls show that there was a long period of doubt about the influence of religion during the Vietnam War era – from 1965 through 1975 , according to the Gallup report .
Then , in the 1980s , religious influence was perceived as growing when religious conservatism , or the “ religious right , ” was gaining prominence during the Ronald Reagan presidency .
In other major findings , the percentage of Americans who believe that religion can answer society ’s problems is at an all - time low , with only 53 percent saying religion “ can answer all or most of today ’s problems .
” The poll comes during an economic crisis and at a time when the vast majority of Americans believe the U.S. economy is the nation ’s greatest challenge .
Meanwhile , over the last several decades , the percentage of those who perceive religion as “ largely old - fashioned and out of date ” has been on a continuous rise .
The latest poll found that 28 percent believe it ’s old - fashioned .
Results of the latest poll are based on interviews with 1,009 national adults , aged 18 and older .
See full report here
QR Code Link to This Post
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------I'm doing you guys a favor , so pay attention here .
This is for your own good .
Well , that and your partner's .
Trust me - she IS thinking these things , she 's just afraid to tell you because you might get your wittle feewins huwt .
Which is too bad for everybody , because sex really is n't that difficult , if you just talk to each other about what makes it good for each of you .
So -- pay attention .
1 . Stop talking so much during sex .
I do n't mean " oooh , baby " " God , that feels good , " " Oh , yea , " etc .
I mean , sex is not the time for a running conversation .
Do n't ask , every other minute , " Is this right ?
What do you want me to do next ?
Do you like this ?
Do you like that ?
Do you like this ?
Do you like this ?
Am I doing this right ?
What do you want to do next ?
What do you want to do now ?
Do you like this ?
What do you want me to do next ?
Do you like it when I do this ?
Want me to [ whatever ] ?
Does that feel good to you ?
Am I doing this right ?
Do you want to [ whatever ] ?
" Are you seeing a pattern there ?
Yes , communication is important .
Yes , we want to know it feels good and we want to tell you it feels good .
We do n't want to take a fucking final exam , no pun intended .
We do n't want to play 20 questions in the middle of sex .
SHUT UP !!!
Talking is okay , showing your appreciation is great , but if you 'd just pay attention to her body signals , you would n't have to ask so many fucking questions .
2a .
Never -- never -- use the words " mama " and " daddy " during sex .
NEVER .
The answer to " Does mama like it when daddy sucks her clit ? " does n't matter because just the words Mama and Daddy shut the pleasure sensors down .
Do n't .
Do. It.2b .
Absolutely never never never say " Daddy likes his cock in Mama 's mouth " when you 're in her mouth .
Regardless of her gag reflex , you might get vomited on .3a .
Stop with the smacking kisses .
It 's like listening to cows eat .
Stop it .3 b .
And , speaking of kisses .... you do n't have to stick your tongue down her throat the entire time .
A great kiss can also involve lots of lip movement and no tongue .
Try it .4a .
Do not -- I repeat DO NOT -- take her clit in your mouth and shake your head hard like a dog .
What in the world makes you think that could possibly feel good ?
Oh , let me guess .
You saw it in a porn movie .
Dumbass .4b .
Do not suck and pull the labia to the point of stretching .
Why would you do that ?
Did you not get enough pacifiers when you were a baby ?
Why ?
( If you do n't know what labia is , you 're too young to be reading this email anyway . ) 4 c .
If you really do n't know how to give good oral sex , remember the alphabet trick .
If you do n't know the alphabet trick , it 's simple .
Draw the letters of the alphabet on her pussy / over her clit with your tongue .
Really , it is that simple .
If you 'll pay attention while you 're doing it , you can tell which movements she really likes , too , and you can concentrate on those .
4d .
By the way , your tongue has a pointed end and a flat side .
Use both of them .
If , after oral sex , your frenulum ( look it up ) feels tender or stretched , you 're stretching your tongue too much during oral sex .
Put your mouth closer to her clit , and you wo n't have that problem .
If you dislike performing oral sex so much that you 're doing your best Gene Simmons imitation anyway , maybe you should n't be doing it at all .
She can tell you 're not really into it , you know .
4e .
If in doubt , remember : soft licks work best .
Smashing your face hard in her pussy wo n't get her there faster .
Start with soft licks and when she 's holding your head by the ears and pushing up against your face , you 'll know you 're working it right .
4f .
And while I 'm on the subject of hard and soft .... go gentle with the fingers in the vagina and anus thing .
The trick is to add stimulation , not make her feel like she 's getting a gyno exam .
Ramming your fingers up there just hurts .
When you have to chase her ass up the bed , it 's because she 's trying to get away from the pointed spear that is your finger .
4g .
There is no need to say , " oh yea " and smack your lips every 10 seconds when your mouth is occupied down there .
How is a woman supposed to relax into oral sex if you keep removing your mouth from where it 's doing the most good ?
You 're losing her .
Stop it .4h .
A little teeth scraping , a small nibble while you suck , okay .
Biting ?
BITING ????
What the fuck do you think you 're doing ???
Do you like teeth used on your penis ?
I did n't think so .
Just think of it this way .
All those nerve endings you have on a few inches of penis ... sorry , I forgot , I 'm on Craigslist ....
All those nerve endings you have on 12 throbbing inches of penis are , on her , concentrated in one little bud called the clitoris .
I repeat - Class dismissed .
EDITED : Yes , there are exceptions .
I 'm sure some women like to be called " mama " during sex .
Go figure .
Yes , some of this is based on personal experience .
Most of it , however , comes from conversations with my girlfriends .
Do n't believe me ?
Print this out and show it to a woman you know .
San Francisco CityPASS is rated 4.7 out of 5 by 3130 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Brydac from Wonderful Experience
We absolutely loved City Pass .
It made transportation and attractions very accessible .
It was our first time visiting San Francisco and my girls ages 10 and 8 loved all the places we went to .
We highly recommend the Exploratorium , Academy of Science and Aquarium .
You could easily spend an entire day each at the Exploratorium and Academy of Science .
Rated 4 out of 5 by Esby from very pleased !
We were very happy with the CityPass , made transport all over the city so much easier !
Between the public transport and passes to attractions it was worth every penny .
We 'd assuredly use it again .
Rated 5 out of 5 by BenjoBear from Loved it !
Our family of 3 used the CityPass for San Francisco and it was excellent value for money .
The attractions were varied and having the MUNI included in the pass made getting around easy .
We would highly recommend to everyone and would definitely purchase again for our future travels .
Rated 5 out of 5 by HappyTraveler91 from Always the BEST !
This is the second time I have used CityPass in San Francisco and it is the way to go !
Easy , fun , and worry free for a good time .
Rated 5 out of 5 by RudyFranco from A wonderful time !
We bought the CityPASS and used it everywhere !
Transportation !
Museums !
You name it !
Would not go again without one !
Rated 5 out of 5 by ineedmorevacations from Great value I bought a CityPass prior to leaving for my trip to San Francisco .
It ended up being a great value !
We were able to ride the cable cars multiple times and use the other modes of Muni to get to the sites .
For the amount of attractions you get to see and the price , it is certainly worth it !
Rated 5 out of 5 by Djrevere from Great Value
We bought the CityPass for our recent trip to San Francisco .
It included a public transportation pass and admission to four attractions .
It was the perfect amount of activities for our family without feeling rushed .
We would definitely purchase a CityPass again .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Jay12 from Necessary Saves you tons of money - cable cars are $ 7 one way trip without the city pass .
You have access to muni , Bart , and cable cars which are all extremely convenient and easy to use .
I would have spent hundreds of extra dollars without the city pass .
Great museums and activities offered .
I would have gone to the same locations anyways , I just saved money doing it .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Perry from Highly Recommend I would highly recommend CityPass as the 3 day Muni Passport was a great value itself and I was able to use several of the tickets for attractions that I already planned on visiting .
great value .
MANILA ( Reuters ) -
At least one person has tested positive for the Ebola - Reston virus in the Philippines , where the disease has broken out in pigs at two farms north of the capital , the government said on Friday .
Health Secretary Francisco
Duque told a news conference that there was little immediate health risk but experts warned the virus ’ jump to humans was a concern .
“ This presents a negligible risk to human health , ” Duque said .
Experts from the World Health Organization , World Organization for Animal Health and the Food and Agriculture Organization , all U.N. agencies , ended a 10 - day field test at the two farms over the weekend after Ebola - Reston was found there last year .
It is the first time the virus has been found outside monkeys and the first time it has been found in pigs .
The virus had previously jumped from monkeys to humans but it is the first case of a jump from hogs .
Duque said at least 50 workers in the two farms were exposed to the virus , but only one person tested positive .
This person had not shown any symptoms , he said .
Experts said the jump was a concern even if the Ebola - Reston strain of the virus is not as deadly as other strains of the disease , which can cause incurable hemorrhagic fever and have a mortality rate of 25 to 90 percent .
“ Viruses jumping across species is always worrying , ” said Lo Wing - lok , an infectious diseases expert in Hong Kong .
“ If it continues to do so , the virus will adapt to the human body or may mutate to become more transmissible among humans . ”
Although human cases of Ebola Reston in the past have been mild , Lo warned against any complacency .
“ We ca n’t say for sure that it is not dangerous to man , we have to follow developments very closely , ” Lo said .
“ In the past , the infections happened to a very small number of people .
“ But this virus may get magnified in swine and we could get a higher - density virus in the environment and more cases of human infection can occur , ” he said .
( Reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr. and Manny Mogato )
( Additional reporting by Tan Ee Lyn )
Like most mornings , I sip my coffee and devour my Newsday , but upon reading this one article , Advocates seek college funds for prisoners , well I nearly spit it out in total disbelief .
I would like to remind these advocates of our current economic crisis in which law abiding citizens are finding it harder and harder to send their children onto college .
Some can not even afford to go .
Some must seek work if they can find a job .
What about the laid off workers in NY State who must say to their child , “ Sorry , we just cannot afford to send you onto college . ”
Imagine their anger in reading this one article that some politicians would rather help prisoners than their own children .
This is simply maddening if you ask me .
I was always brought up thinking that prison was a place for punishment .
Yes , in more prosperous times , we did think of rehabilitating these prisoners so they would become productive members of society .
But , can we afford to spend millions on these programs at this point ?
The sound response should be , no we cannot .
In past articles , I have cited how food pantries were going bare and being used by people working two jobs in order to make it .
I think they could use those millions instead of prisoners in order to survive .
Newsday reported , " The Correctional Association of New York , a watchdog agency that pushes for legislative and policy reform in the state correctional system , released a report today extolling the merits of educated prisoners , saying college courses have long - term benefits that can be realized quickly . "
What I would say to this watch - dog group is that the stimulus bill has not even reached Pres .
Obama 's desk since it will be discussed and voted on in the senate and any benefits either short or long term must go to those presently unemployed to jumpstart this economy first .
This watch - dog organization even had the gall as to say that this " money should be dedicated despite the economy . "
Instead of issuing a 23 page report , what they should do is say that to the millions who have lost their jobs and the tens of thousands who the president cited lost their jobs this past week .
The sum they are seeking is between $ 5 million and $ 10 million dollars .
While a low sum as opposed to the billions handed out to banking institutions , still the unemployed must come first .
New York City 's Mayor , Michael Bloomberg has called for , " huge job cuts in New York City , and remedies to help stop the fiscal bloodletting may range from thousands of layoffs to service cuts to a sales - tax increase , " To even think of funding college programs for prisoners is insane at this moment in time .
This is where those who are calling for these programs to educate prisoners must think of those who are law abiding citizens whose needs must come first and foremost by our elected officials here in NY State .
I expected that day to be especially enjoyable .
It was a holiday flight , so the 81 passengers would be relaxed , and the crew - Captain Tim Lancaster , stewards Simon Rogers and John Heward , and stewardess Sue Prince - had worked together , on and off , for years .
The only member of the crew new to us was the co-pilot , Alistair Atcheson .
The aircraft was a 43 - tonne BAC 1 - 11 , which was known as the jeep of the skies , because it was a workhorse - reliable and easy to maintain .
The flight was delayed for an hour , so I wandered up and down the plane , making sure everyone knew what was going on .
Tim made an announcement - " You 'll be pleased to know the weather is sunny and dry in Malaga and we should be on our way shortly " - then the dispatcher told us we could leave .
We did the safety briefing and Simon and I strapped ourselves into our jump seats , chatting about which team had lost at rugby the previous day .
We heard the roaring of the engines and then we were up in the air .
It was 13 minutes after take - off and we had just reached 17,300 feet , 5000 feet beneath our assigned altitude .
I went onto the flight deck and asked if they 'd like tea .
I was just stepping out , with my hand on the door handle , when there was an enormous explosion and the door was blown out of my hands .
I thought , " My God .
It 's a bomb . "
Explosive decompression made the whole cabin mist up like fog for a second - then the plane started to plummet .
I whipped round , peering through the mist , and saw the front windscreen had disappeared and Tim , the pilot , was going out through it .
He had been sucked out of his seatbelt and all I could see were his legs .
I jumped over the control column and grabbed him round his waist to avoid him going out completely .
His shirt had been pulled off his back and his body was bent upwards , doubled over round the top of the aircraft .
His legs were jammed forward , disconnecting the autopilot , and the flight door was resting on the controls , sending the plane hurtling down at nearly 643 km / h through some of the most congested skies in the world .
Everything was being sucked out of the aircraft : even an oxygen bottle that had been bolted down went flying and nearly knocked my head off .
I was holding on for grim death but I could feel myself being sucked out too .
John rushed in behind me and saw me disappearing , so he grabbed my trouser belt to stop me slipping further , then wrapped the captain 's shoulder strap around me .
Luckily , Alistair , the co-pilot , was still wearing his safety harness from take - off , otherwise he would have gone , too .
The aircraft was losing height so quickly that the pressure soon equalised and the wind started rushing in - at 627 km / h and - 17C .
Paper was blowing round all over the place and it was impossible for Alistair to hear air - traffic control .
We were spiralling down at 80 feet per second with no autopilot and no radio .
I was still holding on to Tim but the pressure made him weigh the equivalent of 226 kilograms .
It was a good thing I 'd had so much training at rugby tackles , but my arms were getting colder and colder and I could feel them being pulled out of their sockets .
Simon came rushing through and , with John , managed to unwrap Tim 's legs and the remains of the doors from the controls , and Alistair got the autopilot back on .
But still he continued to increase speed , to lessen the risk of a mid-air collision and to get us down to an altitude where there was more oxygen .
He dived to 11,000 feet in two - and - a - half minutes , then finally got the speed down to 300 km / h .
I was still holding Tim , but my arms were getting weaker , and then he slipped .
I thought I was going to lose him , but he ended up bent in a U - shape around the windows .
His face was banging against the windscreen with blood coming out of his nose and the side of his head , his arms were flailing and seemed about 1.8 metre long .
Most terrifyingly , although his face was hitting the side screen , his eyes were wide open .
I 'll never forget that sight as long as I live .
I could n't hold on any more , so Simon strapped himself into the third pilot 's seat and hooked Tim 's feet over the back of the captain 's seat and held on to his ankles .
One of the others said : " We 're going to have to let him go . "
I said : " I 'll never do that . "
I knew I would n't be able to face his family , handing them a matchbox and saying : " This is what is left of your husband . "
If we'd let go of his body , it might have got jammed in a wing or the engines .
I left Simon hanging on to Tim and staggered back into the main cabin .
For a moment , I just sat totally exhausted in a jump seat , my head in my hands , then Sue came up to me , very shaken .
In front of all the passengers , I put my arms around her and whispered in her ear : " I think the Captain 's dead . "
But then I said : " Come on , love , we 've got a job to do . "
By now , Alistair was talking to air - traffic control , who were talking him through landing at Southampton airport .
All pilot training is done on the basis of two pilots , one to fly and one doing the emergency drill , but Alistair was alone , with a crew he did n't know and relying entirely on memory , because all the manuals and charts had blown away .
He asked for a runway of 2500 metres because he was worried that the plane was so heavy with fuel , a tyre would burst or it would go off the runway , but they said all they could offer was 1800m .
Over the intercom he told the passengers we 'd lost the windscreen .
Some of them could see Tim out of the window but the cabin was silent as the grave .
We walked up and down , preparing the passengers for an emergency landing .
People gasped as they saw the blood on my face .
The place was very shuddery , very rocky .
I remember one man at the very back , with a little baby on his knee , saying to me : " We 're going to die , " and I said : " No , we are not , " lying through my teeth .
All I could see out of the windows was a line of trees , and I thought we 'd either smash into those or into the housing estate beyond .
I had a partner , Jean , and a stepson , Jamie , but I was thinking most about my mum .
She 'd lost my brother in a car crash the year before , and I could n't bear to think how she 'd take the news .
But , in spite of everything , Alistair did the most amazing landing , what we call a greaser - completely smooth and stopping the aircraft only three - quarters of the way down the runway .
There was n't even any need to use the emergency chutes .
We got all the passengers down the steps in an orderly fashion , although I did have to shout at a couple of people who were trying to get their handbags from the lockers .
The whole time from the explosion to the landing had been 18 minutes , but it seemed like hours .
I got back on board to check everyone had left .
The paramedics had Tim in the cockpit on a stretcher and I went in to see him .
He was lying there , covered in blood , but to my amazement I heard him say : " I want to eat . "
I just exclaimed : " Typical bloody pilot . "
Luckily , he'd been in a coma throughout the ordeal , his body had just shut down .
I went out onto the front steps , and shouted at the others " He 's alive ! " and then I cried my eyes out .
We learned that all but six of the passengers were still going to travel on to Malaga that afternoon .
John and I went into the departure area to see them .
I applauded them and they applauded us .
I said : " I 'm sorry , do n't fly British Airways again . "
I was left with a dislocated shoulder , a frostbitten face and some frostbite damage to my left eye that still persists .
Amazingly ,
Tim only suffered from frostbite , fractures in his arm and wrist and a broken thumb .
Within five months he was flying again and today he's a pilot for easyJet .
Alistair and John are still with BA , but Sue and Simon no longer fly .
My mother and I went on a round - the - world trip and I was back at work by October , but it was never the same .
I started getting spots all over my body .
In February , I had to be hospitalised with psoriasis brought on by post - traumatic stress .
It made it difficult for me to work with people as it was so unsightly , and then I started to have a problem with alcohol as well .
I used to love going into work - now I hated it .
In 1992 , a report was published about the accident .
It turned out that a BA engineer , working under pressure , had fitted a new windscreen with bolts that were too small .
I was absolutely livid , and withdrew into myself .
It took us nine years of fighting to get some small compensation from the airline .
Eventually , in 2001 , I took early retirement on grounds of ill health .
Now I 'm a night watchman at a Salvation Army hospital .
This was the fourth time in my career that I had laid my life on the line .
There had been an incident leaving Gerona in a thunderstorm , when we found ourselves flying at only 2000 feet above mountains .
Another time , the engine blew out on take - off from Perth and we nearly hit a pylon ; a third time a hold door fell out just as we were coming off the ground at Zurich .
Some people tell me I must be jinxed to have had so many bad experiences .
But I think it 's amazing I 've been through all this and am still alive .
I 'm not jinxed , I 'm a survivor .
- Sunday Telegraph
At the time of this writing , the natural gas crisis in Europe is entering its 13th day .
While the topic has only penetrated the Western mind as an issue in recent years , Russia and Ukraine have been spatting about the details of natural gas deliveries , volumes , prices and transit terms since the Soviet breakup in 1992 .
In the end , a deal is always struck , because Russia needs the hard currency that exports to Europe ( via Ukraine ) bring , and Ukraine needs natural gas to fuel its economy .
But in recent years , two things have changed .
First , Ukraine 's Orange Revolution of 2004 brought to power a government hostile to Russian goals .
Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko would like to see his country integrated into the European Union and NATO ; for Russia , such an evolution would be the kiss of death .
Ukraine is home to most of the infrastructure that links Russia to Europe , including everything from pipelines to roads and railways to power lines .
The Ukrainian and Russian heartlands are deeply intertwined ; the two states ' industrial and agricultural belts fold into each other almost seamlessly .
Eastern Ukraine is home to the largest concentration of ethnic Russians and Russian speakers anywhere in the world outside Russia .
The home port of Russia 's Black Sea Fleet is at Sevastopol on Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula , a reminder that the Soviet Union 's port options were awful — and that Russia 's remaining port options are even more so .
Ukraine hems in the south of European Russia so thoroughly that any hostile power controlling Kiev could easily threaten a variety of core Russian interests , including Moscow itself .
Ukraine also pushes far enough east that a hostile Kiev would sever most existing infrastructure connections to the Caucasus .
Simply put , a Ukraine outside the Russian sphere of influence transforms Russia into a purely defensive power , one with little hope of resisting pressure from anywhere .
But a Russified Ukraine makes it possible for Russia to project power outward , and to become a major regional — and potentially global — player .
The second change in recent years is that Russia now has an economic buffer , meaning it can tolerate a temporary loss in natural gas income .
Since Vladimir Putin first came to power as prime minister in 1999 , every government under his command has run a hefty surplus .
By mid-2008 , Russian officials were regularly boasting of their $ 750 billion in excess funds , and of how Moscow inevitably would soon become a global financial hub .
Not surprisingly , the 2008 - 2009 recession has deflated this optimism to some extent .
The contents of Moscow 's piggy bank already have dropped by approximately $ 200 billion .
Efforts to insulate Russian firms and protect the ruble have taken their financial toll , Russia 's 2009 budget is firmly in deficit , and all talk of a Russian New York is on ice .
But Russia 's financial troubles pale in comparison to its neighbors ' problems — not in severity , but in impact .
Russia is not a developed country , or even one that , like the states of Central Europe , is seriously trying to develop .
A capital shortage simply does not damage Russia as it does , say , Slovakia .
And while Russia has not yet returned to central planning , rising government control over all sources of capital means the Russia of today has far more in common economically with the Soviet Union than with even the Russia of the 1990s , much less the free - market West .
In relative terms , the recession actually has increased relative Russian economic power — and that says nothing about other tools of Russian power .
Moscow 's energy , political and military levers are as powerful now as they were during the August 2008 war with Georgia .
This is a very long - winded way of saying that before 2004 , the Russian - Ukrainian natural gas spat was simply part of business as usual .
But now , Russia feels that its life is on the line , and that it has the financial room to maneuver to push hard — and so , the annual ritual of natural gas renegotiations has become a key Russian tool in bringing Kiev to heel .
And a powerful tool it is .
Fully two - thirds of Ukraine 's natural gas demand is sourced from Russia , and the income from Russian natural gas transiting to Europe forms the backbone of the Ukrainian budget .
Ukraine is a bit of an economic basket case in the best of times , but the global recession has essentially shut down the country 's steel industry , Ukraine 's largest sector .
Russian allies in Ukraine , which for the time being include Yushchenko's one - time Orange ally Yulia Timoshenko , have done a thorough job of ensuring that the blame for the mass power cuts falls to Yushchenko .
Facing enervated income , an economy in the doldrums and a hostile Russia , along with all blame being directed at him , Yushchenko's days appear to be numbered .
The most recent poll taken to gauge public sentiment ahead of presidential elections , which are anticipated later this year , put Yushchenko's support level below the survey 's margin of error .
Even if Yushchenko's future were bright , Russia has no problem maintaining or even upping the pressure .
The Kremlin would much rather see Ukraine destroyed than see it as a member of the Western clubs , and Moscow is willing to inflict a great deal of collateral damage on a variety of players to preserve what it sees as an interest central to Russian survival .
Europe has been prominent among these casualties .
As a whole , Europe imports one - quarter of the natural gas it uses from Russia , and approximately 80 percent of that transits Ukraine .
All of those deliveries now have been suspended , resulting in cutoffs of various degrees to France , Turkey , Poland , Germany , Italy , Hungary , Romania , Austria , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Slovenia , Greece , Croatia , Macedonia , Bosnia , Serbia and Bulgaria — in rough order of increasing severity .
Reports of both mass power outages and mass heating failures have been noted in the countries at the bottom half of this list .
A variety of diversification programs have put Europe well on its way to removing its need for Russian natural gas entirely , but these programs are still years from completion .
Until then , not much can be done for states that use natural gas for a substantial portion of their energy needs .
Unlike coal , nuclear energy or oil , natural gas can be easily shipped only via pipeline to previously designated points of use .
This means the decision to link to a supplier lasts for decades and is not easily adjusted should something go wrong .
Importing natural gas in liquid form requires significant skill in cryogenics as well as specialized facilities that take a couple of years to build ( not to mention a solid port ) .
Alternate pipe supply networks , much less power facilities that use different fuels , are still more expensive and require even more time .
All European countries can do in the immediate term is literally rely upon the kindness of strangers until the imbroglio is past or a particularly creative solution comes to mind .
( Poland has offered several states some of its share of Russian natural gas that comes to it via a Belarusian line . )
Some Central European states are taking the unorthodox step of recommissioning mothballed nuclear power plants .
Because Russia 's goal in all this is to crack Kiev , there is not much any European country can do .
But one nation , Germany , is certainly trying .
Of the major European states , Germany is the most dependent upon Russian resources in general , and energy in particular .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Putin spent three nights this past week on the phone with each other discussing the topic , and the pair has a two - day summit set for later this week .
The Germans have three primary reasons for cozying up to the Russians at a time when it seems they should be as angry as anyone else in Europe .
First , because most of the natural gas Germany gets from Russia passes not through Ukraine , but through Belarus — and because the Russians have not interrupted these secondary flows — the Germans desperately want to avoid rocking the boat and politicizing the dispute any more than necessary .
The Germans need to engage the Russians in discussion , but unlike most other players , they can afford not to be accusatory , because they have not been too deeply affected so far .
( Like all the other Europeans , the Germans are working feverishly to diversify their energy supplies away from Russia , but while Berlin can keep the lights on , it does n't want to ruffle any more feathers than it needs to . )
Second , as any leader of Germany would , Merkel recognizes that if current Russian - Western tensions devolve into a more direct confrontation , the struggle would be fought disproportionately with German resources — and perhaps even on German soil .
Germany is the closest major power to Russia and would therefore be the focus of any major action , Russian or Western , offensive or defensive .
France , the United Kingdom and the United States enjoy the buffer of distance — and in the case of the last two , a water buffer to boot .
German national interest , therefore , is not to find a way to fight the Russians , but to find a way to live with them .
Germany traditionally has been Russia 's largest trading partner .
Every time the two have clashed , it has been ugly , to say the least .
In the German mind , if Ukraine ( or perhaps even adjusting the attitude of Poland ) is what is necessary to make the Russians feel secure , so be it .
Third , Germany has a European angle to think about .
To put it bluntly , Merkel is always on the lookout for any means of easing Germany back into the international community with a foreign policy somewhat more sophisticated than the " I 'm sorry " that has reigned since the end of World War II .
After the war , France successfully hijacked German submission and used German economic strength to achieve French political desires .
Since the Cold War 's end , Germany has slowly wormed its way out of that policy straitjacket , and the natural gas crisis raises an interesting possibility .
If Merkel 's discussions with Putin result in restored natural gas flows , then not only will Russia see Germany as a partner , but Germany might win goodwill from European states that no longer have to endure a winter without heat .
Still , it will be a tough sell : the European states between Germany and Russia have always lived in dread that one power or the other — or , God forbid , both — will take them over .
But Germany is clearly at the center of Europe , and all of the states affected by the natural gas crisis count Germany as their largest trading partner .
If Merkel can muster sufficient political muscle to complement Germany 's economic muscle , the resulting image of strength and capability would go a long way toward cementing Berlin 's re-emergence .
An earlier version of the weekly , which was mailed to customers , omitted Slovakia and Slovenia from the list of countries affected by the cutoff .
The reddish - brown scorch marks are still visible on the roofs and cream - colored stucco walls .
Villagers here in this southern Gaza farm town say their neighborhood was showered with hundreds of chunks of burning white phosphorus , a controversial substance commonly used as a smoke screen to cover troop movements , over a three - day Israeli incursion in Khozaa last month .
Majid Najar said the phosphorus started fires all around the home where he had taken shelter along with 20 relatives .
He said he was next door helping evacuate a pair of elderly neighbors when he felt the impact of something striking his home .
An empty shell casing had punched through the building ’s roof and an interior wall , striking his wife , Hannan , in the chest and killing her immediately .
Advertisement
On Jan. 24 , a research team from Human Rights Watch visited Khozaa .
Researcher Marc Garlasco , a weapons expert , examined the markings on the artillery shell that killed Hannan Najar .
“ This is clearly white phosphorus , ” said Garlasco , a former Defense Intelligence Agency official .
“ See those markings ?
PB .
This was made in Pine Bluff , Arkansas . ”
In the streets and yards around Najar ’s home , Garlasco found remnants of several more phosphorus shells .
Khozaa , he concluded , had seen the heaviest use of the controversial munitions in the three - week Israeli offensive .
Garlasco reconstructed the X - shaped tray that holds 160 phosphorus wafers per shell .
When the tray ejects , the wafers disperse over a 150 - to 250 - yard radius , depending on the height of the airburst .
Advertisement
The burning phosphorus puts out a dense white fog and causes intense chemical burns if it comes in contact with human skin .
Its use as an offensive weapon in residential areas is internationally banned .
Israel is n’t a signatory to the phosphorus treaty , but in response to questions from The Times , the Israeli military released a statement saying that it “ only uses weapons permitted by law . ”
The statement said , “ In response to the claims of NGOs and claims in the foreign press relating to the use of phosphorus weapons , and in order to remove any ambiguity , an investigative team has been established in the Southern Command to look into the issue . ”
Amnesty International has declared Israel ’s use of white phosphorus in Gaza “ indiscriminate ” and a war crime .
Human Rights
Watch is still preparing its report on the conflict , but the group ’s senior emergencies researcher , Fred Abrahams , said firing phosphorus shells in a populated area “ is inherently indiscriminate because it spreads over such a wide area . ”
Advertisement
--
ashraf.khalil@latimes.com
In " Assassin 's Creed 2 , " you play as Ezio Auditore da Firenze , a man who swears to get revenge on those responsible for murdering his brother and father .
His quest leads him to become part of an ancient order of assassins .
During the game , you are presented with many types of missions .
Story missions advance the quest and lead Ezio closer to the truth .
Once completed , you cannot play these missions again .
Side missions , such as races and assassinations , are re-playable , however .
Complete a side mission to add it to your Secondary Memories list .
Side missions are marked by various icons on your map .
Pause the game and select " DNA . "
Scroll to and select " Secondary Memories . "
Use the directional pad to scroll through all of your completed missions .
Select the desired mission to replay it .
The army says it means to " eradicate " the Tamil rebels
Sri Lanka 's government has denied Red Cross and UN reports of a major humanitarian crisis in the north , where troops are fighting Tamil Tiger rebels .
Defence Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa told the BBC that he had a policy of " zero " civilian casualties .
The Red Cross believes that hundreds of civilians have been killed and hundreds of thousands more are trapped .
With aid supplies mostly blocked , the UN plans to make a new bid on Thursday to evacuate badly injured civilians .
It will be the second time in three days that a United Nations convoy , trapped in the town of Puthukkudiyiruppu , will attempt to reach hundreds of critically wounded civilians , including at least 50 seriously injured children , the UN said from Colombo .
It is seeking permission from the Tamil Tigers to cross the front line during a lull in fighting and ferry the injured to Ministry of Health hospitals in Vavuniya that can cope with their wounds .
India has sought assurances that civilians trapped by the fighting in northern Sri Lanka will be protected .
At a meeting , Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee urged Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa - the defence secretary 's brother - to expand " safe zones " for those displaced .
' Exaggeration '
Gotabhaya Rajapakse said both the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) and UN were wrong about the situation in the north .
He also ruled out any ceasefire for humanitarian reasons , saying it would give the Tigers a chance to reorganise .
" The purpose of this offensive is to eradicate them , " he said .
The military say they are involved in a final push against retreating rebels .
Moving north from the captured rebel town of Mullaitivu , they are trying to secure the north - east coastline to encircle the rebels and say they hope to control the entire north within weeks .
The ICRC said earlier that hundreds of civilians had been killed and a quarter of a million people were trapped by the fighting .
The ICRC based its figure of dead on body counts by its staff in local hospitals .
It called on the government troops and rebels to allow immediate and free access to the combat zone for humanitarian workers .
But Sri Lanka 's Ministry of Disaster Management and Human Rights said it was the rebels who were preventing the evacuation of civilians , not government forces .
It accused the Tigers of bombarding and killing civilians and suggested the Red Cross suffered from " either wilful ignorance or naivete " when it accused both sides of endangering civilians .
Who in their right mind would dare hack a construction sign with zombie warnings ?
Well , apparently some people in Austin — probably some pesky University of Texas students according to a local traffic controller :
Jones , who has one of only two keys to the locked access panels on the portable signs , said that the hacker broke into the panels on each sign and bypassed the passwords before leaving five different zombie messages and even changing one of the passwords .
Jones said he had to wait until 8 a.m. to call the manufacturing company to figure out how to override the hacker 's work .
Advertisement
OK OK , but here 's the punchline :
He speculated that the hacker could be a computer genius from UT .
Yes , kids .
You too can be a computer genius .
[ Statesman and No Fear of the Future ]
The latest photo of Fidel Castro emerged earlier in February Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says former Cuban leader Fidel Castro , not seen in public for nearly three years , has been for a walk in Havana .
Mr Chavez , who visited Cuba a week ago , said in comments carried by Venezuelan state TV that Mr Castro had seemed in " very , very good " shape .
Media in Cuba have neither reported nor confirmed Mr Chavez 's tale .
Mr Castro , 82 , has not made a public appearance since undergoing gastric surgery in July 2006 .
He handed over presidential duties in 2006 , and formally announced his retirement as president in February 2008 , allowing his younger brother Raul to take over as head of state .
The BBC's Michael Voss , in Havana , says it is not unusual for updates on Fidel Castro 's health to come from abroad .
Of course he [ Fidel Castro ] planned it all so there would n't be any record of it or anything
Hugo Chavez
Venezuelan president
The last photos of him to emerge were released in Chile , following a visit to Cuba by Chilean President Michelle Bachelet , our correspondent says .
In those images the former Cuban leader looked stronger than before and appeared to have gained some weight , he adds .
Speaking on Friday in Caracas , the Venezuelan capital , Mr Chavez said : " Fidel surprised us all .
" He went for a walk .
Fidel went out and they saw him ...
Fidel walking through Havana , through the streets .
A miracle .
The people were crying .
" Of course he planned it all so there would n't be any record of it or anything , " Mr Chavez added .
" There 's a photo that I 've seen , and in that sense I feel humbly privileged . "
There was no mention of when the walk took place .
The Venezuelan leader also said Fidel Castro this week sent him a letter in which he said he had walked " far " , aiming to visit trees he planted 40 years ago in farm experiments in the early days of Cuba 's revolution .
Mr Chavez said he had met Fidel Castro for three hours on 20 February and for four hours a day later .
The two men discussed the global economic crisis and the new administration of US President Barack Obama , the Venezuelan government said .
Rumours about the extent of Mr Castro 's health problems were fuelled in January , when he did not appear in public for celebrations marking the 50th anniversary of Cuba 's revolution .
The non-appearance fuelled suspicions that his health had deteriorated badly .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cute things to say to boyfriend or husband - some naughty , some nice .
Let him know that his is special to ...
Jennifer Hudson Will Sing at the Super Bowl
In the aftermath of the brutal murders of three of her family members , singerhas been staying out of the spotlight and giving herself time to grieve .
This is about to change because the NFL has confirmed that on February 1st , Hudson will sing the National Anthem at the Super Bowl .
It sounds like things will go back to full swing for Jennifer , who then will perform at the Grammy MusiCares event a few days later .
As for the future of her brother in - law William Balfour , his arraignment is scheduled for January 20th .
He has been charged with the murders of Jennifer Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew .
One thing is certain - Hudson has the world standing behind her and wishing her well .
Photo : Wenn
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A rollerblading Belfast pensioner has been fined £ 300 after he was filmed skating along a street in England .
Geoff Dornan , 71 , now living in Ormskirk , Lancashire , was caught on CCTV skating through Chapel Street in Southport in October 2008 .
He said it was to keep fit , but Sefton Council said his rollerblading was a nuisance and a danger to the public .
Mr Dornan was found guilty on two counts of breaching a by - law but has since lodged an appeal .
I think people suspect that I am more dangerous than I am
Geoff Dornan
He was also ordered to pay £ 1,800 costs , but the fines were suspended after Andrew Scott , defending , said an appeal notice had been handed to the prosecution .
The appeal case will be heard at a crown court at a later date .
In his defence , Mr Dornan , a retired youth worker , told the court he took up rollerblading seven years ago as a way of keeping fit .
He said he enjoyed skating down the town 's main street as he enjoyed moving to the music from buskers , but he insisted that he always gave right of way to pedestrians .
He also told the court he tried to give people as much space as possible and used his rollerblades responsibly .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said : " The reason I do the skating is primarily for my health benefit .
" I think people suspect that I am more dangerous than I am . "
But the council said he was contravening a by - law which forbids skating on Chapel Street .
The by - law states that " no person shall skate , slide or ride on rollers , skateboards or other self - propelled vehicles in such a manner as to cause danger or annoyance " .
Chairman of the bench , Fraser Wallace , said : " We find the manner of your skating put pedestrians at risk and exposed them to harm . "
He said it was clear Chapel Street was not meant to be used as a " skate park " and said Dornan 's behaviour " causes a danger " to the public .
You can listen to an interview with Geoff Dornan on Radio Ulster 's Good Morning Ulster programme after 0800 GMT on Wednesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Briefly touched upon last week when the final batch of Prop 8 donor names unfurled , Utah citizens and the LDS Church spent more on getting Prop. 8 passed than previously known .
According to the Salt Lake Tribune :
Utahans and the LDS Church spent significantly more than previously reported on last - minute efforts to push passage of California 's ban of same - sex marriage , newly filed financial disclosures show .
Donations from as many as 1,025 individual and businesses in Utah to both sides of the Proposition 8 campaign totaled about $ 3.8 million , according to new filings with California 's secretary of state , with more than 70 percent going to groups supporting the successful measure .
This is unnerving .
And , most disconcerting , not at all surprising .
The California State Supreme court will begin hearing arguments on Prop 8 starting March 5 .
Be sure to watch it all go down at 9am on the California Channel .
( Also , hey , no way , we have a California Channel !
Who knew ? )
Check out Stop8.org for comprehensive coverage about civil marriage equality in California .
Wacky — and maybe financially beneficial — blast from the past : one anonymous nut on a Google Finance message board correctly predicted the day of the crash of 2008 .
Now that dude has another prediction , exclusively for you !
This guy nailed the September 15 , 2008 market crash way back in July .
Of course , he also attributed it all to a shady Catholic group called Legatus that controls the world , but that 's a small matter .
Money is money .
Now he has identified himself , and he emails us this news :
February 09 2009 100 % sure thing market begins huge downfall
Do not say we did n't warn you .
[ Previously ]
A computer game in which players compete to rape women and get them to abort their babies has been pulled from sale on Amazon.com .
Rapelay , a Japanese " rape simulation " game which revolves around the premise of " hunting " down and raping a single mother and her two daughters , had been available via the online retailer 's US site until an investigation by the Belfast Telegraph drew attention to it yesterday .
One website review of the PC game describes " tears glistening in the young girl 's eyes " as she is attacked in graphic detail .
In the game , players begin stalking a mother on a subway station before violently raping her .
They then move on to attack her two daughters , described as virgin schoolgirls .
Players are also allowed to enter " freeform mode " where they can rape any woman and get other male game characters to join the attacks , the Belfast Telegraph reported .
Pregnancy and abortion are listed as " key features " .
One review said : " If she does become pregnant you 're supposed to force her to get an abortion , otherwise she gets more and more visibly pregnant each time you have sex .
" If you allow the child to be born then the woman will throw you in front of a train ! "
The game 's producer , Illusion , is a Japanese company famous for making similar 3D Hentai games .
Labour MP Keith Vaz said he was shocked that Amazon let people purchase the game and plans to raise the issue in Parliament after being contacted by the Belfast Telegraph website .
Mr Vaz said : " It is intolerable that anyone would purchase a game that simulates the criminal offence of rape .
" To know that this widely available through a major online retailer is utterly shocking .
I do not see how this can be allowed .
" I will be raising this matter in Parliament and hope that action is taken to prevent the game from being sold . "
Amazon.com stopped selling the game and removed its sale page from its website .
Patricia Smith , a spokeswoman for Amazon.com , said : " The game was listed for sale by a private seller via a third party website and not Amazon directly .
We have guidelines for all sellers and the vast majority of people abide by them .
As soon as we were made aware that this game was listed , we realised that it was inappropriate and immediately took down the page . "
She added that there were millions of private sellers on Amazon and it was not company policy to vet them individually before they started selling .
" In short , whatever views may be held as to the continuing threat made by the US Government to prevent a short summary of the treatment of Mohamed being put into the public domain by this court , it would not , in all the circumstances we have set out and in the light of the action taken , be in the public interest to expose the UK to what the Foreign Secretary still considers to be the real risk of the loss of intelligence so vital to the safety of our day - to - day life . "
Rory Cellan- Jones
I 'm not entirely sure that Chis DeWolfe enjoyed our encounter at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona .
The affable American , co-founder and chief executive of MySpace , was jet - lagged , having stepped off a flight from Los Angeles that morning into a punishing schedule of interviews and the launch of a new mobile offering .
Then I arrived to interview him for radio - and to point a video camera at him for this blog :
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
I spent half an hour suggesting that MySpace just was n't cool any more .
To his credit , he did n't lose his cool - just kept on insisting I was wrong to suggest that he'd been left standing by Facebook .
There are all sorts of ways of comparing the audiences of social networking sites .
I quoted Nielsen figures , showing that Facebook 's global users now numbered 110 million , compared with the 83 million using MySpace .
Chris DeWolfe punched back with figures showing MySpace had 76 million US users and 135 million worldwide , but the number he was really keen on was one from Comscore showing the average MySpace user in the US spent 266 minutes on the site each month , around 100 minutes more than Facebook users .
But whatever you think of Nielsen or Comscore the trend seems clear - Facebook has been gaining on MySpace , particularly outside the US , and looks to be the social network with momentum behind it .
Ah , but here 's the key difference , according to Mr De Wolfe - MySpace makes money .
Good point .
From the start , the site was focussed on profits and once it joined Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp stable , telling the boss it was all about eyeballs , not the bottom line , was never going to wash .
So MySpace 's CEO says it has been profitable throughout its history - and he reckons it is the only social network making money .
In its most recent results , however , News Corp reported a drop in revenues from the division which includes MySpace , blaming it partly on the cost of launching the social network 's new music offering .
Like almost every Web 2.0 company , MySpace depends almost entirely on advertising for revenues and , whatever anyone said a few months ago , online advertising is n't recession - proof .
" It 's certainly got softer " was how Chris DeWolfe described the advert market , but maintained that his business was holding up better than others .
Fashion , however , is everything in this area .
The first social network to take off in the UK was Friends Reunited , which ITV bought for £ 120 million in 2005 , when it was already going out of fashion , and is now apparently trying to offload for a lot less .
I 'm too old to tell whether MySpace has lost the cool factor but a teenager of my acquaintance was pretty forthright in his verdict : " It 's dead .
Nobody I know uses it any more . "
But at least it discovered a business model before the bad times came - unlike some networks that are seeing tremendous growth in traffic but have precious little revenue to show for it .
As Chris DeWolfe said , gathering himself for a punchy soundbite at the end of our radio interview : " Time will tell whether they can figure out how to make money - we have . "
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Drugs for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder can cause children to have hallucinations even when taken as directed , U.S. government researchers said on Monday .
U.S. Food and Drug Administration researchers analyzed data from 49 clinical studies conducted by makers of the drugs and found they can cause psychosis and mania in some patients , including some with no obvious risk factors .
In some cases , children hallucinated that worms , bugs or snakes were crawling on them .
“ Patients and physicians should be aware of the possibility that psychiatric symptoms consistent with psychosis or mania ” might arise in the course of treatment , Dr. Andrew Mosholder and colleagues wrote in the journal Pediatrics .
Their analysis provides fresh detail about known risks of the drugs , which include Novartis AG ’s Ritalin and Focalin XR , Shire Plc ’s Adderall XR and Daytrana patch , Johnson & Johnson ’s Concerta , Eli Lilly and Co ’s Strattera and Celltech Pharmaceuticals Inc ’s Metadate CD .
It also includes data on Cephalon Inc ’s modafinil , sold as Provigil , a narcolepsy drug that was rejected as an ADHD treatment in children .
FDA spokeswoman Sandy Walsh said the data formed the basis for recent warnings about psychiatric side effects that have been added to product labels in recent years .
Millions of children use drugs to treat symptoms of ADHD , which affects about three to seven percent of U.S. children .
ADHD is marked by restlessness , impulsiveness , inattention and distractibility that can interfere with a child ’s ability to pay attention in school and maintain social relationships .
“ The numbers of cases of psychosis or mania in pediatric clinical trials were small , ” Mosholder and colleagues wrote .
“ However , we noted a complete absence of such events with placebo treatments . ”
In one account , they described a 7 - year - old girl who took an 18 mg dose of Strattera or atomoxetine who started talking nonstop within hours of taking her first dose .
“ Two hours after taking her second dose of atomoxetine , the patient started running very fast , stopped suddenly , and fell to the ground .
The patient said she had ‘ run into a wall ’ ( there was no wall there ) , ” they wrote .
“ These adverse side effects are rare , ” said Dr. Harold Koplewicz of New York University Child Study Center , who was not involved in the study , adding that they are reversible ,
“ Once you stop the medicine , the side effects go away , ” he said in a telephone interview .
He said children under age 10 are susceptible to negative drug side effects in the same way that older adults are .
“ We know that medications that affect neurochemicals in your brain to increase your attention and make you less impulsive also can have an effect on other neurochemicals in your brain that affect mood , ” he said .
Both Koplewicz and FDA researchers urged doctors to discuss the potential side effects with parents and children to help ease their anxiety if such symptoms should occur .
The beta version of Windows 7 has been widely distributed through torrents and other file sharing systems .
But now some commentators claim Microsoft deliberately allowed the package to get into the hands of pirates .
A beta edition is one which is effectively finished : in theory the only changes which would be made before the official release are to solve serious bugs which are found during the beta testing .
The beta of Windows 7 , the successor to Vista , is n't officially out until later this month ( the details will likely be announced at the Consumer Electronics Show which starts on January 7 , 2009 ) , but copies of the system have been available to illegally download since late December .
At the time of writing , one torrent site ( Mininova ) had 12,000 people downloading or sharing one copy of the software .
In theory this is bad news for Microsoft : it would represent mass piracy and lost revenue .
However , it 's led to some great publicity as those who 've downloaded the system seem pleasantly surprised with how well it works , particularly on machines which struggled with Vista .
It 's also questionable how much money Microsoft has actually lost given that many of these downloaders would have been unlikely to buy a legal copy of Windows .
While many analysts have been suspicious , Joe Wilcox of the Microsoft Watch website has outright accused Microsoft of leaking the beta itself .
" The timing is perfect , from a marketing perspective .
The leaked build hit BitTorrent sometime on Saturday , right after Christmas when the Windows geeks had nothing better to do and bloggers and journalists had nothing better to write about . "
( Source : microsoft - watch.com )
Both Wilcox and other writers have noted Microsoft does n't appear particularly concerned about the leak , though the firm does appear to suggest it came from an outside tester rather than the company itself .
( Source : dailytech.com )
The copy which is available has a built - in 30 day time limit and , unlike previous editions of Windows 7 , ' enthusiasts ' do n't seem to have found a way around this yet .
While this is pretty normal practice for test editions , it would make it possible for Microsoft to leak the software without it affecting the final product .
“ I did n’t think we ’d even be allowed to come here , ” said Ms. Dreeszen , 41 , glancing around at the shelves of fruit , whole - wheat pasta and baby food .
“ This is totally something that I never expected to happen , to have to resort to this . ”
In Lake Forest , Ill. , a wealthy Chicago suburb , a pantry in an Episcopal church that used to attract people from less affluent towns nearby has lately been flooded with people who have lost jobs .
In Greenwich , Conn. , a pantry organizer reported a “ tremendous ” increase in demand for food since December , with out - of - work landscapers and housekeepers as well as real estate professionals who have not made a sale in months filling the line .
And amid the million - dollar houses of Marin County in California , a pantry at the San Geronimo Valley Community Center last month changed its policy to allow people to stop by once a week instead of every other week , since there are so many new faces in line alongside the regulars .
“ We ’re seeing people who work at banks , for software firms , for marketing firms , and they ’re all losing their jobs , ” said Dave Cort , the executive director .
“ Here we are in big , fancy Marin County , but we have people who are standing in line with their eyes wide open , thinking , ‘ Oh , my God , I ca n’t believe I ’m here . ’ ”
The demand is not limited to pantries , which distribute groceries from food banks , supermarket surplus and individuals who donate through church or school can drives .
The number of food - stamp recipients was up by 17 percent across New York State , and 12 percent in New Jersey , in November from a year before .
When a mobile unit of the Essex County welfare office , as part of a pilot program to distribute food - stamp applications in other counties , stopped in Shop - Rite parking lots recently in Morris County , it was swamped .
“ If one of our richest counties has people signing up for food stamps who have never signed up before , that indicates the depth of this problem with the lack of food , ” said Kathleen DiChiara , executive director of Community FoodBank of New Jersey .
“ It ’s the canary in the coal mine . ”
By By Kesavan Unnikrishnan Feb 27 , 2009 in Crime
An Ethiopian refugee living in Chicago has been arrested after a letter stained with HIV - contaminated blood was sent to Obama .
The man reportedly told FBI agents that he was an admirer of Obama and was seeking help from the government .
He also wanted to get tickets to the inauguration in Washington .
According to court document , the man arrested takes drugs to treat a mental illness .
He later told FBI agents that he is " very sick with HIV " and had cut his fingers with a razor so he could bleed on the letter .
This is the second time HIV - infected blood is sent through US postal system .
The spokesman for the U.S. Postal Inspection Service , Peter Rendina To me the U.S. Postal Service is the most secure form of communication in the world .
In no way are we seeing a trend .
Saad has not yet been formally charged , but a judge has ordered a psychological assessment .
He was arrested by Chicago police in 2006 after starting a fire in the middle of a crowded intersection .
The man is identified as Saad Hussein who is in his late twenties .
He has been accused of sending blood stained letters addressed to " Barack Obama " to offices of the Illinois government in Springfield , Illinois days before Obama 's inauguration .
The man reportedly told FBI agents that he was an admirer of Obama and was seeking help from the government .
He also wanted to get tickets to the inauguration in Washington .
According to court document , the man arrested takes drugs to treat a mental illness .
He later told FBI agents that he is " very sick with HIV " and had cut his fingers with a razor so he could bleed on the letter .
This is the second time HIV - infected blood is sent through US postal system .
The spokesman for the U.S. Postal Inspection Service , Peter Rendina said : Saad has not yet been formally charged , but a judge has ordered a psychological assessment .
He was arrested by Chicago police in 2006 after starting a fire in the middle of a crowded intersection .
More about Obama , HIV , Arrest More news from obama hiv arrest
Angelina Jolie ' creeped out ' by octuplets mother after receiving letters from her - and hearing rumours of her plastic surgery
Hollywood star Angelina Jolie is said to be ' creeped out ' by octuplets ' mother Nadya Suleman after she received several admiring letters from her .
Sources close to the Tomb Raider star said the 33 - year - old Suleman had written to Jolie praising her support of children .
She is said to be irritated by Suleman - and particularly by rumours claiming the single mother had facial surgery to make her look more like her .
Has Nadya Suleman , left , had plastic surgery to make her look like Hollywood star Angelina Jolie ?
Friends of Suleman , who already had six children before giving birth to a further eight , said she had altered her appearance to look like Jolie - who herself has six children .
Suleman , who has been forced to go into hiding because of death threats since the octuplets birth , has denied having her lips plumped up and surgery on her nose .
Reports in the U.S. cited a source close to Jolie who said Suleman had sent her several letters praising her work on behalf of children 's issues and gushing about how talented she was .
Nadya , shown above introducing one of her babies to the world in an NBC interview , is said to admire the Brangelina brood , below
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie , pictured here with five of their six children , including the recently born twin , are said to have inspired Nadya to have more children
The source was quoted as saying : ' It is clear this woman needs psychological help .
' It 's one thing to clip out a celebrity 's photo from a magazine and ask your hair stylist to copy that cut .
Who has n't done that ?
' But to have a nose job , have collagen injections in your lips and start talking like Angelina - that 's over the top . '
Suleman has set up a website to solicit donations for her super - sized brood after controversy over their birth two weeks ago appears to have put many sponsors off .
The mother of all baby bumps : Miss Suleman just before the birth of her octuplets
Octuplets ' IVF doctor strikes again ... this time impregnating woman near 50 with quadruplets
The fertility doctor who helped octuplets ' mother Nadya Suleman become pregnant has given another woman in her late 40s treatment that resulted in her becoming pregnant with quadruplets , it has emerged .
The latest controversy around Dr Michael Kamrava could reignite the debate on regulations governing in - vitro fertilisation in the United States .
The unidentified woman is said to be near the age of 50 and already has three children .
She only wanted one more child , it is claimed .
Dr Michael Kamrava is at the centre of a storm regarding IVF treatment in the United States as it emerged he has impregnated another woman with quadruplets
She is five months pregnant and does not have insurance - a fact that could leave her paying thousands in medical bills under America 's private healthcare system .
She has been confined to bed rest in an LA hospital until she gives birth , expected in three or four months .
Though she refused to confirm that Dr Kamrava was her doctor , the Los Angeles Times claimed it had confirmed the information with hospital sources .
' I do think it is concerning , and dangerous , especially to the mother , ' Dr. John Jain , a fertility specialist with knowledge of the case , told the LATimes .
This 2006 video shows Dr Kamrava performing an ultrasound on Nadya Suleman during a one of her previous pregnancies , before the birth of the octuplets
' She is close to 50 , ' he continued .
' When women get to be that age , our fear is the cardiovascular complications , such as stroke or heart attack .
That 's how serious this is .'
The mother told American reporters that doctors had urged her not to talk to the media because it could exacerbate her already high - risk pregnancy .
She also claimed her circumstances were very different from Nadya Suleman's .
The woman , who works as an apartment manager , has three grown children from a previous marriage .
However when she married her second husband , a contractor in his early 30s , they decided they wanted another child .
Dr Kamrava is under investigation by U.S. authorities over the octuplets ' birth .
He has refused to comment about the births but could be struck off if an investigation finds that he breached medical guidelines on fertility treatment .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Virgin Group boss Sir Richard Branson has backed state bail - outs for failing banks but said similar rescues should not be offered to other industries .
He said the government should make sure banks kept small businesses afloat to prevent the recession having a " horrendous knock - on effect " .
But " companies need to stand on their own two feet , and the weak ones need to go to the wall " , Sir Richard said .
He said the downturn could be the worst in Virgin Atlantic 's 25 years .
Sir Richard told BBC
News that there had been four major downturns in the airline 's lifetime , adding : " I suspect this is the worst downturn that we have seen . "
" Britain is one of the worst - affected countries in the world , " he said .
" I think that the government are right in trying to make sure that the banks are secure .
" And they have got to actually go even further to make sure that those banks keep middle - sized and small companies afloat , so that it [ the recession ] does n't have a horrendous knock - on effect .
" I think they are doing the best to do that . "
The government has pumped billions of pounds into failing UK banks .
Up to 600 Virgin Atlantic jobs are at risk due to the recession But Sir Richard said he did not think there should be similar rescues for other industries .
" I do n't think they [ the government ] should go further .
" I think other companies need to stand on their own two feet , and the weak ones need to go to the wall . "
US President Barack Obama had made a mistake by bailing out more than banks , Sir Richard said .
He said that billions of dollars issued to US carmakers could have funded a revolution in the industry , setting up electric car producers .
" If they are going to spend that sort of money , do it to try to tackle climate change and start afresh . "
F1 role Sir Richard also suggested Virgin could be interested in a role in Formula One motor racing .
The UK - based Honda team , put up for sale in December , has said the Virgin Group is one of several potential buyers .
" If we are in discussions I would n't be allowed to say it because there would be some kind of clause which would prohibit me talking about it , " Sir Richard said .
" I love Grand Prix , " he added .
" I think if Bernie Ecclestone can make it more cost - effective for the likes of Virgin brand to come into that sport , and if he can champion clean motor car racing - which is possible to do by making sure all the cars run on clean fuels - then at some stage we might be interested in getting involved . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
1 . We are here at Qcon 2008 , in London .
I 'm sitting here with Joe Armstrong , designer of Erlang .
Let 's talk a little bit about Erlang , which I think is your main topic .
What 's your current involvement with Erlang ?
Today I go round and give talks about Erlang , promoting Erlang - that 's one side of what I do .
I 've written a book on that language , again a sort of promotional thing .
I think I am about 40 % author and 30 % programmer and 15 % entrepreneur , I do n't know if that 's up to 100 % , I have n't kept track , but I like writing and programming and solving problems .
I do n't like the paperwork and the business side of things , that 's boring , but technical things I like .
2 . Do you actually develop the Erlang system now ?
Who does that now ?
That is done by a group of people at Ericsson .
It is a group that maintains and supports it .
3 . Erlang has seen quite a rise in popularity , a big rise .
We always hear about the famous phone switches and I am not going to ask you about those .
Who else is using Erlang ?
What do you know about people who use Erlang ?
I know about the companies who are using it .
I do n't know so much about the individuals who are using it .
And I do n't know how many people downloaded .
When we released a new site we got 10,000 - 20,000 downloads immediately , but then people package it for their Debian and for the Mac and for things like that .
It goes through Mac ports and it goes through the Debian and I have no idea how many of the secondary takers are .
The book sells very well , so I do n't know if everybody buys the book , then goes and downloads it and tries things out .
I do have a better idea of the companies that are using it .
4 . What kind of companies ?
Can you say ?
Yes , in Sweden there are 3 companies which are using Erlang at the moment and it's a company called Kreditor , which is in financials ; there is a company called TLF , which does network management systems and there is a company Synapse , which does provisioning of mobile phones .
So they are the main Erlang companies in Sweden .
Each one of them employs about 30 people and they are probably market leading in each of their areas , very niched areas .
This kind of thing 's happening in these days , I mean Amazon using Erlang for this SimpleDB and things like that .
5 . Is that a fact ?
I believe it to be true .
I have n't talked to the person who has done it and that seems to be so circumstantial evidence that it is .
Amazon has a lot of services , they do n't say " S3 is implemented in C++ or Java " .
It 's just a service , you do n't know what it 's implemented in .
It is claimed that it is written in Erlang , so I do n't know if it 's true or not .
Certainly it has an interface that matches nicely with Erlang , so it 's probably true .
But then I do n't know .
6 . Erlang is good at concurrency , it was designed for it .
Concurrency is obviously important now with the whole hysteria about multicore and so on .
Do you know why Erlang got so popular and not other languages like ADA or OCCAM or other concurrency focused languages ?
I 've talked to Ralph Johnson and he said " You are not plugging the fact that Erlang is good at concurrency " I said " Yes , I am .
I tell people it 's good at concurrency . "
And he said " Yes , but it 's the only language that does concurrency properly . "
I said " What do you mean ? "
He said " All the others do n't do it properly . "
There is a sense in which if you can spawn or create millions of processes then you are doing concurrency properly .
If it 's limited , if you can do 10,000 or 20,000 processes , you are not doing it properly .
And most languages do n't do concurrency properly .
It 's not really baked into the language right at the bottom .
What they are using there is the concurrency of the underlying operating system .
Most languages , when you say " concurrency " you talk about a thin layer on top of the operating system .
C++ processes or threads are just mapped onto the operating system process , which is a very expensive mechanism .
In Erlang the notion of a process is part of a programming language , is not part of the operating system .
There is a fundamental difference there .
7 . Are there any theories that it 's based on ?
Like a pi-Calculus or anything like that ?
It 's not based on the pi-Calculus , it grew out of some extensions to Prolog , just adding processes and message passing to Prolog .
The theoretical basis would Actors model of computation , Carl Hewitt , and I do n't know when that was - the 70s or so .
But , if you look at concurrent languages , there are these 2 families , there is shared memory processing and there is message passing concurrency , and Erlang is a pure message passing language , which copies everything .
You could think of it like e-mail or something like that .
E-mail is something , which works with mailboxes .
You send a message , it arrives in your mailbox and it's quite easy to structure things .
If you could solve your problem by sending thousands of e-mails , then you 've written an Erlang like architecture and then you do that in the language itself .
8 . You just mentioned that Erlang grew out of Prolog , you built Erlang in Prolog , I think .
What is the general development model of Erlang ?
How does a new feature get added to the language or the system ?
I think we 'll see very few changes in the language itself .
We 'll see changes to the libraries and things like that , because now we 've got to the point where there are millions and millions of lines of legacy code , which is all tested and people do n't want to muck around with that .
I suspect there will be very few syntactic changes to the language .
You get one chance to get it right when you make it and then when there are 10 millions of line of code written , you 've blown it because you can't change it anymore - I think we are there from that point of view .
Of course , the libraries can do that .
Then you can make limited changes to the syntax , provided they are backwards compatible , do n't break o old code .
Every time you change it , you restrict your freedom even more to change it in the future .
The awkward thing is there is no good mechanism for removing old stuff .
Niklaus Wirth said ...
" People come and say to me ' Ca n't we add this to Erlang " and I say " Yes , it 's great .
What are we going to remove ? " , because I want to still keep it simple .
If you have the goal of a simple language , when you add stuff you got to take stuff out , but people are incredibly reluctant to remove stuff , because it will break all their old code and they do n't really want that - difficult !
9 . What would be some features or some changes that you would like in Erlang ?
Some changes that you would like in Erlang ?
Let 's forget the legacy code .
I would like this data structure called a HashMap , the sort of thing that you got Python and Ruby that base a lot of things on HashMaps , it 's like Erlang records , but they 're dynamic .
I would very much like to see that .
I 'd also like to see a sort of separation between the specification of something and the implementation because we have hundreds of programming languages for programming things , we do n't have any programming languages for describing protocols .
10 .
Do you mean network protocols ?
Yes .
I mean if you look at RFCs , they all define protocols in a very ad hoc manner , they never formally say " If I send you this package , you should send me one of these back " .
Something based on communicating sequential processes , Tony Hoare 's old stuff , still very good in the background , when Erlang was first designed and really a closer correspondence between CSP would be good .
Possibly some sort of notion of types , which is stronger than the dynamic type system we use would be good .
11 . What do you mean by type ?
I mean static types , Like Haskell 's got .
I think there could be subdomains where you can use static types .
13 .
Have you heard of Gilad Bracha 's optional typing ?
Is it something like that ?
I think the details would be different .
If you could do it , there is no excuse not to do it in certain areas , but then you lose these lovely beautiful generic things you can do if you go static typing .
I gave a course and there is a lovely example of - I create a server that does nothing at all - just an empty server .
It 's job is just to receive a message that contains code in it , and you just apply the code .
I think it 's funny , if you take something like Apache , you have a web server and you can plug in extended functionality , or you got an email server and you could plug it into it .
Why do n't you step back from that ?
Just make a server that does nothing at all and put a plug in that turns it into a web server , put a plug in that turns it into an email server .
A few years ago I built a generic infrastructure on Planet Lab , just put that in a server that did n't do anything , it 's only ability was to receive code and execute that code .
So " I do n't know what I am going to do with this " and then " OK , let 's turn it into a web server . "
And you send the code , and it becomes a web server .
Later you say " I do n't want to be a web server anymore , I want to be something else " .
If we were to reinvent things all over again , if you want to get a file from a remote machine , why is the protocol for FTP completely different from the protocol for HTTP ?
Why do n't we just have a simple protocol for getting and putting information ?
You only need one protocol , you do n't need to reinvent it for every single application .
In Erlang we have integrated this also , there is one way of doing messaging .
On my lecture on Friday I 've got a little example , which is ten lines of code - that 's an email server , an http server , an instant messaging thing - it just integrates everything .
Why can't you send the email to a web page .
If I got a web page and I want to change that web page , why do n't I send the email to it ?
Or why do n't I send it an instant message ?
Why do we have these different worlds ?
I do n't see this .
It 's a historical accident .
15 .
You talked about types in Erlang , which brings me to another question .
You have an Opinion on object oriented programming .
That 's an interesting thing to say in a conference like this .
You 've been reading my OOP sucks blogs .
I saw a blog yesterday , they said Erlang is actually more object oriented , truer to the spirit of pure object orientation than all object oriented languages .
You could take two views : you could say either Erlang is n't object oriented - which I used to say a few years ago - or you could say it 's more object oriented than all the object oriented languages .
Alan Kay said that he made a mistake in not really emphasizing the messaging aspect of object oriented programming .
He said in SmallTalk you talk about sending a message to an object , but you do n't , you do a function call .
I think function calls and remote procedure calls are too high - level in the sense that a function call or a remote procedure call returns to the person who made it .
If I do remote procedure call against you , I can say " Hey , do this ! " and the answer automatically comes back to me , but that 's not how we work .
I could say " You do that " and reply to this guy .
Why am I involved ?
That 's how we behave .
If you are a manager at office you say " Can you check this out ?
When you 've done it , tell this guy " .
This is just an asynchronous message passing model .
I think when you talk about object orientated programming , when you model a world , you are encouraged to think in terms of objects and I do n't see objects .
I also have what you would call the categorization problem : which object do I put my code in ?
Sorry I just do n't get this .
Let 's suppose you have a method , in SmallTalk terms , that manipulates time of a directory structure or something like that , is this a subclass of a time object or is it a subclass of a directory object ?
I do n't know .
Years ago I 've started several projects staff - file my data / my letters , physical papers and research reports and things like that .
Every time I 've done that it failed , because I get files and I put something on this line - it says " Correspondence " , " Lectures " , " Papers " .
Then I get this thing : it 's a paper , I put it in the file called papers ; this is a letter which contains a paper " Do I put it in ' Correspondence ' or do I put it in ' Lecture notes ' ? " .
It breaks down because I do n't know where to put it .
I think if you 've got objects in your function , which object do you put it in ?
I made another filing scheme , in which I just numbered everything , and I have files and I go over my office and the first file says 1 - 167 and the next file says 168 - something .
I have a single file that goes 1,2,3,4 and some text .
I use emacs to create , I use grep to search , and it's a brilliant system !
This is how we organize things in English .
We have a dictionary and when we want to know what the word means , we look it up in the dictionary .
Everything is in alphabetical order - that 's a good way to organize data .
I think object oriented programming is not a good way to organize data .
There is a principle in programming " Never write something twice " - yes , it 's a fine principle , a great principle , but let 's think about this : " How do I find the old stuff , that I am going to reuse ? "
That becomes extremely difficult , in fact , I think people have been deluded into thinking that this choice is easy .
When I started programming , there were no choices , I programmed everything in Fortran - Fortran was the only language I had on my machine .
Nowadays , some poor sod's got to choose the programming language : " Should I have Java or C# or C++ or Lua or F# or Pascal or Prologue or Erlang or Haskell ?
On what should I do it ? "
" You do n't want something in the - NET framework or a Java framework that runs on the JVM or on Mac OSX ? "
You have all these decisions , incredibly difficult to make , and then you got bosses .
You do n't write this stuff in scratch !
You got to reuse somebody else 's code .
After all that is .
Somebody else 's code does n't do exactly what you want - it does something that 's subtly different .
Then , the time taken to modify and understand this old code takes an incredible amount of time .
Have you ever sat there with code that somebody else has written and have to modify it ?
You spend hours and hours doing it .
You can't reuse object oriented code , because all the stuff it inherited has to be there as well .
You can't just take this stuff out and put it in your program cut and paste , like you did in C , or Erlang or Prologue or Perl , you got to take all the stuff it inherits from .
One of the problems I had with object oriented programming , one guy said : " You wanted a banana but what you got was a gorilla that was holding the banana and the entire jungle .
You got a lot of stuff in it and all you wanted was just a little bit of code " .
The Lisp idea - lots of little functions - ubiquitous data structures like Lists , everywhere , and lots of very small functions that work on this , that these are highly reusable .
Code that 's referentially transparent , that means if you call it twice with the same arguments , you get the same value - it 's very reusable .
To them the question is " How do we reorganize all this stuff ?
I think something like a dictionary , like the English dictionary , put in alphabetical order .
Do n't put lots of modules , just put one module !
If code is referentially transparent , it 's small functions , then it does n't belong to object .
Where does it belong ?
What is the containing object ?
There is n't one !
So , just put them all in alphabetical order and use Google to search it and you 'll find the code easily .
16 . I 'd like to talk about memory management in Erlang a little bit .
Every process in Erlang has its own memory .
How is garbage collection ?
Is Erlang garbage collected or reference counted ?
Absolutely , it 's garbage collected .
There have been different implementations that have been reference counted , so it does n't really make any difference .
The user is not supposed to know what a garbage collection is .
Each process garbage collects its own memory .
It 's not strictly real time , but because processes are small , the garbage collection time from individual processes is very quick , so each process has its own stack and heap .
17 .
That 's the big advantage compared to languages like Java which have big shared heaps , where garbage process will be very long , it can be very long ?
Yes , I mean it was written with soft real time behavior .
It 's extremely unusual that Erlang programs are bothered by garbage collection issues .
An Erlang programmer has to be aware of the fact that if they write their application as one gigantic Erlang process , the garbage collector might impinge from the other processes slightly , but it 's usually not that .
It 's so rare that I do n't think it occurs in practice .
Theoretically , it should occur , but it does n't seem to .
It 's not an issue , really .
And then of course you want to have copied all the data .
It did n't make any difference about 10 years ago but when you go to multi cores , the advantage of having a complete copy of the data , you do n't need to lock anything anymore , so everything just runs asynchronously , you got all you need to do your computations .
If you have shared memory you have to coordinate and lock it and , of course , when you lock on a multicore you have to just stop all these processes while you are gaining the lock .
I do n't understand how that works actually .
I know how Test - and - set works on one processor , but how do you generalize that ?
You stop them all , it 's a super big test Test - and - set while you are doing things - it 's very confusing what happens .
18 . Recent implementations of Erlang are now multithreaded , they can use a sort of m:n model of threading , is that right ?
Did you use processes where they usually use userspace threads ?
No , I think the current implementation takes 2 threads per core - one thread for Erlang , one for IO , because IO is asynchronous .
As far as the operating system in concerned it 's taking one process with 2 threads in it , although inside we are emulating everything that the operating system does .
We got run queues and schedulers and message passing and garbage collection .
Basically Erlang just asks the operating system for a big chunk of memory .
Of course , it uses the operating system to give it file descriptors and sockets and things like that , but the operating system is just like a device driver for sockets and file descriptors and TCP and stuff like that .
19 .
You mentioned asynchronous IO .
How do you do IO ?
Do you use non-blocking IO ?
Yes , in Erlang you have a port , you send messages and you receive messages from it and this is non-blocking and all the other processes just proceed while it 's waiting .
It 's like a fancy select and it does n't do any busy - waiting or anything else - it 's pretty efficient .
20 .
Another thing that I found interesting in Erlang is how it communicates with other languages .
I think unlike languages like Java or so that can load libraries , I think Erlang does n't do that ?
No , it does n't and that 's deliberate .
You know , there is an easy and a difficult way to connect components together , and the easy way - the prime example is the Unix pipe mechanism : you say " cat this file , pipe that , pipe that , pipe that " all written in different languages - no problem at all !
It 's completely trivial to connect the applications together .
There is a difficult way of doing that and that is the link to memory space using API - it 's appallingly difficult .
Everybody uses a difficult method of connecting stuff , not the easy method , because it creates jobs for programmers or whatever .
Now , the trouble with linking stuff into the same memory space is the accidental side effects of errors .
If you link somebody else 's code into your memory space and that code crashes , it crashes your application .
Erlang is built for fault tolerant systems and therefore it does not allow you to link anything into the same memory space .
That 's the fundamental reason why you are not allowed to link stuff into your memory space .
That means you have to go through an IO barrier , so you have to serialize everything with a socket and run it outside Erlang - that 's the reason , because people do not build libraries with the intention of running against the socket and serializing things .
But on Erlang , once you 've done this exercise of serializing everything , it means it 's network ready .
You can run your Erlang over a network and because it 's talking a few sockets , you can run your application on one machine and the foreign application that 's running on another machine just talk .
Once you 've done this exercise of serializing everything , then it becomes much easier to connect things together , but there is an additional effort in serializing things .
I just think it 's absurd how things are connected together .
I 've got some midi synthesizers at home .
Why do n't I just send a UDP packet ?
I should have a port called Violin and I 'll send the UDP packet that just contains play notes , G# " loud " and then " Play " .
I 've done music on an Apple .
Sorry Mr. Apple , but your API sucks .
I 've got this incredibly complicated API , with hundreds of things and 3 or 4 things are going to be connected in exactly the right order .
If that program crashes , it crashes any program that links its code into it .
It 's a stupid way of connecting things together .
I think you need to go back to this philosophy of Unix pipes .
When you go to a pipe , if you do " cat foo ? " you are sending character over this boundary .
In Erlang you are sending structured terms over the boundary , so if you say " a#{b , c} " , then on this side of the boundary you receive " x " a tuple .
So , you 've got this kind of built in parsing that does n't occur over a Unix socket or character stream .
Given that your processes just exchange Erlang terms , just piping them together becomes a trivial exercise .
The first thing you do when you write an Erlang program - you abstract the behavior of … something into Erlang messages .
For example , if you write a web server , you put an interface here and you say " get " - this is an Erlang term - and out comes something horrible " http1.0 " .
This is the actual protocol you see on the wire .
You put a device driver in between and that means you could write lots of different device drivers , so this could go out to be an FTP .
Remember I said " What 's the difference between FTP and HTTP ? "
You can abstract that in the device driver so you still see a uniformed message here .
You could use XML or any structured type across a boundary and you could automatically parse it , but if you used XML you'd be affected 20 times as inefficient as using Erlang , just because XML is a very verbose format .
If you have a universal messaging syntax it becomes very easy to connect things together .
21 . Is there another way to connect to other languages , like a device driver ?
Yes , there is .
If , despite all the warnings " Thou shall not link other people 's code into your code because it will crash you code if it 's wrong " , if you wish to totally ignore that and make it very efficient , you can actually link foreign code into the same memory space .
Then you can crash all Erlang processes .
Say you have a a million of processes , so suppose 5,000 of these want graphics and you crash - there is some mistake you 've linked in , some graphics package , because 5,000 programmers or processes wanted to do graphics , you crash all the other 900,000 processes who did n't want graphics .
Remember I said Erlang is much more like an operating system then a language ?
I think the analogy would be - you 'll understand why it 's very dangerous to link a graphics package into the Unix kernel , you are putting it straight into the kernel .
That means , if you make any mistakes , you crash everything .
That 's not what happens in programming languages , because you are only running one application , so it does n't matter !
If you have this model , it will only going to run it once , then it 's fine to link it in foreign code , because you crash your application , but you do n't crash millions of other instances of that application .
If you want millions of instances applications , you have to use processes - that 's what processes are for , but you can't do millions of them .
On a normal operating system you can do 2,000 processes , maybe 20,000 if you are lucky , which takes lots and lots of memory , because a process is very big .
If you want 20,000 instances of your thing , you need 20,000 processes and each one runs one instance .
If that crashes , it does n't affect the others .
If you put them in the same memory space , then you crash everything else if something goes wrong .
Erlang started off for telephony , a telephone switch might have 200,000 things going on , conversations going on .
You do n't want to crash all of them if there is a mistake in one of them , so you need a memory protection mechanism - that 's what Erlang does at a very fundamental level in the language .
23 .
Do you mean file system , access ?
Yes , things like that .
But they have to be very well tested , when you do this , the guarantees are off .
Do n't do this at home because it 's dangerous .
25 . Is this HiPE ?
Yes , this is high performance Erlang , done at the university of Upsala .
It compiles to virtual register machine instructions , which are then either interpreted or cross -compiled to native code .
26 . Is there a reason why the Erlang VM is a register machine ?
Yes , it 's better than a stack machine .
First of all , how do you make a register machine ?
- Usually first of all you make a stack machine and top of stack is always registered , you spill it , you say " Well , I 'll mirror the first 4 - 5 elements on the stack and fixed registers and then the others .
I will use a stack anyway to spill them off . "
It 's just a few stack counting the number of memory fetches and stores and memory accesses .
It 's better to have a register machine than a stack machine .
Dick Cheney ’s lawyers are asserting that the vice president alone has the authority to determine which records , if any , from his tenure will be handed over to the National Archives when he leaves office in January .
That claim is in federal court documents asking that a lawsuit over the records be dismissed .
Cheney leaves office Jan. 20 , potentially taking millions of records that might otherwise become public .
“ The vice president alone may determine what constitutes vice presidential records or personal records , how his records will be created , maintained , managed and disposed , and are all actions that are committed to his discretion by law , ” according to a Dec. 8 filing by Cheney ’s office with the U.S. District Court .
Cheney is being sued by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a watchdog group that is trying to ensure that no presidential records are destroyed or handled in a way that makes them unavailable to the public .
Advertisement
The 1978 Presidential Records
Act requires that all presidential and vice presidential records to be transferred to the National Archives immediately upon the end of the president ’s last term and charges the archivist with preserving and controlling access to presidential records .
The law allows exceptions for personal or purely party records .
National Archives officials have said records of Cheney ’s dealings with the Republican National Committee would not require preservation under the law .
As of November , it had not made a final determination on the status of Cheney ’s records produced when he acts as president of the Senate , which he says are exempt .
But the law is unclear on how disagreements will be resolved about disputed records , said Steven Aftergood , a government secrecy expert at the Federation of American Scientists .
“ Decisions that are made in the next couple of weeks may prove irrevocable .
If records are held from the archivist now , they may never be recovered , ” Aftergood said .
Advertisement
A judge in September ordered Cheney to preserve all records while the suit continued .
Amid several bellicose comments about the possibility of an impending Israeli strike against Iran Israeli Defense Ministry officials say they have been contacted by US officials who have asked them to refrain from launching any attacks against Iran until after President - elect Barack Obama takes office in January .
Likewise , the officials reportedly have cautioned Israel not to launch its long - reported ground invasion of the Gaza Strip until after the inauguration .
An Israeli attack on Iran would almost certainly be interpreted as an American attack , and would likely spark a broad war between Iran and the United States .
That prospect , with less than two months before the administration change and President Bush keeping a close eye on his legacy , seems unappealing .
The Israeli military insists that , despite reports to the contrary , it has no intentions of launching a ground invasion of the Gaza Strip any time soon .
On the other hand Israel ’s elections are scheduled for early February , and with the hawkish opposition Likud Party leading in the polls the outgoing government might gamble on its ability to reap political advantage from a dramatic move on one or both fronts .
COPENHAGEN'S winding streets and curved waterways are not obvious places to find the answers to one of finance 's most pressing questions .
Yet some argue that it was here , amid the devastation of the city 's great fire of 1795 , that a mortgage - lending model was developed that may offer a way to thaw today 's mortgage markets in America and Europe .
Denmark has not escaped the credit crunch entirely .
Its economy is contracting , house prices are falling and several of its smaller banks have been bailed out after making risky commercial loans .
Nevertheless , the country 's mortgage banks are continuing to sell bonds and issue mortgages at a pace similar to that before the credit crisis .
“ We have been issuing bonds every day , even in the worst days , ” says Henrik Hjortshoj - Nielsen of Nykredit , Denmark 's biggest mortgage lender .
“ We have n't seen lower volumes . ”
When a Danish mortgage bank grants a mortgage it is obliged to sell an equivalent bond with a maturity and cashflow that matches those of the underlying loan almost perfectly .
This may not seem very different from the “ originate - to - distribute ” securitisation models that flourished in America and parts of Europe in recent years .
But the Danish system has two characteristics that change it almost completely .
The first is that the issuers of mortgage bonds remain responsible for making payments on them .
This avoids a flaw that was so painfully exposed in America 's mortgage market : lax lending is encouraged when the link is broken between those who sell mortgages and those who bear the risk of default .
The second feature of the Danish system is that mortgage - holders can also buy the bonds in the market and use them to redeem their mortgages .
This is useful if a rise in interest rates ( or a fall in house prices ) causes mortgage - backed bonds to trade at a discount .
Redeeming their bonds allows homeowners to reduce the amount they owe .
In America , for instance , mortgage - backed securities have fallen far below their fundamental value in thinly traded markets , partly because the people who would benefit most from buying them have no mechanism to do so .
“ Everybody can buy that bond at a discount except that one guy who is most involved with the loan , the homeowner , ” says Alan Boyce , a mortgage expert who has worked with George Soros , an investor and philanthropist , on promoting the Danish model in emerging markets .
In Denmark , by contrast , a fall in the value of mortgage bonds usually encourages homeowners to snap them up to redeem their own mortgages , as is happening now .
Although this might seem to make such bonds less attractive to investors , in practice it seems to have done the opposite .
Ted Lord of Barclays Capital , an investment bank , says that Danish investors see their country 's mortgage bonds as no more risky than their government 's debt .
Regulations limit the amount that can be loaned to homeowners to no more than 80 % of the value of the home .
Denmark 's legal system also makes it easy for banks to seize the homes of defaulters .
It is not clear that the Danish model would work as well in countries where property markets are less homogenous .
But its admirers are gaining ground .
“ If you need systemic change , as I believe you do , you may as well go for something that is vastly superior , ” says Mr Soros .
Japan 's exports plunged 45.7 % in January compared with a year ago to hit the lowest figure in 10 years , official figures have shown .
Imports exceeded exports by 952.6bn yen ( $ 9.9bn ; £ 6.8 bn ) .
It is the largest gap since records began in 1980 .
Demand for Japanese cars in particular dropped by 69 % .
Trade in electronics and other goods has also slumped as global economies and consumer spending contract , pushing Japan deeper into recession .
" Japan is particularly vulnerable to this downturn because trade is so central to the economy , " World Trade Organization head Pascal Lamy told reporters on a visit to Tokyo .
Serious crisis Japanese exports to the US , where the global downturn began , fell nearly 53 % in January , while shipments to the European Union shrank by 47 % , Japan 's finance ministry said .
JAPAN CARMAKERS ' EXPORTS Toyota - down 57.1 % in January from a year earlier Honda - down 46.3 % Nissan - down 62.1 % Mitsubishi - down 77.4 % Mazda - down 72.1 % Suzuki - down 56.1 % Source : Company results
Japan carmakers ' output plummets " Exports to Asia , particularly to China , are tumbling at about the same pace as shipments to the United States , signalling that even China 's economy may be shrinking , " said Takeshi Minami , chief economist at Norinchukin Research Institute .
Exports to Asia dropped 47 % , while those to China fell 45 % .
The government said last week that Japan 's economy was in its most serious crisis since World War II , after it contracted at an annualised rate of 12.7 % in the last quarter of 2008 .
This was its worst performance in almost 35 years , officials said .
Among those hit hard by the global downturn are export - oriented Japanese electronic makers .
As well as carmakers , they have had to cut output and eliminate jobs amid a sharp drop in global demand .
Pioneer has announced 10,000 job cuts and Sony is trimming its global workforce by 8,000 positions .
Stimulus Meanwhile , Japan 's government is pushing bills through parliament to implement a stimulus plan , including a cash handout of at least $ 130 for each Japanese taxpayer , the BBC 's Roland Buerk reports from Tokyo .
But any bold moves may be difficult to push through because of the unpopularity of Prime Minister Taro Aso , our correspondent says .
US President Barack Obama and Mr Aso have agreed to work together to stimulate economic demand and fight protectionism as the latter visits the US .
The US and Japanese economies are respectively the world 's largest and second - largest .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PHP London are pleased to announce the date , venue and registration availability of their 5th annual UK PHP conference , building on the success of previous events and accommodating the continual growth of the PHP community and PHP development industry .
The event takes place on Friday 26th February 2010 at the Business Design Centre in the Islington area of London .
Information on the venue is available on our website .
Registration is now available , with an early bird discount of £ 20 putting the price at £ 100 ( ex. UK VAT ) , available for the rest of December 2009 , increasing to £ 110 during January 2010 , whilst the standard £ 120 price is available now ( for those that wish to significantly contribute towards the running of the conference ) until either the event takes place or we run out of places - so register as soon as you can to get the best price and secure your place .
Feel free to create an account on the PHP UK Conference website at and sign - up for notifications of updates to the website .
Important announcements will also be made to the PHP London announcement mailing list - sign up at http://lists.phplondon.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/phplondon-announce
- via which you may be receiving this message now , and you can also follow the conference on Twitter ( @phpukconference - # phpuk2010 ) and be a fan on Facebook .
We expect to announce the initial line up of talks and speakers before Christmas , whilst potential sponsors / exhibitors can find information at http://www.phpconference.co.uk/sponsors and contact the conference committee using the form at http://www.phpconference.co.uk/contact.
We hope to see you at the event in 2010 !
Jonathan Clarke , a senior fellow at the Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs looks back at the rise and fall of the neo-cons , who encouraged George Bush to invade Iraq .
With the Bush administration about to recede into history , a widely asked question is whether the neo-conservative philosophy that underpinned its major foreign policy decisions will likewise vanish from the scene .
Dick Cheney ( Right ) was a key ally for the neocons
The answer seems likely to be yes .
But the epitaph of neo-conservatism has been written before - prematurely , as it turned out , in the 1980s .
Having been apparently headed for extinction at the end of the Reagan administration a second generation emerged in the mid-1990s .
This was period of post - Cold War overwhelming US military dominance which the neo-cons anointed as the " unipolar moment " .
It acted as the incubator for the ideas of modern neo-conservatism .
Bold ambition
The main characteristics of neo-conservatism are : a tendency to see the world in binary good / evil terms
low tolerance for diplomacy
readiness to use military force
emphasis on US unilateral action
disdain for multilateral organisations
focus on the Middle East Prominent neo-cons destined to play a major role in the Bush Administration included Paul Wolfowitz , Douglas Feith , Elliott Abrams , David Addington and Richard Perle .
Neo-con advocates in the media included Bill Kristol and Norman Podhoretz , while in academia , Bernard Lewis and Victor Davis Hanson were among those who provided intellectual heft .
Richard Perle , Doug Feith and Paul Wolfowitz held senior positions Critics of neo-conservativism have sometimes sought to portray it as an exclusively Jewish phenomenon .
But while many of the best - known neo-cons are Jewish , this is incorrect .
In Washington DC , the favourite neo-con think tank was the American Enterprise Institute .
Here they authored a series of papers arguing for a more forceful US foreign policy , the centre - point of which was a rejection of conventional negotiations on the Palestine / Israel peace process .
Instead , they harboured the much bolder ambition of a US - instigated region - wide democratic transformation .
The first phase was the overthrow of Saddam Hussein - which , they believed , would have a sort of " demonstrator effect " on the region .
At the beginning of the Bush administration , the neo- cons ' prospects looked dim .
True , several - like Wolfowitz , Feith and Perle - obtained senior appointments , but Bush himself had promised a " humble " foreign policy , the diametric opposite of the neo-con approach .
Neither Secretary of State Colin Powell nor Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld was a neo-con .
The neo-cons did , however , find a crucial ally in Vice - President Dick Cheney .
Although not one himself , Mr Cheney was a founding signatory of the Project for the New American Century , which became the preferred forum for neo -con thinking .
A critical crossover point with the neo-cons was Mr Cheney 's commitment to the bold deployment of US military power .
His alliance with the neo-cons proved critical for them .
High - water mark
Their opportunity came with the terrorist attacks of 9/11 .
More than anyone else they had a well - prepared strategy which matched the need of the day for a bold , decisive response .
The neocons were , without doubt , the intellectual godfathers of the Iraq war
No - one else came close to them in having a ready - to - go action plan .
Suddenly , their ideas of democratic transformation looked like a reasonable policy option .
Their proposals to attack Iraq rapidly moved to centre stage .
Clearly , the neo-cons were not the only - or even the main - actors in bringing about the Iraq war .
But the key fact remains it was their ideas that ensured that the US response to 9/11 would go beyond Afghanistan .
They were , without doubt , the intellectual godfathers of the war .
The first few weeks of the war represented the high - water mark for the neo-cons .
On the battlefield , everything seemed to be going their way ; politically , their protege Ahmed Chalabi seemed on track to accede to power .
But as invasion turned into occupation and the insurgency intensified , the neo-con ideas of region - wide democratic transformation were revealed for the fantastical pipedreams they always were .
With the Bush administration ratcheting back its definitions of success in Iraq , the neo-cons were in full retreat .
They started to leave the administration , as elite and public opinion shifted decisively against the war .
Polar opposite
In many ways , the 2008 election represented a direct repudiation of the neo-con style of foreign policy based on military - centred , unilateralist overreaching .
At first sight , the incoming Obama administration appears to be the polar opposite of neo-conservatism .
Its instincts are multilateralist , being committed , for example , to adhering to the Kyoto Protocol and to international agreements like the Geneva Convention .
It places a high priority on diplomacy , with President - elect Obama being open to direct talks with long - ignored countries like Iran and Cuba .
Defense Secretary Gates , who is remaining in office , has made it clear that he regards military intervention as the genuinely last option .
Furthermore , the financial meltdown and the drains of the Iraq and Afghan wars have chipped away at the pre-eminence of US power .
It is difficult to argue today that the US enjoys a unipolar advantage .
The safest bet , therefore , is that we can bid adieu to the neo-cons and leave their role to be adjudicated by history .
The flipside of neo -conservatism is neo-humanitarianism - the idea that US military power should be used to intervene on the ground in crises like the Rwandan genocide or in Darfur
They themselves argue that they form part of the mainstream of American history .
It seems more likely that they will come to be seen as an aberration .
Two things may change this .
First , the flipside of neo-conservatism is what might be called neo-humanitarianism .
This is the idea that US military power should be used to intervene on the ground in crises like the Rwandan genocide or in Darfur .
Some Obama officials , for example Susan Rice at the UN , will be making this case .
All indications are that the Obama administration will be cautious but , if not , US unilateral military deployment may be back on the global agenda .
Secondly , the Obama administration faces unsettled business on Iran .
The neo-cons are arguing that Iran is the defining issue for US foreign policy and that , short of an abandonment by Tehran of its apparent nuclear weapons program , the US must use force .
Once again , the early signs are that , for the Obama team , military force is well down the agenda and a new form of engagement is under consideration .
Should this change - possibly on the back of intransigence from Tehran - the neo-cons will be back in business and will crow that they have survived yet another premature obituary .
Jonathan Clarke is co-author , with Stefan Halper , of America Alone : The Neo-Conservatives and the Global Order
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Skip to comments .
How the News Became Propaganda
Canada Free Press ^ | January 30 , 2009 | Judi McLeod
Posted on by NeoConfederate
The never - ending campaign of President Barack Obama finds a cornerstone in 24 - hour television network CNN .
CNN , home of Wolf Blitzer and Larry King Live among other talking heads , now leads the Newsfront Cult called Obamamania .
While the viewers of most television networks watch the news , CNN viewers wear the news :  Apparently CNN , having abandoned any effort to appear impartial , is now selling T - shirts that commemorate Obamas newborn presidency ,  reader Fred Dardick wrote in a Canada Free Press ( CFP ) letter to the editor yesterday .
CNN T - shirts include slogans such as  Obama raises hand , lifts a nation and  Obama : It s time to remake America .
 How is it possible for a major news organization to get away with this ?  asks Dardick .
 This is anti-American to the core as far as I am concerned .
CNN may as well be considered an extension of the apparently never ending Obama campaign . 
CFP would answer Dardicks question in this way : Major television networks started moving away from the delivery of the news long before Senator Barack Obama appeared on the scene .
In those days , the news was quickly morphing into --Entertainment .
During the presidential election campaign , television networks were joined by members of the print media , who jumped into the tank with Obama paving the way for the reality :  2008 the Year the Mainstream Media Died .
CNN is not only cashing in on the sales of the T - shirts , it provides tangible proof that  The News is Propaganda .
( Excerpt ) Read more at canadafreepress.com ...
TOPICS :
Culture / Society
News / Current Events
Politics / Elections
KEYWORDS :
cnn
propaganda
To : NeoConfederate
They 've got that right .
To : NeoConfederate
INTREP
by 3 posted onby LiteKeeper ( Beware of socialism in America ; the Islamization of Eurabia )
To : NeoConfederate
I want to rip my eyes out of my head and shove sharp pencils into my ears when I am trapped by involuntary CNN toxic exposure at airports .
Who in their right mind can watch CNN ?
To : NeoConfederate
To : FormerACLUmember
... now on continuous loop on the wall monitors in Hell .
by 6 posted onby RichInOC ( No ! BAD Rich !
( What 'd I say ? ) )
To : NeoConfederate
CNN and MSM have received plenty of revenue from Obama campaign ads .
It is almost like they are all paid off to sing for Obama .
They get paid enormous wages to praise Obama .
If they questioned Obama ’s qualifications , they would be fired on CNN or MSM networks .
Obama owns the MSM .
To : NeoConfederate
The " Mainstream Newsmedia " has been a Propaganda Machine for years .
This is why unscrupulous Democrat politicians ( a redundant phrase ) are determined to destroy uncensored outlets of information such as uncensored radio .
The Propaganda Machine is in their service .
This is exactly why uncensored outlets of information MUST continue to inform the public .
A truthfully informed electorate is essential to representative government , i.e. a government of the people , by the people , and for the people .
Opposition to freedom of speech , a truthfully informed electorate , and uncensored outlets of information is directly proportional to the unscrupulousness , corruption , dangerousness , cynicism , and unfitness to hold public office of the politician who advocates it .
by 8 posted onby Savage Beast ( The Left is decadence .
Hubris and denial lead to tragedy . )
To : NeoConfederate ; B4Ranch
Last night I was listening to a radio station out of Reno , Nevada .
Moveon.org and others are merely continuing the election campaign and running spots about the HORRIBLE republicans trying to destory America / Obama by their obstructing the stimulus .
Barry ’s propaganda money machine , along with the media , is going to use every resource ... and they have plenty .... to push their agenda through .
B4 ... have you heard those ads ?
by 9 posted onby AuntB ( The right to vote in America : Blacks 1870 ; Women 1920 ; Native Americans 1925 ; Foreigners 2008 )
To : FormerACLUmember
“ Who in their right mind can watch CNN ? ” I removed CNN from all the remotes in my house years ago when they broadcast a video that they bought from a terrorist sniper murdering one of our GIs .
I ’d had enough .
Took ‘em off my remote so they do n’t accidentally get watched when I channel surf .
To : laweeks
Good idea : I plan to remove CNN , MSNBC , and Headline News from my TV remote !
To : FormerACLUmember
not only airports but doctors offices , stores almost everywhere you go in
atlanta is a flatscreen tv with cnn on .
To : FormerACLUmember
“ plan to remove CNN , MSNBC , and Headline News from my TV remote ! ”
Good for you . . . they do n’t exist .
To : FormerACLUmember
We can already predict the Pro-Obama News Network ’s words .
They poke fun at the GOP and praise Obama and Democrats .
Why watch when they are not providing anything new but the same old “ We love and worship Obama ” tune ?
It is almost like they are all brainwashed talking heads , paid to promote Obama .
If this is the best the MSM can provide , there is no hope for the media ever being balanced or objective .
To : AuntB
I saw an ad , but not on a news station .
It was on a regular station & it was kids on a playground & Obama ’s voice .
I was thinking the same thing - that it was a campaign - style ad even though the election is supposedly over ...
To : JMKirnan
I do n’t know how we can even compete with their big money and the media doing their bidding .
I ’ve never seen anything like it in this country .
by 16 posted onby AuntB ( The right to vote in America : Blacks 1870 ; Women 1920 ; Native Americans 1925 ; Foreigners 2008 )
To : NeoConfederate
CNN and Time Magazine are owned and controlled by Time Warner .
by 17 posted onby TET1968 ( SI MINOR PLUS EST ERGO NIHIL SUNT OMNIA )
To : Bon mots
To : gussiefinknottle
true in Asheville NC
To : NeoConfederate
The drive - by media is now the Ministry of Information .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
1. Caracol Cream
Price : $ 79.95
( They are currently having a free trial )
Notes : Caracol Cream is relatively new in the anti-aging market , but from the results of our tests , we are not surprised to see it becoming so popular as of late .
During the ingredient analysis of Caracol Cream in our Fort Lauderdale labs , we found that Caracol Cream contains many natural anti-aging ingredients , including Allantoin , Collagen , Natural Elastins , Glycolic Acid , Anti-Biotic Peptides , Vitamins ( A , C and E ) and also A Natural Solar Filtrate .
2 ) Botox ™
Price : $ 200.00 and up
Notes : Botox does have stunning results for both men and women , to reduce wrinkles in the majority of areas .
Also known as “ dermal fillers ” , there are places all over the world , like VCI , that provide this service at various prices .
We found with our study , that for some people this is a high cost approach to fighting wrinkles .
When asked about botox , 56 % feared getting a needle in the face , while 53 % of those women who tried it claimed it was painful , and would take a different approach to fighting wrinkles .
3 ) Life Cell
Price : $ 189.99
Notes : Our runner up is Life Cell .
Clinical trial data showed that 80 % of the users experienced a 56 - 86 % visible reduction in the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles .
During the ingredient analysis of Life Cell , we found that Life Cell contains 6 natural anti-aging ingredients , including Dithiolane - 3- Pentanic Acid , Idebenone , Ascorbyl Palmitate , Deanol , Acetyl Hexapeptide - 3 .
4 ) Hydroderm™
Price : $ 79.99
Notes :
In our clinical trial , facts show that out of 100 users who tried this anti-wrinkle cream product , only 48 % of them recommended this product .
37 % of the study claimed that hydroderm left a sticky filmy surface on the skin .
Upon investigation , we discovered that this product has many ingredients not scientifically proven to help reduce wrinkles .
Distilled Water , Igepal Cephene , Methyl Paraben , Ethyl Paraben , Propyl Paraben , Butyl Paraben , Isobutyl Paraben , Synasol , Serum Protein , Purified Water , Amniotic Fluid , Placental Protein , Calfskin Extract , Hydrolyzed Collagen , Sodium Methylparaben , Imidazolidinyl Urea , Ethoxylated Glycerides , Trisodium EDTA , Potassium Sorbate , Citric Acid , Ascorbic Acid .
Continue Review The American Anti-aging Association
The Downfall of Plasma ?
The decline and fall of a technology empire ( no , not Rome )
Mockup files and design templates are often necessary to envision what a website is going to look like before turning it into something more functional .
The reason you might want this is to look at the design yourself and see if it ’s what you were considering beforehand .
Alternatively , there are typically several stakeholders involved in the design process , so you may need to show the mockups to your clients or other people in your organization .
It ’s quite common for web design templates and mockup files to come in the form of Photoshop PSD files .
The reason for this is because Photoshop has become the standard in generating templates without any problems .
Your Web Designer Toolbox Unlimited Downloads : 500,000 + Web Templates , Icon Sets , Themes & Design Assets
Starting at only $ 16.50 / month !
DOWNLOAD NOW
The only difficulty is that you have so many free resources for templates online , and many of them are n’t that friendly to work with .
Therefore , we want to put together a list of free template and mockup file resources that look beautiful but also make your job easier .
We ca n’t cover every type of website template , but we ’ll hit on the most important ones , such as portfolios , business and eCommerce websites .
The Merkury Business template is a flat , clean design that we feel would work well for businesses of all types .
There ’s a certain amount of professionalism that comes from the design , with dark blue colors and a nice menu for listing items like pricing , features and contact links .
The template could serve a wide range of industries , from tech companies to law firms .
It ’s also nice to see an area with icons and text for listing out services , features , or products .
The Fusion Portfolio template is a free mockup option for those who want to build a website focused mainly around their portfolio .
This could work well for a personal portfolio or an agency , seeing as how it ’s a beautiful one - page layout with several elements to explain detailed information about a company .
The portfolio is the primary part of the template , but you ’ll also notice a module for client logos , along with a spot to talk about the people on your team .
There ’s even a spot for including a contact form right at the bottom .
Some designers may want to create a full - fledged meeting website , or maybe a client simply needs a one - page design for organizing employee meetings .
Regardless of the reason , the Meetup landing page PSD provides a stunning design with multiple settings for adjusting the overall layout .
You can display a timer to show how much longer people have to sign up , and there ’s also a module for users to sign up with a few form fields .
Along with rows for speakers , sponsors , past events and more , the Meetup template is a great place to start for a project like this .
When developing an eCommerce website , it ’s essential to have a template that ’s broad enough to use for multiple industries , while also being easy to work with .
After all , there are lots of elements involved with a standard eCommerce store .
The Shopy PSD template provides all of those , with a beautiful white design and areas to generate mock product galleries .
Everything from banners to sales are included , and you can even make a mockup shopping cart to show your clients how the site is going to look in real life .
Here ’s a portfolio template that ’s catered more to the agencies out there .
It ’s professional , bright and packed with buttons and calls to action to help convince clients to move forward with a purchase .
The portfolio is shown as a sleek grid - based gallery , where images can be viewed right from the homepage .
There ’s also a spot to share information about employees or the people on the agency ’s team .
Along with a contact form mockup and a testimonials area , the Agency Website PSD looks like a strong contender for those building agency websites .
It ’s a good idea to have a multipurpose mockup template in your arsenal , since you can use it for a wide range of projects and clients .
The Webby PSD template does the trick , with layouts for tourism , design , exploration and more .
The template relies heavily on visuals , so if you ’re creating a portfolio , or any type of site with lots of images , this is a good choice .
A few weeks ago I did a wallpaper for the Abduzeedo 's second anniversary .
It had a very 80's style from the colors to the theme that , of course , was space .
In that image we had a sort of A of light , some nebulas and more rays of light .
I did everything in Photoshop CS4 .
So , in this tutorial I will show you how I created that image in Photoshop , it 's really simple and it uses some tricks from other tutorials such as the Retro 80's Inspiration in Pixelmator , Beautiful Fluffy Clouds in Photoshop , Space Light Effects in 10 Minutes , and others .
Step 1
Create a new document in Photoshop .
I used 1920x1200 pixels .
Then in the Background layer add a Gradient Overlay via Layer Styles .
Use # 020202 and # 131622 for the colors , Radial for Style and 100 % Opacity .
Step 2
Now a classic step , I think I always do that when creating light effects .
It 's good because it adds some noise to the effect , like make it not so linear .
Anyway , add a new layer and go to Filter > Render > Clouds .
Just make sure you had black and white for the colors .
After that change the layer 's Blend Mode to Color Dodge .
Step 3
In this step we will add some colors to our effect , select the Brush Tool with a big and soft brush .
Make sure that the hardness is 0 % .
Then paint with different sizes and colors some areas , use the image below for reference .
For the colors use Red , Yellow , Blue and Green .
After that change the layer 's Blend Mode to Overlay .
Step 4
To create the first light effects , select the Rectangular Marquee Tool ( M ) and make a rectangle selection .
Then select the Brush Tool ( B ) .
Use white for the color with a soft rounded brush .
Paint a horizontal line , half out of the selection , exactly like the image below .
Step 5
Now rotate and resize the first streak of light .
After that duplicate the layer and go to Edit > Transform > Flip Horizontal .
Group both layers , rename the group to light effects , and change the Blend Mode to Color Dodge .
Step 6
For the 2 Years I used a font called CassandraTwo , you can download it at http://www.dafont.com/cassandra.font.
Basicaly what I recreate the font for the number 2 using the Rectangle Tool ( U ) , Ellispe Tool ( U ) , and Pen Tool .
That way I was able to apply different effects to the each part of the number .
Step 7
Select the circle part of the number 2 and go to Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur .
Use 10 pixels for the Radius .
Step 8
Here , select the bottom part of the number and again go to Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur .
This time however use 5 pixels for the Radius .
Step 9
For the lines use apply a Gaussian Blur again , but for this part , as the lines are very think , use a 1 pixel for the Blur Radius .
Step 10
For the word year , apply a Gaussian Blur too and use 2 pixels for the Radius .
After that group all elements , rename to group to " 2years " and change the Blend Mode of the group to Color Dodge .
Step 11
With the line tool create some lines following the lines of the number 2 .
Then convert them to Smart Objects , or if you prefer , just merge them to a layer .
After that go to Edit > Transform > Distort .
Add a perspective to the lines as they are coming towards the screen .
Use the image below for reference .
Step 12
Group the lines and rename the group to " lines " .
Change the folder 's Blend Mode to Color Dodge .
With the lines layer selected go to Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur .
Use 3 pixels for the Radius .
The go to Layer > Layer Mask > Reveal All .
Select the Brush Tool with black for the color and erase the end part of some lines .
After that add a new layer inside the group and with the Brush Tool ( B ) and white for the color with a very soft brush , paint some rounded light spots .
Step 13
Let 's use a photo to create the stars , you can download it here .
Change the photo's blend mode to Color Dodge , and with Mask or Eraser Tool ( E ) , start deleting some areas of the layer , leave only the area inside the triangle of light .
The idea is that the triangle is a window to the space .
Step 14
Now let 's add some clouds , I used the same technique I used for the Beautiful Fluffy Clouds in Photoshop - Christmas Tutorial ( http://abduzeedo.com/beautiful-fluffy-clouds-photoshop-christmas-tutori…).
With the layer with the clouds , group the layer to a new folder and change the Blend Mode to Color Dodge .
Repeat the same thing we did for the start , delete or mask the layer so only the area inside of the triangle is visible .
Conclusion
You can group all layers , duplicate the group and merge it to a new layer , then add a gaussian blur and change the blend mode to Screen to add a nice glow effect .
Also you can add another layer on top of the others and place a photo of an old paper or other textures to make the image look old .
It 's all about playing , trying different combinations with blend modes and masks , and that 's why it 's really fun to play with Photoshop .
Download the Photoshop File
Click here to download the Photoshop file used for this tutorial .
Today were announcing the availability of the Web - based AWS Management Console , which in this first release provides management of your Amazon EC2 environment via a point - and - click interface .
A number of management tools already exist : for example a popular Firefox extension known as Elasticfox ; however as you read more of this post I believe youll agree that the new console is compelling –especially when its time to log in as a new AWS developer .
For starters , its easier than ever to gain access to your Amazon EC2 environment .
The console provides access via your Amazon username and password .
No more certificates or public / secret keys to manage !
If youre like me , I never seem to have my own computer at hand when I need to check the status of the Amazon EC2 farm , or for that matter when I need to launch a new instance .
Its a lot easier to log in with a username and password than to use those same credentials to retrieve my keys , configure Firefox ( if its even on the borrowed computer ) and then log in .
Then theres the new point - and - click AJAX user interface for managing Amazon EC2 resources .
No more page refreshes every time something updates ; and a timer refreshes management console components , such as the status of running instances , every few seconds .
The AWS community creates an amazing selection of innovative Amazon Machine Images , or AMIs .
In fact , the count is now a staggering 1200 AMIs and growing !
Thats quite a menu to choose fromespecially if you are a first - time user .
The new Launch Instance Wizard walks you through starting your first instance ; offering a short list of Linux and Windows server choices .
Choose one of these AMIs , and then the wizard even suggests which ports to open in the firewall .
Its smart enough to suggest that you open SSH ( port 22 ) for Linux images , and RDP ( port 3389 ) for Windows instances .
The wizard even suggests settings that restrict Amazon EC2 access to your computer only .
And as I hinted in the opening paragraph , this is just the first in a set of Console interfaces that will provide a UI layer on top of AWS infrastructure services .
Well be adding additional Amazon Web Services in the future .
The console feature list is extensive , and provides intuitive management of all these things :
AMI Management : browse and search AMIs , launch instances from AMIs , deregister and register AMIs
Instance Management : launch , reboot , terminate , get console output , RDP / SSH help , etc .
Security Group Management : create and delete security groups , add and remove permissions , configure firewall settings , open and close ports
Elastic IP Management : create and release IP Addresses , associate IPs to instances
Elastic Block Store : create , delete , attach and detach volumes .
Take snapshots and manage snapshots .
Key Pair management : create and delete public / private key pairs .
If youd like to take a six minute tour of the console , I created a video ( Flash format ) .
Finally , do you have a feature suggestion , or some other type of feedback ?
Feedback links are at the bottom of each page , and we welcome your input .
Mike
( CNN ) --
The turboprop plane that crashed in New York state , killing all 49 people on board and one on the ground , was one of the safest and most sophisticated aircraft of its type , according to an aviation industry expert .
Scandinavian Airlines grounded its fleet of Dash 8 Q400 planes after three crash landings in 2007 .
The Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 was less than one year old and had flown for only about 1,500 hours , said Kieran Daly , of the online aviation news service Air Transport Intelligence .
The Continental Connection Flight 3407 was operated by Colgan Air between Newark Liberty International Airport and Buffalo .
Daly said propeller - driven aircraft such as the Canadian - built Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 and its European rival , the ATR series , had sold well to airlines in the last three years because they were almost as fast as jets , cruising at about 480 kilometers / hour ( 300 mph ) , but used much less fuel .
Listen to audio of plane 's last moments »
However , despite an excellent safety record , some passengers were still wary of traveling on propeller planes , he said .
Daly said that for most of the time turboprops were as safe as similar - sized , 50 - seater jets , but in icy conditions turboprops were at a disadvantage .
Stressing that the cause of Thursday 's crash in near Buffalo was still unclear and could be caused by mechanical failure for example , he said the potential for ice was there because it was short and the plane would have been flying at a relatively low level .
Watch what iReporter captured on film
Daly said the pilot appeared not to have reported problems with icing , but this was not unusual because planes were designed to cope with these conditions .
" All aircraft have de-icing system : a big jet like a 747 can cope with ice almost indefinitely , but smaller planes , especially propeller planes can experience problems , " he said .
" Pilots cope by increasing altitude -- icing mainly occurs at lower levels -- but because propeller - driven planes are slower , they take longer to reach high altitude and spend longer in the icy conditions . "
According to the National Weather Service weather observation for Buffalo , there was light snow , fog and mist shortly before 10 p.m .
Watch more on the plane crash »
CNN has listened to a tape of communications between air traffic control and the flight crew .
The first officer had no sign of stress in her voice initially .
The plane was cleared for approach .
About two minutes later , the air traffic controller came back , with stress in his voice .
Radar contact was lost .
Watch report from witness : " All I saw was flames " »
The question went out : Can other planes see anything ?
No one responds .
The controller says they might have a plane down .
The pilot 's last comment was " Colgan Flight 3407 . "
There were no sounds of distress .
Watch video from CNN affiliate WGRZ »
Scandinavian Airlines ( SAS ) permanently grounded its fleet of Dash 8s after three crash landings during a two - month period in 2007 that were blamed on the aircraft 's landing gear .
" Confidence in the Q400 has diminished considerably and our customers are becoming increasingly doubtful about flying in this type of aircraft , " Mats Jansson , president and CEO of SAS , said at the time .
" I have decided to immediately remove Dash 8 Q400 aircraft from service . "
Air expert Daly said though that in Thursday 's crash the landing gear of the Continental plane was unlikely to be down because it was far from the airport .
The National Transportation Safety Board said early Friday it was preparing to send a team to Buffalo to investigate the crash .
Thursday 's plane crash is the deadliest on U.S. soil since August 2006 when Comair Flight 5191 crashed when it attempted to take off from the wrong runway .
All About Buffalo ( New York ) • U.S. National Transportation Safety Board • Continental Airlines Inc .
Amazing peculiarities of national smiles
Governments may often worry about their national traditions to smile .
For example , Thailand ’s Ministry for Culture set out its concerns in 2003 claiming that the country ’s citizens did not smile a lot to confirm Thailand ’s reputation of the country of smiles .
Ministerial officials decided that such a state of affairs may result in a decrease of the number of tourists visiting the nation .
The ministry eventually launched a campaign to increase the number of smiles in the country .
“ If you smile three times a day , then it means that you will have to smile six times a day from now on , ” the announcement from the ministry said .
Nevertheless , the results of the ‘ smiling campaign ’ were never exposed to the general public , and no one knows if that Thais began to smile more .
Amazing peculiarities of national smiles
The government of Malaysia was concerned about another problem .
State officials were not willing to smile and preferred to be rude with their visitors instead .
Malaysia ’s Ministry for Culture decided to conduct another action : they sent 850,000 Malaysian officials to special courses to learn good manners .
The Chinese also had problems on the threshold of the Beijing Olympics in 2008 .
In addition to a great deal of other rules , they were supposed to quickly learn how to smile to strangers in the streets , which is not a Chinese tradition at all .
It would never occur to anyone in the Russian authorities to issue any of such decrees .
There were several experiments conducted among Russia ’s major corporations , when the personnel had to display politeness to every client .
The example of McDonald ’s ( “ a smile for free ” ) showed that such experiments would have no success : the people behind the counter do not smile at all there .
Moreover , it is difficult to make the Russians smile , and there are serious reasons for it .
The Russians do not smile a lot .
Foreign tourists could notice that 100 , 30 , 10 years ago , and they can notice it now too .
An elderly Russian woman attacked an American tourist in the center of St. Petersburg ( Leningrad ) at the end of the 1980s yelling : “ Why do you walk here smiling all the time ? ”
This remark actually unveils the essence of the Russian smile .
As a rule , the Russians do not differentiate between smile and laughter .
One may hear the following question in return to one single smile : “ Did I say anything funny right now ? ”
The Russians only smile to the people they know .
An American usually smiles when he or she meet someone else ’s eye in the street .
A Russian will revert the eyes : it is not considered a national tradition in Russia to smile to strangers .
That is why many Russian sales assistants look so gloomy and impolite as if they say : “ What do you want from me ?
I do n’t know you . ”
The Russians say that only fools laugh for no reason .
A laugh for no reason indicates a fool , they say .
It is considered normal in Russia to smile for a reason , and other people surrounding you must be aware of this reason .
If others do not seem to understand the reason behind your smile , they may perceive it as an action of mockery .
“ He knows something and does n’t say a word about it , so he just mocks at us at the back of his mind , ” this is exactly what many Russians may think in this case .
A historical and linguistic research conducted by I . Sternin said that a Russian person never smiles on duty or at work .
Servants and waiters were always polite , but they could never allow themselves a smile .
This old tradition is still alive .
Many Russians returning from holidays in foreign countries cannot but notice the gloomy faces of customs officers working at airports .
The officers may seem gloomy because they do serious business at work .
The Russians do not smile at work - it is as simple as that .
A Russian smile is not used for communication .
A Western smile is a signal of attention .
“ I am listening , I am all attention , ” this is what a foreigner ’s smile says .
Wealthy Russians have a different attitude to smiling , though .
The above - mentioned research said that a financial well - being is the most convincing argument for a smile .
Those Russians who scrap and save and live from hand to mouth would say that they have nothing to smile about because they have so many problems to deal with .
To put it in a nutshell , a Russian smile is mostly a sincere smile , but it is never addressed to strangers .
On the other hand , a Western smile is not so simple as it may seem to be at first sight .
It obviously makes communication easier , but it makes it difficult to understand other people ’s true feelings and emotions .
Psychologists say that the effect of unaffected joy can only be produced with the help of the muscles which can hardly be toughened by the force of will .
They are the greater zygomatic muscle and the orbicular eye muscles .
The activity of the greater zygomatic muscle mirrors the level of subjective joy that a person demonstrates .
The activity of other facial muscles , even those involved in smiling , does not correlate with the inner feeling of joy .
The sincere display of joy was dubbed as the Duchenne smile , in honor of Guillaume Duchenne , who was the first to conclude that a genuine smile must be morphologically different from all other smiles .
A baby always gives genuine Duchenne smiles to his or her mother .
Adults smile Duchenne smiles only when they watch or hear something funny .
Medportal
Research Box Title
NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope has caught Jupiter 's moon Ganymede playing a game of " peek - a - boo . "
In this crisp Hubble image , Ganymede is shown just before it ducks behind the giant planet .
Ganymede completes an orbit around Jupiter every seven days .
Because Ganymede 's orbit is tilted nearly edge - on to Earth , it routinely can be seen passing in front of and disappearing behind its giant host , only to reemerge later .
Composed of rock and ice , Ganymede is the largest moon in our solar system .
It is even larger than the planet Mercury .
But Ganymede looks like a dirty snowball next to Jupiter , the largest planet in our solar system .
Jupiter is so big that only part of its Southern Hemisphere can be seen in this image .
Hubble 's view is so sharp that astronomers can see features on Ganymede 's surface , most notably the white impact crater , Tros , and its system of rays , bright streaks of material blasted from the crater .
Tros and its ray system are roughly the width of Arizona .
The image also shows Jupiter 's Great Red Spot , the large eye - shaped feature at upper left .
A storm the size of two Earths , the Great Red Spot has been raging for more than 300 years .
Hubble 's sharp view of the gas giant planet also reveals the texture of the clouds in the Jovian atmosphere as well as various other storms and vortices .
Astronomers use these images to study Jupiter 's upper atmosphere .
As Ganymede passes behind the giant planet , it reflects sunlight , which then passes through Jupiter 's atmosphere .
Imprinted on that light is information about the gas giant 's atmosphere , which yields clues about the properties of Jupiter 's high - altitude haze above the cloud tops .
This color image was made from three images taken on April 9 , 2007 , with the Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 in red , green , and blue filters .
The image shows Jupiter and Ganymede in close to natural colors .
Did Anti-Terror Enforcement Help Fuel the Financial Meltdown ?
The Times ( of London ) recently reported that “ The F.B.I. has been forced to transfer agents from its counter - terrorism divisions to work on Bernard Madoff ‘s alleged $ 50 billion fraud scheme . ”
This might lead you to ask an obvious counter - question :
Has the anti-terror enforcement since 9/11 in the U.S. helped fuel the financial meltdown ?
That is , has the diversion of resources , personnel , and mindshare toward preventing future terrorist attacks — including , you ’d have to say , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq — contributed to a sloppy stewardship of the financial industry ?
The Times ( of New York ) followed with an article by Eric Lichtblau that at least partially answered the question :
Federal officials are bringing far fewer prosecutions as a result of fraudulent stock schemes than they did eight years ago , according to new data , raising further questions about whether the Bush administration has been too lax in policing Wall Street .
Legal and financial experts say that a loosening of enforcement measures , cutbacks in staffing at the Securities and Exchange Commission , and a shift in resources toward terrorism at the F.B.I. have combined to make the federal government something of a paper tiger in investigating securities crimes .
At a time when the financial news is being dominated by the $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme that Bernard L. Madoff is accused of running , federal officials are on pace this year to bring the fewest prosecutions for securities fraud since at least 1991 , according to the data , compiled by a Syracuse University research group using Justice Department figures .
The degree of cause and effect here is an obviously broad and perhaps unanswerable question .
Part of the problem is that we ’ll never know how much something like “ security theater ” may prevent an actual attack .
Furthermore , just as it is hard to prove a negative in general , it is hard to prove that , e.g. , a terrorist attack did n’t happen because of certain preventive measures .
What we do know , however , is that governments in particular have a hard time focusing on more than a few big problems at once , so I do n’t think it ’s unreasonable to suspect that the anti-terror focus of the past several years has meant that less attention was paid to far more typical issues like financial fraud , etc .
More than anything , the Madoff fraud makes me appreciate ( yet again ) Warren Buffett ‘s distaste for anything opaque and inexplicable .
As he famously put it : “ It ’s only when the tide goes out that you learn who ’s been swimming naked . ”
By By Paul Wallis Feb 15 , 2009 in Lifestyle
The image of The Boss is more than a myth .
For some reason , it ’s not a joke , despite the basic Klutz In Suit ethos which has persisted since the sitcom era .
People actually accept bosses , and the way they do that is downright scary .
Which would explain an awful lot of human history , and the routine assassination and removal of so many historic leaders .
Unfortunately this is always after they became leaders , so the recognition of stupidity and incompetence obviously is n’t exactly instant .
Maybe it ’s an echo of the cave society image , the guy with the big stick and tendency to beat up mammoths with his nasal hairs tends to be the boss .
Or maybe it ’s the modern version , the psycho fool with a brain like a lost suppository and his finger on the payroll .
Either way , a recent study of groups has found some DIY fascism applies to groups of people regarding selection of leaders .
Start with the basic premise that if you act like a boss , you ’re seen as a boss , and if you speak up , ( or in some cases shout everyone else down ) and just keep supplying inputs of information , regardless of quality , you ’ll actually be the boss .
Pretty appalling , is n’t it ?
But it works , and a study by researchers Cameron Anderson and Gavin Kilduff at Berkeley has just proved that it works .
Apparently the most talkative contributing people were rated highest among their groups for intelligence and their character , while those who said least were viewed negatively .
During these tests , actual competence was never tested .
It was implied .
The behavior alone suggested competence .
Like The Boss , there were no checks or balances , just social inertia .
People took roles , and some came out on top acknowledged as dominant .
If you apply that to a society , " those saying least " really means the critics .
They ’re the ones who have to speak less , because they have to interpret and reason their way through the logic of the speakers .
As critics , their commentary is likely to be seen as negative , and so are their contributions , rightly or wrongly , according to the study .
The ugliest result was that the groups tended to follow dominant individuals and the first response 94 % of the time , and barely considered alternatives to the response .
Either the researchers were using sheep as subjects , or a basic behavioral trend in human groups has been identified , and , unfortunately , quantified .
It would explain such revolting spectacles of unquestioning Follow The Leader as the Cultural Revolution and Nazism very effectively .
That , unfortunately , is n’t new in peer group studies or basic behaviorism .
The Alpha society member is a recurring theme , and while a lot of effort has gone into investigating Alphas , not much has been done about finding a cure .
There ’s an inherent flaw in the Alpha role , for those whose abilities are n’t up to scratch .
They may be dominant , but they ’re also liabilities if unable to perform .
The Peter Principle , which says that people rise until they hit a level of authority at which they ’re incompetent , is the other classic study .
The number of social disasters caused by pure mis-leadership fills history from start to finish .
The idea of an Alpha class or social elite dates back to Plato ’s Republic , at least .
It keeps recurring , and the Executive Class is its latest generic model , a ridiculous modern myth which is seen to fail more or less continuously , but persists as an ideal .
If there was a social command for " Fetch ! "
The great inflexible suburban imperative " Be an Executive " would be the equivalent .
This is one social habit the human race can do without .
We ’ve just been watching what a pack of dominant but incompetent , delusional , psychotic apes can do to the global economy .
These guys were acknowledged leaders in their fields , the Dominant Gerbils .
It ’s a matter of opinion if they were ever able to manage a corn flake , let alone hundreds of billions of dollars ’ worth of other people ’s money .
But they did , and were accepted as leaders of the world economy .
Critics were predicting a train wreck for years , and were seen as negative .
There 's nothing wrong with the information gathered by this study .
It 's the subjects that need to improve .
Anyone else think it ’s time humanity grew up and started demanding results , not social fantasies ?
A recent study has found that the “ dominant ” approach implies leadership and confidence , however idiotic the person may be .
Recent studies suggest that the general impression of a Moron In Charge is pretty right .
It ’s just that group behavior tends to reinforce the role , and support the leadership .
Which would explain an awful lot of human history , and the routine assassination and removal of so many historic leaders .
Unfortunately this is always after they became leaders , so the recognition of stupidity and incompetence obviously is n’t exactly instant .
Maybe it ’s an echo of the cave society image , the guy with the big stick and tendency to beat up mammoths with his nasal hairs tends to be the boss .
Or maybe it ’s the modern version , the psycho fool with a brain like a lost suppository and his finger on the payroll .
Either way , a recent study of groups has found some DIY fascism applies to groups of people regarding selection of leaders .
Start with the basic premise that if you act like a boss , you ’re seen as a boss , and if you speak up , ( or in some cases shout everyone else down ) and just keep supplying inputs of information , regardless of quality , you ’ll actually be the boss .
Pretty appalling , is n’t it ?
But it works , and a study by researchers Cameron Anderson and Gavin Kilduff at Berkeley has just proved that it works .
Apparently the most talkative contributing people were rated highest among their groups for intelligence and their character , while those who said least were viewed negatively .
During these tests , actual competence was never tested .
It was implied .
The behavior alone suggested competence .
Like The Boss , there were no checks or balances , just social inertia .
People took roles , and some came out on top acknowledged as dominant .
If you apply that to a society , " those saying least " really means the critics .
They ’re the ones who have to speak less , because they have to interpret and reason their way through the logic of the speakers .
As critics , their commentary is likely to be seen as negative , and so are their contributions , rightly or wrongly , according to the study .
The ugliest result was that the groups tended to follow dominant individuals and the first response 94 % of the time , and barely considered alternatives to the response .
Either the researchers were using sheep as subjects , or a basic behavioral trend in human groups has been identified , and , unfortunately , quantified .
It would explain such revolting spectacles of unquestioning Follow The Leader as the Cultural Revolution and Nazism very effectively .
That , unfortunately , is n’t new in peer group studies or basic behaviorism .
The Alpha society member is a recurring theme , and while a lot of effort has gone into investigating Alphas , not much has been done about finding a cure .
There ’s an inherent flaw in the Alpha role , for those whose abilities are n’t up to scratch .
They may be dominant , but they ’re also liabilities if unable to perform .
The Peter Principle , which says that people rise until they hit a level of authority at which they ’re incompetent , is the other classic study .
The number of social disasters caused by pure mis-leadership fills history from start to finish .
The idea of an Alpha class or social elite dates back to Plato ’s Republic , at least .
It keeps recurring , and the Executive Class is its latest generic model , a ridiculous modern myth which is seen to fail more or less continuously , but persists as an ideal .
If there was a social command for " Fetch ! "
The great inflexible suburban imperative " Be an Executive " would be the equivalent .
This is one social habit the human race can do without .
We ’ve just been watching what a pack of dominant but incompetent , delusional , psychotic apes can do to the global economy .
These guys were acknowledged leaders in their fields , the Dominant Gerbils .
It ’s a matter of opinion if they were ever able to manage a corn flake , let alone hundreds of billions of dollars ’ worth of other people ’s money .
But they did , and were accepted as leaders of the world economy .
Critics were predicting a train wreck for years , and were seen as negative .
There 's nothing wrong with the information gathered by this study .
It 's the subjects that need to improve .
Anyone else think it ’s time humanity grew up and started demanding results , not social fantasies ?
This opinion article was written by an independent writer .
The opinions and views expressed herein are those of the author and are not necessarily intended to reflect those of DigitalJournal.com More about Dominant behavior , Managment , Anderson kilduff berkeley dominant behavior managment anderson kilduff ber ...
Politicians in Indonesia have clashed with natives from Papua New Guinea - after declaring that their penis sheaths are offensive and pornographic .
Decorative ' koteka ' have been worn by male inhabitants of New Guinea to cover their manhood for centuries .
The sheath is normally made from a dried out gourd made of a type of pumpkin , and is tied both around the scrotum and the chest to hold it in place .
Cannibals in Papua New Guinea Papua New Guinea Cannibals say the Japanese taste best !
Italian photographer Iago Corazza travelled to Papua New Guinea to meet the world 's last cannibals , who say Japanese people taste best !
But last October , Indonesian authorities passed an anti-porn law which empowers authorities to jail people for any sexually suggestive performance .
Now natives may be forced to wear western - style underpants to cover their genitals .
Suroba , a native between 60 and 70 years old who just wears feathers and his penis sheath , is adamant , however , that he will not wear undies .
In the 1970s , a Muslim - dominated government tried without success to ban the ' koteka ' .
" Back then we wore our traditional clothes , and we are still wearing them today , " Suroba said .
He and his fellow tribe members live in the mountain valley of Baliem , which belongs to the Indonesian province of Papua , in the west of New Guinea .
Since the Second World War , they have had almost no contact with the outside world and still live in their traditional ways .
But the anti-porn law is highly controversial , with many opponents criticising it for threatening regional cultures .
Even phallic totem poles in Papua or drawings in Balinese temples , which are mainly populated by Hindus , could be threatened by the crackdown .
In Bali thousands have already taken to the streets in protest .
Lemok Mabel from the local council for ancient customs in Papua said : " The anti-porn law is a definite threat , as it goes against our cultural values .
It violates the rights of the aborigines . "
But the regional head of police said : " It is unlikely that we will implement the law , because the people here are too traditional .
For them the penis sheath is not pornographic , it is simply a piece of clothing . "
Recently , intrepid Italian photographer Iago Corazza journeyed through Papua New Guinea , and revealed that cannibals claimed Japanese people taste the best !
When it launched in early January , Phenom II 's sole purpose , its raison d'? tre , was to rejuvenate AMD 's ability to compete against Intel with something other than price cuts .
Viewed in aggregate , benchmarks of the new CPUs prove that Sunnyvale succeeded ; the X4 940 and 920 are tough opponents in the mainstream quad - core market .
I do n't want to downplay this achievement ; a strong Deneb launch was vital if AMD is to continue as a going concern .
The problem is that Sunnyvale 's future competition is locked , loaded , and launched .
In the past , the question of whether AMD or Intel would hold a performance advantage " next time " was fueled by speculation and odd bits of data .
In this case , Intel 's " next - gen " design is already on the market and has been for several months .
Nehalem is no paper tiger — it 's here right now , and it'll hit the 940's current price point within 2009 ( barring a major roadmap change ) .
So can AMD scale Phenom II to match Nehalem ?
We wanted to find out , because the answer will tell us how the AMD vs .
Intel battle will shape up in 2009 .
So , we took one Phenom II 940 , added coolant , overclocked it to 4.2GHz , and ran the benchmarks listed below .
Cost comparison
We 've known from the start that Phenom II would primarily target Core 2 Quad processors rather than Core i7 .
AMD definitely hit its target ;
Phenom II compares well against Intel 's 45nm Yorkfield processors .
A Phenom II X4 940 ( 3GHz ) is currently $ 229 at Newegg while the Phenom II X4 920 ( 2.8GHz ) is $ 195 .
Intel currently offers the Q9400 ( 2.66GHz , 6MB L2 ) at $ 229 , the older 65nm Q6600 Kentsfield at 2.4GHz at $ 194.99 , and the Q8300 ( 2.5GHz , 4MB L2 ) at $ 189.99 .
All of the Core i7 parts are significantly more expensive than the Phenom II X4 940 ; the Core i7 920 is $ 294.99 while the 940 is $ 565 .
So how much bang does Phenom give for the buck ?
Performance Summary
Worldbench 6b2 : Phenom II is more than adequate for any office or content creation work , but can't match Intel 's Core i7 -965 even when overclocked .
Typically , however , these types of workloads do n't require anything like ultra-powerful hardware .
Phenom II is more than adequate for any office or content creation work , but can't match Intel 's Core i7 -965 even when overclocked .
Typically , however , these types of workloads do n't require anything like ultra-powerful hardware .
Photoshop CS4 : Intel 's Core i7-965 led our Photoshop benchmark with the overclocked Phenom II not far behind .
The standard Phenom II trailed the pack , but again , all of the processors turned in good performance numbers .
Intel 's Core i7-965 led our Photoshop benchmark with the overclocked Phenom II not far behind .
The standard Phenom II trailed the pack , but again , all of the processors turned in good performance numbers .
Handbrake 0.9.3 : This x264 encoder scales well across all eight of Core i7's logical processors ;
Phenom II at 4.2GHz can't match the slower Core i7-920 .
This x264 encoder scales well across all eight of Core i7's logical processors ;
Phenom II at 4.2GHz can't match the slower Core i7-920 .
Cinebench R10 : Phenom II X4 940 is the slowest of the four cores we tested ( though not by much ) , while the 4.2GHz flavor smashes everyone else in single - thread testing .
Core i7 -965 still wins the multi - threaded test , but our overclocked AMD chip makes Intel work for it .
Phenom II X4 940 is the slowest of the four cores we tested ( though not by much ) , while the 4.2GHz flavor smashes everyone else in single - thread testing .
Core i7 -965 still wins the multi - threaded test , but our overclocked AMD chip makes Intel work for it .
Valve Particle , Map Compilation Tests : Another set of overall wins for Intel ; Phenom II 4.2GHz can't quite match the Core i7-920 .
Phenom II X4 940 at stock speeds is at the back of the pack .
Another set of overall wins for Intel ; Phenom II 4.2GHz can't quite match the Core i7-920 .
Phenom II X4 940 at stock speeds is at the back of the pack .
Crysis : Phenom II is an excellent gaming chip .
The X4 940 beats the Core i7-920 here while the 4.2GHz chip is only a hair back from the Core i7-965 .
Phenom II is an excellent gaming chip .
The X4 940 beats the Core i7-920 here while the 4.2GHz chip is only a hair back from the Core i7-965 .
Call of Duty 4 : This is one game that 's quite fond of Phenom II ; the Phenom II X4 940 at 4.2GHz wins the benchmark with the stock - clocked flavor in a tie for second .
This is one game that 's quite fond of Phenom II ; the Phenom II X4 940 at 4.2GHz wins the benchmark with the stock - clocked flavor in a tie for second .
Unreal Tournament 3 : In UT3 , our overclocked chip leads the rest ; the standard X4 940 still outperforms Intel 's Core i7-920 .
In UT3 , our overclocked chip leads the rest ; the standard X4 940 still outperforms Intel 's Core i7-920 .
Assassin's Creed : Another game , another good showing from AMD .
Our overclocked Phenom II outperforms the Core i7-965 while the Phenom II X4 940 is again well ahead of the Core i7-920 .
AMD 's Phenom II X4 940 does n't lead a majority of our tests at stock speeds , but both the Core i7-920 and the Core 2 Quad Q9650 are significantly more expensive than the AMD part .
The Core i7 -920 is a bit better in that regard , but LGA1366 motherboards and DDR3 still command a price premium over AM2 + and DDR2 .
AMD 's new chip competes well against the Intel parts it 's priced against , has plenty of overclocking headroom even if you do n't have a phase - changer handy , and offers excellent gaming performance .
Compared to the Phenom that proceeded it , Phenom II is a slam dunk .
Whether or not that 's enough to save AMD , particularly in the current economic climate , is regrettably an open question .
Test Setup , SiSoft Sandra
Components Nehalem Deneb Processor Core i7-965/920 Phenom II X4 940 Clockspeed 3.2GHz/2.67GHz
3.0GHz/4.2GHz
Motherboard Intel DX58SO " Smackover " Asus M3A79 - T Deluxe Operating System Vista Ult. 64 - bit w/ SP1 Vista Ult. 64 - bit w/ SP1 Video Card ATI Radeon HD 4870 ATI Radeon HD 4870 Storage 80 GB Intel SSD 80 GB Intel SSD Power Supply PC Power & Cooling 750W PC Power & Cooling 750W
Results for the QX9650 are only intermittently available ; configuration details on that system are available here .
Other reviews at other places have done a thorough job comparing Phenom II 's performance against that of Intel 's Core 2 Quad series ; we 've focused our review in a different direction .
On that note : I 've labeled the QX9650 as a " Core 2 Quad QX9650 " in the review .
Technically , the part we tested is an Intel Core 2 Extreme QX9650 , but that $ 1,000 part has been replaced by a Core 2 Quad Q9650 selling at a third the price of the original .
Both test systems were configured for dual - channel / triple - channel operation ; the same brand of DDR2 and DDR3 was used in all cases .
The Phenom system used 4GB of DDR2 - 1066 RAM in a 2GB / 2GB configuration while the Core i7 processors used 4GB of DDR3 - 1066 in a 2 GB - 1 GB - 1GB deployment .
Configuring the Core i7 in this manner could result in a performance loss but only one test —
Sandra 's theoretical memory bandwidth benchmark — gave results that might be interpreted as evidence of such .
All of the Core i7 - 965 benchmarks were run again on the system ; a comparison between the performance of the processor in this review vs. the performance we saw in our Nehalem launch coverage shows little - to - no difference .
The Asus M3A79 - T will not run in dual - channel mode if three DIMMs are inserted .
I 'm not sure if this is a characteristic of the 790GX chipset or an errata that 's unique to the Asus board , but it makes it impossible to perfectly synchronize the DIMM loadouts between the two processors while keeping both in triple channel / dual channel mode .
Given this fact , 2 GB - 1GB - 1GB for Core i7 was deemed the best option .
As for why we did n't compare an overclocked Nehalem against an overclocked Deneb , the answer is fairly straightforward : the point of our investigation is to look at how Phenom II scales , and not at how Nehalem scales .
The cooler head on the phase change unit I used hovered between - 50C and - 60C ; actual CPU temp as reported in the BIOS was - 40C .
The accuracy of BIOS temperature readings at these temperatures is questionable , but that 's what the ASUS board consistently reported .
I also tested the Gigabyte GA - MA790 GP - UD4H , but ultimately opted for the ASUS board .
Stability between the two was equal , but the ASUS model proved more overclocking - friendly — I was able to reach 4.2GHz on the M3A79 - T vs. just 4GHz stable on the Gigabyte system .
HyperThreading was kept on for all of the Core i7 -965 and Core i7 -920 benchmarks .
Note : defining the phrase " stable overclock "
For a word that 's defined as able or likely to continue or last ; firmly established ; enduring or permanent , " stable " becomes exceptionally slippery when combined with " overclock . "
To some in the overclocking community , a stable overclock is achieved when one is able to boot into Windows , run SuperPi ( a single - threaded benchmark that 's long - since outlived whatever dubious worth it once possessed ) , and take a few CPUID screenshots .
This is far below what I personally find acceptable .
I consider an overclock to be stable if and only if the system is capable of executing a review - level / comprehensive suite of benchmarks without crashing , rebooting , or exhibiting any behavior that is not also displayed when the system is running at stock speeds .
If a CPU can loop 3DMark Vantage 's CPU tests or continuously re-render an animation for an indefinite period of time at stock speeds but crashes after 30 minutes when asked to do so in an overclocked state , the overclock is unstable .
This is still the case even if the system has completed multiple iterations of the benchmark in question .
It 's not easy to fine - tune a system to such a standard while simultaneously attempting to push a processor as far as it can go ; it took me several weeks to find the precise edge between stable / unstable for the Phenom II X4 940 that 's the subject of this review .
Meanwhile , the Phenom X4 9950 that we also tested presented its own unique challenges when combined with a phase - change cooler — I 'll provide additional detail on my overclocking adventures later in the review .
In the end , I was able to completely stabilize our Phenom II X4 940 at 4.2GHz even with an HT link speed of 210MHz ( 1.89GHz effective ) , an IMC / L3 clock of 2.53GHz ( up from 1.8GHz base ) and an 1170 MHz memory clock .
Setting the HT link multiplier to 1x and keeping the IMC / L3 clocked at 1.8GHz increased my maximum stable clockspeed , but I thought the tradeoff a poor one .
More details to follow .
“ For some member states , it may be the case that asset relief for banks is no longer an option , due to their existing budgetary constraints and / or the size of their banks ’ balance sheet relative to GDP .
The extent of any risks to the EU banking system as a whole from an inadequate response in these member states needs to be considered , particularly in the case of cross - border banks ” .
Did you know that Joel Osteen is kicking it old school now ?
And by old school , I mean Old Testament .
Straight outta Hebron !
The new - agey motivational speaker preacher at Lakewood Church took a bizarrely old - fashioned approach recently when he advised his congregation against eating both pork and seafood , saying that " ... for our health 's sake , we have to be willing to make some changes . "
He further explained his newfound nutritional path to salvation with deeply theological phrases like " back in the Bible days " and " this is kinda gross " before launching into a detailed diatribe about the inherent filth and evil associated with porcine digestive tracts .
He appealed to his followers , " I know some of you love pork chops .
You love ham and cheese sandwiches .
I grew up on all that .
I love ... bacon . "
( The marked pause makes me think Joel does n't really love bacon . )
But that they should follow the example set by his family -- who now eats turkey bacon -- and give up pork " to honor God . "
He goes on to declare that his congregation should also avoid shellfish : " Shrimp , crabs , clams , oysters , lobsters ... " because they eat the " excreetment [ sic ] " of other animals .
One can only assume that someone inadvertently left a Bible in the men's room at Lakewood , opened to Leviticus , and Joel -- since he had n't brought his copy of The Six Figure Speaker with him that day -- read it to pass the time .
And having little to no theological education -- by his own admission -- nor context within which to understand the Old Testament 's strictly - defined dietary laws , Joel interpreted the Bible 's weird front pages that no one ever reads to mean that pork and seafood should be off - limits to Christians .
Because , clearly , other Biblical scholars have been mistaken about this for years .
Good work , Joel !
I look forward to your next sermon , wherein you discuss the segregation of women into red tents during their scary menstrual cycle each month .
In the meantime , I 'll be eating a SCCOLBLT .
That 's a shrimp - crab - clam - oyster - lobster - bacon - lettuce - tomato sandwich , Philistine .
Seven diners in northern Japan fell ill and three were still in hospital today after eating blowfish testicles prepared in a restaurant not authorised to serve the poisonous delicacy .
The owner of the restaurant in Tsuruoka city , who is also the chef , had no licence to serve blowfish and was being questioned on suspicion of professional negligence , police official Yoshihito Iwase said .
Iwase said the seven men ordered sashimi and grilled blowfish testicles at the restaurant last night .
Shortly after , they developed limb paralysis and breathing trouble and started to lose consciousness – typical signs of blowfish poisoning – and were rushed to a hospital for treatment .
A 68 - year - old diner was in a critical condition with respiratory failure and two others , aged 55 and 69 , were in serious condition , Iwase said .
" It 's scary .
If you go to a decent - looking restaurant that serves fugu , you would assume a cook has a proper fugu license , " Iwase said , using the Japanese term for blowfish .
Blowfish poison , called tetrodotoxin , is nearly 100 times more poisonous than potassium cyanide , according to the Ishikawa health service association .
Eating it can cause death within an hour and a half .
Three people died and 44 others became ill from blowfish poisoning in Japan in 2007 – most of them after catching the fish and cooking it at home , according to the health ministry .
Ammiano wants to legalize marijuana and tax it to increase state revenues .
You know the last time that prohibition ended ??
Well , it was at the end of the great depression , and at the time many heralded the benefits of taxing alcohol ( as well as of course eliminating the associated crime ) .
If there is any chance for legalization of marijuana it is now .
If the legalization movement is silent now it is losing possibly the greatest oppurtunity that ’s come there way in the last 80 years .
Continue Reading
Newswise —
The unique planetary nebula NGC 2818 is nested inside the open star cluster NGC 2818A .
Both the cluster and the nebula reside over 10,000 light - years away , in the southern constellation Pyxis ( the Compass ) .
NGC 2818 is one of very few planetary nebulae in our galaxy located within an open cluster .
Open clusters , in general , are loosely bound and they disperse over hundreds of millions of years .
Stars that form planetary nebulae typically live for billions of years .
Hence , it is rare that an open cluster survives long enough for one of its members to form a planetary nebula .
This open cluster is particularly ancient , estimated to be nearly one billion years old .
The spectacular structure of NGC 2818 ( also known as PLN 261+ 8.1 ) contains theouter layers of a sun- like star that were sent off into interstellar space during the star 's final stages of life .
These glowing gaseous shrouds were shed by the star after it ran out of fuel to sustain the nuclear reactions in its core .
Planetary nebulae can have extremely varied structures .
NGC 2818 has a complex shape that is difficult to interpret .
However , because of its location within the cluster , astronomers have access to information about the nebula , such as its age and distance , which might not otherwise be known .
Planetary nebulae fade away gradually over tens of thousands of years .
The hot , remnant stellar core of NGC 2818 will eventually cool off for billions of years as a white dwarf .
Our own sun will undergo a similar process , but not for another 5 billion years or so .
This Hubble image was taken in November 2008 with the Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 .
The colors in the image represent a range of emissions coming from the clouds of the nebula : red represents nitrogen , green represents hydrogen , and blue represents oxygen .
Credit : NASA , ESA , and the Hubble Heritage Team ( STScI / AURA )
For images and more information about NGC 2818 , visit :
http://hubblesite.org/news/2009/05http://heritage.stsci.edu/2009/05http://www.nasa.gov/hubble
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and the European Space Agency ( ESA ) and is managed by NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center ( GSFC ) in Greenbelt , Md. The Space Telescope Science Institute ( STScI ) conducts Hubble science operations .
The institute is operated for NASA by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy , Inc. , Washington , D.C .
STScI is an International Year of Astronomy 2009 ( IYA 2009 ) program partner .
When climate camp protesters descended on the site of the Kingsnorth power station for a week - long summer demonstration , the scale of the police operation to cope with them was enormous .
Police were accused of using aggressive tactics , confiscating everything from toilet rolls and board games to generators and hammers .
But ministers justified what they called the " proportionate " £ 5.9 m cost of the operation , pointing out that 70 officers had been injured in the course of their duties .
But data obtained under the Freedom of Information
Act puts a rather different slant on the nature of those injuries , disclosing that not one was sustained in clashes with demonstrators .
Papers acquired by the Liberal Democrats via Freedom of Information requests show that the 1,500 officers policing the Kingsnorth climate camp near the Medway estuary in Kent , suffered only 12 reportable injuries during the protest during August .
The Home Office has now admitted that the protesters had not been responsible for any injuries .
In a three - line written answer to a parliamentary question , the Home Office minister Vernon Coaker wrote to the Lib Dem justice spokesman , David Howarth , saying : " Kent police have informed the Home Office that there were no recorded injuries sustained as a result of direct contact with the protesters . "
Only four of the 12 reportable injuries involved any contact with protesters at all and all were at the lowest level of seriousness with no further action taken .
The other injuries reported included " stung on finger by possible wasp " ; " officer injured sitting in car " ; and " officer succumbed to sun and heat " .
One officer cut his arm on a fence when climbing over it , another cut his finger while mending a car , and one " used leg to open door and next day had pain in lower back " .
A separate breakdown of the 33 patients treated by the police tactical medicine unit at the climate camp shows that three officers had succumbed to heat exhaustion , three had toothache , six were bitten by insects , and others had diarrhoea , had cut their finger or had headaches .
Coaker claimed in a parliamentary debate in September that the police had acted " appropriately and proportionately " , despite hundreds of complaints over unnecessarily heavy policing and calls for an investigation of police conduct by MPs , MEPs , councillors and members of the public .
Norman Baker , the Lib Dem MP for Lewes , who had called previously for an investigation of police tactics , said : " I personally witnessed unnecessarily aggressive policing , unprovoked violence against peaceful protesters , an extraordinary number of police on site , and tactics such as confiscating toilet rolls , board games and clown costumes from what I saw to be peaceful demonstrators . "
The list of items deemed potentially dangerous by police and seized from protesters included glue , marker pens , board games , cushions , carpet , wood , paint , and scissors as well as bicycle locks which could have been used to lock protesters to fences .
Police also seized anything that could have been used to set up camp , including spades and duct tape , generators and hammers and nails .
Howarth said : " That the minister could defend as ' proportionate ' a £ 5.9 m policing operation in which there was not a single injury to police officers caused by the protesters beggars belief .
The threat posed by environmental direct action is being systematically overblown by both the government and the police .
" I hope the government and the police will now stop trying to portray peaceful protesters as somehow equivalent to terrorists or violent extremists .
In light of this new evidence , one has to ask , were climate campers so heavily policed because they posed any genuine threat of violence , or because they posed a challenge to government policy ? "
Nick Thorpe , a spokesman for the climate camp , said : " Policing of peaceful protest has become increasingly heavy - handed .
We saw thousands of officers swarming around a legal camp in a colossal waste of public money .
The police and the government claimed there was a ' violent minority ' of protesters but this Home Office admission reveals this as a complete fiction . "
Coal controversy
Kingsnorth , a power station built 45 years ago on the Medway estuary in Kent can burn oil as well as coal .
Two years ago its owner , the energy company E.ON UK , announced plans to build two " cleaner coal units " there .
The new plants are the focus of protest for climate - change activists who believe the development will discharge carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases at too high a level .
The Kingsnorth development will involve the first purpose - built , coal - fired power stations in the UK since completion of the Drax station in Yorkshire in 1986 .
E.ON claims the majority of the local population favours the project , and says a carbon capture and storage system " could eventually see 90 % of its emissions captured and stored underground " .
The company insists its port facilities on the Hoo peninsula and its own fleet of colliers will let it easily import low - sulphur coal .
The new plants are meant to be operational in 2012 .
Of Kingsnorth , Greenpeace says : " [ It will ] emit the same amount of CO2 as the 30 least polluting countries in the world combined , and destroy any chance we have of persuading China and India to stop building coal plants . "
Owen Bowcott
recent developments
Unscheduled : Aug 4 2020 !
Jun 23 2020 !
I 'm not hugely into FB , but - wow - there 's certainly a hell of a lot of folks in the MM FB group .
Recent : Arizona 's da Vinci Code via phoenixmag.com
Many things end , but the Mystery persists .
Hey , look - there 's a Facebook Group
Also : the Facebook group has a PO box now :)
Robert 's running that , and he is
Robert Bannon
2719 Goldspring Ln
Spring , TX 77373
Recently , I gave the second version of my iPhone and Java Web Services talk at the Boulder JUG .
It was a great audience filled with interest and great questions .
I promised them I would continue to load up my Delicious bookmarks with great iPhone links , and I ’m doing just that .
Pertinent to that talk , let ’s quickly revisit that memory leak issue for NSURLConnection .
In short , if you call sendSynchronousRequest , you get an internal memory leak of 128 bytes of a NSCFString object from inside the API .
To isolate this from my application coding skills via the iPhone and Java Web Services demo code , let ’s look at an example called ZipWeather from AppsAmuck .
Attach the profile to the ZipWeather , exactly as downloaded .
Run it .
Type a zip code .
It leaks .
It appears that the NSURLConnection:sendSynchronousRequest ( )
Flaking out , even for others , calling this API to Amazon Web Services .
I believe it may be the leak contributing to these hiccups .
I ’ve tried turning off the cache , but it still leaks .
I ’ve tried the async version and it still leaks too .
This Apple article even suggests using this same API in the same way that ZipWeather and my iPhone and Java Web Services app does .
In short , I ’m submitting another Radar report to Apple about this and hope it does n’t get closed out as “ Unable to reproduce ” as João Pavão ’s defect # 6179277 did .
I ’m able to reproduce it every time , with everyone ’s sendSynchronousRequest calls .
I love the platform , but as you all know , one core API bug can really cause a lot of challenges until resolved .
Let ’s hope this one gets resolved very soon !
References :
Researchers at the Cup Noodle headquarters in Japan have developed an interesting personal vending machine for college students on a budget .
Just fill the machine with water , insert money , and you ’ve got a piping hot cup of noodles in 2 - minutes or less .
Video after the break .
' Radioactive ' paedophile suspect on the run after skipping court
A ' radioactive ' suspected paedophile has gone on the run after failing to show at court for child pornography offences .
Thomas Leopold , 42 , a college principal , absconded days before his trial after having large doses of radiotherapy treatment for a thyroid condition .
A judge has issued a warrant for his arrest , warning police he could harm anyone he comes into contact with .
Judge John Price said : ' Please warn officers that when he is arrested he might be radioactive .
This is not a joke . '
Absconded : Tom Leopold has gone on the run after failing to appear at court to face child porn charges
Doctors believe Leopold 's radioactivity level could be dangerous for up to six weeks after he was treated with what is thought to be iodine on February 3 .
The principal who runs a private tutorial college called The Tutors Group in Hammersmith , West London , is facing five charges of downloading indecent images of children dating back to 2006 .
Southwark Crown Court heard that he skipped bail four days before his trial to board an overnight ferry to Ireland , under the nose of the police .
Leopold was stopped by Special Branch officers on February 5 at Fishguard in Wales after boarding a ferry to Rosslare .
Officers questioned the suspect , but they released him after he showed them his radiation card and said his bail conditions had been varied to allow him to visit his mother in Ireland .
He has not been seen since .
The alarm was raised when Leopold failed to show at his trial on February 9 .
Six days earlier , Leopold is thought to have been given radioactive iodine , a liquid treatment which travels through the bloodstream , to help with his overactive thyroid condition .
The radiation dies away on its own , but patients can still pass on radiation through urine , saliva and sweat days after the treatment .
If the patient bled or was sick , that would also be radioactive .
Nick Mather , prosecuting , told the court that Leopold had told officers at Fishguard he would be returning in a week .
He also said the court had received a letter faxed by Leopold 's doctor indicating he was unwell and not fit to attend court for three months .
Jeannie Mackie , defending , said that Leopold was in ' chronic poor health ' .
She said : ' His doctor confirmed he is dangerous , in terms of radioactivity , for a period of six weeks after treatment .
He travelled to Ireland on his own , in his car .
When he showed his radiation card , he was permitted to stay in the car , on the boat . '
Police first arrested Leopold in July 2006 but he skipped bail and was later convicted of failing to attend court and fined £ 250 .
His case was originally due to be heard in October 2006 , but due to his ill health it was delayed .
The unmarried tutor was educated at Harrow School and graduated from Edinburgh University in 1989 with a degree in genetics and an MA in psychology .
Previously he worked as a financier with Barclays de Zoete Wedd .
In 1993 he left the banking world to set up The Tutors Group at Blythe Hall School .
It employs more than 600 staff and works with more than 3,000 children , teaching infants to A - level students study skills , essay planning and examination technique .
He denies five counts of making indecent images of children and one of possessing 87 such images on or before April 25 2006 .
The Tutors Group declined to comment .
Sherry Byrum , 48 , works full time at a day care centre in Spokane Valley , Washington , earning about $ 9 an hour .
She and her husband , who is unable to work because of heart surgery , live in a 30 - year old mobile home .
They get groceries at a local food bank , but there have been occasions when the couple have gone several days without eating .
“ We ’ve got to pay our bills , ” Byrum says .
“ I ca n’t buy us the things we should eat because of our diabetes .
There are some times I go to bed in tears thinking I just ca n’t do it all . ”
Wyoming resident Mary sets out from her home everyday to collect discarded wooden pallets .
Despite debilitating pain from spinal arthritis , she then uses an axe to chop them into firewood .
Like many senior citizens across the country , her social security payments do not cover her medical expenses , or her household and fuel expenses .
Mary , who is also diabetic , visits the Salvation Army Food Pantry in Casper for a food box .
Gloria Muniz , 45 , from New York , is a single mother struggling to provide for her eight children and two nephews , all under the age of 16 .
Unable to work , Muniz relies on social security , public assistance and food stamps to get by .
After all the bills are paid , she has about $ 20 left in her purse each month to spend on food and other essentials such as school supplies for her children .
“ But they do n’t last me very long , says Muniz . ”
The upshot : the family often goes hungry .
Like these families , there are over 35 million Americans — nearly as many as live in California — who do n’t know where their next meal will come from .
Job losses , home foreclosures , and other recent crises have been truly life altering for Americans , with one in eight people struggling with hunger .
This is official data and experts say the real figure could be higher .
“ The numbers have been provided by the US Department of Agriculture , ” says Ross Fraser of Feeding America , the nation 's leading domestic hunger - relief charity that provides food assistance to more than 25 million low - income people facing hunger in the US .
Over the years , the number of people showing up hungry at food pantries and soup kitchens in the US has surged , with more than a thousand operating in New York alone .
Requests are so high that some food centers nationwide are turning away the hungry .
What makes the demand so striking is not only the suddenness but also the demographic that is seeking help .
For instance , most of the newcomers that show up at Feeding America ’s centers have been employed and have managed to survive dips in the job market .
Many of them are couples and single parents who had managed without handouts .
Hunger is a significant problem , according to annual reports issued by the United States Department of Agriculture .
Around 11 per cent of people live in households where they may not have enough money to put adequate food on the table – that ’s 35.5 million Americans .
Among them are 11 million who say their situation is so grim they sometimes do n’t eat for an entire day because they ca n’t afford to .
Worse , hunger is an everyday reality for 12 million American children .
“ We soon will have the most food stamps recipients in the history of our country , ” says Jim Weill , president of the Food Research and Action Center .
All across the country , from LA to Detroit to New York , it seems the soup kitchen lines getting longer .
" Right now they are really fighting for their lives , " says global economic analyst Alan Bragman .
A recent USDA report says more than a third of these households " had very low food security — meaning that the food intake of one or more adults was reduced and their eating patterns were disrupted at times during the year because the household lacked money and other resources for food . "
So why does a country that spends more on its military than the next 11 nations combined have so many people in such dire straits ?
How can so many starve in a country that has bought 185 F - 22 stealth fighters at $ 361 billion a pop ?
[ Ed.
Recent estimates put the current price at 4 billion plus and going up . ]
According to a USDA official , hunger is very much a hidden problem .
" When you walk by people who may be hungry , it 's not necessarily evident they 're hungry .
” This is something that low - income people do n't talk about a great deal . "
Worse , the US government does not want to talk about this nagging problem .
What most people would describe as going hungry , the USDA couches it in the euphemism “ food insecure . ”
Deaths caused by malnutrition and plain hunger are passed off by hospitals and coroners as “ natural causes ” or “ failure of bodily organs ” .
Also , the US has been loath to admit to such gaping holes in its socio-economic fabric .
As many 7.3 million Americans reportedly died of starvation during the Great Depression , a fact that lies buried in US census data , but which the government has airbrushed out of official records .
Here is what a child wrote during those years : “ We changed our usual food for something more available .
We used to eat bush leaves instead of cabbage .
We ate frogs too .
My mother and my older sister died in a year . ”
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
