One night in April 2007 , as Mike Partain hugged his wife before going to bed , she felt a small lump above his right nipple .
A mammogram -- a “ man -o - gram , ” he called it -- led to a diagnosis of male breast cancer .
Six days later , the 41 - year - old insurance adjuster had a mastectomy .
Partain had no idea men could get breast cancer .
But he thinks he knows what caused his : contaminated drinking water at Camp Lejeune , N.C. , where he was born .
Over the last two years , Partain has compiled a list of 19 others diagnosed with male breast cancer who once lived on the base .
For three decades -- from the 1950s to the mid-1980s -- the water supply used by hundreds of thousands of Marines and their families was laced with chemicals from an off - base dry- cleaning company and industrial solvents used to clean military equipment .
Advertisement
A 1974 base order required safe disposal of solvents and warned that improper handling could cause drinking water contamination .
Yet solvents were dumped or buried near base wells for years .
“ The Marine Corps knowingly poisoned their own people , ” Partain recently said in his living room , surrounded by stacks of military documents and water analysis reports .
“ They were told about the water , and they did nothing .
Nothing .
And then they lied about it . ”
Partain , whose father and grandfather were Marine officers , is tall and burly , with a shaved head and black goatee .
His face reddens and his voice cracks when he discusses the toxic water .
He maintains a website -- The Few , the Proud , the Forgotten -- where he posts material documenting the contamination and the stories of those who say it made them ill .
Military officials acknowledge that they were told as early as 1981 that potentially dangerous “ volatile organic compounds ” had been detected in the drinking water .
However , the Corps , which has set up its own website ( https://clnr.hqi.usmc.mil/clwater/) to deal with the issue , said that the two primary chemicals involved were not then subject to regulation .
Advertisement
It took time , officials said , to resolve questions about the source of the toxins and the validity of testing , which found different levels at different times .
“ Currently it is still not known whether or not the substances detected . . . were at harmful levels , ” Marine Capt .
Brian Block wrote in an e-mail response to questions .
Tests confirming contamination in the wells were not completed until 1984 , the military said , at which point the Corps began shutting down them down .
The Marine Corps , Block added , disposed of solvents “ in accordance with generally accepted industry practices at the time . ”
In men , breast cancer is rare .
About 1,900 cases are expected to be diagnosed in the U.S. this year , compared with 192,000 cases in women , the American Cancer Society says .
Establishing a link between chemical exposure and a specific cancer cluster is difficult .
But Partain and the others from Camp Lejeune say their illnesses are more than mere coincidence .
Advertisement
“ God is the only one who really knows , ” said Jim Fontella , 63 , who served at Camp Lejeune in 1966 and 1967 .
He was diagnosed with breast cancer nine years ago .
“ But it seems pretty strange . ”
Partain said there was no history of breast cancer in his family , and that a test for a gene linked to the disease was negative .
Only two of the other 19 survivors -- 18 former Marines and the son of a Marine -- have family histories of female breast cancer , Partain said .
The website lists 484 people who lived or worked at Camp Lejeune and say they have been diagnosed with cancer or other illnesses .
More than 1,600 former base residents have filed claims against the federal government , seeking $ 34 billion total in damages .
The military , Partain contends , knew details of the contamination earlier than it has admitted .
Advertisement
A 1980 report by a scientist working for the Army who tested base tap water warned officials that the “ water is highly contaminated , ” Partain said .
A 1981 follow - up report said that more tests had shown the water to be tainted “ with other chlorinated hydrocarbons ( solvents ) ! ”
In 1982 , a chemist with a private lab hired by the Corps provided the base commander with a report showing “ contamination by trichloroethylene and tetrachloroethylene ” in well fields supplying two Camp Lejeune water systems .
“ We called the situation to the attention of Camp Lejeune personnel , ” the chemist wrote , adding that his findings had important public health implications .
Trichloroethylene ( TCE ) is a colorless solvent often used to clean grease from machinery .
Tetrachloroethylene ( PCE ) is commonly used in dry cleaning .
Both chemicals are now “ reasonably anticipated to be human carcinogens , ” according to the Health and Human Services Department ’s National Toxicology Program .
But in 1982 they were not subject to regulation .
In April 1985 , the base commander sent letters informing residents that “ minute ( trace ) amounts of several organic chemicals ” had been detected in wells .
It gave no indication that the chemicals could be dangerous .
That spring , one of 10 contaminated wells was reopened for use on four days to help alleviate a water shortage .
Advertisement
A 2004 fact - finding panel set up by the Corps concluded that base officials had acted properly and that the drinking water was “ consistent with general . . . industry practices ” at the time .
However , the panel found that officials did not attempt to evaluate health risks for dangerous chemicals , and that a Navy technical advisory unit had failed to provide the Corps with the expertise needed to understand health dangers .
In 2005 , Justice Department and Environmental Protection Agency investigations found no criminal conduct by Corps officials .
However , an EPA investigator told Congress in 2007 that he had recommended obstruction of justice charges against some Camp Lejeune officials , but was overruled by prosecutors in the George W. Bush administration .
The Marine Corps waited until 1999 -- 14 years after closing the contaminated wells -- to begin notifying former base residents .
That effort was part of a federal health study aimed at children conceived or born at the base during the contamination years .
Advertisement
Only in 2008 did the Corps undertake a more widespread effort to notify former Marines and family members who had lived in an affected housing area during the time in question .
An online health registry now contains more than 135,000 names .
Congress required the notification after being lobbied by Jerry Ensminger , a former Marine drill instructor who blames the 1985 leukemia death of his daughter Janey , 9 , on contaminated water .
Ensminger has fought to hold the Corps accountable , researching military documents and confronting officials .
He learned that the water was tainted while watching a local TV report in 1997 .
“ I trained more than 2,000 Marines on our Marine Corps values , ” Ensminger said .
“ Now the Marine Corps leadership refuses to honor those values . ”
Advertisement
Partain said he had no idea his drinking water had been laced with probable carcinogens until he heard about congressional testimony by Ensminger in 2007 .
Peter Devereaux , 47 , a former Marine who served at Camp Lejeune from 1980 to 1982 , was diagnosed with breast cancer in January 2008 and had a mastectomy .
He said he did not know about the contamination until Partain contacted him last year .
“ The Marine Corps refuses to acknowledge what they did to people who served their country , ” Devereaux said .
“ It sickens me . ”
Last month , Sen. Richard M. Burr ( R - N.C. ) introduced a bill that would require the government to cover healthcare costs for Marines and family members who were exposed to the contaminated water .
Advertisement
Shuffling through documents in his living room , Partain ’s voice trembled as he described mastectomies and double mastectomies performed on former Marines he considers close friends .
“ I ’m missing half my chest .
That did n’t happen by a fluke of God , ” he said .
“ I was poisoned .
. . .
The truth will come out . ”
--
david.zucchino@latimes.com
The villa has floors with marble from across the Mediterranean region
Archaeologists in Italy say they have unearthed the remains of a sumptuous villa thought to be the birthplace of the Emperor Vespasian .
The ruins were found in the Roman city of Falacrine , about 80 miles ( 130 km ) north - east of Rome .
The villa 's location and luxury suggest it was probably Vespasian 's birthplace , an archaeologist said .
Vespasian lived from AD9 - 79 .
He was emperor from AD69 - 79 , restoring peace after a period of civil war .
The villa in Falacrine stretches over 14,000 sq m ( 16,750 sq yards ) .
The archaeologist leading excavations there , Filippo Coarelli , said it was not marked as belonging to Vespasian 's family , but its extravagant trappings were an indication of its ownership .
" It 's clear that such things could only belong to someone with a high social position and wealth .
And in this place , it was the Flavians , " he said , referring to Vespasian 's dynasty .
The villa was decorated with luxurious marble " coming from the whole Mediterranean area " , he told the Associated Press news agency .
Vespasian , whose full name was Titus Flavius Vespasianus , had a successful military career before becoming governor of Africa and an aide to the emperor Nero .
The Colosseum was begun under his rule with spoils of the AD70 conquest of Jerusalem .
He was the founder of the Flavian dynasty of emperors .
By Perminder Khatkar
BBC Asian Network
Shisha is an Arabic water - pipe in which fruit - scented tobacco is burnt Smoking a shisha pipe is as bad for people as smoking tobacco , the Department of Health and the Tobacco Control Collaborating Centre has found .
People who smoke shisha , or herbal tobacco , can suffer from high carbon monoxide levels , its research revealed .
It found one session of smoking shisha resulted in carbon monoxide levels at least four to five times higher than the amount produced by one cigarette .
High levels of carbon monoxide can lead to brain damage and unconsciousness .
Shisha is a water - pipe , popular in many Arab countries , in which fruit - scented tobacco is burnt using coal , passed through an ornate water vessel and inhaled through a hose .
The Department of Health said it was difficult to know exactly how much carbon monoxide one cigarette produced , due to the differences in smokers ' inhalations .
CO LEVELS - PARTS PER MILLION Normal level : 3 ppm Light smoker : 10 - 20 ppm
Heavy smoker 30 - 40 ppm Faulty boiler / fire levels : Upwards of 100 ppm Severe symptoms : 100 ppm Lethal levels :
More than 300 ppm
But measuring carbon monoxide in exhaled breath showed a normal non-smoker 's level to be three parts CO per million parts of air ( ppm ) ( less than 1 % of blood not working properly ) , a light smoker to have 10 - 20 ppm ( 2 - 4 % of blood not working properly ) , and a heavy smoker 30 - 40 ppm ( 5 - 7 % ) .
The study found shisha smokers had 40 - 70 ppm of CO in their breath - affecting 8 - 12 % of their blood .
Dr Hilary Wareing , director of the Tobacco Control Collaborating Centre , told the BBC's Asian Network she was shocked by the results of the research .
" Our mouths opened at the level of harm - none of the tests we did showed anything other than shisha is hazardous to health . "
Paul Hooper , regional manager at the Department of Health , said the findings made the dangers of shisha a " major issue " .
He said many people regard shisha " as not even smoking " .
Misconception Shisha bars , which are typically decked out with low stools and soft cushions to create an inviting atmosphere , have become popular in cities across the UK , particularly in London , Manchester and Birmingham .
At the worst , shisha was 400 to 450 times more dangerous than having a cigarette
Dr Hilary Wareing Tobacco Control Collaboration Centre
An activity largely associated with Middle Eastern customers and a young crowd , there is a growing trend of themed shisha parties .
Many people who go to " shisha evenings " think it is a safer alternative to smoking cigarettes .
" You never see it in the news - ' that is terrible , do n't do it ' - there 's no shock tactics like ( there is with ) cigarettes , " said one young woman .
" If my mum sees me smoking shisha , she is n't going to take it as seriously as if I was smoking cigarettes , " said a British Pakistani man .
It was this misconception - and finding dangerous levels of carbon monoxide in a pregnant woman who had stopped smoking tobacco , but continued to smoke shisha - which prompted the research .
" We found one session of smoking shisha - that 's 10 milligrams ( of fruit tobacco ) for 30 minutes - gave carbon monoxide levels that were at the lowest four and five times higher than having a cigarette , " said Dr Wareing .
" But at the worst , shisha was 400 to 450 times more dangerous than having a cigarette , " she added .
Informed choice Edgware Road is home to a large number of shisha cafes or hookah bars Shisha smokers in a cafe in Edgware Road , London , said the findings would make them think twice about smoking .
" You know you can die from cigarettes , but you do n't know you can die from shisha , " said one .
" I 'm now going home to research it , " said another .
But not everyone is convinced .
Akram , a 27 - year - old who runs a restaurant and shisha bar in Birmingham , has his own views .
" There is a health risk but it 's all down to consumption and all the evidence I 've seen is that smoking shisha is nothing like smoking even one cigarette , " he said .
He said he did not actually inhale shisha smoke .
It is not just the level of carbon monoxide that is causing concern .
Qasim Choudhory , a youth worker at the NHS Stop Smoking Service in Leicester , said sharing a shisha pipe could pass around infections .
" There 's a heightened risk of getting TB , herpes and infections like that , " she said .
" Now you know swine flu is on the top of the agenda right now - there 's no kind of direct correlation , but at time when we 're up on our hygiene , it 's not the best type of activity to be taking part in . "
Dr Wareing said more research on exactly how dangerous shisha was needed to be conducted to enable people to make an informed choice .
Paul Hooper said the department was working hard at " how best to get the message - that it is dangerous - across to the consumer " .
" But how do you label the tobacco and the shisha pipe ?
It 's not as simple as labelling a packet of cigarettes , " he added .
The Trouble with Hubble Bubble will be broadcast on the BBC's Asian Network at 1800 BST on Monday 24 August 2009 or listen to it here .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
QUITO --
The Ecuadorean judge purportedly caught on videotape discussing a multibillion - dollar lawsuit against Chevron Corp. over environmental damage in the Amazon has recused himself from the case .
Ecuador 's attorney general , Washington Pezantes , said Friday that he had asked Judge Juan Núñez to withdraw from the case , which has garnered international attention and highlighted Ecuador 's uncertain investment climate .
The ...
One of the first things Hitler did when he came into power was to sign a treaty of non-aggression with Poland .
So why did he invade Poland on September 1st 1939 ?
Better yet , why sign the non-aggression pact with Poland at all ?
When Hitler signed the pact with Poland many German people were unhappy about the move .
Germany had suffered many losses to Poland after the First World War thanks to the Treaty of Versailles .
In this treaty the German provinces of West Prussia , Poznan , and Upper Silesia have been awarded to Poland stripping Germany of many of its valuable and industrial resources .
However , Hitler felt the pact was necessary in order to prevent a military alliance between France and Poland while he re-armed Germany .
The Treaty of Versailles had not just claimed German territory ; it had also stripped Germany of its army , limiting it to a mere 100,000 men , establishing a demilitarized zone ( DMZ ) on the southern border ( Rhineland ) to protect neighboring countries and more .
Hitler intended to bring power back to Germany and to do this he needed to buy some time while he built up the German army effectively breaking the Treaty of Versailles .
Hitler began rebuilding the German army and re-militarized the DMZ , but Britain and France were reluctant to start another war so began the process of Appeasement .
In this they allowed the re-militarization and signed away Czech borders to Germany in order to try to satisfy Germany ’s needs .
Germany took this opportunity to dissolve the Czechoslovakian state completely in violation of the Munich Agreement .
Britain and France were still desperate not to start a war and responded to the issue by guaranteeing the integrity of Poland .
Germany was still satiated and since so far it had received no resistance to its hostile actions Hitler decided the time was right to take Poland .
In order to obtain this , Hitler first made a pact of non-aggression with Russia despite the fact that they were sworn enemies .
In this pact they agreed to split Poland between them thus enabling Hitler to move on with the invasion of Poland .
Poland was not just invaded for mere revenge .
Despite the fact that many Germans felt hostile towards Poland and resentful that they were granted various German assets after the First World War , one of the key reasons why Poland was invaded was actually because of the Polish Corridor .
The Polish Corridor was a name given to the fact that Poland , while mostly central , had a “ corridor ” of land that lead to the sea which essentially cut straight through Germany .
Germany was cut off from East Prussia and relatives left stranded on either side while in the meantime Poland enjoyed its new connection to the sea alongside the trade and resources it provided .
Hitler determined to reclaim this corridor and re-unite Germany as whole once again as well as rebuilding its navy and import trades .
Germany invaded Poland on 1st September 1939 and just three weeks later on September 28th 1939 Poland surrendered entirely .
This time , Britain and France could no longer ignore Germany ’s actions and declared war on Germany on September 3rd 1939 .
When Todd Echols left his job at a small publishing company 3 years ago , his supervisor 's farewell was not exactly heartbreaking .
" He was glad to see me go , " Echols says .
" He said something like , ' Make sure you take your fake plants with you . '
The feeling was mutual . "
Echols left the company but not for another job .
" I knew I never wanted to be in that situation again , with some unqualified caveman breathing down my neck , telling me what to do , my career in his hands , " says Echols .
" An MBA degree seemed to be the best way to avoid that scenario . "
He did his homework and found out about the benefits of a master 's of business administration .
Most programs took only 2 years .
Courses would teach higher - level strategy and skills reserved for executives .
Coming out of an MBA program , he could make more than $ 80,000 annually .
" Best of all , there would be no limit to my career , " Echols says .
" Once I had that MBA , I could go as high as I wanted .
I could be a CEO one day . "
Echols looked at both online and on - campus MBA programs and found a slew of convenient , affordable programs online .
" I liked being able to take classes from my computer and absorb the material at my own pace , " he says .
Two years after leaving his company , Echols returned with a MBA and became the department manager overseeing his former supervisor .
" The look on his face when I walked in the door was priceless , " recalls Echols .
" But I 'll take it easy on him . "
If you are interested in becoming your boss ' boss or just improving your career , you can learn more about online MBA programs at the following schools .
University of Phoenix
Kaplan University
Capella University
Change your career today .
Be your boss 's boss with a MBA degree .
Request information and find the right MBA program for you .
Mother with 18 children all with ' J ' names is pregnant again - and is expecting grandchild ... to be christened with letter 'M '
A couple with 18 children all with names beginning with ' J ' are to welcome another baby into the family – but this time the child will be christened with the letter ' M ' .
Michelle and Jim Bob Duggar , who revealed they are expecting their 19th child in March , will next month receive their first grandchild - Mackynzie Renee .
Their eldest son Josh and his wife Anna , both 21 , will have the baby girl just nine months after his most recent sibling , Jordyn - Grace , was born .
America 's biggest brood :
The Duggar family near their home in Springdale , Arkansas
‘ We are so thrilled , ’ said Michelle , 42 , of Springdale , Arkansas .
While Jim Bob , 44 , a businessman and former state legislator , added : ‘ This never gets old .
We are so grateful for each child .
‘ We are looking forward to our first grandbaby and our 19th child . ’
Josh , who was home schooled and brought up as a devout Christian , said : ‘ I think it is going to be awesome , it is going to be great .
‘ We have been looking forward to the arrival of my little girl and to now get to celebrate for my parents , it ’s a wonderful thing . ’
He said he hoped to follow his parents ’ lead in having many more children – but did not say whether they would also have names starting with the same letter or not .
Anna and Josh live with his parents in the debt - free house they built themselves along with twin siblings Jana and John - David , 19 , Jill , 18 , Jessa , 16 , Jinger , 15 , Joseph , 14 , Josiah , 13 , Joy - Anna , 11 , twins Jedidiah and Jeremiah , ten , Jason , nine , James , eight , Justin , six ; Jackson , five ; Johanna , three , Jennifer , two , and Jordyn - Grace , eight months .
Their lives are featured on a reality TV show called 18 Kids and Counting .
Despite being pregnant 18 times before , Michelle says this pregnancy came as a shock .
‘ I was in WeightWatchers with Jim Bob and I was n’t losing any weight , ’ she said .
‘ I could n’t figure it out .
I was doing what I should .
And the baby , who was nursing , was fussy .
I kept thinking , “ This is n’t right .
She is n’t teething , she does n’t have an ear infection .
I ’m not cheating on my diet , I should be losing weight . ”
Then , I put two and two together and wondered if I could possibly be pregnant . ’
‘ I told Jim Bob and he could n’t keep it in , he was so excited , ’ she said .
‘ The kids were outside playing on a water slide and he gathered them together and had to share the news .
There was all this screaming and yelling . ’
Michelle has now been pregnant 147 months of her life , with five more to go .
The Duggars , who feed their brood by spending £ 1,250 a month , also claim that they have changed an estimated 90,000 nappies and do approximately 200 loads of laundry a month .
When they got married , they thought they ’d have two or three children .
Not wanting to have a child immediately , Michelle went on the birth control pill as they waited three years to have their first child , Josh , who is now married and expecting his first child .
After Josh was born , Michelle went back on the pill .
She got pregnant anyway and suffered a miscarriage , which her physician told them was probably caused by the pill .
As conservative Christians , they decided after that to ‘ let God decide ’ how many children they would have .
They adhere to a movement called Quiverfull , whose members take seriously the biblical exhortation to be fruitful and multiply and believe that every child is a gift from Providence .
Any health bill ' without a strong public option will not pass the House , ' Nancy Pelosi says .
Pelosi :
No public option , no bill
As the White House signals that it is willing to move forward on a health reform plan without a public option , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) sent a strong message Thursday evening : not so fast .
In her strongest statement yet , Pelosi said that any bill " without a strong public option will not pass the House " :
Advertisement
“ Any real change requires the inclusion of a strong public option to promote competition and bring down costs , ” Pelosi said .
“ If a vigorous public option is not included , it would be a major victory for the health insurance industry . ”
Pelosi ’s remarks come less than one week before President Barack Obama delivers an address to a joint session of Congress as part of a re-launched campaign effort to sell his health care reform bill to both lawmakers and the public .
White House aides have said the president will use the speech to offer more detail than he has so far about what sort of bill he'd like to reach his desk .
“ President Obama has said that a public option will keep the insurance companies honest .
If someone has a better idea for promoting competition and reducing health care costs , they should put it on the table , ” Pelosi said .
“ But for the past month , opponents of health insurance reform have demonstrated that they are afraid of the facts .
They have only offered distortions , distractions and misrepresentations to try to kill this historic legislation . ”
“ A bill without a strong public option will not pass the House , ” Pelosi said .
“ Eliminating the public option would be a major victory for the insurance companies who have rationed care , increased premiums and denied coverage . ”
The head of Bush ’s WMD terrorism unit is on HuffPo tonight warning us it ’s too dangerous to prosecute torturers
Saying he is against torture and supported Obama , Charles Faddis says that “ initiating this inquiry , directed as it is at serving CIA officers in the field , is a disaster . ”
There are two problems with that statement .
First , the CIA officers calling shots from Langley under direct orders from the White House .
Torture decisions were made by amateur torture “ experts ” at the behest of political appointees .
And they started before they even had a presidential directive .
Second : as a result of torture prosecutions , the only thing CIA officers will become more “ cautious ” on is torture , and that is not a bad thing .
Every soldier is indoctrinated in the Law of Land Warfare in basic training .
Following an illegal order ( “ torture the prisoners ” ) is illegal , and soldiers cannot use it as a defense .
The same rule applies here : they knew it was wrong , and they did it anyway .
After being disingenuous , Faddis tries to stoke fear in his readers .
Saying the agency is in need of overhaul , he invokes Cheneyesque imagery :
We should be pursuing all of this with the sense of urgency that the world situation demands , moving now , before a group releases the plague in Washington or detonates a nuclear device in Manhattan .
Here ’s the Amazon blurb for Faddis ’s forthcoming book :
Charles Faddis , co-author of Operation Hotel California , offers gritty , hair - raising stories about the CIA , which has devolved into a giant bureaucracy of ass- coverers and careerists – not the kind of people you want in charge of preventing another 9/11 .
He discusses the birth of the CIA ( then called the OSS ) after an earlier Day of Infamy ( 12/7 ) under “ Wild Bill ” Donovan , the 20th - century American father of spy-craft , and how it works from the inside out , and why things have gone awry .
In the face of threats that are multiplying and becoming increasingly complex , he tells why we need an effective CIA and how to go about building one .
I ’m going to hazard a wild guess and say Faddis is the CIA agent other agents find annoying .
Abstract Travel across multiple time zones results in desynchronization of environmental time cues and the sleep–wake schedule from their normal phase relationships with the endogenous circadian system .
Circadian misalignment can result in poor neurobehavioral performance , decreased sleep efficiency , and inappropriately timed physiological signals including gastrointestinal activity and hormone release .
Frequent and repeated transmeridian travel is associated with long - term cognitive deficits , and rodents experimentally exposed to repeated schedule shifts have increased death rates .
One approach to reduce the short - term circadian , sleep–wake , and performance problems is to use mathematical models of the circadian pacemaker to design countermeasures that rapidly shift the circadian pacemaker to align with the new schedule .
In this paper , the use of mathematical models to design sleep–wake and countermeasure schedules for improved performance is demonstrated .
We present an approach to designing interventions that combines an algorithm for optimal placement of countermeasures with a novel mode of schedule representation .
With these methods , rapid circadian resynchrony and the resulting improvement in neurobehavioral performance can be quickly achieved even after moderate to large shifts in the sleep –wake schedule .
The key schedule design inputs are endogenous circadian period length , desired sleep –wake schedule , length of intervention , background light level , and countermeasure strength .
The new schedule representation facilitates schedule design , simulation studies , and experiment design and significantly decreases the amount of time to design an appropriate intervention .
The method presented in this paper has direct implications for designing jet lag , shift - work , and non -24 - hour schedules , including scheduling for extreme environments , such as in space , undersea , or in polar regions .
Author Summary
Traveling across several times zones can cause an individual to experience “ jet lag , ” which includes trouble sleeping at night and trouble remaining awake during the day .
A major cause of these effects is the desynchronization between the body 's internal circadian clock and local environmental cues .
A well - known intervention to resynchronize an individual 's clock with the environment is appropriately timed light exposure .
Used as an intervention , properly timed light stimuli can reset an individual 's internal circadian clock to align with local time , resulting in more efficient sleep , a decrease in fatigue , and an increase in cognitive performance .
The contrary is also true : poorly timed light exposure can prolong the resynchronization process .
In this paper , we present a computational method for automatically determining the proper placement of these interventional light stimuli .
We used this method to simulate shifting sleep –wake schedules ( as seen in jet lag situations ) and design interventions .
Essential to our approach is the use of mathematical models that simulate the body 's internal circadian clock and its effect on human performance .
Our results include quicker design of multiple schedule alternatives and predictions of substantial performance improvements relative to no intervention .
Therefore , our methods allow us to use these models not only to assess schedules but also to interactively design schedules that will result in improved performance .
Citation : Dean DA , II , Forger DB , Klerman EB ( 2009 ) Taking the Lag out of Jet Lag through Model - Based Schedule Design .
PLoS Comput Biol 5 ( 6 ) : e1000418 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000418
Editor : Karl J. Friston , University College London , United Kingdom Received : October 17 , 2008 ; Accepted : May 14 , 2009 ; Published : June 19 , 2009 Copyright : © 2009 Dean et al .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding :
The work described in this article was supported by US AFOSR F49620-95-1-0388 and F49620-95-1-0388 , NASA Cooperative Agreement NCC 9 –58 with NSBRI HPF - 00405 , NIH M01 - RR02635 and NIH R01 - NS36590 .
EBK is also supported by NIH K02 - HD045459 .
DBF is an AFOSR Young investigator .
DAD is also supported by T32 HL07901 - 10 .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
Competing interests :
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Introduction Endogenous circadian ( ∼ 24 hour ) rhythms are important physiological regulators of sleep quality and duration , hormone levels , mood ( including alertness ) , and cognitive neurobehavioral performance in humans [ 1 ] .
The significant effect of circadian timing ( phase ) on performance has been shown experimentally ( e.g. , [ 2 ] – [ 6 ] and in epidemiologic studies of accidents [ 7 ] – [ 17 ] .
Changes in light exposure , sleep - wake patterns , and circadian rhythms associated with jet lag , space travel , and some work schedules have profound effects on multiple physiologic systems , including performance [ 1 ] , [ 18 ] – [ 23 ] .
The phase and amplitude of endogenous circadian rhythms , generated by a self - sustained pacemaker in the hypothalamus , are affected by ocular light stimuli [ 24 ] , [ 25 ] .
Therefore light stimuli have been used to shift the circadian pacemaker to be aligned with a new sleep - wake schedule , resulting in an increase in subjective alertness and objective performance at desired times compared with schedules without properly timed light pulses [ 2 ] , [ 26 ] .
Ocular light stimuli can accelerate the re-entrainment of the circadian system with the new sleep - wake schedule [ 27 ] – [ 33 ] or maintain circadian entrainment [ 34 ] – [ 37 ] .
Many characteristics of light are important : the wavelength , timing , intensity , and duration of a light pulse all have non-linear effects on the magnitude and direction of a circadian phase shift [ 31 ] , [ 38 ] – [ 43 ] .
Even the intensity of indoor light can have significant impact on the circadian phase of individuals [ 44 ] .
In addition , because of non-linear photic processing by the retina , intermittent light exposure is disproportionately effective relative to a continuous light exposure : light stimuli that comprise 23 % of the time during a total stimulus length of 6.5 hours resulted in phase resetting 74 % of that observed after light exposure during the entire 6.5 hours [ 31 ] .
This non-linear circadian rhythm response to light stimuli [ 41 ] , [ 45 ] – [ 47 ] means that it is difficult to develop general rules for designing interventions or countermeasures ( CMs ) that facilitate re-entrainment to a shifted sleep - wake cycle .
Therefore , a mathematical model of the effect of light on the circadian pacemaker is required to accurately predict the non-linear relationship between light input and the resulting circadian phase and amplitude .
Mathematical models of the circadian pacemaker and its effects on performance and alertness have been used for at least 20 years .
The models aim to predict performance for a range of experimental and operational schedules or applications [ 48 ] , [ 49 ] .
To distribute and use these models , specialized software has been developed [ 48 ] , [ 49 ] , resulting in a wider range of individuals accessing and using these mathematical models .
However , previous work has used the models only to evaluate the effect of light and sleep - wake schedules on circadian phase or performance .
There has been very little work done on developing systematic methods for designing schedules or CMs .
Herein , we advance the functionality of a mathematical model of the effect of light on the circadian pacemaker and a model of circadian effects on performance to design CMs that facilitate re-entrainment of the circadian pacemaker and therefore optimal performance following a shift in sleep - wake schedule .
In this paper , we present a framework for using mathematical models of the human circadian pacemaker and performance to automatically design ocular light stimuli as CMs for a user - defined schedule in which the sleep - wake or work schedule is not at optimal circadian times .
While this example uses light as the CM , the methods that we have derived can be used for other CMs , such as pharmaceuticals [ 1 ] , [ 50 ] , and for other physiological systems affected by the circadian system ( e.g. , endocrine concentrations instead of performance ) .
The method includes the development of a new mode of schedule representation that allows for schedule optimization problems to be quickly specified and solved within an analytical and computational framework .
Designing a schedule with optimal CMs presents multiple challenges .
( 1 ) Specifying CM location , duration , and intensity can be a combinatorially difficult problem : as the number of days to optimize increases , the number of possible CM placements increases exponentially , making the computation of all possible schedules intractable for long schedules if the method used involves systematic search of possible solutions .
( 2 ) Each schedule may have additional scheduling constraints ( e.g. , specific work tasks must occur at predetermined times ; light CM must occur during the waking day ; sleep episodes must be 8 hours in duration ) .
( 3 ) Each schedule is evaluated with a non-linear mathematical model .
With a non-linear model , small changes in the input ( schedule design ) can result in varying changes in output ( prediction of circadian phase and performance ) .
One possible approach to framing the CM design problem is to seek a single solution based on minimizing a specific metric .
Optimization of light input to the circadian pacemaker has been approached through the calculus of variation [ 51 ] and model - based predictive control [ 52 ] , [ 53 ] .
Both approaches provide a technique for determining an analytical solution to the optimization problem .
Most notably , one group has demonstrated the use of control theory techniques to evaluate multiple molecular controls to a circadian clock in a non-linear control framework [ 54 ] .
Our approach and subsequent problem definition differs from a purely optimization approach and emphasizes schedule design .
Rather than seeking a single solution , the methods presented aim to develop a framework for allowing schedule / experiment designers to explicitly explore tradeoffs between design parameters such as light duration and intensity , because they may be flexible in the operational setting .
Hence , our method allows for multiple solutions to be determined while providing mechanisms for maintaining scheduling constraints .
The time required to manually manipulate and simulate schedule variations limits the number of schedules that can be evaluated .
The time spent on schedule design can be attributed to : ( 1 ) entering complicated and long sleep - wake schedules into the models , and ( 2 ) satisfying a dynamic set of scheduling constraints , such as scheduling specific events relative to each other .
Consider a 24.65 hour “ day ” as experienced by ground - based employees working on Mars - related missions , such as the 2008 NASA Phoenix mission .
These 24.65 - hr “ days ” are outside the range of circadian entrainment for many individuals under low light intensity levels ( < 40 lux ) and without a light CM [ 36 ] , [ 55 ] , [ 56 ] .
An obvious question to ask of the mathematical models is what light level would be required to maintain entrainment or to ensure high levels of performance at operationally significant times ( e.g. , during launch or landing ) .
One way to answer this question is to change the light levels at different times within each wake episode and rerun the protocol until a result is achieved .
This exhaustive search simulation process ( usually involving manually manipulating schedule parameters ) has been used successfully to design experimental protocols or operational schedules , and has resulted in insights into the response of the circadian pacemaker to different stimuli [ 31 ] , [ 35 ] , [ 57 ] .
However , manual analysis of schedules that include multiple possible changes in scheduled sleep - wake and multiple possible changes in timing and intensity of light as done in a study of humans living on a non - 24 - hour day [ 57 ] may require several weeks .
Therefore , manual manipulation of schedules is not conducive to CM or schedule optimization projects .
We define the light CM design problem as follows : given an operational schedule , determine the timing , intensity , and duration of a CM so that circadian phase is aligned with the new sleep - wake schedule to optimize sleep , alertness , and performance , as required .
To solve this design problem , we present a new algorithmic method - the circadian adjustment method ( CAM ) - that can be used to quickly and effectively design light CM for jet lag or shift - work or other shifted sleep schedules and for extreme environments ( e.g. , space , aquatic , earth poles ) that include low light levels and non -24 - hour cycles .
To allow for families of designs to be generated , CM strength ( duration and intensity ) are set according to user design constraints ( i.e. , available hardware light intensity , available time for light exposure ) .
The CAM then determines optimal placement given the user - specified CM strength .
Thus , our method allows for both user - specified parameters ( e.g. , intensity and duration ) and algorithmically determined parameters ( e.g. , timing ) .
To illustrate our algorithm , we design an intervention for a 12 - hour shift in sleep - wake schedule ; this phase shift is similar to what an individual would experience in traveling from , e.g. , New York to Hong Kong .
This shifting problem was selected because it is both theoretically ( the maximum that can occur on earth ) and operationally significant .
In the operational setting , both absolute performance and the duration for which performance levels can be maintained are important .
Therefore , the measures of interest were speed of circadian phase adjustment , quartiles of absolute performance within each waking day and across days , relative changes in performance quartiles , and the cumulative probability distribution of performance .
Methods Mathematical model
We used a mathematical model of the effect of light on the circadian pacemaker and a linked mathematical model of the effects of the circadian system and sleep - wake state on neurobehavioral performance and alertness [ 58 ] , [ 59 ] .
Each component of these models reflects physiological processes .
A schematic of the models is shown in Figure 1A .
The model of the effect of light on the circadian pacemaker uses modified Van der Pol oscillator equations , with endogenous circadian period and light intensity as a function of time as input .
The model then predicts circadian phase and amplitude [ 58 ] , [ 59 ] .
The model 's phase and amplitude predictions have been experimentally correlated with established circadian markers ( e.g. , [ 31 ] , [ 40 ] , [ 41 ] , [ 60 ] , [ 61 ] ) .
Figure 1B illustrates the general relationship between the timing of a light pulse and the direction and magnitude of the subsequent phase shift , producing a “ phase response curve ” ( PRC ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 . Schema of the mathematical model and the simulated PRC to light .
Panel A . A schematic of the circadian and performance / alertness mathematical models [ 58 ] , [ 59 ] .
Both light intensity and endogenous period ( “ tau ” ) are inputs to the circadian model to make predictions of the phase and amplitude of the circadian pacemaker .
The inputs to the neurobehavioral models are the sleep - wake times and the output of the circadian model .
The outputs of the performance models include subjective alertness and objective performance measures .
Panel B. Schematic of a phase response curve ( PRC ) to light stimuli .
Circadian phase in hours ( Φi ) is displayed on the x-axis .
Circadian Phase = 0 corresponds to the time of the minimum of the core body temperature , an accepted circadian phase marker .
The y - axis displays the change in circadian phase ( ΔΦ ) ( = phase after stimulus minus phase before stimulus ( Φi ) ) following a light countermeasure centered at Φi .
The PRC consists of two regions : a phase delay ( negative phase shift ) and a phase advance ( positive phase shift ) region .
If a light stimulus occurs in the delay region , the subsequent circadian phase will occur at a later clock time ; the opposite is true for the advance region .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000418.g001
In the linked mathematical model of neurobehavioral performance and alertness , the key components are circadian , homeostatic , and sleep inertia functions .
The circadian component is the component of performance that is modulated by circadian phase and amplitude ; its values are determined from the model of the effects of light on the human circadian pacemaker .
The homeostatic component models the effect of time asleep or awake on performance .
More specifically , the homeostatic component of performance specifies the decrease in performance during wake and the recovery of performance during sleep .
Lastly , the sleep inertia component models the transient low levels of alertness or performance observed immediately after awakening .
Sleep inertia is the grogginess experienced immediately after awakening .
Performance and alertness values are scaled between 0 and 1 , with 1 being the maximum possible performance .
The overall structure of the performance and alertness models are the same , although the equations are different for each performance or alertness measure [ 58 ] .
This work has been validated with data collected in extended wake and non -24 - hour experimental protocols [ 58 ] , [ 62 ] , [ 63 ] .
For brevity , only the “ performance ” model for a serial addition task will be used in this manuscript .
The mathematical models can be summarized in a functional form as follows : ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) where represents the circadian model , represents the performance model , represents the circadian component of performance , represents the homeostatic component of performance , represents sleep inertia , and represents overall performance .
Although , the components are described separately in the equations above , there is a non-linear interaction between the circadian and homeostatic components in the current formulation of [ 58 ] .
Note that the functional form of the circadian and performance models is presented to facilitate the specification of our algorithm .
Our algorithm assumes that the functional form of the models relates to a set of differential equations that have been validated with experimental data .
Schedule representation A protocol is defined as a list of events ( e ) that occur sequentially in time .
Each event is defined by setting a duration ( d ) , light intensity ( l ) , and sleep - wake state ( σ ) as shown in Equations 4 – 6 : ( 4 ) where the sleep - wake state ( σ ) is defined to be sleep ( s ) or wake ( w ) such that : ( 5 ) Consequently , a protocol can be defined as a collection of events or as the time - varying vector of duration , light intensity , or sleep - wake state ( Equation 6 ) : ( 6 ) The parameterized form of an event is a schedule building block , which is the schedule primitive used in our representation ( Figure 2 ) .
It is specified formally as : ( 7 ) where is a vector of parameters : ( 8 ) We define a schedule as a list of schedule building blocks : ( 9 ) By instantiating ( ) the parameters of a schedule ( ) , the schedule can be represented as a collection of time - varying vectors ( Equation 10 ) : ( 10 ) The value of D is the total number of parameters for the entire schedule , and c i represents the current parameter value .
By convention , we assume the parameters and the constant values are evaluated from left to right .
The schedule representation has been restricted to a regular grammar [ 64 ] , which is a simple language specification that allows us to specify a simple parser ( based on finite state machines ) to evaluate the schedule and to convert the schedule into a form suitable for simulation and optimization studies .
This schedule building block design allows information regarding clock time and biological time of day ( circadian phase predictions ) to be used in an optimization framework while maintaining schedule constraints .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 2 . Examples of ‘ Schedule Building Blocks ’ .
Note that the constraint in the “ Constrained Countermeasure ” is assumed to be a timing - related constraint and is therefore instantiated in the countermeasure start time and countermeasure length parameters .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000418.g002
Simulating a schedule
We first simulate the circadian phase and amplitude predictions of that schedule using the mathematical model .
We then use these phase predictions to select optimal regions for placing CMs , using the circadian and performance model presented above .
To generalize the application of this class of models , we introduce the following notation for predicting circadian phase given a mathematical model ( ) , a schedule ( ) , and the endogenous period ( τ ) of the pacemaker ( Equation 11 ) : ( 11 ) L is the model of the circadian effect of light on the pacemaker , and the schedule is represented as a list of building blocks ( eq. 9 ) .
Each building block has a variable list of parameters , as noted above .
We use the time of the core body temperature ( CBT ) minimum , the circadian marker to which this model has traditionally been referenced , for the circadian phase marker .
The phase of the CBT minimum can be represented as : ( 12 ) where is a function that extracts the model - predicted circadian phase minima per 24 hours from the specified schedule and is a vector of discrete CBT minima .
The performance model can be compactly represented as a function of the schedule and the prediction of circadian phase .
( 13 ) Defining the optimization problem
We first compare the baseline phase angle difference ( i.e. , between predicted and habitual wake ) with the predicted phase angle during the shifted sleep episode .
The shifted sleep episode is determined by selecting the sleep events .
The target phase angle is computed by adding the start of the sleep event to the length of the sleep event and subtracting the baseline phase angle : ( 14 ) The objective function for this optimization problem is designed to minimize the absolute value of the difference between the predicted phase angle and the target phase angle .
( 15 ) The simulated phase , due to the schedule building block formulation , is a function of the parameters of schedule ( S ) and the endogenous period of the pacemaker : ( 16 ) To obtain a closed form of the objective function , Equation 10 is substituted into Equation 16 to yield : ( 17 ) Equation 17 is a compact form of the schedule optimization problem and is a function of schedule parameters and the endogenous period of the circadian pacemaker .
Circadian Adjustment Method ( CAM )
The CAM is an iterative technique that uses information about predicted circadian phase to determine placement of CMs such that the final result is robust and optimal .
The steps involved in this technique are : Use Equation 12 to simulate the schedule ( 18 ) Compute the initial placement of the CM Results section .
( 19 ) Adjust CM placements [ 65 ] .
Type 0 resetting is described below .
( 20 ) Substitute
The nature of the CAM is to exploit the physiological effect of placing a bright light pulse prior to the CBT minimum , which results in shifting the subsequent CBT minimum to a later clock time .
Traditionally , determining the effect of a light pulse is accomplished with a PRC ( e.g. , Figure 1B ) in which the relative phase shift is shown on the ordinate and the timing relative to the CBT minimum ( or other phase angle measure ) is displayed on the abscissa .
Rather than look up values on a static PRC , a mathematical model of the effect of light on the circadian pacemaker is used here .
Through simulating the schedule , the mathematical models can be used to generate the phase response based on the lighting conditions .
The mathematical model of the effects of light on the human circadian pacemaker is capable of simulating the experimentally observed Type 0 response to light , which includes traversing a singularity region in phase space , similar to being exactly at the north or south pole , which has no defined longitude ( analogous to no phase / time ) .
The exclusion of the Type 0 resetting solution is part of the overall CAM strategy of obtaining a solution for a single solution space .
The exclusion of the Type 0 solution space is further justified because it is technically difficult to achieve Type 0 resetting , and a phase shift in the wrong direction could easily occur from a slightly mistimed stimulus in this region .
Further details of the convergence characteristics of the CAM are presented in a computational proof of convergence in the Supporting Information ( Text S1 ) .
Software Shifter is a prototype scheduling software constructed to use the schedule building blocks in conjunction with the CAM to design and optimize schedules .
Its implementation includes the formalism and nomenclature presented above for models , schedules , simulation mechanics , and the CAM .
Shifter was implemented in MATLAB version 7.7 ( Natick , MA ) .
Shifter 's graphical user interface was developed with Guide ( MATLAB 's graphical user interface development tool ) .
The schedule building blocks are implemented as MATLAB functions .
Each building block is designed to be called with a variable number of parameters .
The optimization interface is designed to use both the CAM and Nelder - Mead ( MATLAB 's fminsearch function ) to allow schedules with a variable number of parameters to be optimized .
Additional details of Shifter 's functionality are presented in the Supporting Information ( Text S1 , Figure S3 , Figure S4 , and Figure S5 ) .
Discussion
The primary contribution of this work is an efficient and practical approach to designing re-entrainment schedules that uses both a novel schedule representation ( schedule building blocks ) and a novel algorithm for locating optimal solutions ( circadian adjustment method , CAM ) .
Our algorithm provides advantages over existing circadian schedule design techniques that evaluate a large number of schedules ( genetic algorithms , enumeration ) or use existing optimization techniques ( Nelder - Mead , gradient descent , optimal control theory ) .
Enumeration of all possible schedules quickly becomes computationally intractable as the number of days in the schedule increases .
Existing optimization techniques are generally formulated to extract one solution that may be unrealistic in the operational setting .
Our algorithm has been designed specifically to allow for multiple solutions to be determined through the specification of design and optimization parameters .
The schedule design parameters ( i.e. light level , light duration , sleep length ) allow for families of schedules to be considered , which is analogous to facilitating constrained enumeration through the use of schedule building blocks .
Consequently , a key contribution of the method is the integration of the schedule representation with an optimization approach , which gives the advantage of evaluating a large number of schedules with optimization , while reducing the drawbacks when each approach is used alone .
The CAM is designed to both exploit features of the solution space and to have good convergence characteristics .
In practice , optimizing Equation 17 directly is challenging due to multiple solutions to the entrainment problem .
The mathematical formulation of the circadian models allows for phase advances , phase delays , and phase jumps through the singularity region ( Type 0 resetting ) [ 65 ] .
Phase jumps through the singularity region have been shown experimentally and mathematically .
However , the practical difficulty in targeting the singularity regions ( to date there is only one experimental demonstration in humans [ 65 ] ) may make the approach operationally impractical .
From an operational design perspective , the ability to choose a particular solution has advantages , since the schedule may contain other phase advance or delay characteristics .
Consequently , a key feature of the CAM is to select the specific solution region ( phase delay or phase advance ) in which to optimize .
The CAM insures that CM starting values are near the maximum shift of the region , which in turn insures that computational efforts are not wasted in poor solution spaces .
We have shown that a mathematical model of the effect of light on circadian phase and the effects of circadian rhythms and length of time awake on performance can be used to automatically design light CMs to facilitate re-entrainment after a shift in schedule .
Our work illustrates that the CM design process can be divided into schedule specification and schedule optimization components .
The schedule specification component allows users to define a parameterized schedule and arbitrary schedule constraints .
The schedule optimization component optimizes the objective function constructed from user - specified parameters .
The method extracts operationally relevant information such as the timing of wake episodes and predicted circadian phase levels from mathematical simulation that is used to optimize CMs .
The scheduled building block formulation of the CAM is an iterative procedure whose functional form is motivated by the lambda calculus [ 69 ] .
A practical benefit of the lambda calculus specification is a precise and unambiguous implementation prescription , through functional programming methods [ 69 ] , that outlines the transition of the algorithm to software .
It also allows formal analysis ( convergence , running time , memory requirements ) .
Moreover , the nomenclature and formalism provide standard interfaces for which to study different schedules , different optimization methods , and different models .
The formalism and hence the software implementation are designed to evolve as new models , methods , and schedules are considered .
Thus , a major goal of the formalism is to provide a mechanism to maximize the use of existing software implementation and minimize the amount of software development required for studying different aspects of schedule design .
The iterative procedure converges quickly for a variety of operationally relevant conditions .
The method results in a substantial reduction of design time compared with manual analysis , which , in our experience , reduces the design of intervention schedules from the order of days to minutes .
The convergence and computationally efficient characteristics of our methods are suitable for interactive design of schedules .
Recall that our test problem was to determine the duration , intensity , and placement of light that facilitates re-entrainment of the circadian system .
Our system has both user - specified ( duration and intensity ) and algorithmic ( placement ) parameters .
The user pre-sets the CM duration and intensity based on operational constraints .
The CAM then determines the CM placement for optimizing re-entrainment .
Since the algorithm generally convergences in less than two minutes on a laptop computer , the methods can be used to interactively design , evaluate , and compare several alternative designs ( e.g. , different durations and intensities ) in real time [ 70 ] – [ 72 ] .
Although we used a simple test example , our methodology could easily be expanded to include different shifting strategies .
For example , one strategy in the literature is to use light as a CM to advance the schedule prior to phase delaying [ 73 ] .
To search for the appropriate advancing schedule , we would have to change the instructions in step 3 of the CAM to place the light pulse just after the CBT minimum , as determined by the PRC to light .
Our method , therefore , is easily adjustable so that studies of schedules with both advances and delays could be determined and evaluated .
Whereas in this work light was used as the CM , the methodological framework was designed to be easily extended to include different CMs , such as naps , caffeine , or other pharmaceutical agents .
The only requirement is that a phase response curve for that CM exists .
A planned addition to the work is computing confidence intervals for the CM placements and performing a sensitivity analysis on schedule parameters .
A general statistical framework for comparing alternative schedule designs , determining schedule parameter confidence intervals , and computing parameter sensitivity will also be important .
Implications of results on schedule design
These simulations have multiple implications for schedule design .
( 1 ) Schedules that use CM at the time of greatest effect result in faster re-entrainment of the circadian system .
Under entrained conditions , CBT minimum ( the time of maximum sensitivity to light stimuli , see Figures 1B and 3 ) occurs during sleep , approximately 2 hours before scheduled wake .
Therefore , light exposure as a CM at this circadian - sensitive time can only occur when sleep timing is shifted .
( 2 ) While the magnitude of phase advances are nearly equal to that of phase delays ( Figure 3 - A ) , the narrow maximum phase advance region may be an impractical target for operational environments .
( 3 ) The difference between upper and lower quartiles of performance ( Figure 5 - B ) may be a strong indicator of circadian entrainment .
Examining quartiles of performance may be an appropriate surrogate for circadian entrainment which is currently not possible to assess in real time in the operational setting .
Analysis of experimental and field data is required to validate this prediction .
This method may also be valuable in determining the number of days a CM is required .
For example in Figure 5 , note that , with a CM , on day 11 the difference between upper and lower quartiles returns to the baseline value .
In subsequent days , the difference falls to below that of baseline .
A plausible interpretation of this finding is that CMs are only required up to day 11 .
Applying CMs on future days may not only be unnecessary and costly in time and responses but may also result in further , undesired , changes in the relationship between predicted circadian phase and the wake episode ( Figure 4 - A2 ) .
An example of the effect of inappropriately timed bright light pulses is in the Supporting Information ( Text S1 and Figure S1 ) .
Estimating the light levels is an important aspect of using these models .
We have found that reasonable modeling predictions can be made with limited information about background light for indoor and outdoor conditions ( Dean , personal communication ) .
The ability to use averaged light levels is a direct consequence of the underlying mathematical models and is due to the non-linear response of the circadian pacemaker to light .
Consequently , only the order of magnitude of the light - level is important for these simulations [ 59 ] .
The light preprocessor in our model also acts as a low pass filter , smoothing ( in the time domain ) the light information input to the pacemaker .
In practice , the intrinsic circadian period parameter can be used to design group and individual interventions , since intrinsic period length is normally distributed [ 74 ] .
When the individual circadian period has been determined experimentally , the measured or derived ( e.g. , from other physiologic measures such as the phase relationship between circadian phase and sleep - wake schedule [ 75 ] ) intrinsic period should be used and will result in an individualized design of light placement .
Several aspects of the schedule design problem warrant further study : ( 1 ) formal methods for embedding schedule constraints , ( 2 ) alternative objective functions , ( 3 ) initializing and optimizing schedule parameters , and ( 4 ) statistical methods for comparing and evaluating schedules .
In future work , the current building block formulation of the CAM will be expanded to incorporate additional scheduling components and constraints , allowing for a range of schedule optimization problems to be studied .
Implications of results for other computational problems
The novelty of this work is the coupling of schedule representation that facilitates both maintaining constraints and optimization in a modular format .
The representation of the problem within a “ building block ” ( Figure 2 ) that can be optimized is the core of the work .
We anticipate that these methods can be generalized for use with other optimization problems that have inherent constraints ( operational and biological ) and with other optimization methods .
Our aim in developing a specific module for jet lag is to demonstrate the efficacy of our framework and the computational advance .
Our future work will proceed in two directions .
The first is to develop modules ( schedule building blocks and corresponding mathematical models ) for optimizing additional CMs including melatonin [ 76 ] , [ 77 ] .
Properly timed melatonin is effective in shifting the circadian system .
The second area of work will be to enhance the schedule building block formulation to include additional operational - related constraints and countermeasure design strategies .
Our simulation studies show that , when timed correctly , CM light intensity and duration affect the magnitude of the shift in circadian phase ( Figure 3 ) .
Consequently , the CAM emphasizes the optimization of pulse placement without regard to pulse duration or intensity .
Bright light strength ( duration and intensity ) can then be used as design variables to adjust for differences in available lighting hardware , conflicts of scheduled bright light exposure time with other operational activities , and personal preferences in acceptable bright light strength .
Acknowledgments
We thank Mr. Jason Sullivan for providing comment to early versions of the manuscript and Jerry Xu and Dennis Gurgul the Enterprise Research IS group at Partners Healthcare for their in - depth support and for provision of the HPC facilities .
Author Contributions Conceived and designed the experiments : DAD DBF EBK .
Performed the experiments : DAD .
Analyzed the data : DAD DBF EBK .
Wrote the paper : DAD EBK .
Edited the paper : DBF .
Spacecraft Talk Continued During JPL Wildfire Threat
As the flames of the raging brush fire dubbed the Station Fire threatened the northern edge of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory on Saturday , Aug. 29 , the managers of NASA 's Deep Space Network prepared for the worst .
The Deep Space Operations Center at JPL is the nerve center for the Deep Space Network , an international network of antennas that send and receive information to interplanetary spacecraft .
Staffed 24/7 , 365 days a year , the JPL hub is constantly active connecting three major antenna sites , numerous mission operation centers run by NASA and an international group of space agencies , and more than 30 spacecraft flying throughout our solar system .
"
We were more like the nervous center that weekend than the nerve center , " said Wayne Sible of JPL , the network 's deputy program manager for Deep Space Network development , operations and services .
The Deep Space Network operations managers knew that , fire or no fire , time was critical for sending software programs to and downloading diagnostic information from several spacecraft , including the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , which had an unexpected computer reboot the day the fire started on Aug. 26 , and the Dawn spacecraft , on its way to the asteroid belt .
The network 's antennas that send and receive information to spacecraft , located at Goldstone , in California 's Mojave Desert ; near Madrid , Spain ; and near Canberra , Australia , were never in danger .
But Sible and Jim Hodder , the network 's operations manager , got word on Friday , Aug. 28 , that the Station fire , which started in the San Gabriel Mountains above the Laboratory , was burning towards JPL .
Emergency managers and senior JPL administrators called for JPL to be closed , except for essential personnel , on Friday evening .
A flurry of phone calls followed -- to the Deep Space Network team , the mission operation centers and ITT Systems Division , the contractor that provides the operators for the operations center at JPL .
On a phone call with Hodder , the team decided to move network operators to a facility in Monrovia , Calif. , where other support work is normally conducted for the Deep Space Network .
The Monrovia building - about 15 miles from JPL -- offered basic access to the critical systems , though the operators would not be able to use personalized computer scripts or notes that facilitate their work .
It seemed practical , since activating the emergency control center at the Goldstone complex in California 's Mojave Desert would be more disruptive and require some suspension of communications while they moved staff 150 miles to that location .
Two of the five Deep Space Network operators on weekend duty were sent to Monrovia , but three volunteered to stay at the control center at JPL , to ensure systems continued to operate normally , to keep connections open with the flight projects , and to maintain the flow of engineering and science data to flight projects and scientists around the globe .
The three who stayed at JPL - along with about 40 other mission - critical personnel at any given time - were told not to spend much time outside .
Hodder called frequently to check on the health of the crew and to obtain status reports on the network .
On Saturday afternoon , Sible and Hodder were ready to pull out those remaining three operators and put further communications with the network on hold if the fire reached the Mesa , a flat helipad and testing site at the northern edge of JPL .
That afternoon , the fire burned to within an eighth of a mile of the northern border of the lab .
Emergency managers told staff to be ready to evacuate in 30 minutes .
Thankfully , with fire department handcrews cutting firebreaks , helicopters and fixed - wing aircraft dropping water and flame retardant , and the wind shifting , the danger passed on Saturday night .
An unpleasant haze of smoke settled on the lab , but the air had cleared enough for the network operators in Monrovia to return to JPL Monday evening .
The rest of JPL opened as usual on Tuesday morning at 6 a.m .
In the end , the Deep Space Network was able to complete its 182 scheduled uploading and downloading sessions with spacecraft over the weekend without interruption .
" It went very well , " Sible said .
" Nobody saw any hiccups whatsoever .
" More information on the Deep Space Network is online at http://deepspace.jpl.nasa.gov/dsn/
Progressives around the country are pointing with concern to the antics of conservative activists over the course of the last few weeks .
Left - leaning blogs such as DailyKos and ThinkProgress are afire with examples of conservatives acting badly :
Progressives deride these awful , frequently dangerous , and racist behaviors , and they then rightly call on conservative leadership to distance itself from these activities .
Let me suggest though that if we wait for conservative leaders to show concern about the threat to civility and public safety in this new wave of “ activism , ” then progressives might as well surrender on climate change , health care reform , immigration , and just about everything else we stand for .
For many progressives , this same type of angry , scary conservative activism was first on full display less than a year ago at the presidential rallies of Sen.
John McCain ( D - AZ ) and Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska , when activists at their rallies shouted " terrorist , " and " kill him " about Barack Obama .
But for those of us who work on immigration reform , we had seen this type of extreme right political theater well before then .
The strategies used by the " tea - party " clique , screamers in town halls , as well as conservative talk radio and television personalities were perfected in fighting progressive immigration reform .
So here are some lessons that we have learned that hopefully will help our progressive allies in the health care reform , climate change , and energy debates as they go up against protesters organized and directed by a clutch of extreme right - wing groups in Washington , D.C .
These forces are organized and driven from above
While it is important strategically that anti-immigrant and now anti-health care forces appear to be simple manifestations of spontaneous disgust with progressive legislation , that is simply not the case .
There are a small number of Washington - based organizations that provide strategy , funding , and talking points to " grassroots " groups .
In the case of the anti-immigrant cause , FAIR , NumbersUSA , and the Center for Immigration Studies , provide legal support and regional organizers to foster local groups , give them talking points and organizing strategies , as well as furnish them with easy - to - use online tools to get in touch with their members of Congress .
In the anti-health reform arena , well - funded groups such as Americans for Prosperity , Conservatives for Patients Rights , and FreedomWorks play the same role .
Other groups , among them Grassfire.org , are happy to switch between immigration , health care , and climate change to mobilize mostly manufactured conservative rage wherever they can find it .
The lesson :
All strategies involving pushing back against these astro -turf forces should include addressing the national organizations , not just their local tentacles .
Research how they are funded , what their ultimate goals are and what means they use to engage local activists .
Then build the capacity to address them accordingly .
At the same time , it is important to ensure that local media treat the local manifestations of these groups as what they are ; part of a conservative national strategy .
These abusive hecklers are not local , suddenly angry people who otherwise might vote for a progressive .
On the immigration front , we learned that these organizations built large lists of issue - specific activists , boast sizable online organizing capacity , and direct specific field operations .
With this information in hand , we are able to specifically organize responses to what they do and understand they are our primary nemesis , not some amorphous and spontaneous " will of the people . "
There are often strong ties to overtly racist groups
The leading anti-immigrant organization NumbersUSA often speaks about how it opposes racism .
Yet if you go to the neo - Nazi website Vinlanders.com , right near the top of the page is a button linking you to NumbersUSA .
And NumbersUSA consistently buys ads with known hate groups denouncing immigration reform .
You will find the same thing around those highly organized tea parties .
Posters on the white nationalist Stormfront.org website regularly encourage others to come out to tea party activities .
Indeed , the Anti-Defamation League reports that at some " tea parties , " white nationalists described being well received by conservative activists when passing out hateful literature while elsewhere they were not .
The heavy involvement of social misfits , racists , and thugs does not happen by coincidence .
It is instead an organizing strategy .
The Washington - based conservative organizations ’ goal ?
To get people who are willing to come out for the cause no matter how destructive their behaviors or wrong their worldview .
Whatever the foot soldiers believe and however they behave is okay as long as they are willing to show up in numbers and yell out carefully scripted talking points .
That ’s why NumbersUSA chief executive Roy Beck and the leaders of other large Washington - based anti-immigration groups have spoken at meetings of the Council of Conservative Citizens , a virulently racist organization that calls black people a lower species of life .
Similarly , conservative leaders are continually unwilling to denounce the behavior of the bizarre Orly Taitz , who is behind much of the patently racist " birther " movement .
Denunciation would carry with it the loss of placard carrying , TV - ready angry citizens , much in demand by conservative leadership .
The lesson :
Do not let these connections go unnoticed .
Call conservative groups on their willingness to engage with racists .
Do so publicly and with the press .
Make it much harder for mainstream conservatives and elected officials to rely on racist organizations to move their messages or provide foot soldiers for their campaigns .
This is not the same as saying that everyone who opposes President Obama is a racist or that everyone who is concerned about securing our border is a bigot .
Lots of decent people disagree fundamentally with many of the president ’s policy positions , including on immigration , energy , and health care reform .
But groups with clear antipathy toward other people because of their race should not be the army on which any legitimate group moves its political agenda .
Progressives will get pushback when they take these steps .
Conservatives will say it ’s not fair to call someone a racist .
They will also argue about the need for all ideas to be discussed openly , no matter how ugly .
But the immigration fight has shown that unless we tackle these connections to racist groups directly , repeatedly , and with clear defensible facts , then these bigots will continue , and increasingly offensive ideas will get treated as acceptable points of debate in the mainstream media .
Equally important , mainstream conservatives will be able to use despicable people to disrupt public discourse while disavowing any knowledge of their actions or ugly beliefs .
They do n’t want to have a debate , they want to shout you down
In the immigration fight , there are several basic issues that conservative and progressive supporters of comprehensive immigration reform can debate .
For instance , how many people should be let into the country every year to engage in farm work and what labor organizing rights they should have are not universally agreed upon by people who want to pass a reform bill .
So , in the normal course of legislation , a compromise would be reached that would not fully satisfy either side , but would suffice to get enough votes for passage .
But for true anti-immigrant groups , the only acceptable answer to how many new immigrants should be allowed in next year is zero .
So their goal is to ensure that there is no chance for a compromise , no chance that conservatives and progressives sit down and find a number that is tolerable to both .
Any such number would be millions more people than zero .
To address this conundrum , anti-immigrant activists have long used the tools of disruption .
They harass their opponents in public settings , attack legislators looking for a solution as " traitors , " and try to shut down any rational discussion .
And now of course , we see these same tactics playing out at health care town halls this summer .
As we now know , organized conservative activists have been given instructions to :
" Pack the hall … spread out " to make their numbers seem more significant , and to " rock - the - boat early in the Rep ’s presentation … To yell out and challenge the Rep ’s statements early … .
To rattle him , get him off his prepared script and agenda … Stand up and shout and sit right back down . "
Their only objective is to disrupt members of the House and Senate so that he or she cannot get into an honest dialogue with people who just came to the town hall to actually learn something .
Honest dialogue is their enemy because facts are not in their favor .
The lesson :
You have to know these tactics are going to happen and prepare for them .
This means that every public event with an elected ally or potential ally requires a strong presence from supporters of health care reform or immigration or whatever progressive issue is under attack this week .
Immigration advocates set up email lists to alert supporters whenever their voice is needed in a public meeting or even just to add their words to the comments following a news story online .
Increasingly , progressive local blogs have started playing this role in the health care debate .
The result : progressives have sometimes outnumbered " tea baggers " in some recent town halls .
Whether it ’s a member of Congress ’ town hall on health care , or a city council meeting discussing the need for progressive local immigration policies , progressives should from this point forward expect that a disorderly fringe has been fully embraced by conservative organizations and leadership .
It is important to put systems in place to organize to get people out to these meetings , explain to the press who the opposition really is and how they got there , and be sure that the people organizing the event are aware of the possibility of disruption and have set ground rules to minimize it .
Lou Dobbs promotes conspiracy theories and CNN does n’t care
Long before Lou Dobbs began sharing the lie that Obama was not born in Hawaii , he had other whoppers that did not stand up to even the slightest fact checking .
This includes his trumpeting the conspiracy theory popular among skinhead and Minuteman types that Mexican - American U.S. citizens who have lived in this country for generations are engaged in a plot to return the southwest to Mexico .
As bizarre as that one is , Dobbs is probably best known for another outright fabrication .
Dobbs used the lies of Madeleine Cosman to report that Latino immigrants were responsible for 7,000 new cases of leprosy in the United States a year .
The recently deceased Kosman was a serial liar and anti-immigrant propagandist who had no expertise in leprosy or public health for that matter .
The New York Times looked into Dobb ’s reporting and found that the federal registry for Hansen ’s disease ( leprosy ) had only 7,000 cases of leprosy in the last 30 years in our country .
Dobbs refused to acknowledge this error , leading The New York Times to report that " Mr. Dobbs has a somewhat flexible relationship with reality . "
Just like with the " birther " controversy , CNN leadership fell back on Dobbs right to say what he wants on the " most trusted name in news . "
The network and its owners took no action to stop Dobbs from sharing repeated conspiratorial lies with his viewers .
The lesson : The Southern Poverty Law Center ’s letter to CNN to remove Dobbs and MoveOn ’s petition condemning Dobbs ’ promotion of " outlandish conspiracy theories " are right on target .
Progressives should join this cause , exposing Dobbs to ridicule and consistently shaming CNN for its willingness to associate the CNN brand with racist conspiracy theories .
Otherwise , Dobbs will continue to spread lies to undermine progressive goals in virtually every area from climate change to health care to immigration .
And CNN will continue to look the other way .
Expect violence to occur and no one to take responsibility
Glenn Beck rants every night on Fox News about traitors , patriots , and the need to retake the United States .
He calls Obama a " racist " with a " deep - seated hatred for white people " and says the president wants to take away your guns ; all while encouraging his viewers to be the " defender of liberty . "
The racist Pittsburgh cop killer Richard Poplawski and the alleged Holocaust Museum security guard murderer James W. von Brunn , both parroted in their writings their distaste for the new black president and their unfounded belief in his desire to take away their guns .
When the connection to Beck ’s rhetoric is drawn , Beck claims he has no responsibility .
Actually he compares himself to a " flight attendant , " just warning Americans about the coming " worst case scenario . "
Where have we seen this all before ?
How about when long - time Minuteman personality Shawna Forde conducted a home invasion that led to the murder of the 9 - year - old Mexican - American girl Brisenia Flores and her father two months ago .
Suddenly , the national anti-immigrant movement and the full range of Minuteman groups got simultaneous amnesia discounting both her role in their efforts and their personal relationships .
Not so different from County Executive Steve Levy in Suffolk County , New York , whose anti-immigrant rhetoric has poisoned his community for years .
But when teenagers in Suffolk allegedly beat and stabbed to death Ecuadorean immigrant Marcelo Lucero , Levy said that if the crime had happened elsewhere : “ It would be a one - day story … You would n’t have all of the side stories trying to link motive to county policy . ”
Driving home this obvious moral sleight of hand , he added : “ There are hate crimes in other areas that do n’t get one scintilla of the same kind of coverage in Suffolk County . ”
The conservative tactics at the health care town halls have now crossed the line to include violent behavior .
At a town hall meeting in Tampa Bay , Rep. Kathy Castor ( D - FL ) faced conservative protestors banging on windows , trying to force their way into an already - filled hall , and engaging in a fistfight inside the meeting .
This is not surprising .
The combination of language used by Beck , Rush Limbaugh , and other conservative leaders , along with the very nature of who some of the activists are , almost guarantees that violence will eventually occur .
Indeed , many of the Tampa Bay conservative activists said they came because of notices posted on the website of Tampa912.org , an offshoot of Beck ’s 912 Project .
Expect that if and when this violence escalates , Minuteman amnesia will strike conservative leadership .
The lesson :
The potential for violence is now a very real component of conservative organizing .
For most conservatives , violence is as equally reprehensible as it is for most progressives .
But the mixture of combustible rhetoric espoused by recognized conservatives on radio and television with the willingness of Washington - based conservative groups to incorporate truly reprehensible thugs in their local organizing due to the need for activist foot soldiers ensures that a line will be crossed , and crossed repeatedly .
There is no easy solution to confronting violence in our democracy .
Many civil rights organizations working on immigration have implemented security plans to protect their employees .
Similarly , members of Congress and progressive organizations will have to evaluate whether they can maintain safety at their public events .
Issues of security including where people can sit , how many people can fill a hall , and determining whether the police attend certain gatherings are all part of planning for immigration meetings in the modern era .
Unfortunately this kind of planning must now also go into talking to constituents about whether their government will help them get affordable health care .
Henry Fernandez is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress .
To read more of his columns and the Center ’s policy positions and recommendations on immigration and health care please go to the Domestic page of our website .
How China Cooks Its Books
In February , local Chinese Labor Ministry officials came to " help " with massive layoffs at an electronics factory in Guangdong province , China .
The owner of the factory felt nervous having government officials there , but kept his mouth shut .
Who was he to complain that the officials were breaking the law by interfering with the firings , he added .
They were the law !
And they ordered him to offer his workers what seemed like a pretty good deal :
Accept the layoff and receive the legal severance package , or " resign " and get an even larger upfront payment .
" I would estimate around 70 percent of workers took the resignation deal .
This is happening all over Guangdong , " the factory owner said .
" I help the Department of Labor , and they ’ll help me later on down the line . "
Such open - secret programs , writ large , help China manipulate its unemployment rate , because workers who " resign " do n’t count toward that number .
The government estimates that roughly 20 million migrant factory workers have lost their jobs since the downturn started .
But , with " resignations " included , the number is likely closer to 40 million or 50 million , according to estimates made by Yiping Huang , chief Asia economist for Citigroup .
That is the same size as Germany ’s entire work force .
China similarly distorts everything from its GDP to retail sales figures to production activity .
This sort of number - padding is n’t just unethical , it ’s also dangerous :
The push to develop rosy economic data could actually lead China ’s economy over the cliff .
Western media outlets often portray Chinese book - cooking as part and parcel of a monolithic central government and omnipotent Beijing bureaucrats .
But the problem is manifold , a product of centralized government as well as decentralized officials .
Pressure to distort or fudge statistics likely comes from up high — and it ’s intense .
" China announces its annual objective of GDP growth rate each year .
In Chinese culture , the government has to reach the objective ; otherwise , they will ‘ lose face , ’ " said Gary Liu , deputy director of the China Europe International Business School ’s Lujiazui International Financial Research Center .
" For instance , the government announced that it wanted to ensure a GDP growth rate of 8 percent in 2009 , and it has become the priority for government officials to meet that objective . "
But local and provincial governmental officials are the ones who actually fiddle with the numbers .
They retain considerable autonomy and power , and have a self - interested reason to manipulate economic statistics .
When they reach or exceed the central government ’s economic goals , they get rewarded with better jobs or more money .
" The higher [ their ] GDP [ figures ] , the higher the chance will be for local officials to get promoted , " explained Liu .
Such statistical creativity is nothing new in China .
In 1958 , Chairman Mao proclaimed that China would surpass Britain in steel production within 15 years .
He mobilized villages throughout China to establish backyard steel furnaces , where in a futile attempt to reach outrageous production goals , villagers could melt down pots and pans and even burn their own furniture for furnace fuel .
This effort produced worthless pig iron and diverted enough labor away from agriculture to be a main driver in the devastating famine of the Great Leap Forward .
Last October , Vice Premier Li Keqiang said in a speech after inspecting China ’s Statistics Bureau , " China ’s foundation for statistics is still very weak , and the quality of statistics is to be further improved " — a brutally harsh assessment coming from a top state official .
Indeed , China has predicated its very claim of being the healthiest large economy in the world on faulty statistics .
The government insists that even though China ’s all - important export sector has been devastated — contracting about 25 percent in the past year — a massive uptick in domestic consumption has kept factories producing and growth churning along .
A close examination of retail sales and GDP growth , however , tells a different story .
China ’s domestic retail sales have risen about 15 percent year on year , but that does not really translate into Chinese consumers purchasing 15 percent more televisions and T - shirts .
The country tabulates sales when a factory ships units to a retailer , meaning China includes unused or warehoused inventory in its consumption data .
There is ample evidence that state - owned enterprises buy goods from one another , simply shifting products back and forth , and that those transactions count as retail sales in national statistics .
China ’s retail statistics seem implausible for other reasons , too .
They would imply an increase in salaries among Chinese people , allowing them to purchase that extra 15 percent .
To be sure , the Statistics Bureau reported salaries had increased 12.9 percent in the first half of 2009 .
But Chinese netizens complained such numbers were hard to believe — as did the bureau ’s chief .
A look at GDP growth also raises serious questions .
China ’s economy grew at an annualized 6.1 percent rate in the first quarter , and 7.9 percent in the second .
Yet electricity usage , a key indicator in industrial growth and a harder metric to manipulate , declined 2.2 percent in the first six months of the year .
How could an economy largely dependent on manufacturing grow while its industrial sector shrank ?
It could n’t ; the numbers do n’t add up .
China announced a $ 600 billion stimulus package ( equal to about 14 percent of GDP ) last fall .
At that point , local governments started counting the dedicated stimulus funds in GDP statistics — before finding projects to use the funds , and therefore far before the trillions of yuan started trickling into the economy .
Local governments keen to raise their growth and production numbers said they spent stimulus money while still deciding on what to spend it , one economist explained .
Thus , China ’s provincial GDP tabulations add up to far more than the countrywide estimate .
Alternative macroeconomic metrics , such as the purchasing managers ’ index ( PMI ) , which measures output , offer a no more accurate reflection .
One private brokerage house , CLSA , compiles its own PMI , suggesting a sharp contraction in industrial output between December 2008 and March 2009 .
Beijing ’s PMI data , on the other hand , indicated that industrial output was expanding during that period .
Unfortunately , such obfuscation means China ’s real economic health is difficult to assess .
Most indicators that would help an intrepid economist correct the government numbers — progress on infrastructure projects , end - user purchases , and the number of " resigned " workers — are not public .
Still , it is possible to infer the severity of the gap between economic reality and China - on - paper by looking closely at monetary policy .
China ’s state - owned banks dramatically increased lending in the first half of 2009 — by 34.5 percent year on year , to more than $ 1 trillion .
This move seems intended to keep growth artificially high until exports bounce back .
Most analysts agree that it is leading to large bubbles in the stock , real estate , and commodity markets .
And the Chinese government recently announced plans to raise capital requirements — an apparent sign it sees the need to reign in the expansion .
For the long term , China is banking on its main export markets — in the United States , Europe , and Japan — recovering and starting to consume again .
The hope is that in the meantime , rosy economic figures will placate the masses and stop unrest .
But , if the rest of the world does not rebound , China risks the bursting of asset bubbles in property and stocks , declining domestic consumption , and rising unemployment .
That ’s when the Wile E. Coyote moment could happen .
Once Chinese citizens no longer believe that the economy is doing well , social unrest and more widespread worker riots — already increasing in scope and severity — are likely .
That ’s something that China will have a harder time hiding .
And then we ’ll know whether China ’s statistical manipulation was a smart move or a disastrous mistake .
Als Rekursion bezeichnet man den abstrakten Vorgang , dass Regeln auf ein Produkt , das sie selbst erzeugt haben , von neuem angewandt werden .
Hierdurch entstehen potenziell unendliche Schleifen .
Regeln bzw .
Regelsysteme heißen rekursiv , wenn sie die Eigenschaft haben , Rekursion im Prinzip zuzulassen .
High and dry : Boat ends up grounded on rocks during yacht race
As he began his daring overtaking manoeuvre , Arthur Manning wondered if he was sailing a little close to the wind .
In fact , he was too close to the rocks .
His yacht , the Jersey - registered Knight Star , ended up grounded and then wobbling in mid-air on its 6ft keel as the tide went out near Saint - Quay - Portrieux , north - west France .
Mr Manning , who was trying to speed ahead of 19 rivals in a Royal Channel Islands Yacht Club race , described it as ' an embarrassing misjudgment ' .
Battered pride :
The Knight Star sailed too close to rocks and became grounded
He and his crew abandoned ship and the French sea salvage service refloated the Knight Star at high tide .
The yacht escaped mostly intact - unlike Mr Manning 's pride .
It happened at 8 am today , soon after Mr Manning and fellow crew member Peter Williams left Binic , in north west France , on the last day of the Royal Channel Islands Yacht Club ’s 14th Waller Harris two - handed triangle race .
As their 36ft Sadler Starlight 35 passed the rocky outlet of La Longue , opposite the port of Saint - Quay - Portrieux , disaster struck as they sailed too close to rocks and became grounded .
The boat ended up perched on its side after the tide went out .
Well and truly wedged :
The boat ended up perched on rocks , but was not badly damaged
‘ Half the fleet had cleared the rocks , but we clearly got too close to them , ’ said Mr Manning , who had previously never made a serious mistake in a highly successful racing career stretching back 40 years .
‘ We ’d consulted local charts , but did n’t take into account the height of the rocks , or whether there was enough water .
‘ The boat ground to a halt , and we realised we were grounded .
We immediately pulled all the sails down , and put on our life jackets .
‘ At one stage we thought we might go over , and had the life raft ready , but then managed to get off on to a rescue boat .
We both feel terrible .
' Nobody likes hitting rocks , so this was very embarrassing . ’
As dramatic pictures show , the Knight Star ended up perched on its 6ft deep fin keel as the tide went out .
A member of the crew of Le Galaté , one of the French vessels involved in the rescue , said : ‘ We got the two Englishmen aboard and out of harm ’s way , but could do nothing for the yacht as it rose higher and higher into the sky .
‘ The boat was n’t badly damaged and the two crew members were uninjured , although I do think their pride might have taken a bit of a battering . ’
The French sea salvage service SNSM ( Société Nationale de Sauvetage en Mer ) supervised the re-floating of the Knight Star at high tide .
‘ There was very little damage , and we now on our way back to Jersey , ’ said Mr Manning , who was won the race twice in the past .
‘ These things happen , but it wo n’t put us off racing in the future .
We simply made a swift decision and it was the wrong one . ’
The county auditor went to prison on federal corruption charges .
The county sheriff resigned under pressure .
And the county budget was a mess , in part because of contract cost overruns and payroll bloated by patronage .
It was 1979 and voters in Summit County were fed up .
Efforts to reform county government earlier that decade failed , but a group of corporate leaders , Akron Beacon Journal editors and elected officials got together and tried again .
Their plan :
Adopt a charter and change from a county commissioner form of government to an elected county executive and council .
Their slogan : " Vote yes on Issue 2 .
It 's got to be better . "
Sound familiar ?
Cuyahoga County voters must decide in November whether to overhaul their own government amid an ongoing federal corruption investigation aimed at top county leaders .
Two competing proposals are on the ballot :
A group led by county Prosecutor Bill Mason wants voters to pass a charter that would eliminate the county commissioners and divide their power between an elected county executive and an elected 11 - member county council .
All other elected positions , except for prosecutor , would be gone .
County commissioners want voters to pass a plan that would form a charter commission to study what changes are needed .
The political battle over reform is already hot and will likely grow hotter as the election draws near .
Many opponents of Mason 's plan -- mostly elected officials -- say a county executive form of government is unnecessary , pointing out that all Ohio counties but Summit work fine with commissioners .
Opponents of the commissioner 's alternative say there have been enough studies .
Previous reform efforts have withered for lack of interest .
Are there lessons to be learned from Summit County 's experience a generation ago ?
" The time is ripe for reform in Cuyahoga County now , just like it was ripe in Summit County then , " said Kenneth Cox , a Democrat and former state senator from Summit who was instrumental in the change .
When Ohio counties were set up , he said , they were rural governments without much complexity or responsibility , so commissioners made sense .
But cities and big suburbs have popped up , followed by an increased need for services , complicated federal programs to administer and other duties .
Cox said a commissioner form of government was n't designed to handle these demands , and when he recognized that in the 1970s , he sponsored a constitutional amendment in the legislature to allow citizens to petition the government for a county charter .
After lawmakers passed the plan , Cox and then - Summit County Commissioner John Morgan , a Democrat , quietly began shopping charter plans .
They gained the support of corporate leaders , the Beacon Journal and a citizen reform group called Goals for Greater Akron .
Morgan , retired now , living in Barberton , said he 's giggling from afar as he watches the Cuyahoga County drama unfold .
He said that like many elected Cuyahoga County officials now , Summit politicians opposed reform then .
" They were status quo people , " Morgan said .
But Cox , Morgan and others pushing reform anticipated that .
They thought many elected county jobs should be wiped out , but intentionally started small , targeting only the commissioners .
And to soothe commissioner complaints and head off any opposition campaign the commissioners might launch -- like what is happening now in Cuyahoga County -- the reform group built the commissioners into their plan .
The sitting commissioners could automatically slide into three of the seven newly created council seats .
Although the council members would earn less than half of what commissioners were paid , the reform allowed commissioners to maintain their salaries for two years .
At the same time , the reform group began to expose waste in the commissioner system .
Among other things , Morgan said he revealed the politics of hiring workers .
" You could n't just hire one person to fill a job , " Morgan said .
" You had to hire three to keep everyone happy . "
Voters accepted the charter in 1979 , making Summit the first county in Ohio to adopt one .
The next year , all three commissioners ran for county executive .
Morgan won .
Not unlike 2009 , the economy was battered in 1980 .
Morgan said the first thing he did as the executive was lay off 200 of the executive branch 's 1,100 employees , including 22 secretaries .
At the time , secretaries needed to know shorthand to do their jobs , Morgan said , " and 20 of those 22 did n't know what shorthand was . "
Since then , Summit County voters have repeatedly tweaked their charter .
They stuck with the county executive , but expanded the council , creating districts aimed at getting blacks and Republicans elected to office , and eliminated other elected jobs .
Has the reform paid off ?
It streamlined parts of government .
It helped Republicans and blacks get elected to county positions in what had been an overwhelmingly white Democratic government .
And Cox said reform increased transparency .
County Council is required to meet in public .
He said commissioners often avoided state open meetings law by gathering two - at - a - time in private .
Yet 30 years after reform passed , the Beacon Journal again writes about patronage in county government ; candidates for county executive pledge to change the status quo ; and in 2000 , the county executive , Tim Davis , decided against seeking a fourth term after his chief of staff , his general counsel and a consultant were all convicted of taking bribes in a kickback scandal during a federal corruption investigation .
Cox said the corruption convictions were a disappointment .
" But if I had it to do all over , I 'd get reform done again , " he said .
" There 's no government system that you can set up that 's any better than the officials you elect to those positions . "
But the ammended version , which has quietly come into force after being published in the country 's official gazette , still maintains a husband can stop feeding his wife if she does not submit to him .
THE hours are long and the work monotonous , but begging pays well for at least one of Sydney 's homeless men who earns up to $ 50,000 a year from good samaritans .
Ken Johnson , 52 , makes his living at George and Market St , outside the Myer store in Sydney 's CBD , where he sits for up to 16 hours daily , seven days a week .
On a good day , he said , he takes in $ 400 from generous passers - by .
On slower days , he still picks up amounts between $ 75 and $ 150 .
" I 'd be really disappointed if I did a long Friday and I only had $ 250 , '' said Mr Johnson , who has been living on the streets ``since the late ' 90s ' ' .
" I knock off when I feel like it , or if I 've done brilliantly .
But on those good days , you might be on such a high that you go for a few more hours and get a bit more money . ''
Mr Johnson would n't say how much he earned last year .
But he did reveal that donated coins and notes are stashed in a safe place , before being taken to a bank branch and deposited in his account several times a week .
Some of the money is given to a friend .
Asked what he used the money for , he told The Sunday Telegraph he did not smoke , drink nor take drugs , but was raising money to help the friend who needs a liver transplant .
Mr Johnson displays a sign that reads : ``Needing support for major family exp( enses ) including just heaps for medicine .
Paying up is a big grind .
Please leave me alone , if you are the abusive nasty sort . ''
When The Sunday Telegraph caught up with him last Wednesday , business had been good .
In 20 minutes , he collected $ 30 in coins and notes .
One woman handed him $ 10 .
" I 've had three hours off today , '' he said , after treating himself to a breakfast from Hungry Jack's .
" I got a $ 20 note earlier , so I 'm sitting on about $ 60 for the day and the afternoon rush is still to come .
" There 's a general rule in donating and that is that people are more likely to help out when they are towards the end of their day , when they 're happy and heading home . ''
His tax - free income might sound fine but , unlike most jobs , there 's no sick leave nor superannuation plan .
He does not draw welfare because ``it makes you feel like a cripple ' ' .
Mr Johnson said he could not afford to rent and lived on the streets because the money had been spent to pay for bills for his friend .
" Most hostels do n't have space to store things and to rent a small unit just costs too much when you 're at stress point , '' he said .
Originally from Newcastle , he said he came to Sydney ``in the 1990s '' to fight a court battle against the RTA , seeking to have part of the Pacific Highway at Swansea deemed illegal .
" Inner - city accommodation was , and still is , just off the face of the earth _ it 's just too expensive , '' he said .
``I was unemployed at the time , so decided to sleep on some concrete steps while I was in Sydney and I just got used to it . ''
Australian Bureau of Statistics figures from the 2006 Census show 27,374 homeless people in NSW .
An Australian Council of Social Service ( ACOSS ) spokeswoman said ``rough sleepers '' represented about 16 per cent of the homeless .
She said many turned to begging because government welfare did not cover costs , and ``for those who do receive income support , payments may be inadequate to meet the costs of temporary accommodation and food .
The Newstart unemployment payment is about $ 32 a day .
" Of those who do sleep on the street , only a tiny minority choose to do so , as a lifestyle choice .
For most people who are homeless , there is no choice . ''
From the ' Private / Public Cloud Hybrid ' files :
Red Hat today officially launched an ambitious new effort called Deltacloud to help abstract away the differences between public and private cloud deployments .
Oh and it 's all open source too .
" Today each infrastructure - as - a - service cloud presents a unique API
that developers and ISVs need to write to in order to consume the cloud
service , " Red Hat CTO Brian Stevens blogged .
" The Deltacloud effort is creating a common , REST - based API ,
such that developers can write once and manage anywhere . "
This is what open source is all about in my opinion , namely breaking lock - in and opening things up .
How many enterprises out there were afraid of cloud deployments because it meant locking into one vendor 's roadmap ?
Report cites warnings before 9/11
Two congressional committees investigating the September 11 attacks heard from victims ' families Wednesday .
VIDEO
PLAY VIDEO CNN's David Ensor says a congressional panel finds U.S. intelligence agencies had reports in 1998 of hijacking plans ( September 18 ) RELATED
Read the text of the intelligence report ( PDF ) 1.38MB
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- U.S. intelligence officials had several warnings that terrorists might attack the United States on its home soil -- even using airplanes as weapons -- well before the September 11 , 2001 attacks , two congressional committees said in a report released Wednesday .
In 1998 , U.S. intelligence had information that a group of unidentified Arabs planned to fly an explosives - laden airplane into the World Trade Center , according to a joint inquiry of the House and Senate intelligence committees .
However , the Federal Aviation Administration found the plot " highly unlikely given the state of that foreign country 's aviation program , " and believed a flight originating outside the United States would be detected before it reached its target inside the country , the report said .
" The FBI 's New York office took no action on the information , " it said .
Another alert came just a month before the attacks , the report said , when the CIA sent a message to the FAA warning of a possible hijacking " or an act of sabotage against a commercial airliner . "
The information was linked to a group of Pakistanis based in South America .
That warning did not mention using an airliner as a weapon and , the report said , " there was apparently little , if any , effort by intelligence community analysts to produce any strategic assessments of terrorists using aircraft as weapons . "
Sen . Bob Graham , chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said the goal of Wednesday 's hearing was " not to point a finger or pin blame " but to correct " systemic problems ( that ) might have prevented our government from detecting and disrupting al Qaeda 's plot . "
Nothing found is a " smoking gun , " Graham said .
" But collectively I think there was enough there that we should have done a better job of seeing what was coming and hopefully , with luck , stopping it . "
Graham told CNN
" It would n't have taken a lot of luck .
It would have taken someone who could have asked and gotten answers to the right follow - up questions and then put it together . "
The report , which looked at more than a dozen federal intelligence agencies , suggests the United States had more information that might have helped to prevent the terror attacks than the government has previously said .
As early as 1994 the government received information that international terrorists " had seriously considered the use of airplanes as a means of carrying out terrorist attacks , " the report says .
In July 2001 , the report says , a briefing prepared for senior government officials warned of " a significant terrorist attack against U.S. and / or Israeli interests in the coming weeks .
The attack will be spectacular and designed to inflict mass casualties ... ( it ) will occur with little or no warning . "
The joint committee 's report discusses information federal intelligence agencies gathered about Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda .
It said that in 1998 , officials received reports concerning a " bin Laden plot involving aircraft in the New York and Washington , areas . "
Officials received reports that al Qaeda was trying to establish an operative cell in the United States and that bin Laden was attempting to recruit a group of five to seven young men from the United States to travel to the Middle East for training in conjunction with his plans to strike U.S. domestic targets .
The intelligence reports " generally did not contain specific information as to where , when , and how a terrorist attack might occur , " the committee said , and they represented only " a small percentage of the threat information that the Intelligence Community obtained during this period , most of which pointed to the possibility of attacks against U.S. interests overseas . "
Nonetheless , the report said , " the totality of the information in this body of reporting clearly reiterated a consistent and critically important theme : Osama bin Laden 's intent to launch terrorist attacks inside the United States . "
In fact in December 1998 , the report says , the director of central intelligence , George Tenet , told his deputies , " We must now enter a new phase in our effort against bin Laden .
... We are at war . "
" Relatively few of the FBI agents interviewed by the joint inquiry staff seem to have been aware of Tenet 's declaration , " the report said .
The report says that in July and August 2001 , intelligence reporting " began to decrease " -- even though the al Qaeda threat was growing .
On September 10 , 2001 , some 35 to 40 personnel were assigned to a unit created by the director of central intelligence with the specific task of tracking bin Laden .
Fewer than 20 people were part of a similar unit at the FBI .
The report raises " questions about the adequacy of these resources with respect to the magnitude of the threat . "
The report also suggests intelligence officials did not focus enough attention on a critical al Qaeda operative , unnamed in the report , whom officials had known about since 1995 " but did not recognize his growing importance " to the organization or to Osama bin Laden .
The report says the director of central intelligence has refused to declassify two pieces of information : precisely what the White House knew and information about a key al Qaeda operative involved in the attacks .
Government sources told CNN that operative is Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , whom they describe as one of the masterminds of the September 11 attacks .
He was indicted by the United States for plotting to bomb U.S. airliners in 1995 .
Officials believe he also plotted to have airplanes hijacked and flown into U.S. buildings .
Listed as one of the government 's 22 most wanted terrorists , Mohammed is in hiding .
U.S. officials believe he was in Pakistan when last heard from .
Stephen Push , who lost his wife in the World Trade Center , told lawmakers at the hearing , " Our loved ones paid the ultimate price for the worst American intelligence failure since Pearl Harbor . "
Push said the U.S. intelligence bureaucracy must be thoroughly restructured .
" If it is n't , " he said , " the next attack may involve weapons of mass destruction -- and the death toll may be in the tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands . "
( CNET ) -- Apple 's exclusive deal with AT&T to offer the iPhone may end within the year , according to a prediction from financial analyst Gene Munster , a senior research analyst at Piper Jaffray .
The iPhone could be available next year on wireless carriers such as Verizon , an analyst predicts .
If Munster is correct , opening up the iPhone to other carriers in the U.S. could be a boon for Apple , which would likely see iPhone sales go through the roof .
On the flipside , if this prediction were to come true , it would likely mean very bad news for AT&T , which has relied heavily on the iPhone to boost its own wireless sales and revenue .
Munster noted recently in his published research that Apple has been moving away from exclusive deals in other countries , according to AppleInsider .
Specifically , in France the company ended an exclusive deal with Orange and opened up the device to multiple carriers .
Munster said the change pushed the iPhone 's marketshare upward to about 40 percent in France .
In the U.S. , where the iPhone is exclusively offered through AT&T , the iPhone has a marketshare in the teens .
There are several other countries where Apple has a multi-carrier model .
In fact , its most recent deal with China Unicom to bring the iPhone to China is also not exclusive .
Apple declined to discuss which carriers it might be in talks with , but analyst firms such as Piper Jaffray expect Apple to sell more than 3 million iPhone units in China next year .
Details of Apple 's relationship with AT&T have never been made public .
But many people have speculated that the exclusivity contract with AT&T would last at most five years from when the first iPhone hit the market in 2007 .
This would mean that AT&T would have exclusive rights to the iPhone until around 2012 .
There have been reports more recently that AT&T has continued its negotiations with Apple to keep the iPhone exclusive through at least 2011 .
Still , rumors have circulated that Verizon Wireless is also talking to Apple about getting the iPhone on its network .
Verizon executives have hinted that some kind of Apple device will likely operate on its new 4G wireless network , which is expected to launch commercially next year .
But what 's been less clear is whether or not a 3G iPhone will operate over Verizon 's network .
Verizon Wireless is currently the largest wireless operator in the country .
And it has consistently won accolades for solid performance on its network .
But because its current 3G wireless network is based on CDMA technology rather than GSM , which is what AT&T and most other carriers around the world use , offering the device on Verizon 's network would require an additional radio to be added to the device .
While this is not a trivial task for Apple , the opportunity to offer the iPhone to Verizon 's millions of potential new subscribers would likely provide a big incentive to redesign the iPhone 's radio technology .
As Apple 's iPhones grow in popularity , there are strong indications that opening the device up to other carriers in the U.S. , such as Verizon , would greatly boost iPhone sales and market share .
The company 's latest phone , the iPhone 3GS introduced in June , is likely the company 's most popular device .
Munster even noted in his report that the new iPhone " seems to have exceeded Apple 's internal expectations . "
The timing in the U.S. could also be right to end the exclusivity deal with AT&T as Congress , the Department of Justice , and regulators at the Federal Communications Commission look into the fairness of such exclusive deals .
Opening the device up to other carriers could help score points with regulators and potentially end some of these investigations .
But ending its exclusive deal with Apple could spell big trouble for AT&T .
For one , the iPhone has helped AT&T attract new customers .
About 40 percent of AT&T's 10 million iPhone customers switched to AT&T from another carrier , the company has said .
But more importantly , the iPhone has helped AT&T keep existing customers .
Since the third quarter of 2007 , AT&T 's churn rate , or the rate at which it loses customers , has fallen to 1.49 percent from 1.7 percent , according to a story in The Wall Street Journal .
Meanwhile , Verizon Wireless ' churn rate has risen during that time period to 1.37 percent from 1.27 percent .
The iPhone has also helped AT&T bring in more revenue .
AT&T claims its iPhone customers spend more each month than its average post - paid wireless customers -- about $ 100 a month .
This has helped boost its overall revenue per user by about 4.7 percent to $ 60.21 per month since the third quarter of 2007 .
But the cost to AT&T for these benefits has been high .
Since last year , the company has been paying about $ 400 per iPhone to subsidize the cost of the device in exchange for requiring customers sign up for a two - year service contract .
Even though AT&T is guaranteed at least $ 30 a month in data service fees , the company admits that the subsidy has hurt its short - term profit margins .
What 's more , because iPhone users download two to four times as many games , video , and other Web data as other smartphone users , AT&T has had to upgrade its network to keep up with demand .
Even though AT&T has been upgrading its network , customers have complained often about its poor performance .
And this has had a negative effect on the company 's reputation .
When subscribers experience problems with the iPhone , they often blame AT&T rather than Apple for the problem .
Because AT&T is the only carrier in the U.S. to offer the device , iPhone users regardless of whether they are satisfied with AT&T or not have been forced to stay on the network as long as they want to continue using their iPhone .
But if other carriers , such as Verizon , were to offer the iPhone , AT&T could see many of its existing iPhone customers leave .
And it would likely cease to see any substantial uptick in new customers due to iPhone sales .
AT&T executives have said they realize that the iPhone exclusivity deal wo n't last forever .
And they say they are prepared for that day .
But the truth is the longer the company can keep the iPhone exclusive to its network , the better off it will be .
However , it looks like AT&T 's chances of holding onto the iPhone in the U.S. for much longer are getting slimmer and slimmer .
Even though Apple has said that it 's happy in its relationship with AT&T , it only makes sense for the company to get out of its exclusive deal as soon as it can .
© 2009 CBS Interactive Inc .
All rights reserved .
CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc .
Used by permission .
Congratulations are in order to actress Milla Jovovich and sci-fi auteur Paul W.S. Anderson , who , People.com informs me , got hitched last night in a small sunset ceremony at their Beverly Hills home .
The couple met when Anderson was directing Jovovich in 2002 ’s Resident Evil , which researchers believe may be the first time that a successful real - life romance has resulted from a movie based on a video game about zombies .
In addition to those warm congratulations , I should also offer a brief apology - slash - cautionary tale :
When I first read this headline , I thought for a second that it said Jovovich had married There Will Be Blood ‘s Paul Thomas Anderson , and I was all , “ How could he do Maya Rudolph like that ? ! ”
Needless to say , Paul W.S. Anderson and Paul Thomas Anderson are in fact two completely distinct people who happen to share an occupation and a near - identical name .
They probably get that a lot .
Sorry , dudes !
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Karen Weaver , global head of Deutsche Bank 's securitization research division -- responsible for analyzing credit default swaps , collateralized mortgage obligations , and other exotic Wall Street products -- said last week that 48 % of U.S. mortgage owners will end up owing more than their home is worth by 2011 .
The figure may have left many Americans wondering how this could be possible .
But consider that 27 % of U.S. homeowners with a mortgage are already " underwater . "
And according to Deutsche Bank , home prices may fall another 14 % before hitting a bottom .
Fortune spoke with Weaver to understand the implications of her recent forecast , why it will affect regions that missed the housing boom , and why still - falling home prices are hurting even the best borrowers .
How many Americans are underwater ?
Currently we estimate that 14 million homeowners have negative equity .
However , based on our home price forecast , as prices continue to fall we think that number could reach 25 million , or 48 % of all mortgagors .
Where does this leave us ?
The obvious takeaway of falling home prices and being underwater is what it does for defaults .
But there 's a bigger implication , which is that when we look at the economy over the past decade or two , it 's been very much a consumer economy .
What has been driving the consumer has n't been gains in incomes .
What has been driving them is easy credit and rising home values .
And the fact that their home price was rising and they could borrow against that through home equity lines or loans or refinancing , it augurs for a very different economy going forward if people do n't have that option .
What mortgages are most responsible for this problem ?
The subprime loan borrower is more likely to use a second mortgage when purchasing a home , so they 'll put down very little equity when they 've purchased .
So the same decline in price is going to leave them in a worse negative equity position than someone who put down 20 % .
On option ARMs ( adjustable rate mortgages ) , the way those loans work is that the payments are very small .
And the difference between a normal payment that would cover someone 's full interest and principal , and these lower teaser payments , is added to the balance .
So even if prices did nothing , an option ARM could end up with negative equity .
Is n't it the case that many of those were issued at the peak ?
Exactly .
These products -- option ARMs , subprime , etc. -- were regarded in the industry as " affordability products . "
What they were designed to do is to provide options to customers in areas where home prices were unaffordable .
In other words , given an individual 's income , it was prohibitively expensive to purchase the average home .
So by creating products that lowered the payment , or lowered the amount of down - payment , it enabled more people to buy a home .
It also perpetuated the bubble .
To give an example , if you look at Los Angeles :
At the peak of home prices in LA , only about 9 % of people living in Los Angeles made sufficient income to purchase the average house .
Now , a number of those people had purchased their homes beforehand , so it was moot to them .
But for a first - time home buyer , it meant that it was highly unlikely that you were able to purchase a home unless you used one of these very aggressive products that stretched your [ income ] .
This is occurring in states where speculation was rampant -- for example , Florida , California , and Nevada -- but where else ?
People are surprised at the extent to which subprime mortgages were used in the Midwest .
In a lot of cases the Midwest has had a manufacturing recession for a while now .
It 's going through a paradigm shift .
So in the industrial Midwest , subprime lending was more popular than some people might think .
I think the surprise is prime quality mortgages .
That 's where the biggest deterioration could take place in the next leg .
Right now about 16 % of those borrowers are underwater .
If our home price forecast is correct , down another 14 % , we could have 41 % of borrowers underwater in the prime mortgage space .
That 's what happens when another 14 % decline occurs .
Does this lead to a new wave of foreclosures ?
Well , we do n't think that the wave has stopped in any sense .
But the wave is clearly building .
That is evident by looking at serious delinquencies .
If you look at a chart of how many borrowers have missed more than two payments , a large portion of those people are going to end up being foreclosures .
Well , that rate of serious delinquency has been rising rapidly and continues to rise , pretty much in tandem with unemployment .
As long as you have serious delinquencies going up , you know for the next year and a half , a large portion of those are going to turn into foreclosures .
Of subprime and Alt - A ( Alternative A - paper ) borrowers , about 33 % of those borrowers are seriously delinquent .
If you look at prime jumbo , the highest quality mortgages , 6.2 % are seriously delinquent .
That sounds like a low number .
But two years ago that number was 1 % .
It 's a very straight trajectory from September 2007 , pretty closely mimicking unemployment .
At what point of being underwater do homeowners start falling into foreclosure rapidly ?
Once you get to the point where negative equity is significant -- for example , 25 % or more -- there have been studies that suggest you get more strategic defaults .
People say , " I bought my house for $ 500,000 , it 's worth $ 250,000 , there are 10 available for sale in my neighborhood .
It makes no economic sense to spend the rest of my life trying to pay off a $ 500,000 debt when there 's no reasonable likelihood to expect this house to go back up to $ 500,000 . "
This might sound extreme , but we have borrowers who bought a $ 500,000 home in California at the peak of the market on $ 50,000 of income .
So for them to devote their gross income for the next 10 years solely to paying off [ their ] mortgage does n't make any sense .
The Federal Reserve of Boston recently studied a similar housing crash in Massachusetts during the 1980s .
What did they find ?
In Massachusetts , there was a downturn in their housing market in the late ' 80s .
The Federal Reserve [ Bank ] of Boston put out a report last year , and in their report they looked at how many people defaulted once they had negative equity .
If a borrower has equity , and they can't maintain their home , that borrower is going to sell rather than default .
So the question is , once someone does have negative equity , what 's the propensity to default ?
In Massachusetts , less than 7 % of borrowers who had negative equity defaulted .
This speaks to the inherent credit worthiness of mortgages -- why they 're always considered to be a low - risk investment .
Is it fair to say that that will play out the same now ?
Now , for example , if we believe the Deutsche Bank forecast and 25 million borrowers fall underwater , unfortunately we think 7 % will be too low .
The reason is when you look at Massachusetts in the late ' 80s , you had much better quality borrowers .
In addition to that , unemployment in Massachusetts peaked at 9.1 % .
We 're already at 9.5 % [ nationally ] .
In California , unemployment is at 11.5 % .
We do know that most people try to maintain their home .
They try to keep their mortgage current .
But to expect it to be as low as 7 % is very wishful thinking .
San Francisco ’s Pirate Cat Radio
Café has something new on the menu , a double espresso latte sweetened with organic maple syrup and seasoned with flavored with homemade bacon bacon fat , and seasoned with a sprinkling of Bac - Os .
The concoction is reported to taste creamy and smoky on account of the Prather Ranch bacon and fat mixture , which is whisked into the milk and then poured over a double shot of espresso .
[ UrbanDaddy | Image ]
The property game was made popular by its more traditional form
A massive multi-player version of the popular property game Monopoly has been launched online .
Monopoly City Streets , developed by toymaker Hasbro , will go live on 9 September for four months .
The free game uses Google Maps or the open source Open Street Map as the playing board .
The toymaker claims it will be " the biggest game of Monopoly of all time " and will allow players to purchase almost " any street in the world " .
The goal of the game , like the real - world version , is to earn money on real estate and become the richest property magnate .
Game of chance
New players are given three million Monopoly dollars to build their virtual empire .
Every street in the world is , in theory , available for purchase .
Once a player has taken control of a street , they are able to charge rent and build new virtual properties .
Streets can also be traded and sold with other players .
The game makers have introduced chance cards , which allow players to sabotage neighbouring rivals by building rubbish dumps or prisons on their property to reduce the rent value of their neighbours .
Players can only remove a hazard by bulldozing it off their property , again through the use of chance cards .
The game will close on the 31 January 2010 .
" Sedition by Syntax " by Ralph Schwan The Upright Ostrich December / January , 1985 - 1986 edited by Paul Andrew Mitchell , B.A. , M.S. Counselor at Law , Federal Witness and Private Attorney General Are you a citizen of the United States ?
Be careful !
I 'll tell you something that the United States Government will never want to tell you :
That 's a " trick " question .
The federal ( feudal ? ) government will ask you that trick question quite often .
It would be better to put the question like this :
Are you a citizen of the United States , or a Citizen of one of the United States of America ?
Do you think the two are one and the same thing ?
Your education via government schools serves you poorly .
Recall some fourth grade grammar , then check the Constitution for the United States of America , particularly the Preamble in that important document .
Hereafter , we will refer to this Constitution as the " U.S. Constitution " .
Let 's use a simple example : Consider " the house of Mr. Jones . "
We 'll rewrite it to read , " Mr. Jones ' house . "
See the apostrophe ?
It tells you something about the relationship between Mr. Jones and his house .
In most words , you would add both an apostrophe and an " s " ; but when a word ends in an " s " , you do not need to add another .
Ah , yes , you do remember that rule !
Then , a citizen of the United States could be rewritten as " United States ' citizen " , but never as " United States citizen " .
Right ?
Right !
You now graduate to the fifth grade .
Now , for more grammar .
Examine the term " United States " .
Is it a singular noun ( one thing ) , or is it plural ( more than one thing ) ?
By the U.S. Constitution , it is singular and plural !
We know that , because the terms " their " and " them " are used as pronouns referring to the " United States " , e.g. treason against the " United States " is " levying War against them " or " adhering to their Enemies , giving them Aid and Comfort " .
You probably memorized the names of the " United States " in fifth grade .
Was it boring for you ?
But , the term " United States " is also used in the singular sense .
It is one Nation .
A Nation is a natural thing .
This one exists because of the boundaries of the States .
IT is never defined in other terms .
The term " United States " is a geographical name -- one thing , one Nation .
The United States are one Union .
The United States is one Nation .
Are you confused ?
You is n't ?
I are !
Because " United States " is a noun ending in " s " , it can be either singular or plural .
" Jones ' house " could mean the house of one person ( Mr. Jones ) , or many persons ( Mr. and Mrs. Jones and their 12 children ) .
But , in either case , as we learned in fourth grade , the apostrophe must follow the " s " .
Were you born in the United States ?
The preposition " in " shows that " United States " , in that question , is a place -- a geographical place named " United States " .
It is a singular noun .
You can only be born in one place ; so , the term " United States " is one place .
When the term " United States " is singular , it refers to a natural place , a nation , a land .
When " United States " is a plural noun , it refers to the " Union " of the several States .
Unions are things that are " Un- natural " ; they are things , not places .
Unions , as We the People said , need to be perfected ; nations cannot be perfected .
Unions , all unions , exist by agreement ; Nations exist naturally .
The only requisite for citizenship is your " place " of birth .
Every Person is a natural Citizen of some Nation .
Nature is so important to citizenship , that Persons wishing to change citizenship must be NATURAL - ized .
For those who appreciate 2000 - year - old terms , " naturalized " means " born again " .
But , that 's not important .
Just remember that original citizenship exists because of places , not agreements .
If you want to get fancy , look up the definition of " Jus soli " in a legal dictionary , like Black 's Law Dictionary , Sixth Edition ( with pronunciations ) .
If you were born in the United States ( the " Nation " , in the singular sense ) , you are automatically a Citizen of the United States , i.e. the United States , one place , one Nation .
Would you also like to join the " Union " , the United States ( in the plural sense ) , " them " ?
Sorry , only States can join this Union .
People cannot join this Union , although they can serve in Congress .
Carefully read the qualifications for serving in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives ; both qualifications share one important thing : every qualified candidate must be a Citizen of ( one of ) the United States .
At least that 's how it was intended to be .
In 1867 , " United States " was either the name of a geographical place , or the name of a Union of states .
In 1868 , a new meaning was created .
A third meaning .
The Fourteenth amendment accomplished this feat .
It begins like this : " All persons born ... in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States .... "
The problem here is that the Fourteenth amendment uses the term " United States " , first in the singular , geographic , national sense ( in the United States ) , and then in the plural , Union agreement sense ( jurisdiction thereof ) -- but it did not make the word " jurisdiction " plural .
It should have read " jurisdictions thereof " .
But , that would have been quite illogical , for places do not possess jurisdiction .
The Union had jurisdiction over the several States , but not over People , and We the People had jurisdiction over the Union -- or so We said .
Under the definitions of the term " United States " circa 1867 , the Fourteenth amendment made no sense .
Rather than to admit the foolishness of this amendment ( which was never lawfully ratified ) , a new meaning was given to the term " United States " .
It became a TITLE .
This meaning was never imagined by the Framers of the original U.S. Constitution .
They took great care in it to grant no titles to the federal government .
The U.S. Constitution merely describes the government of the United States ; it used no Titles .
The best example of this fact is that the " supreme " Court is spelled with a lower - case " s " .
The U.S. Constitution " entitled " nothing .
" We the People " is the only real title used anywhere in that document !
In fact , titles of nobility are expressly prohibited in the organic U.S. Constitution .
We the People had had our fill of kings , and nobles of kings .
You and I were intended to be the only Nobility of this Nation .
Our title was our birthright ; it was not granted by the federal ( feudal ) government .
It was not a privilege -- it was a Right , a fundamental Right , no less .
But , the Fourteenth amendment , while it attempted to establish a title , did not eliminate or change the prior meanings of the terms " United States " , or " Citizen " , as those terms were used in the organic U.S. Constitution .
Hence , since 1868 , the term " United States " has had three different meanings : ( 1 ) the geographical name of a Nation , ( 2 ) the name of a Union of States , and ( 3 ) a title of nobility referring to a government operating outside of the several States of the Union .
The first meaning is singular and natural ; the second meaning is plural and created by agreement ; the third meaning is singular and granted .
But , wait !
The federal government may grant no titles of nobility .
True .
Very true .
The government of the United States may not , but you can !
As a nobleman , you can grant a title , only you .
Plus , you can abdicate your title ; you can trade it for a new one .
But , you can only trade downwards , because the title you were born with is the highest title .
You can trade your high title for a low one ; that 's a Right which you possess .
It 's easy to do -- too easy , actually .
They have also made it as easy as possible , because government agents want you to join their vast herd of subjects .
All you need to do is to claim that your new title is " citizen of the United States " .
Do that , and you will instantly inform the rest of the world that you are a person ( lower - case " p " ) who is " subject to the jurisdiction of the United States " [ sic ] .
You will use " United States " as a title conferred upon " citizen " ( lower - case " c " ) , and you will thereby prove that you believe the " United States " is something ( someone ) other than a geographical description , or the name of a Union of States .
By claiming that it has a jurisdiction greater than your own , you grant it a TITLE .
The " person " who holds the highest title of a Nation , and who subjects people to his jurisdiction , is called a KING .
Have you ever claimed the title of " citizen of the United States " ?
Did you ever get a Social Security number and card ?
You did it .
How about a passport ?
Same thing .
Passports and social security are entitlements ( read " en-TITLE - ment " ) .
They are granted by the high noble , to the lesser nobles .
Entitlements are granted by the " United States " ( in the singular sense ) .
This government is a government of title .
It exists side - by - side with the constitutionally described " government of the United States of America " , under the Constitution for the United States of America ( see Preamble ) .
Do you want proof ?
Take a look at anything possessed by this government .
On that object , you will find a label , or a placard , or a sign .
It reads : " property of the United States Government . "
It owns more property than any feudal king ever dreamed of possessing , but then , it also has more subjects than any feudal king ever had , by far !
As a person of low title under the United States ( feudal ) government , you are bound to obey not only law , but a " Code " as well .
Remember how feudal knights had to obey a code -- a code of chivalry ?
Well , the " Code " which a citizen of the United States is bound to obey is called ( " entitled " ) the " United States Code " ( no apostrophe ) .
Originally , this Code was called the " Code of Law of the United States " , but it was quickly filled with so much non-law that the name was changed , so that persons ( not " Persons " ) claiming low title would know that it was for them to obey .
You did not realize this ?
Maybe you do n't deserve your birthright title !
At the same time , another problem arose .
The courts described in the Constitution had jurisdiction ( read " judicial power " ) in all matters arising under the Constitution , the laws , and the treaties of the United States , which were made under THEIR authority , plural , the " Union " .
If violators of the Code were to be punished by the courts , or if the courts were to hear any matter under their special " Code " , then a new court system had to be established -- a court system for persons of low title ( small " p " ) .
These courts would be courts of title .
What are the names of these courts ?
Answer : " United States District Court " and " United States Court of Appeals " .
The courts described by the U.S. Constitution would be " district Courts of the United States " , " appeals Court of the United States " , and " supreme Court of the United States " .
It would appear that , since both titled courts and constitutional courts must now exist , side - by - side , then the judges must sit in either ; they really hold two jobs .
You determine which court by addressing your petition to one or the other .
You pick .
The titled courts are no place for a Freeman , a Citizen of ONE OF the United States of America .
These courts have a zillion rules ( published for the " Code " ) , right down to the kind of paper and the style of type you must use in your pleadings .
The courts of the United States are quite the opposite , having no published rules .
These courts are courts of Law , convened for Justice .
Trivial things like paper and type style have no bearing on either .
Here , substance always prevails over form .
For proof , examine 28 U.S.C. 2072 ( a ) , where constitutional courts are not even mentioned in the authority which Congress granted the Supreme Court to promulgate rules of practice and procedure , and rules of evidence , but only for titled courts -- United State district courts .
If you are a citizen of the United States , you will have to appear before a court of title , at least in civil matters under the Code .
Jurisdiction in criminal matters is properly still left to " district Courts of the United States " .
Lucky criminals !
Counterfeiters and pirates fare far better than persons of low title !
Well , they should , for their Court follows Law and Justice , while a United States District Court follows only " Code " .
Titled courts , like the United States District Court , are harsh in their administration of the Code , for they are bound to nothing else ( assuming the presiding judge is not also a criminal ) .
These courts will gladly take the word of a United States ATTORNey over the word of a petty citizen of the United States .
To " attorn " is to supervise the transfer an estate from the old lord to the new lord ; it is a term from feudal law .
When they attorn properly , they are rewarded handsomely .
In courts of title , rank has its privileges .
These courts owe no allegiance to the U.S. Constitution ; they need not rule by the Laws of the United States of America ( the " Union " ) .
They follow only a Code .
They obey their master , the United States ( feudal ) government .
These courts , as did the infamous Crown Courts of England , exist only for the benefit of the peerage and , unfortunately , often to the detriment of the Freemen of the land .
This " dual court " system is probably the only reason for what , at first glance , appears to be a set of contradictory " case laws " .
While a reasonable mind can understand the potential for divergent court holdings from one State to another , the contradictions manifest in " federal " court holdings are quite troubling , indeed .
Ever wonder how the " Supreme " Court can overturn itself ?
Most often , it does not .
But , one can quickly see that the decisions of courts of title , or " United States Courts " , would oft times conflict with the rules made by constitutional " courts of the United States " .
One hears only matters brought by titled citizens , the other hears matters brought by Freemen .
Since the decisions are published in the same volumes , with no distinction between the courts , case law seems to contradict itself .
Should you find this " dual court " concept a bit far fetched , examine the Internal Revenue Code , sections 7402 ( b ) and 7604 ( a ) .
You will find that these sections grant the authority to two different courts to enforce a summons .
The sections are identical , word - for - word in every respect , except for one : one section gives authority to the " United States district courts " and the other section gives authority to the " district courts of the United States " .
For a recent discussion of this all important distinction , read " Karma and the Federal Courts " in the Supreme Law Library on the Internet , and the supporting citations in " A Collection of Court Authorities in re the District Court of the United States " also in the Supreme Law Library .
Why both ?
Income taxes are excise taxes .
They are an excise / occupation tax on a privilege .
The privilege is your title -- citizen of the United States .
A " first party " summons is served upon a titled person .
But , a " third party " summons might be served upon anyone , titled or not .
Thus , one court must enforce the one ; the other court must enforce the other .
Since a titled person ( lower - case " p " ) is required by the Code to keep books , records and papers , the court of title can demand the delivery of those documents , without particularly describing them , without describing the place to be searched , without the presentment of an accusation by a party under oath or affirmation .
Should a titled person fail to deliver up such documents , he will find himself in jail for contempt -- not contempt of court , but contempt of the Code !
A court of title may jail him for failing to produce records which no one has even claimed existed in the first place !
He will be released from jail only when he " creates " the documents which a titled person is required to possess .
Nowhere is the dual court / dual government system more apparent than in tax matters .
At common law , titled individuals ( but not the king ) are bound by an oath of allegiance , in order to be entitled .
Thus , income tax forms must be signed only by persons under oath , persons who are subject to the " penalties of perjury " .
Signing such a form is a confession that you hold title .
The form is to be signed by a " citizen of the United States " or a " resident of the United States " ( singular sense here ) .
Hence , a signed tax form is always introduced as evidence , in a " criminal " tax prosecution , to show that the defendant has claimed a title .
Signed tax forms need not be notarized , because they conform to affirmations made " inside the United States " .
For proof , see 28 U.S.C. 1746 ( 2 ) , and then compare its companion at subsection 1746 ( 1 ) .
Perhaps you have heard that tax deductions are granted by the " grace " of the United States ( feudal ) government .
It 's true .
Grace is a favor , a privilege .
Kings dispense grace ; kings deny grace .
What is given in grace , may be denied .
The IRS will often deny tax deductions .
Search as we may , it is impossible to discover where it is in the U.S. Constitution that the federal government is authorized to dispense or deny any " grace " .
But , the government of the United States of America does not dispense or deny grace ; the United States Government does .
It dispenses and denies grace to its subjects -- the citizens of the United States .
This king wears no crown , for it has no head .
It can not be killed .
It can not be harmed .
It can not even be sued , unless it first " grants " its own permission to be sued .
It is hardly the same government which We demanded would always allow Us to petition for redress of grievances , an unalienable Right guaranteed by the Petition Clause of the First Amendment !
This government - king has existed for over 100 years .
At first , it was quite innocuous , for it had very few subjects .
But , when it tricked Us , the People , into signing away our birthrights via reams of forms , its power became immense .
Today , this government by title is so powerful that the original , constitutional government of the United States of America became lost in its shadow .
There are still two governments .
One asks that you should serve it ; the other only seeks to serve you .
The government of title will entice you with promises of grants and enTITLEments : welfare , social security , low - interest loans , grants of exemption , grants of deduction .
But , it can give you nothing .
It exists only by your authority .
It can not give you anything that you did not already possess .
Try as it might to deceive you , it exists by your grace -- not the other way around !
Do Us both a favor : withdraw your grace ; deny your grace .
Be a Citizen of ONE OF the United States of America again .
Stop trying to serve two masters ; you can't do it .
The Holy Bible says so , and it is the Word of the Most High .
Stop pretending that you are subject to the jurisdiction of the United States , and announce that you are subject to the jurisdiction of the Most High , and only the Most High .
You wo n't be , unless you choose to be .
Even the greatest earthly king is only a king by the consent of his subjects .
Make yourself subject only to the King of kings .
Stop being a subject of anyone else , or anything else .
Be a free man !
Refuse to claim that you are a " citizen of the United States " .
This term is identical to , and should be replaced by , the term " federal citizen " , because the latter term is entirely unique and cannot be confused with any other legal term .
Confer at " Federal citizenship " in Black 's Law Dictionary , Sixth Edition ( with pronunciations ) .
As a Citizen of ONE OF the United States of America , you may deny jurisdiction to titled courts .
Be aware that this latter term , also known as " State Citizen " , is not defined in Black 's Law Dictionary , however .
And , by all means , stop calling this king by its title , the United States Government .
# # #
Return to Table of Contents for
Ralph Schwan
<
Wonder Woman
Superheroes come from all kinds of origins – exploding planets , radioactive spiders , dead parents , you know the drill .
But there ’s only one character in funnybook history that sprang from the mind of a bondage - obsessed psychiatrist who was into threesomes .
William Moulton Marston was a 1940s proponent of the educational powers of comic books , and when hired by Max Gaines ’ National Periodicals line he came up with a supercharacter who would defeat evil not with fisticuffs , but with love and a magic lasso .
Moulton based his heroine on his wife Elizabeth , as well as on his live - in mistress Olive Byrne .
You heard me right – Willy Mars was getting it from two ladies in the same house .
No wonder he loved women so much .
The Amazon princess Wonder Woman made her debut in 1941 , and has been published near - continuously for over sixty years since .
Gifted with strength and endurance beyond mortal men , Wondy is also easily recognizable by her trademark weaponry – indestructible bracelets that she uses to deflect bullets , a golden lasso that forces whoever is snared by it to tell the truth , and an invisible plane .
I bet that ’s fun to find when you ’re on a bender .
She started out battling the usual suspects of gangsters , Nazis , and vampires , but quickly branched out to more formidable foes .
The early Wonder Woman stories are also notable for their treatment of the heroine ’s hidden weakness – in keeping with Aphrodite ’s Law ( note : not a real law ) , she loses all her powers if a dude ties her up .
The early adventures had a lot of that in it .
Good clean fun , of course !
As the character has aged , there have been tons of retcons and reinterpretations of her story , but the basics are that Diana was formed out of clay by the queen of the Amazons and gifted with the power of the Greek gods .
This intense connection to ancient mythology has informed many of the character ’s most memorable adventures .
What makes Wonder Woman such a compelling figure is n’t just her gender , it ’s her unique personality – as part of DC’s “ Trinity ” ( with Superman and Batman ) , she is a symbol of absolute truth , no matter what the consequences are , and her unflinching moral vision has resulted in the character performing actions that no other superhero would dare attempt , up to cold - blooded murder .
The Cheetah
The Female Fury has no shortage of foes – the malevolent Dr. Psycho , mystical White Magician and moronic Angle Man , to name just three .
But if we were to pick one enemy that has given Diana the most trouble over the years , it would have to be the Cheetah .
Feral and vicious where Wondy is regal and disciplined , she represents power left unchecked to wallow in bestial savagery .
Oh , and she wears a really tight costume .
The first Cheetah was Priscilla Rich , a debutante who Wonder Woman accidentally upstages at a charity event .
This social humiliation brings out her dark alter ego , a cat - suited criminal who revels in chaos .
Naturally , a crazy broad in a leopard - print jumpsuit is n’t really much of a match for a heroine with the strength of Hercules , so later iterations of the Cheetah got a kick up in the power department .
The current Cheetah is Barbara Minerva , a ruthless and cunning anthropologist who gained immortality after bonding with a pagan goddess in the jungles of Africa .
In her human form , she ’s a frail middle - aged woman in constant pain , but when she morphs to the Cheetah she ’s a lightning - fast predator with claws that can even cut Wonder Woman ’s steel - tough hide .
Later on , she was also gifted with superhuman speed to rival that of the Flash .
The Cheetah has been responsible for many of Wondy ’s harshest defeats , including most recently the creation of the abomination known as Genocide .
What makes the Cheetah so deadly is that within the animal rage lies a cold , calculating woman ’s heart , who will stop at nothing to get revenge .
Yeah , I think I dated her back in the 90s .
I 've been waiting to upgrade Python to 2.6 for quite some time now .
Python 2.6 is a good starting point for a future transition to Py3 K , plus it has some nice new features over 2.5 that I was eager to use .
However , when you 're writing serious applications in Python ( especially for work ) that use 3rd party libraries , upgrading is n't simple as you have to wait until the libraries you 're using get upgraded .
Well , this week the last library I 've been waiting for has finally announced Python 2.6 support - PyQwt .
So I 've cleaned up my Python 2.5 installation , installed 2.6 with all the modules I routinely use , and now I 'm running Python 2.6 !
Python 2.6 has quite a few new features .
Here are some that I find most interesting :
The documentation
The documentation was revamped ( using the Sphinx tool for generating nice HTML from reStructuredText ) .
It can be noticed when browsing documentation - the formatting is definitely friendlier , and it appears that the documentation of some modules was improved with more examples .
multiprocessing
A lot is being written about Python threads and their inability to really use multi-core CPUs because of the GIL .
Well , the multiprocessing module solves it by providing an API for spawning child processes that 's completely compatible with the threading API .
It also supports Queue and Pipe for convenient , synchronized communication between processes .
It looks like multiprocessing is the answer people needed to make Python programs faster by utilizing multiple CPUs and cores .
Being compatible with the threading API it 's easy to use in safe and powerful ways , which is really great .
' with ' statement in the present , not the future I really like the context managers and with statement features introduced in Python 2.5 .
The only problem is that you had to use a from __future__ import in every file using them .
Well , in 2.6 you no longer have to .
ABCs I know , I know , Python has duck typing and enforcing interfaces is needlessly restrictive .
However , I still find Abstract Base Classes useful from time to time , if only to document an interface user implementations should adhere to .
I 'll quote Doug Hellman :
This capability is especially useful in situations where a third - party is going to provide implementations , such as with plugins to an application , but can also aid you when working on a large team or with a large code - base where keeping all classes in your head at the same time is difficult or not possible .
This is from PyMOTW : ABC which seems like a nice tutorial .
bin
This is a small feature , but a nice one nevertheless .
The new built - in bin function provides a simple and fast way to represent numbers as binary strings : >>> bin( 42 ) ' 0b101010 '
Due to the kind of work I mostly do with Python ( embedded system communication , binary parsing , etc. )
I always had to implement the functionality of bin on my own .
Now I do n't have to , and the built - in is faster , which is great .
fractions >>> from fractions import Fraction >>> Fraction ( 16 , - 10 ) Fraction (- 8 , 5 ) >>> Fraction ( 123 ) Fraction ( 123 , 1 ) >>> Fraction ( ) Fraction ( 0 , 1 ) >>>
Fraction ( ' 3/7 ' ) Fraction ( 3 , 7 ) [ 40794 refs ] >>> Fraction ( ' - 3/7 ' ) Fraction (- 3 , 7 ) >>> Fraction ( ' 1.414213 \t
' ) Fraction ( 1414213 , 1000000 ) >>> Fraction ( '-. 125 ' ) Fraction (- 1 , 8 ) So far I 've only needed fractions ( rational numbers ) for solving Project Euler problems .
I downloaded and used SymPy especially for its Rational class .
Now there 's a built - in .
namedtuple namedtuple`` in the collections module is a useful idiom I 've borrowed into my 2.5 code a long time ago .
It 's great to have it built - in at last . >>> from collections import namedtuple >>>
MessageType = namedtuple ( ' MessageType ' , ' id src dest data ' ) >>> new_msg = MessageType ( id = 12 , src= 0 x1123 , dest= 0 x1255 , data= ' sdasdfsdf ' ) >>> new_msg MessageType ( id = 12 , src= 4387 , dest= 4693 , data= ' sdasdfsdf ' ) >>> new_msg.id 12 >>> for f in new_msg : ... print f ... 12 4387 4693 sdasdfsdf >>> namedtuple is immediately useful , but it 's still a bit unpolished , IMHO .
Hopefully now that it's in the standard library , it will be worked on and improved even more .
os.path.relpath
A new , useful function that was added to the os. path module : >>> os.path.relpath ( r'c:\data\utils\temp ' , r'c:\data ' ) ' utils\\temp '
Queue .
PriorityQueue and Queue .LifoQueue
I just love the Queue module , and use it almost every time I have to write threaded ( and soon , multiprocessing ) code .
It 's simply the best way to communicate between threads in Python .
2.6 has added two new types of synchonized queues : a priority queue and a LIFO queue ( stack ) .
I still do n't know what I 'm going to use these for , but it 's great to have them in the toolbox .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday rejected two amendments to include a government - run public health insurance option in the only compromise health care bill so far .
Sen .
Max Baucus said the public option provision would " hold back meaningful reform this year . "
The amendments by Democratic Sens. Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia and Charles Schumer of New York were opposed by all 10 Republicans on the committee and a few Democrats , including committee Chairman Sen. Max Baucus of Montana .
Baucus explained that he liked much about the idea of a public option but that he knew a health care bill containing the provision would fail to win enough support in the full Senate to overcome a Republican filibuster .
" I fear if this provision is in the bill , it will hold back meaningful reform this year , " Baucus said .
Rockefeller said that unfair practices by insurance companies required a not - for - profit alternative that would give consumers a lower - cost option and , in some cases , the only coverage they could get .
" They 're getting away with banditry .
They revel in it , " Rockefeller said of tactics by insurance companies to avoid covering high - cost or high - risk consumers .
" I feel so strongly about it because it makes so much sense , " he said .
" The people I represent need this , because they 're helpless " in terms of health insurance .
However , Republican Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa said a public option means the government eventually taking over the health care system .
" A government - run plan will ultimately force private insurers out of business , " Grassley said , adding that the federal government would run the plan and run the market in which the plan competes .
" It will come to a single payer , " he said of a government - run system for all .
" That denies the American people choice . "
Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey countered that such a characterization was " absurd , and everyone knows it . "
" For patients , it will simply be one more choice , " he said .
The White House responded to Tuesday 's actions with spokesman Reid Cherlin repeating both President Barack Obama 's support for a public option -- and also his willingness to consider other proposals .
Obama " has said he is open to other constructive ideas of increasing choice and competition , " Cherlin said .
" He will work with Congress to ensure that under health insurance reform , Americans who cannot find affordable coverage will always have a choice . "
The Finance Committee is the last congressional panel to consider health care legislation before debate begins in the full House and Senate .
Democratic proposals passed by another Senate committee and three House committees all include the public insurance option .
Republicans unanimously oppose the government - run insurance option , saying it would drive private insurers from the market and eventually bring a government takeover of the health care system .
Democratic leaders reject that claim , saying the public option would provide needed competition for private insurers while making health coverage accessible to millions of people currently lacking health insurance .
Baucus and five other committee members -- two fellow Democrats and three Republicans -- negotiated the compromise proposal for months before Baucus brought the measure to the full panel .
None of the three Republicans in the " Gang of Six " negotiators has backed the proposal before the committee .
Watch report on how plan would affect " heart attack Harry " »
However , Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe , a moderate from Maine and one of the Gang of Six negotiators , has indicated that she could go along with the Finance Committee proposal if changes are made .
Snowe voted with Democrats on the panel to defeat some Republican amendments last week , when the committee began debating the proposal .
Obama and Democratic leaders , aware of a rockier political climate because of midterm congressional elections in 2010 , insist that a bill must pass this year to address spiraling health care costs that are threatening economic stability .
Republicans say they agree on the need to reform aspects of the health care system but oppose the overhaul proposed by Democrats as too comprehensive and costly .
Both parties agree on major aspects of health care reform , including a halt to insurance company practices of denying coverage for pre-existing conditions and capping the annual out - of - pocket expenses of consumers for health care .
They also agree on creating incentives for preventive health care to help lower overall costs .
In efforts to bridge differences , the Finance Committee proposal dropped the public insurance option and a mandate for all employers to provide health coverage .
It would require individuals to have coverage or face a fine of up to $ 1,900 for a family of four but includes subsidies to help low - and middle - income Americans obtain health care plans .
The committee began debating the compromise measure last week , with arguments erupting over Democratic proposals to reduce subsidies for some Medicare coverage while eliminating fraud and waste in the government health care plan for senior citizens .
Republicans argued that the changes would reduce benefits for senior citizens , but Democrats say the overall effect would be minor .
Some advocacy groups cite reports that the amount of money involved is no more than 5 percent of overall Medicare spending and therefore wo n't adversely affect benefits for the elderly .
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said the Finance Committee proposal would cost $ 774 billion over 10 years , but amendments have probably increased the overall price tag .
By contrast , the budget office said Democratic proposals would cost more than $ 1 trillion over 10 years .
In the House , Democratic leaders planned a series of meetings beginning Tuesday on merging the three versions passed out of House committees while bringing down the overall cost by $ 200 billion .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi said last week that she expected a final version for consideration by the full chamber soon , but she was unable to provide a specific timetable .
Fiscally minded " Blue Dog " Democrats in the House and conservative Democrats in the Senate are worried about estimates of how much the plans will cost .
With prospects dim for any Republican support for a health care bill , the Democratic leadership wants to bring liberals , progressives and conservatives in their party together to use its majority in both chambers to pass a bill this year .
In the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada needs 60 votes to overcome a possible Republican filibuster .
There are 60 seats in the Democratic Senate caucus , but some are independents or moderates unlikely to support a public option or some of the most costly reforms .
Reid could implement a legislative option known as reconciliation , which would require only 51 votes to pass a health care bill .
However , Republicans warn against such a move as shortsighted legislative warfare that would sow deep and long - lasting division .
Snowe has proposed a possible compromise : a " trigger " mechanism that would create a public option in the future if specific thresholds for expanded coverage and lower costs are not met .
The trigger has yet to be included in any proposal .
CNN 's Dan Lothian contributed to this report .
All About Health Care Policy • U.S. Senate Committee on Finance
The Hubble Space Telescope has caught the most detailed view of the Crab Nebula in one of the largest images ever assembed by the space - based observatory .
Cosmic rays pour down on Earth like a constant rain .
We do n't much notice these high - energy particles , but they may have played a role in the evolution of life on our planet .
Some of the mass extinctions identified in the fossil record can be linked to an asteroid impact or increased volcanism , but many of the causes of those ancient die - offs are still open for debate .
" There may have been nearby astronomical goings - on that drastically increased the radiation on Earth , " says Brian Fields from the University of Illinois .
A supernova going off 30 light - years away could cause such a jump in radiation on our planet that could directly , or indirectly , wipe out huge numbers of species .
Currently researchers are looking for possible evidence for this sort of cosmic foul play .
" Just finding dead beasties is not proof of a nearby supernova , " Fields says .
A hard rain is going to fall
Cosmic rays are mostly high - energy protons originating from supernova shock waves .
We can't precisely trace where a cosmic ray came from because its trajectory is bent by magnetic fields .
In fact , a typical cosmic ray will bounce inside the galaxy 's magnetic field for millions of years before eventually colliding with something … like Earth .
" Every square centimeter on the top of the Earth 's atmosphere is hit by several cosmic rays per second , " Fields says .
" This is forever going on . "
None of these " primary " cosmic rays ever reach us on the ground .
Instead , they collide with atoms in the upper atmosphere , creating a shower of lower energy " secondary " particles .
Secondary effects
At sea level , the majority of cosmic ray secondaries are highly penetrating muons .
About 10,000 muons pass through our bodies every minute .
Some of these muons will ionize molecules as they go through our flesh , occasionally leading to genetic mutations that may be harmful .
At present , the average human receives the equivalent of about 10 chest X - rays per year from cosmic rays .
We should n't be alarmed by this , since it is just part of the natural background radiation under which humans and our ancestors have been exposed to for eons .
Indeed , cosmic - ray - induced mutations may sometimes be beneficial .
" It is clear that in some way cosmic rays shaped evolution of organisms on Earth , " says Franco Ferrari from the University of Szczecin in Poland .
In a recent issue of the journal Astrobiology , Ferrari and Ewa Szuszkiewicz from the same university reviewed what we know about cosmic rays , and they argue that the current biological relevance of these particles is not necessarily representative of the past .
" It is very likely that organisms of early Earth possessed DNA that was unstable and could easily mutate under external agents , more so , perhaps , than the DNA of present - day bacteria , " the authors write .
Cosmic ray storm
Not only might biology have been more susceptible to mutation long ago , but the cosmic rays might have been more intense in the past , affecting both Earth 's atmosphere and the life below .
One controversial theory suggests cosmic rays can increase cloud production .
Cloudier skies bounce more sunlight off into space , cooling the planet and leading to widespread ecosystem changes .
Another theory about increased cosmic radiation has nearly the opposite effect -- by stripping away our protective ozone layer , the Earth would have been blasted by more solar UV radiation .
All that extra UV would have created hostile conditions for life .
Ozone depletion also could arise from a nearby gamma ray burst .
However , the radiation flash would last only a second , and the ozone would recover after a few years .
In contrast , cosmic rays from a nearby supernova would bombard Earth for at least 1,000 years , according to Fields .
" An organism might be able wait out a gamma ray burst , but cosmic rays are going to affect many generations , " he says .
Near miss
One way to tell whether an extinction event was due to cosmic rays is to look for radioactive isotopes that would have formed in a nearby supernova and then were blown onto our planet by the associated blast wave .
In 1999 , a group from the Technical University of Munich in Germany detected iron - 60 in rock samples from the deep ocean .
This extremely rare iron isotope is forged in the fires of supernovae .
It is also radioactively unstable , with a half - life of 1.5 million years , so it must have come from a fairly recent supernova .
From the iron -60's location and concentration , the German group later calculated that the putative supernova went off 2.8 million years ago at a distance of about 100 light years away .
Fields believes this was probably too far away to have caused an extinction - level event .
" I 'd call it a near miss , " he says .
The cosmic rays from this supernova may have had an effect on the climate , but to cause serious biological damage , a supernova would need to explode within about 30 light years of Earth .
Cosmic ray roulette
Although 30 light - years is small on a galactic scale , Fields thinks it likely that Earth has been caught in a supernova " kill radius " as many as a dozen times over our 4.5 - billion - year history .
However , a nearby supernova is not the only way to increase the cosmic ray intensity .
As our Sun orbits around the galactic center , it regularly passes through one of the galaxy 's spiral arms where the cosmic ray radiation is higher than average , says Ferrari .
Some researchers speculate that each passage through a spiral arm spawns an Ice Age on Earth through cosmic - ray - induced cloud formation .
In a similar vein , Melott and his colleagues found a possible link between the bobbing of our Sun up and down in the galactic plane and a 63 - million - year cycle in fossil biodiversity .
The hypothesis is that our solar system is exposed to more cosmic rays every time the solar system peaks out of one side of the galaxy .
However , Melott now thinks this bobbing may only play a small part , seeing as recent evidence points to a correlation between continental uplift and the observed biodiversity cycle .
More work is definitely needed to tie cosmic rays to extinction events .
Melott says that the search continues for other radioactive isotope evidence of nearby supernovae , and his group is developing simulations of cosmic ray bombardment to see if there might be any recognizable pattern to the biological destruction .
" No one has calculated the full effects on the ground , " he says .
We all know Dirt Diglett is loosely based on Don Cubone .
Not really much to say today .
Been trying to get ready for SPX this week .
I ’ve had fun attending the convention before .
I ’m hoping I have equally as much fun , if not more , on the other side of the table .
I ’ll give a report of the convention afterward or maybe during .
We ’ll just have to see how it pans out .
In July 2008 , Switzerland ’s Small Arms Survey released its 2008 annual report on which countries have the best and the worst records when it comes to transparency and the small arms trade — the diversion of weapons such as rifles and anti-tank guided weapons that can fuel civil conflicts and insurgencies .
Canada ’s score ?
A disappointing 14.5 out of a possible 25 points , putting us between Australia and the Czech Republic for sixteenth place out of 40 countries .
The most transparent country ?
The U.S. , with its near - perfect score of 21 .
Well , at least we no longer rank just one notch above Iran , as was the situation in 2007 when we scored a mere 11 points .
While we might like to think of ourselves as peacekeepers , the truth is that Canada houses a thriving military goods industry that includes everything from small arms to night - vision goggles .
And while the companies that make up this industry are dutifully reporting to the federal government , the last time the feds reported to Parliament on our weapons trade was in 2002 .
Governmental secrecy contributes to low rankings on the survey , explains Eric Berman , managing director of the SAS .
Canada lost marks because we ’re slow to release the data the government does have on our arms industry .
For example , a report that looked at which Canadian weapons went where in 2003 to 2005 was only made available in 2008 .
Perhaps the feds are so secretive because they do n’t want us , or the rest of the world , knowing exactly how huge our military industry is .
Last year , after being unable to find the necessary facts on our military goods industry , CBC researchers set to work and in the fall , released a report that contained some shocking numbers .
They found that around 500 companies in Canada are making defence and security products and that between 2000 and 2007 , Canada exported US $ 3.6 billion in military goods , making us the sixth largest weapons exporter in the world .
Currently the U.K. ( which exported US $ 19 billion worth of defence gear in 2007 alone ) , along with the U.S. and Russia , are the world ’s top military goods exporters .
But with the Tories ’ June amendment to the Automatic Firearms Country Control List now allowing us to sell weapons to 11 new countries , including Bulgaria and Turkey , expect our defence gear industry to only grow in the future .
As for the lack of federal reports on our arms industry , Michael O’Shaughnessy , spokesperson for Foreign Affairs and International Trade Canada , explains that there is no legislative requirement to create such documents and any such publications , past or future , are produced as a voluntary transparency measure .
He does add that a report on our 2006 - 2007 arms exports is currently being prepared for public release on the Internet .
So maybe the SAS ’s annual reports are starting to pay off and that , explains Berman , is his organization ’s goal .
“ We hope through the barometer to encourage greater transparency . ”
Because without that transparency , “ it makes tackling illegal trade all the more difficult . ”
The DNS hijacker is here to stay .
When Denver - based developer Brent Gartner returned home from vacation this week , he discovered that Comcast , his home ISP , was redirecting his mistyped urls to its very own ad - laden search pages .
Earlier this month , the cable giant resurrected this age - old land - grab scheme in several US markets , including Colorado , with an eye on hijacking typos across the country .
Comcast does provide an opt -out .
And Brent Gartner promptly did so .
But the new scheme still boils his blood .
" This pisses me off as it will surely break many web - serivces , spiders , and any client other than web browsers that use HTTP , " he tells The Reg .
" It looks like a blatant attempt to steal revenue from competing services . "
As you might expect , Comcast does n't call its DNS hijacker a DNS hijacker .
It prefers " Domain Helper service . "
" Despite the fact that web addresses are easier to remember than their IP address counterparts , sometimes you mistype an address , " reads a company blog post .
" Normally , you then sit and wait for the Web browser to time out , then you receive an error message that the site does not exist , and then you have to retype the correct address .
" With the Domain Helper service we are testing now , we will instead help direct your Web browser to an easy - to - use page with suggestions and links to get you back on track .
We also provide a seamless search experience on this page , which is powered by Yahoo ! , so you can find relevant search information , or simply perform another search . "
And no doubt , when you click on Yahoo ! ads , Comcast takes a cut .
The , um , service is currently under trial in Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico , Oregon , Texas , Utah , and Washington .
But other markets can expect some hijacking in the near future .
" The goal is to roll it out nationally when we ’re done testing in these initial markets , " a company spokesman tells us .
Countless other ISPs have introduced similar schemes , including Charter , Cox , Earthlink , and Verizon .
And some , including California - based ISP DSL Extreme , were forced to reverse themselves in the face of user complaints .
Famously , VeriSign once tried to hijack typos as a top - level domain operator .
And it backpedaled , as well .
Comcast has at least been open about the matter - while providing an opt - out .
The company has also submitted a whitepaper on the operation to the Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) , available here .
The ISP does not prevent the use of the third - party DNS servers - though it was falsely accused of doing so earlier this year . ®
Afrigadget has a wonderful post on two ingenious blacksmiths in Lamu , Kenya , whose bellows have been improvised from cement sacks .
Lamu Cement - bag Bellows ( AfriGadget ) from WhiteAfrican on Vimeo .
Adam and Abdul make all types of items , but they told me that their main products are anchors , which range from small to large ( 2000 - 5000 / = or $ 26 - 65 ) and , chisels and coconut shellers .
They create a lot of the small metal pieces on the local dhows , and also make doors and window frames for the homes in the town .
Really , they can make just about anything that you desire , like experienced metal workers anywhere in the world .
What 's amazing is what they do it with .
by Ben Cohen
Following through from my earlier post on Bill Emmet 's assertion that neo liberal economies will prove the best able to cope with the recession , check out this article on France and Germany 's recovery from the very conservative Telegraph :
Crass Keynesianism has done its job .
A blast of fiscal stimulus and " cash - for - clunker "
schemes have lifted France and Germany from the depths of recession .
The twin motors of Europe each eked out 0.3 pc growth in the second quarter ,
much to the consternation of their own governments and the International
Monetary Fund .
The eurozone as a whole shrank 0.1 pc. Christine Lagarde , the
French finance minister , interrupted her holiday to announce that " France
was finally coming out of the red " .
Her country has been cushioned by
its big state sector and well - regulated banks .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Apologists for deregulation and debt based economies should take note .
When papers like the Telegraph are rubbishing your theories , it might be time to have a rethink .
The dispute has threatened to pit two unions against each other .
Morton Williams employees are represented by the Retail , Wholesale and Department Store Union .
Dozens of members showed up last week to hear Richard L. Trumka , the newly elected president of the A.F.L. - C.I.O. , praise the Kingsbridge alliance as a model community involvement .
At a rally in front of the armory , Mr. Trumka said the building could either become the heart of the surrounding area or it could become “ a profit center for people outside the community . ”
Large supermarkets in the New York area are represented by the United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 1500 , however .
Pat Purcell , director of special projects for the local , said an operator like Pathmark could bring in hundreds of union jobs .
“ If we knew it was a unionized employer , it would be very difficult for us not to be supportive , ” he said .
According to recent census data , 28 percent of Bronx residents live in poverty , making it the poorest urban county in the nation .
The August unemployment rate was 13.2 percent .
In recent years , community benefits agreements have eased the way for numerous large projects in New York and elsewhere .
Wage and local hiring guarantees have been a standard part of such pacts , and many have also included a ban on big - box stores or pawnshops and checking - cashing stores .
In the agreement for its newly opened Gateway Center at Bronx Terminal Market , Related agreed not to lease space to Wal - Mart .
Some contracts have enumerated preferred retail uses .
Amy Lavine , a staff lawyer at the Government Law Center at Albany Law School , who monitors community benefits agreements , said she knew of no other pact that excluded supermarkets and grocery stores .
“ Completely excluding a use that ’s beneficial to a community ( as opposed to pawnshops and the like ) may be counterproductive and not in the community ’s best interests , ” she said .
While protecting existing businesses may be a worthy goal , she said , “ protecting specific individual stores raises a perception of favoritism and verges on being anticompetitive . ”
Image Valerie Sloan is a vice president of Morton Williams Supermarkets .
Credit ... Richard Perry / The New York Times
But John Goldstein , the national program director for the Partnership for Working Families , which provides technical assistance to local organizations , including the Kingsbridge alliance , said it was important to protect local businesses that were willing to invest in a low - income community when other businesses would not .
The government has been accused of trying to suppress a report that found the Ministry of Defence is wasting billions of pounds every year as a result of ordering projects it cannot afford .
The report , commissioned by former defence secretary John Hutton and led by ex-MoD aide Bernard Gray , found that the MoD is wasting between £ 1.5 bn and £ 2.5 bn per year .
Its findings were due to have been published before MPs broke up for the summer recess but its release has been delayed , with the prime minister announcing last month that the report would now form part of a further defence review .
An unnamed MoD official told Channel 4 News yesterday that Number 10 had " panicked " at the findings of the report and intervened to prevent its publication .
The programme said the MoD could only afford two - thirds of the defence equipment it was buying , forcing it to delay major projects , such as new aircraft carriers .
It added that the report recommends holding a review of defence policy every parliament to help control its budget and bringing in the private sector to improve the MoD 's procurement expertise .
The findings come as the government stands accused of failing to provide troops in Afghanistan with the equipment they need .
Since operations began in the country , 192 British service personnel have died , with 22 killed in July alone .
Douglas Young , chairman of the British Armed Forces Federation , said : " This is worrying news because it is not just about the well - known complexity of defence procurement but that taxpayers ' money , instead of being spent on real defence needs , has been poured down the drain because of delays and underfunding . "
The Conservatives accused the government of wasting money that could be spent equipping frontline troops in Afghanistan .
The shadow defence secretary , Dr Liam Fox , said the findings were a " damning indictment of 12 years of incompetence " .
" By trying to suppress this report , the prime minister has demonstrated that he cares more about the reputation of Labour than he does about the wellbeing of the Armed Forces , " he said .
Defence minister Kevan Jones told the programme that he did not recognise the £ 2.5 bn figure , although he added this did not mean it was wrong .
He rejected any suggestion that defence procurement was incompetent and denied Gray 's report said it was .
LONDON / NUSA DUA , Indonesia ( Reuters ) -
It could save the rainforests of Borneo , slow climate change and the international community backs it .
But a plan to pay tropical countries not to chop down trees risks being discredited by opportunists even before it starts .
An aerial view of a deforested Amazonian jungle is seen close to Maraba , in Brazil 's central state of Para in this May 3 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Paulo Whitaker
A forest carbon market is emerging in anticipation of a global , U.N. climate deal in December in Copenhagen , expected to allow rich countries to pay to protect rainforests as a cheap alternative to cutting their own greenhouse gases .
Officials in Papua New Guinea ( PNG ) have underlined how things may go awry .
Reuters has uncovered evidence of a multi-million - dollar offer of assistance from carbon brokers to a government agency , and confusion over whether offset sales were from valid projects .
There is growing interest from countries and companies in the developed world to buy the rights to the carbon stored in trees as they grow , to offset their own emissions of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide .
But development and environment groups have long warned that suddenly placing a big value on rainforests could spur friction and even conflict in some developing nations , because of uncertain tenure rights , corruption and inadequate policing .
At a conference on the Indonesian island of Bali last week , Interpol environmental crime official Peter Younger told Reuters he expected fraudulent trading of carbon credits , as organized crime infiltrates the system of companies and countries in the developed world buying rights to the stored carbon .
Indonesia last month became the first country to set out some form of regulation for how its scheme will work , but stressed it has not yet developed a model for the most sensitive issue of revenue collection .
Papua New Guinea , which has some of the world ’s fastest - disappearing rainforest and has championed the forest carbon market , established its Office of Climate Change and Environmental Sustainability ( OCCES ) in 2008 to develop forest protection projects .
The agency suspended in January all plans to sell rights to the carbon stored in its rainforests after deals sparked land ownership disputes , a senior official told Reuters .
“ All projects are suspended while we get some experience , ” said Theo Yasause , executive director of OCCES .
One such project included the department ’s own proposal to give exclusive rights to a large area of rainforest to two brokers which would in return donate A$ 10 million ( $ 8 million ) to fund the agency ’s creation .
Brokers develop projects for landowners to sell the carbon stored in their forests in return for a share of those rights .
ASSISTANCE
In government papers dated June 12 2008 , seen by Reuters that Yasause signed and has authenticated , two brokers offered to help fund the OCCES agency .
They were named in the memo as Earth Sky and Climate Assist PNG but could not be located for comment .
“ That memo was in June , by January everything was stopped , ” said Yasause .
“ I said ‘ no , let ’s set a policy first . ’ ”
In the memo Yasause asked PNG Prime Minister Michael Somare to counter - sign a certificate allowing the brokers to sell forest carbon offsets valued at $ 500 million .
“ The ( two brokers are ) prepared to put in 10 million Australian Dollars to assist the establishment of the Office of Climate Change , ” Yasause wrote in the June 2008 memo .
The OCCES would also earn 20 percent of any proceeds from carbon sales .
When the OCCES was created , Prime Minister Somare said it should be self - sufficient through funds generated from forest projects .
When asked why he thought his agency should receive such a large sum , Yasause said : “ Initially we thought we should get some of that .
It was n’t meant to set it as a policy .
When I started I thought ( it ) could come as a tax to government .
“ It was only a proposal .
Nothing came through , ” he added .
MESS
PNG is now crafting an “ open tendering ” policy to sell rights to the carbon stored in its rainforests , Yasause said .
That would apply to one project initially , called April Salome , when the policy was up and running .
“ We suspended all communications and dealings with the brokers at this stage .
I put a notice up saying ‘ there ’s no dealings as of January . ’ ”
However , another broker and project consultant , Swiss - based South Pole Carbon Asset Management , said it had rights to sell carbon credits from a certain portion of the April Salome project and would continue to do so .
“ We have all kinds of letters of ( government ) support , approval and so on , including letters after January , ” said Christian Dannecker , principal at South Pole , who also referred to written authorization for the project from 160 landowner groups in the region .
South Pole is already selling the carbon rights before the project is approved by a third party , called validation , a common practice in carbon markets .
The timing of approval was unsure given it was “ in an early phase , ” said Dannecker .
The company estimates April Salome will generate 1 million tonnes of avoided carbon dioxide emissions per year , but that was not formally audited .
“ We ’re still putting together data , ” said Dannecker .
“ It ’s not done , just estimates . ”
One buyer of the credits from South Pole was a Spanish environment group promoting ecological projects , CeroCO2 , which in turn has sold the offsets to individuals , small companies and an event in Zaragoza , for example to offset travel .
The company has sold 660 tonnes at about 10 euros each .
The buyers paid up - front but the group would replace the credits if the project was never approved , a group spokeswoman said .
CeroCO2 had told their clients that the project was at an early stage and that the carbon offsets were still hypothetical , she added .
CeroCO2 ’s
Web site said the offsets met a standard devised by U.S. - based auditors called the Climate , Community & Biodiversity Alliance ( CCBA ) , but they did not .
“ We have not received any documents about this project , ” said Joanna Durbin , a director at the CCBA .
“ It was a mistake in our Web site , ” the CeroCO2 spokeswoman said .
“ We are human . ” CeroCO2 removed the project from its
Web site after speaking to Reuters .
“ It all goes to show what a horrible mess will ensue when there is neither a basic level of governance in the countries where the forestry credits are supposedly being generated , nor any regulation in the international markets where they are being traded , ” said Simon Counsell , director of the Rainforest Foundation UK .
Counsell urged much slower adoption of forest carbon rules , rather than rushing these in time for a December climate deal .
ELIGIBLE
Industrialized countries already pay developing nations to avoid greenhouse gas emissions , for example to build dams , wind farms or improve the efficiency of their factories , in a $ 6.5 billion trade in carbon offsets .
They view such offsets as a cut - price way to meet their carbon caps under the Kyoto Protocol , instead of taking more costly action at home , for example imposing carbon taxes on industry or households .
Payments to conserve trees are not eligible under Kyoto , but there is enormous pressure to widen the scheme to include rainforests under the successor climate pact to be thrashed out in Copenhagen .
Papua New Guinea helped found the 40 - nation Coalition for Rainforest Nations which wants support for the system , Reduced Emissions from Degradation and Deforestation ( REDD ) , under a new treaty .
Most PNG rainforest is owned by communities and indigenous groups , but the government still hands out concessions , said Andy White at Washington - based Rights and Resources Initiative .
The head of the Office of Climate Change , Yasause , produced papers in a PNG court on Monday confirming that he had suspended a deal -- which he had originally approved -- involving another carbon fund , after complaints from landowners that they had not been consulted over sales of carbon rights in a forested area called Kamula Doso .
“ I am not working with them until I get clarity in this landowner dispute , we cannot do REDD in those places if there is fighting between landowners , it will kill it , ” Yasause told Reuters .
New South Wales Attorney - General John Hatzistergos says there is not enough information available to warrant an independent inquiry into allegations of bribery within the Government .
In the months before his death , Sydney businessman Michael McGurk told journalists about an audio recording he claimed to have made implicating state and federal Labor politicians in corruption .
It is purported to contain conversations about the MPs receiving payments from businessmen in return for favours .
Mr McGurk , 45 , was shot dead outside his Cremorne home on Sydney 's lower north shore on Thursday night in what police say was a targeted killing .
Mr Hatzistergos says he only became aware of the allegations through media reports .
" All I 've got is a newspaper report and I 'm sure that 's available to the other authorities as well , " he said .
" So if anyone 's got any more substantive information , I would encourage them to take it to the police or the Independent Commission Against Corruption ( ICAC ) . "
Earlier , Opposition Leader Barry O'Farrell said ICAC must launch an immediate investigation .
" There are serious allegations that a tape existed alleging corruption in the Rees Government , " he said .
" A man has died and that 's why ICAC should get off its backside and start to investigate this matter .
Mr O'Farrell says if ICAC does not act , a Royal Commission should be established .
The allegations have cast a pall over celebrations marking the first anniversary in office of Premier Nathan Rees , who says he had no knowledge of the tape .
Mr Rees told reporters that he only learnt of the allegation when media contacted his office on Friday .
He would not say if the Government would conduct its own internal investigation into the alleged tape .
" It 's the subject of a police investigation and that 's where it should rest , " he said .
Mr Rees also said he had no knowledge of alleged corrupt behaviour before being informed on Friday .
Like his Attorney - General , Mr Rees reiterated that anyone with information to contact the police or ICAC .
The ABC understands Mr McGurk had told people his home and office were recently burgled .
Police say they had been investigating a break - in at his home in the weeks leading up to his death .
The head of the homicide squad , Geoff Beresford , says Mr McGurk was well - known to police .
' Dynamite tape '
Mr McGurk 's business associate , Jim Byrnes , told ABC Radio's PM on Friday that Mr McGurk feared for his life because of the tape recording .
Mr Byrnes says there could have been a long list of people who may have wanted Mr McGurk killed .
" It 's a pretty well - established fact that there was supposed to be a tape recording of a lengthy conversation that he had with a person who he is currently in dispute with , and that tape recording related to supposed financial payments to very senior politicians within the state , " he told PM .
" Had that tape seen the light of day you might be seeing a chain [ effect ] .
You might be seeing two or three politicians no longer being politicians .
" A former NSW politician and powerbroker had reviewed the tape and as I understand it was dynamite .
" When I was told of this , my response was that it should be handed over to the Crime Commission and ... copies of it should be provided to all of the major networks and newspapers . "
Mr Byrnes says he has not heard the tape and does not have a copy of it .
" But I do understand that several copies were made and I'm of the belief that some responsible person that he knew was given instructions on what to do with it if anything happened to him , " he said .
Mr Byrnes was jailed in 1986 over a drug charge and the corporate watchdog ASIC has disqualified him twice .
Up until two weeks ago , Mr McGurk was facing assault and arson charges and was due to face court yesterday over a property dispute .
Sydney Morning Herald journalist Kate McClymont has reported that Mr McGurk told her of the existence the audio tape in July .
She says he called her last week saying he had been told of a plan to kill him .
But McClymont told the ABC that as far as she was aware , he had not sought police protection .
The ABC has not heard the tape but has been told by a second source that Mr McGurk had told other people about the existence of a tape .
There are no suggestions that individuals mentioned in this story are involved in the murder of Mr McGurk .
- ABC/AAP
President Richard Nixon ’s Special Message to the Congress Proposing a Comprehensive Health Insurance Plan
February 6 , 1974
From The American Presidency Project , University of California at Santa Barbara
To the Congress of the United States :
One of the most cherished goals of our democracy is to assure every American an equal opportunity to lead a full and productive life .
Related Content Obama ’s Health Care Dilemma Evokes Memories Of 1974
In the last quarter century , we have made remarkable progress toward that goal , opening the doors to millions of our fellow countrymen who were seeking equal opportunities in education , jobs and voting .
Now it is time that we move forward again in still another critical area : health care .
Without adequate health care , no one can make full use of his or her talents and opportunities .
It is thus just as important that economic , racial and social barriers not stand in the way of good health care as it is to eliminate those barriers to a good education and a good job .
Three years ago , I proposed a major health insurance program to the Congress , seeking to guarantee adequate financing of health care on a nationwide basis .
That proposal generated widespread discussion and useful debate .
But no legislation reached my desk .
Today the need is even more pressing because of the higher costs of medical care .
Efforts to control medical costs under the New Economic Policy have been Inept with encouraging success , sharply reducing the rate of inflation for health care .
Nevertheless , the overall cost of health care has still risen by more than 20 percent in the last two and one - half years , so that more and more Americans face staggering bills when they receive medical help today :
– Across the Nation , the average cost of a day of hospital care now exceeds $ 110 .
– The average cost of delivering a baby and providing postnatal care approaches $ 1,000 .
– The average cost of health care for terminal cancer now exceeds $ 20,000 .
For the average family , it is clear that without adequate insurance , even normal care can ‘ be a financial burden while a catastrophic illness can mean catastrophic debt .
Beyond the question of the prices of health care , our present system of health care insurance suffers from two major flaws :
First , even though more Americans carry health insurance than ever before , the 25 million Americans who remain uninsured often need it the most and are most unlikely to obtain it .
They include many who work in seasonal or transient occupations , high - risk cases , and those who are ineligible for Medicaid despite low incomes .
Second , those Americans who do carry health insurance often lack coverage which is balanced , comprehensive and fully protective :
– Forty percent of those who are insured are not covered for visits to physicians on an out - patient basis , a gap that creates powerful incentives toward high cost care in hospitals ;
– Few people have the option of selecting care through prepaid arrangements offered by Health Maintenance Organizations so the system at large does not benefit from the free choice and creative competition this would offer ;
– Very few private policies cover preventive services ;
– Most health plans do not contain built - in incentives to reduce waste and inefficiency .
The extra costs of wasteful practices are passed on , of course , to consumers ; and
– Fewer than half of our citizens under 65 – and almost none over 65 – have major medical coverage which pays for the cost of catastrophic illness .
These gaps in health protection can have tragic consequences .
They can cause people to delay seeking medical attention until it is too late .
Then a medical crisis ensues , followed by huge medical bills–or worse .
Delays in treatment can end in death or lifelong disability .
COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH INSURANCE PLAN ( CHIP )
Early last year , I directed the Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare to prepare a new and improved plan for comprehensive health insurance .
That plan , as I indicated in my State of the Union message , has been developed and I am presenting it to the Congress today .
I urge its enactment as soon as possible .
The plan is organized around seven principles :
First , it offers every American an opportunity to obtain a balanced , comprehensive range of health insurance benefits ;
Second , it will cost no American more than he can afford to pay ;
Third , it builds on the strength and diversity of our existing public and private systems of health financing and harmonizes them into an overall system ;
Fourth , it uses public funds only where needed and requires no new Federal taxes ;
Fifth , it would maintain freedom of choice by patients and ensure that doctors work for their patient , not for the Federal Government .
Sixth , it encourages more effective use of our health care resources ;
And finally , it is organized so that all parties would have a direct stake in making the system work –consumer , provider , insurer , State governments and the Federal Government .
BROAD AND BALANCED PROTECTION FOR ALL AMERICANS
Upon adoption of appropriate Federal and State legislation , the Comprehensive Health Insurance Plan would offer to every American the same broad and balanced health protection through one of three major programs :
– Employee Health Insurance , covering most Americans and offered at their place of employment , with the cost to be shared by the employer and employee on a basis which would prevent excessive burdens on either ;
– Assisted Health Insurance , covering low - income persons , and persons who would be ineligible for the other two programs , with Federal and State government paying those costs beyond the means of the individual who is insured ; and ,
– An improved Medicare Plan , covering those 65 and over and offered through a Medicare system that is modified to include additional , needed benefits .
One of these three plans would be available to every American , but for everyone , participation in the program would be voluntary .
The benefits offered by the three plans would be identical for all Americans , regardless of age or income .
Benefits would be provided for :
–hospital care ;
–physicians ’ care in and out of the hospital ;
–prescription and life - saving drugs ;
–laboratory tests and X - rays ;
–medical devices ;
–ambulance services ; and ,
–other ancillary health care .
There would be no exclusions of coverage based on the nature of the illness .
For example , a person with heart disease would qualify for benefits as would a person with kidney disease .
In addition , CHIP would cover treatment for mental illness , alcoholism and drug addiction , whether that treatment were provided in hospitals and physicians ’ offices or in community based settings .
Certain nursing home services and other convalescent services would also be covered .
For example , home health services would be covered so that long and costly stays in nursing homes could be averted where possible .
The health needs of children would come in for special attention , since many conditions , if detected in childhood , can be prevented from causing lifelong disability and learning handicaps .
Included in these services for children would be :
–preventive care up to age six ;
–eye examinations ;
–hearing examinations ; and ,
–regular dental care up to age 13 .
Under the Comprehensive Health Insurance Plan , a doctor ’s decisions could be based on the health care needs of his patients , not on health insurance coverage .
This difference is essential for quality care .
Every American participating in the program would be insured for catastrophic illnesses that can eat away savings and plunge individuals and families into hopeless debt for years .
No family would ever have annual out - of - pocket expenses for covered health services in excess of $ 1,500 , and low - income families would face substantially smaller expenses .
As part of this program , every American who participates in the program would receive a Health - card when the plan goes into effect in his State .
This card , similar to a credit card , would be honored by hospitals , nursing homes , emergency rooms , doctors , and clinics across the country .
This card could also be used to identify information on blood type and .sensitivity to particular drugs - information which might be important in an emergency .
Bills for the services paid for with the Health - card would be sent to the insurance carrier who would reimburse the provider of the care for covered services , then bill the patient for his share , if any .
The entire program would become effective in 1976 , assuming that the plan is promptly enacted by the Congress .
HOW EMPLOYEE HEALTH INSURANCE WOULD WORK
Every employer would be required to offer all full - time employees the Comprehensive Health Insurance Plan .
Additional benefits could then be added by mutual agreement .
The insurance plan would be jointly financed , with employers paying 65 percent of the premium for the first three years of the plan , and 75 percent thereafter .
Employees would pay the balance of the premiums .
Temporary Federal subsidies would be used to ease the initial burden on employers who face significant cost increases .
Individuals covered by the plan would pay the first $ 150 in annual medical expenses .
A separate $ 50 deductible provision would apply for out - patient drugs .
There would be a maximum of three medical deductibles per family .
After satisfying this deductible limit , an enrollee would then pay for 25 percent of additional bills .
However , $ 1,500 per year would be the absolute dollar limit on any family ’s medical expenses for covered services in any one year .
As an interim measure , the Medicaid program would be continued to meet certain needs , primarily long - term institutional care .
I do not consider our current approach to long - term care desirable because it can lead to overemphasis on institutional as opposed to home care .
The Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare has undertaken a thorough study of the appropriate institutional services which should be included in health insurance and other programs and will report his findings to me .
IMPROVING MEDICARE
The Medicare program now provides medical protection for over 23 million older Americans .
Medicare , however , does not cover outpatient drugs , nor does it limit total out - of - pocket costs .
It is still possible for an elderly person to be financially devastated by a lengthy illness even with Medicare coverage .
I therefore propose that Medicare ’s benefits be improved so that Medicare would provide the same benefits offered to other Americans under Employee Health Insurance and Assisted Health Insurance .
Any person 65 or over , eligible to receive Medicare payments , would ordinarily , under my modified Medicare plan , pay the first $ 100 for care received during a year , and the first $ 50 toward outpatient drugs .
He or she would also pay 20 percent of any bills above the deductible limit .
But in no case would any Medicare beneficiary have to pay more than $ 750 in out - of - pocket costs .
The premiums and cost sharing for those with low incomes would be reduced , with public funds making up the difference .
The current program of Medicare for the disabled would be replaced .
Those now in the Medicare for the disabled plan would be eligible for Assisted Health Insurance , which would provide better coverage for those with high medical costs and low incomes .
Premiums for most people under the new Medicare program would be roughly equal to that which is now payable under Part B of Medicare –the Supplementary Medical Insurance program .
HOW ASSISTED HEALTH INSURANCE WOULD WORK
The program of Assisted Health Insurance is designed to cover everyone not offered coverage under Employee Health Insurance or Medicare , including the unemployed , the disabled , the self - employed , and those with low incomes .
In addition , persons with higher incomes could also obtain Assisted Health Insurance if they cannot otherwise get coverage at reasonable rates .
Included in this latter group might be persons whose health status or type of work puts them in high - risk insurance categories .
Assisted Health
Insurance would thus fill many of the gaps in our present health insurance system and would ensure that for the first time in our Nation ’s history , all Americans would have financial access to health protection regardless of income or circumstances .
A principal feature of Assisted Health Insurance is that it relates premiums and out - of - pocket expenses to the income of the person or family enrolled .
Working families with incomes of up to $ 5,000 , for instance , would pay no premiums at all .
Deductibles , co-insurance , and maximum liability would all be pegged to income levels .
Assisted Health Insurance would replace State - run Medicaid for most services .
Unlike Medicaid , where benefits vary in each State , this plan would establish uniform benefit and eligibility standards for all low - income persons .
It would also eliminate artificial barriers to enrollment or access to health care .
COSTS OF COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH INSURANCE
When fully effective , the total new costs of CHIP to the Federal and State governments would be about $ 6.9 billion with an additional small amount for transitional assistance for small and low wage employers :
– The Federal Government would add about $ 5.9 billion over the cost of continuing existing programs to finance health care for low - income or high risk persons .
– State governments would add about $ 1.0 billion over existing Medicaid spending for the same purpose , though these added costs would be largely , if not wholly offset by reduced State and local budgets for direct provision of services .
– The Federal Government would provide assistance to small and low wage employers which would initially cost about $ 450 million but be phased out over five years .
For the average American family , what all of these figures reduce to is simply this :
– The national average family cost for health insurance premiums each year under Employee Health Insurance would be about $ 150 ; the employer would pay approximately $ 450 for each employee who participates in the plan .
– Additional family costs for medical care would vary according to need and use , but in no case would a family have to pay more than $ 1,500 in any one year for covered services .
– No additional taxes would be needed to pay for the cost of CHIP .
The Federal funds needed to pay for this plan could all be drawn from revenues that would be generated by the present tax structure .
I am opposed to any comprehensive health plan which requires new taxes .
MAKING THE HEALTH CARE SYSTEM WORK BETTER
Any program to finance health care for the Nation must take close account of two critical and related problems–cost and quality .
When Medicare and Medicaid went into effect , medical prices jumped almost twice as fast as living costs in general in the next five years .
These programs increased demand without increasing supply proportionately and higher costs resulted .
This escalation of medical prices must not recur when the Comprehensive Health Insurance Plan goes into effect .
One way to prevent an escalation is to increase the supply of physicians , which is now taking place at a rapid rate .
Since 1965 , the number of first - year enrollments in medical schools has increased 55 percent .
By 1980 , the Nation should have over 440,000 physicians , or roughly one - third more than today .
We are also taking steps to train persons in allied health occupations , who can extend the services of the physician .
With these and other efforts already underway , the Nation ’s health manpower supply will be able to meet the additional demands that will be placed on it .
Other measures have also been taken to contain medical prices .
Under the New Economic Policy , hospital cost increases have been cut almost in half from their post - Medicare highs , and the rate of increase in physician fees has slowed substantially .
It is extremely important that these successes be continued as we move toward our goal of comprehensive health insurance protection for all Americans .
I will , therefore , recommend to the Congress that the Cost of Living Council ’s authority to control medical care costs be extended .
To contain medical costs effectively over the long - haul , however , basic reforms in the financing and delivery of care are also needed .
We need a system with built - in incentives that operates more efficiently and reduces the losses from waste and duplication of effort .
Everyone pays for this inefficiency through their health premiums and medical bills .
The measure I am recommending today therefore contains a number of proposals designed to contain costs , improve the efficiency of the system and assure quality health care .
These proposals include :
1. HEALTH MAINTENANCE ORGANIZATIONS
( HMO’S )
On December 29 , 1973 , I signed into law legislation designed to stimulate , through Federal aid , the establishment of prepaid comprehensive care organizations .
HMO ’s have proved an effective means for delivering health care and the CHIP plan requires that they be offered as an option for the individual and the family as soon as they become available .
This would encourage more freedom of choice for both patients and providers , while fostering diversity in our medical care delivery system .
2. PROFESSIONAL STANDARDS REVIEW ORGANIZATIONS
( PSRO’S )
I also contemplate in my proposal a provision that would place health services provided under CHIP under the review of Professional Standards Review Organizations .
These PSRO ’s would be charged with maintaining high standards of care and reducing needless hospitalization .
Operated ‘ by groups of private physicians , professional review organizations can do much to ensure quality care while helping to bring about significant savings in health costs .
3. MORE BALANCED GROWTH IN HEALTH FACILITIES
Another provision of this legislation would call on the States to review building plans for hospitals , nursing homes and other health facilities .
Existing health insurance has overemphasized the placement of patients in hospitals and nursing homes .
Under this artificial stimulus , institutions have felt impelled to keep adding bed space .
This has produced a growth of almost 75 percent in the number of hospital beds in the last twenty years , so that now we have a surplus of beds in many places and a poor mix of facilities in others .
Under the legislation I am submitting , States can begin remedying this costly imbalance .
4. STATE ROLE
Another important provision of this legislation calls on the States to review the operation of health insurance carriers within their jurisdiction .
The States would approve specific plans , oversee rates , ensure adequate disclosure , require an annual audit and take other appropriate measures .
For health care providers , the States would assure fair reimbursement for physician services , drugs and institutional services , including a prospective reimbursement system for hospitals .
A number of States have shown that an effective job can be done in containing costs .
Under my proposal all States would have an incentive to do the same .
Only with effective cost control measures can States ensure that the citizens receive the increased health care they need and at rates they can afford .
Failure on the part of States to enact the necessary authorities would prevent them from receiving any Federal support of their State - administered health assistance plan .
MAINTAINING A PRIVATE ENTERPRISE APPROACH
My proposed plan differs sharply with several of the other health insurance plans which have been prominently discussed .
The primary difference is that my proposal would rely extensively on private insurers .
Any insurance company which could offer those benefits would be a potential supplier .
Because private employers would have to provide certain basic benefits to their employees , they would have an incentive to seek out the best insurance company proposals and insurance companies would have an incentive to offer their plans at the lowest possible prices .
If , on the other hand , the Government were to act as the insurer , there would be no competition and little incentive to hold down costs .
There is a huge reservoir of talent and skill in administering and designing health plans within the private sector .
That pool of talent should be put to work .
It is also important to understand that the CHIP plan preserves basic freedoms for both the patient and doctor .
The patient would continue to have a freedom of choice between doctors .
The doctors would continue to work for their patients , not the Federal Government .
By contrast , some of the national health plans that have been proposed in the Congress would place the entire health system under the heavy hand of the Federal Government , would add considerably to our tax burdens , and would threaten to destroy the entire system of medical care that has been so carefully built in America .
I firmly believe we should capitalize on the skills and facilities already in place , not replace them and start from scratch with a huge Federal bureaucracy to add to the ones we already have .
COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH INSURANCE PLAN–A PARTNERSHIP
EFFORT
No program will work unless people want it to work .
Everyone must have a stake in the process .
This Comprehensive Health Insurance Plan has been designed so that everyone involved would have both a stake in making it work and a role to play in the process consumer , provider , health insurance carrier , the States and the Federal Government .
It is a partnership program in every sense .
By sharing costs , consumers would have a direct economic stake in choosing and using their community ’s health resources wisely and prudently .
They would be assisted by requirements that physicians and other providers of care make available to patients full information on fees , hours of operation and other matters affecting the qualifications of providers .
But they would not have to go it alone either : doctors , hospitals and other providers of care would also have a direct stake in making the Comprehensive Health Insurance Plan work .
This program has been designed to relieve them of much of the red tape , confusion and delays in reimbursement that plague them under the bewildering assortment of public and private financing systems that now exist .
Health - cards would relieve them of troublesome bookkeeping .
Hospitals could be hospitals , not bill collecting agencies .
CONCLUSION
Comprehensive health insurance is an idea whose time has come in America .
There has long been a need to assure every American financial access to high quality health care .
As medical costs go up , that need grows more pressing .
Now , for the first time , we have not just the need but the will to get this job done .
There is widespread support in the Congress and in the Nation for some form of comprehensive health insurance .
Surely if we have the will , 1974 should also be the year that we find the way .
The plan that I am proposing today is , I believe , the very best way .
Improvements can be made in it , of course , and the Administration stands ready to work with the Congress , the medical profession , and others in making those changes .
But let us not be led to an extreme program that would place the entire health care system under the dominion of social planners in Washington .
Let us continue to have doctors who work for their patients , not for the Federal Government .
Let us build upon the strengths of the medical system we have now , not destroy it .
Indeed , let us act sensibly .
And let us act now –in 1974 – to assure all Americans financial access to high quality medical care .
RICHARD NIXON
The White House ,
February 6 , 1974 .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
Note :
On the same day , the White House released a fact sheet and the transcript of a news briefing on the message by Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare Caspar W. Weinberger .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
Citation : John T. Woolley and Gerhard Peters , The American Presidency Project [ online ] .
Santa Barbara , CA : University of California ( hosted ) , Gerhard Peters ( database ) .
Available from World Wide Web : http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=4337.
Home P.S. 157 Contact
© 1999-2009 – Gerhard Peters – The American Presidency Project
President Richard Nixon ’s Special Message to the Congress Proposing a Comprehensive Health Insurance Plan
The meetings had to be changed from being weekly to biweekly because they were running long .
- Alex
MARRIED couples are being encouraged to pray together before they have sexual intercourse by reciting a specially composed ' Prayer Before Making Love ' .
A new book brought out by the Church invites couples setting out on their married life to recite a specially composed ' Prayer Before Making Love ' .
The prayer is aimed at purifying the intentions of the couple so that the conjugal act is marked by total self - giving rather than selfishness or hedonism .
Read more here
Originally published as Couples to pray before they have sex
( Newser ) – GQ is keeping a tight lid on one of its own articles that questions the Russian government ’s involvement in the 1999 bombings that catapulted Vladimir Putin to power , NPR reports .
GQ owner Condé Nast operates in Russia , where dissent is often met with crippling “ audits . ”
So management decided the issue containing " Vladimir Putin ’s Dark Rise to Power , ” by Scott Anderson , would not see the light of day in that country .
In addition , no reference to the article appears on the cover of this month ’s issue , and no sign of it appears on the web .
Anderson contacted a former KGB agent who had investigated the bombings , allegedly by Chechen terrorists , and was promptly jailed for 4 years .
“ Now he 's out — he 's certainly kind of walking around with a bullseye on his back — and yet is still willing to tell the story , ” Anderson says .
“ It ’s kind of sad . ”
He ’s declined GQ requests to not publish after copyright reverts to him .
( Read more Conde Nast stories . )
An equipment bag drifts away from spacewalker Heide Stefanyshyn - Piper as she works on a solar array gear during a Nov.18 , 2008 spacewalk outside the International Space Station .
A tool baglost by a spacewalking astronaut last year met its fiery demise in Earth ?
satmosphere Monday after months circling ever closer to the planet .
The $ 100,000 tool bag plunged toward Earth and burned up as it re-entered theatmosphere , according to the U.S. Air Force ?s Joint Space Operations Centertracking it and more than 19,000 other pieces of space junk in orbit today fromVandenberg Air Force Base in California .
? Based onits size and composition , we expect the object to completelyburn up before hitting the Earth , ? center officials said in a statement .
The toolbag was lost during a Nov. 18 spacewalk at the International Space Station .
Inaddition to the Joint Operations Space Center , amateur skywatchersalso tracked the bag as it silently circled the Earth .
Center officialsdid not immediately have a specific time and location for the tool bag ?
sultimate demise , but a Sunday report by the Web site Universe Todaypredicted the wayward space satchel would hit the Earth ?s atmosphere at about9:16 a.m. EDT ( 1316 GMT ) over the Pacific Ocean , just west of Mexico .
Lost inspace
The toolbag weighed about 30 pounds ( 14 kg ) and was about the size of a small backpack .
It contained grease guns , trash bags and a scraper tool .
Former NASAastronaut Heidemarie Stefanyshyn - Piper lostthe bag during a November spacewalk to repair a balky solar array joint onthe International Space Station as part of NASA ?s STS - 126 shuttle mission .
Agrease gun leaked inside the bag , which apparently was n?t secured properly , andit drifted free while Stefanyshyn - Piper was trying to clean up the mess .
" Therewas that split second thinking that , maybe I can go jump for it and grab it .
Then I realized that it would just make everything worse and then we'd have twofloating objects , one of which would be me , " Stefanyshyn - Piper said in atelevised Nov. 19 interview from space the day after losing the bag .
" Sothe best thing to do was just to let it go . "
Stefanyshyn - Piper , an active captain in the U.S. Navy , retired from NASA ?s astronaut corps lastmonth to return to her Navy duties .
A lookat junk in space
Spacedebris , in general , has been a growing concern for NASA and otherspaceflight operators due to the unprecedented crash of a Russian and Americansatellite earlier this year .
The Feb. 10 smashup in space created two new largeclouds of debris that have been continuously tracked by the Department of Defense ?s Space Surveillance Network .
The networkis currently tracking more than 19,000 pieces of space junk larger than fourinches ( 10 cm ) across , but an estimated 300,000 total objects bigger than ahalf - inch ( 1 cm ) are thought to be in Earth orbit today , space debris officialshave said .
Stefanyshyn - Piper?sbag and other tools lost by astronauts in the past have typically posed littlerisk of coming back and hitting spacecraft in orbit .
The tool bag , for example , circled Earth for more than eight months before finally destroying itself inEarth ?s atmosphere .
If a pieceof space debris is expected to come close to satellites or manned spacecraftlike NASA ?s shuttles or the International Space Station , the vehicles can bemoved ahead of time given enough advanced notice .
The spacestation ?s most recent brush with a piece of space junk came on July 17 , justhours after the space shuttle Endeavour arrived with a crew of seven astronautsduring NASA ?s STS - 127 mission .
Astronauts fired Endeavour 's thrusters tonudge the space station and move it clear of a piece of orbital debris thatwould have come within its safety perimeter , NASA officials said .
Endeavour ? sseven-astronaut crew landed in Florida Friday to end a successful 16 - daymission that replaced a member of the station ? s crew , as well as delivered a newexperiment porch and spare parts for the orbiting laboratory .
NASA Gives ' Go ' for Space Shuttle Discovery Launch on Aug. 25
Press Release From : Kennedy Space Center
Posted : Wednesday , August 19 , 2009
CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla . -- NASA has completed a two - day review of space shuttle Discovery 's readiness for flight and selected Aug. 25 as the official launch date for the STS - 128 mission to the International Space Station .
Liftoff is scheduled for 1:36 a.m. EDT from NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
Discovery 's launch date was announced after a flight readiness review at Kennedy .
During the meeting , senior NASA and contractor managers assessed the risks associated with the mission and determined the shuttle 's equipment , support systems and procedures are ready for launch pending the resolution of one remaining issue .
An orbiter power controller that failed to operate properly was replaced , and an analysis was completed .
The issue is expected to be closed when final data from the analysis is presented at the mission management team meeting on Aug. 23 .
The readiness review included a thorough discussion about foam insulation that covers the shuttle 's external fuel tank .
The foam helps prevent ice from developing when super - cold propellants are loaded prior to launch .
During shuttle Endeavour 's liftoff on July 15 , foam separated from the intertank area and the liquid oxygen tank 's ice frost ramps .
The foam loss led to a detailed examination that determined Discovery is acceptable to fly .
" There was an excellent discussion on foam loss that included input from multiple teams including our NASA safety and engineering communities , " said Bill Gerstenmaier , associate administrator for Space Operations at NASA Headquarters in Washington , who chaired the day and a half meeting .
" After examining the foam releases on recent flights and completing a lot of testing and analysis to improve our understanding of the relative risks , we concluded that we 're ready to go fly .
The teams are continuing to learn about foam and have planned additional tests and analysis to continue to improve our understanding of foam loss mechanisms and risks . "
The 13 - day flight will deliver science and storage racks , a freezer to store research samples , a new sleeping compartment , an air purification system and a treadmill named after comedian Stephen Colbert .
The name Colbert received the most entries in NASA 's online poll to name the station 's Node 3 . NASA named the node Tranquility .
Astronaut Rick Sturckow will command Discovery .
He will be joined by Pilot Kevin Ford and Mission Specialists Pat Forrester , Jose Hernandez , Danny Olivas and European Space Agency astronaut Christer Fuglesang .
NASA astronaut Nicole Stott will fly to the complex aboard Discovery to begin a three - month mission as a station resident .
She replaces NASA 's Tim Kopra , who will return home on Discovery .
STS - 128 will be Discovery 's 37th mission and the 30th shuttle flight dedicated to station assembly and maintenance .
For more information about STS - 128 , visit : http://www.nasa.gov/shuttle
For more information on the space station , visit : http://www.nasa.gov/station �
// end //
More news releases and status reports or top stories .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
KDE 4.3.0 is out , and it is a great release .
It is unlikely that any one specific thing will strike the user as the most noticeable improvement ; rather , the overall user experience of KDE has improved greatly in KDE 4.3.0 .
The release 's codename , Caizen , is a Japanese philosophy that focuses on continuous improvement throughout all aspects of life .
That has been the goal of the KDE team for 4.3.0 : polish , polish , polish .
The statistics from the bug tracker speak for themselves : 10,000 bugs have been fixed .
In addition , close to 63,000 changes were checked in by a little under 700 contributors .
That is not to say that the KDE team did not add a large number of new features : 2000 feature requests were implemented in the past 6 months , meaning that any user 's pet feature might well be among the improvements KDE 4.3.0 brings .
The changes in KDE 4.3 are largely in three categories : the desktop workspace , the applications , and the development platform .
Plasma , KDE 's desktop interface and KWin , KDE 's window and compositing manager are now working more closely together .
Desktop effects and the Plasma shell now share their themes , and it is also possible to have separate sets of Plasma widgets and wallpapers on each virtual desktop .
The new Air theme makes a visual difference .
It is much lighter than the Oxygen theme , which is still available through the Desktop Settings dialog .
and KWin , KDE 's window and compositing manager are now working more closely together .
Desktop effects and the Plasma shell now share their themes , and it is also possible to have separate sets of Plasma widgets and wallpapers on each virtual desktop .
The new Air theme makes a visual difference .
It is much lighter than the Oxygen theme , which is still available through the Desktop Settings dialog .
On the applications front , KDE 3 users will like the new tree view in System Settings , which more closely resembles KDE 3's KControl .
Dolphin , KDE 's file manager , now show previews of images contained in a directory as an overlay for the directory icon .
Hovering over it enables a slideshow of the images in the directory the icon represents .
front , KDE 3 users will like the new tree view in System Settings , which more closely resembles KDE 3's KControl .
Dolphin , KDE 's file manager , now show previews of images contained in a directory as an overlay for the directory icon .
Hovering over it enables a slideshow of the images in the directory the icon represents .
KDE 's development platform has become more stable , more performant , leaner and at the same time more complete .
For Plasma applet developers , there is now a geolocation plugin that makes it possible to query the current location .
This is used in the OpenDesktop applet to show people near you .
The new KDE Policy Kit library provides a mechanism for applications to authorise certain actions based on profiles .
A KDE - style API makes it secure and easy to temporarily elevate privileges for an application .
Of course , those are just a few examples of the changes in KDE 4.3.0 .
All of the seemingly small changes add up to make a wonderful difference to our users .
The KDE 4.3.0 Desktop The KDE 4.3.0 Desktop
The KDE 4.3.0 release will be followed by the usual monthly bugfix and translation updates .
The next feature release , KDE 4.4.0 , will see the light of day in January 2010 .
For those among our readers who enjoy microblogging , we have set up an experimental " LifeStream " tracking the " ! kde " tag on Identi.ca and Twitter .
Check out buzz .
kde.org for the stream .
Jos Poortvliet , who also wrote the excellent release announcement , has created a screencast ( Ogg Theora , HTML 5 ) that gives an overview of the versatility and coolness of KDE 4.3.0 .
As always , be sure to check out the release announcement for more details .
Ah , the dreaded Alternative Minimum Tax , the ever - growing quicksand hole , that ends up slapping ordinary Americans with a fat tax bill .
It was originally aimed at the rich -- a way to block them from taking aggressive tax deductions -- but it was n't indexed to inflation , so as America gets richer over time , more and more people fall into it .
Anyway , Economix has a report from the Tax Policy Center looking at who falls into it the most .
Turns out , residents of New York , New Jersey and Connecticut get screwed by it the most , not particularly surprising , since the level of income required to be " middle class " is highest in those states .
Here 's a full map :
Papaya And Its Relation With Fruit Astrology
Fruit astrology is an interesting form of astrology .
It deals in letting an individual know more about his personality traits through his likes and dislikes in fruits .
With the help of fruit astrology , a person can know more about his inner and outer self and make appropriate changes in his personality .
Here we will talk about papaya and its relation with fruit astrology .
Before we move on to the character traits of papaya lovers , let us know some more about the fruit , papaya .
More On Papaya
Papaya is a native to the tropics of the Americas and was first cultivated in Mexico before the emergence of the other cultures .
Back then it was also known as the ' big melon ' or the ' pay paw ' .
Papaya tastes vaguely similar to pineapple and peach , though milder in tartness .
When the fruit is ripe it feels soft and its skin attains amber to orange hue .
It grows on a large tree which has a single stem that grows to 5 - 10 meters tall with spirally arranged leaves .
The leaves are arranged only at the top of the tree with the lower trunk bearing the fruit .
Papaya - Fruit Astrology
If you are a papaya lover then you must be a truly fearless person .
You take everything that happens in stride and also give considerable thought to everything you do .
Because of your good sense of humor and generous nature , you remain in the good books of people .
You are also an achiever where your professional life is concerned and have the knack of being at the right place at the right time .
You love traveling , seeing sights and meeting new people whenever you can .
You are popular among the opposite sex mainly because of your charming nature and good sense of humor .
After many false starts , battery - powered cars seem here to stay .
Are they just an interesting niche product , or will they turn motoring upside down ?
Tesla
A plug for an electric car
IN 1995 Joseph Bower and Clayton Christensen , two researchers at the Harvard Business School , invented a new term : “ disruptive technology ” .
This is an innovation that fulfils the requirements of some , but not most , consumers better than the incumbent does .
That gives it a toehold , which allows room for improvement and , eventually , dominance .
The risk for incumbent firms is that of the proverbial boiling frog .
They may not know when to switch from old to new until it is too late .
The example Dr Bower and Dr Christensen used was a nerdy one : computer hard - drives .
But unbeknown to them a more familiar one was in the making .
The first digital cameras were coming on sale .
These were more expensive than film cameras and had lower resolution .
But they brought two advantages .
A user could look at a picture immediately after he had taken it .
And he could download it onto his computer and send it to his friends .
Fourteen years on , you would struggle to buy a new camera that uses film .
Some of the leading camera - makers , such as Panasonic , are firms that had little interest in photography when Dr Bower and Dr Christensen published .
And an entire industry , the manufacturing and processing of film , is rapidly disappearing .
Substitute “ car ” for “ camera ” and you have a story that should concern thoughtful bosses in the motor and oil industries .
Internal - combustion engines have dominated mechanised road transport for a century , but the past year or so has seen the arrival of a dribble of vehicles driven by electric motors .
That these are the products of small , new firms , or of established non-carmaking companies , supports the Bower - Christensen thesis .
But next year the big boys , encouraged by legislative pressure to produce low - emission vehicles , will leap out of the boiling water and join in .
Their progress towards greenery will be an important theme of the Frankfurt motor show this month .
Bold claims are being made .
Carlos Ghosn , who leads the Renault - Nissan alliance , thinks 10 % of new cars bought in 2020 will be pure - battery vehicles .
A report by IDTechEx , a research consultancy based in Cambridge , England , reckons a third of the cars made in 2025 will be electrically powered in one way or another .
If that trend continues , liquid fuels might become as obsolete as photographic film .
The Li-ion roars
The technological breakthrough that led to digital cameras was the charge - coupled device , or CCD .
The equivalent for electric cars is the lithium - ion battery , or Li-ion .
Just as CCDs were used first in specialist applications , such as television cameras , so Li-ion batteries have been used in laptop computers and mobile phones .
By 2003 , however , their price had dropped to a level where Elon Musk , an entrepreneur who had helped launch PayPal , an online payments service , thought that they might be cheap enough to form the basis of an all - electric sports car .
The “ killer app ” of this car would be its acceleration .
Unlike internal - combustion engines , electric motors have full torque , as pulling - power is called , from zero revs .
They are thus predisposed to go like a bat out of hell without the aid of a gearbox .
Mr Musk 's brainchild is known as the Tesla Roadster ( pictured above ) .
The sports version goes from zero to 100 kph ( 62 mph ) in 3.7 seconds — not much slower than a top - line Ferrari .
The desire for acceleration at any price ( $ 121,000 , since you ask ) is a niche market , but niche markets are the classic way in for a disruptive technology .
Tesla's next vehicle , the Model S , is a more mainstream family car .
At about $ 50,000 it will still not be cheap , but it should be cheap enough to appeal to those who like to think of themselves as early adopters , but who also have spouses and children to worry about .
Another reason for the high price of Tesla 's cars is their range .
According to its maker , the Roadster can travel almost 400 km between charges .
The Model S should be able to do even better .
But cheaper electric cars have to make a trade - off between range , price and convenience .
Since batteries can be recharged only slowly ( the process takes hours , not minutes ) , a car 's effective range is limited by the size of its battery .
And batteries are expensive .
A lot of researchers are working on making them cheaper and faster to charge , of course .
In the meantime , though , there are three approaches to the trade - off , each of which has its champions .
One is to accept the range limit and design small , thrifty vehicles specialised for city use .
This has the virtue of simplicity and the vice of inflexibility .
The second is to add a petrol - driven generator known as a “ range extender ” .
This complicates the mechanics , but provides the driver with a security blanket , for he knows he will never be stranded if he can find a petrol station .
The third answer is to keep the car all - battery , but to introduce a network of battery - exchange stations similar to the existing network of petrol stations , so that someone who is running out of juice can pull in , swap over and pull out .
Celling the future
A leading contender in the first category is Mitsubishi's i-MiEV , which should go on sale next year .
Its initial price will be ¥ 4.6 m ( $ 49,000 ) , although that is expected to be cut in half once the car goes on sale outside Japan .
That halving ( and potential quartering ) of price compared with a Tesla Roadster is achievable because the i-MiEV 's battery has only 88 Li-ion cells , rather than the Tesla 's 1,800 .
It uses its limited resources well , however .
Its quoted range is 160 km .
Other electric city cars are expected from firms such as Fiat and Toyota .
And in November Daimler ( which also owns 6 % of Tesla ) plans to start producing a Li-ion - powered version of its Smart Fortwo .
In Germany , a full charge will cost about € 2 ( $ 2.80 ) and keep the vehicle going for around 115 km — although there is room in the car , as the name suggests , for only two people .
City cars are all very well as runabouts , but for electric vehicles to become widely adopted and displace fossil fuels they will have to crack the saloon - car market , too .
To do that with an all - battery car will be a tall order , as the price of the Model S suggests .
Most carmakers are taking a more conservative approach than Tesla's , and it is here that the second answer , a battery plus a generator , heaves into view .
Rex Features
A plug for an electric car
In an existing hybrid , such as the Toyota Prius and the Honda Insight , the wheels can be turned directly by both the petrol engine and the electric motor ( and all the energy is supplied originally as petrol ) .
Such vehicles are known as “ parallel ” hybrids as a result .
In the new battery - plus - generator designs , also known as “ series ” hybrids , the wheels are driven only by the electric motor .
The petrol engine is there to create more electricity , if it is needed , but the batteries are usually recharged from the mains .
The most talked - about of the battery - plus - generator models is General Motors ' Chevrolet Volt ( to be sold in Europe as the Ampera ) .
This car , which should be in the showrooms next year at a price of around $ 40,000 , has an all - battery range of 65 km , after which the range - extender will kick in .
GM reckons 65 km is enough to cover 80 % of daily usage in America , and similar figures pertain to other countries .
Mitsubishi says 90 % of drivers in Japan cover less than 40 km on weekdays and 80 % cover less than 60 km at weekends .
Robert Bosch , a German car - parts firm , reckons that in Germany the 90 % figure is less than 80km .
Most of the big carmakers have series hybrids under development .
In some cases the range - extenders could be offered as an extra on a battery - powered model , leaving it up to the customer to decide what sort of range he wants .
Daimler is taking this approach with its BlueZero cars .
These five - seater vehicles will be available in three versions .
A battery - only model will have a range of 200 km .
Another will offer 100 km of battery - powered range , but will also have a petrol generator to extend it .
A third will use a hydrogen - powered fuel cell to generate electricity .
The third answer , though , is perhaps the most radical .
Instead of a petrol engine , with its widespread infrastructure of filling stations providing the security blanket , why not build new infrastructure to refuel cars with new , fully charged batteries ?
The leading proponent of this idea is Better Place .
This firm , which is based in California , has been scouring the world for car markets that are , in its terminology , “ islands ” and offering to fit them with networks of car - charging and battery - swapping stations that will use robots to exchange exhausted batteries for fully charged ones in seconds .
Better Place defines an island as a place with an edge that motorists rarely cross , and the first to be picked by Shai Agassi , the firm 's founder , was Israel .
Though more of the country 's edge is land than sea , few cars leave by either route .
Israel is now being fitted out with the Better Place infrastructure .
Meanwhile , Nissan is tooling up to start building cars with batteries of the appropriate dimensions , for sale starting next year , and Tesla plans to offer swappable batteries on the Model S .
Other “ islands ” that Better Place has signed deals with include Denmark , Hawaii and Australia .
The firm also has a partnership with Tokyo's largest taxi operator , Nihon Kotsu , to provide swappable batteries for a new fleet of electric taxis which will take to the streets of the Japanese capital .
With some 60,000 taxis in Tokyo , this could turn into a huge market .
Besides providing drivers with secure refuelling , the Better Place approach has a second advantage .
Separating ownership of the battery from ownership of the car changes the economics of electric vehicles .
If you rent the battery rather than buying it , that becomes a running cost ( like petrol ) and the sticker price of the car drops accordingly .
This might not matter to a sophisticated economist , who would amortise the battery cost over the life of the vehicle .
Many people , though , are swayed by the number they write on the cheque that they give to the dealer .
Better Place , indeed , plans to go further .
It will charge for its services ( battery and electricity ) by the kilometre travelled .
The cost per kilometre will be lower than for petrol vehicles , and if you sign up for enough kilometres a month , it will throw in the car for nothing .
Watt 's up
That is possible in part because electric cars are efficient .
According to Bosch 's calculations , a conventional internal - combustion - engined car can travel 1.5- 2.5 km on a kilowatt - hour ( kWh ) of energy .
A hybrid with a combined electric and diesel engine would go up to 3.2 km .
But a battery - powered car can travel 6.5 km .
On top of that , the energy put into them is cheaper .
Owners with garages or driveways can top up at night using the domestic supply .
The long recharge time will thus not be an issue , and the electricity will be cheap , off - peak power .
Even if more expensive daytime power is needed ( some office and supermarket car parks are already being fitted with recharging points , in anticipation of mounting demand ) , the cost of such juice is still favourable compared with petrol .
Only for garageless owners does recharging become complicated .
They will need street - based electrical infrastructure , and a lack of this will limit the spread of electric vehicles to start with .
That said , the batteries are expected to get better quite fast .
No one is talking of Moore 's Law — a doubling of capacity every 18 months or so .
But an improvement of about 8 % a year into the foreseeable future is on the cards .
A doubling in a decade , in other words .
Bosch , for example , calculates that a car fitted with a 40 kW motor capable of speeds of up to 120 kph would need a Li-ion battery with a capacity of 35 kWh .
Today such a battery might cost around € 17,000 .
With the technology and economies of scale Bosch expects to be available in 2015 , that could drop to € 8,000 - 12,000 .
As Ford recently pointed out , if the industry were to move towards a common standard for battery packs , this would help boost production volumes and so bring prices down even more .
Bosch reckons that for electric cars to become universally popular , a threefold increase in energy density and a fall of two - thirds in the price of batteries will be needed .
To that end , it has set up a joint venture with Samsung of South Korea to develop and produce Li-ion batteries for automotive use .
Indeed , battery firms , both old and new , are coming up with innovations that add up to the 8 % annual gains .
These involve changes to the lithium chemistry of batteries , their mechanical properties and the electronics that control them .
Among the newcomers are two American firms , A123 Systems and Boston Power , both of which are based in Massachusetts .
A123 was founded in 2001 and is backed by General Electric .
It uses nanoscale materials to boost the performance of its batteries ( making an electrode out of nanoparticles increases its surface area , which in turn decreases the battery 's internal resistance and improves its ability to store and deliver energy ) .
Its batteries are already used in power tools , and the company has formed alliances to supply Chrysler and SAIC Motor Corporation of Shanghai with car - sized versions .
Its batteries were also being considered for the Volt , but GM eventually picked ones made by LG Chem , a South Korean firm .
Boston Power , founded in 2005 , makes fast - charging Li-ion cells for consumer products , including some Hewlett - Packard laptops .
The company , which has a factory in Taiwan and plans for one in Massachusetts , is developing a Li-ion battery called Swing for automotive use .
Some carmakers are forming partnerships with battery - makers to ensure supplies and gain access to technology .
Others are building their own battery factories .
And some are doing both : Nissan has formed a joint venture with NEC to produce advanced Li-ion batteries that use a laminated structure to improve cooling .
The firm is planning to put the batteries in a new five - seater family car called the Leaf that it intends to launch late next year in Japan and America as part of its alliance with Renault .
The group plans to build 200,000 a year , the most ambitious production target so far for a pure - battery car .
The Leaf will be powered by an 80 kW electric motor and will have a range of at least 160 km on a full charge .
It can be charged to 80 % capacity in 30 minutes with high - powered quick chargers which Nissan hopes will be installed in petrol stations and other public places .
At least one battery - maker , though , has loftier ambitions than merely supplying carmakers with its wherewithal .
BYD , a Chinese firm , seems to have Panasonic 's success in the world of cameras in mind .
Earlier this year it launched the first of what it promises will be a range of electric cars that will undercut those made by American and European producers , in part by using a novel material in the batteries ' electrodes .
It claims this will make those batteries both cheaper than conventional types , and faster charging .
BYD started with fleet sales in China and plans to begin private sales there later this month and launch its first vehicle in America next year .
The company is being watched closely , not least by Warren Buffett , a celebrated American investor who has taken a 10 % stake in it .
This will be an interesting experiment .
There is a lot more to an electric car than its battery , of course .
But established car firms that think their know - how in other parts of carmaking will save them may find themselves in the same position as those 19th - century carriage - makers who thought a “ horseless carriage ” would , literally , be that .
For , once the engine block and the gearbox are gone , the game of car design changes .
And batterification could bring about other changes , too .
Which frogs will live ?
A number of carmakers and component companies are , for example , looking at getting rid of drive trains , and fitting electric motors directly into cars ' wheels .
Such systems would be operated electronically , so they would also provide traction control .
Michelin , in particular , is developing what it calls the Active Wheel .
This gives the firm the ability to provide a complete power , braking and suspension package for electric cars .
One of the set -ups on which Michelin is working has two motors mounted within each wheel .
One turns the wheel .
The other works an active - suspension system that dampens the usual pitching and rolling of a car as it drives along .
Besides traction control , the driver ( or the vehicle 's computer ) would be able to select different suspension settings to suit motoring conditions .
One of the first cars to use Michelin 's four - wheel - drive ActiveWheel set - up is likely to be the Venturi Volage .
A Li-ion battery gives this a range of around 320 km and a top speed of 150 k ph .
It is designed to accelerate to 100 kph in under five seconds , according to Venturi , a specialist carmaker based in Monaco .
Like the Tesla Roadster , it is not expected to be cheap .
Alamy
With wheel - mounted motors that mix motive power , braking and active suspension , more of the things conventionally fitted to a car become unnecessary .
Because a gearbox , clutch , transmission and differential unit are no longer needed , and springs and other suspension items will probably go , too , vehicles could assume all sorts of shapes and sizes .
Without the cost and complexity of many of the parts hitherto required to make a car , the shape of the automotive industry could be transformed as much as cars are .
As for the oil companies , if the visionaries are correct , they risk finding themselves in the wrong business .
Some researchers already have battery materials they reckon could be recharged in the time it takes to freshen up and have a snack at a service station .
If they are right , the need for even a range - extender vanishes .
That is still a biggish “ if ” , of course .
The efficiency of internal - combustion engines is improving , too — and as the advert above shows , electric cars have come and gone in the past .
But propelling modern transport by means of serial explosions in an array of tin-cans does seem an incredibly primitive way of doing things .
The time is ripe for a change .
Victorian police are investigating the discovery of what is believed to be a human leg at Phillip Island in Victoria .
A passer - by found the limb at Newhaven Beach around midday .
The State Emergency Services , along with police and the airwing , are searching the area .
The homicide squad has been called in and police have set up a crime scene as a precaution .
My last post on RESTful transactions sure seemed to attract a lot of attention .
There are a number of REST discussion topics that tend to get a lot of hand - waving by the REST community , but no real concrete answers seem to be forthcoming .
I believe the most fundamental reasons for this include the fact that the existing answers are unpalatable – both to the web services world at large , and to REST purists .
Once in a while when they do mention a possible solution to a tricky REST - based issue , the web services world responds violently – mostly because REST purists give answers like “ just do n’t do that ” to questions like “ How do I handle session management in a RESTful manner ? ”
I recently read an excellent treatise on the subject of melding RESTful web services concepts with enterprise web service needs .
Benjamin Carlyle ’s Sound Advice blog entry , entitled The REST Statelessness Constraint hits the mark dead center .
Rather than try to persuade enterprise web service designers not to do non-RESTful things , Benjamin instead tries to convey the purposes behind REST constraints ( in this case , specifically statelessness ) , allowing web service designers to make rational tradeoffs in REST purity for the sake of enterprise goals , functionality , and performance .
Nice job Ben !
The fact is that the REST architectural style was designed with one primary goal in mind : to create web architectures that would scale well to the Internet .
The Internet is large , representing literally billions of clients .
To make a web service scale to a billion - client network , you have to make hard choices .
For instance , http is connectionless .
Connectionless protocols scale very well to large numbers of clients .
Can you imagine a web server that had to manage 500,000 simultaneous long - term connections ?
Server - side session data is a difficult concept to shoehorn into a RESTful architecture , and it ’s the subject of this post .
Lots of web services – I ’d venture to say 99 percent of them – manage authentication using SSL / TLS and the HTTP “ basic auth ” authentication scheme .
They use SSL / TLS to keep from exposing a user ’s name and password over the wire , essentially in clear text .
They use basic auth because it ’s trivial .
Even banking institutions use this mechanism because , for the most part , it ’s secure .
Those who try to go beyond SSL / TLS / basic auth often do so because they have special needs , such as identity federation of disparate services .
To use SSL / TLS effectively , however , these services try hard to use long - term TCP connections .
HTTP 1.0 had no built - in mechanism for allowing long - term connections , but NetScape hacked in an add - on mechanism in the form of the “ connection : keep - alive ” header , and most web browsers support it , even today .
HTTP 1.1 specifies that connections remain open by default .
If an HTTP 1.1 client sends the “ connection : close ” header in a request then the server will close the connection after sending the response , but otherwise , the connection remains open .
This is a nice enhancement , because it allows underlying transport - level security mechanisms like SSL / TLS to optimize transport - level session management .
Each new SSL / TLS connection has to be authenticated , and this process costs a few round - trips between client and server .
By allowing multiple requests to occur over the same authenticated sesssion , the cost of transport - level session management is amortized over several requests .
In fact , by using SSL / TLS mutual authentication as the primary authentication mechanism , no application state need be maintained by the server at all for authentication purposes .
For any given request , the server need only ask the connection layer who the client is .
If the service requires SSL / TLS mutual auth , and the client has made a request , then the server knows that the client is authenticated .
Authorization ( resource access control ) must still be handled by the service , but authorization data is not session data , it ’s service data .
However , SSL / TLS mutual auth has an inherent deployment problem : key management .
No matter how you slice it , authentication requires that the server know something about the client in order to authenticate that client .
For SSL / TLS mutual auth , that something is a public key certificate .
Somehow , each client must create a public key certificate and install it on the server .
Thus , mutual auth is often reserved for the enterprise , where key management is done by IT departments for the entire company .
Even then , IT departments cringe at the thought of key management issues .
User name and password schemes are simpler , because often web services will provide users a way of creating their account and setting their user name and password in the process .
Credential management done .
Key management can be handled in the same way , but it ’s not as simple .
Some web services allow users to upload their public key certificate , which is the SSL / TLS mutual - auth equivalent of setting a password .
But a user has to create a public / private key pair , and then generate a public key certificate from this key pair .
Java keytool makes this process as painless as possible , but it ’s still far from simple .
No – user name and password is by far the simpler solution .
As I mentioned above , the predominant solution today is a combination of CA - based transport - layer certificate validation for server authentication , and HTTP basic auth for client authentication .
The web service obtains a public / private key pair that ’s been generated by a well - known Certificate Authority ( CA ) .
This is done by generating a certificate signing request using either openssl or the Java keytool utility ( or by using less mainstream tools provided by the CA ) .
Because most popular web browsers today ship well - known CA certificates in their truststores , and because clients implicitly trust services that provide certificates signed by these well - known CA ’s , people tend to feel warm and fuzzy because no warning messages pop up on the screen when they connect to one of these services .
Should they fear ?
Given the service verification process used by CAs like Entrust and Verisign , they probably should , but that problem is very difficult to solve , so most people just live with this stop - gap solution .
On the server side , the web service needs to know the identity of the client in order to know what service resources that client should have access to .
If a client requests a protected resource , the server must be able to validate that client ’s right to the resource .
If the client has n’t authenticated yet , the server challenges the client for credentials using a response header and a “ 401 Unauthorized ” response code .
Using the basic auth scheme , the client base64 - encodes his user name and password and returns this string in a response header .
Now , base64 encoding is not encrytion , so the client is essentially passing his user name and password in what amounts to clear text .
This is why SSL / TLS is used .
By the time the server issues the challenge , the SSL / TLS encrypted channel is already established , so the user ’s credentials are protected from even non-casual snoopers .
When the proper credentials arrive in the next attempt to request the protected resource , the server decodes the user name and password , verifies them against its user database , and either returns the requested resource , or fails the request with “ 401 Unauthorized ” again , if the user does n’t have the requisite rights to the requested resource .
If this was the extent of the matter , there would be nothing unRESTful about this protocol .
Each subsequent request contains the user ’s name and password in the Authorization header , so the server has the option of using this information on each request to ensure that only authorized users can access protected resources .
No session state is managed by the server here .
Session or application state is managed by the client , using a well - known protocol for passing client credentials on each request – basic auth .
But things do n’t usually stop there .
Web services want to provide a good session experience for the user – perhaps a shopping cart containing selected items .
Servers typically implement shopping carts by keeping a session database , and associating collections of selected items with users in this database .
How long should such session data be kept around ?
What if the user tires of shopping before she checks out , goes for coffee , and gets hit by a car ?
Most web services deal with such scenarios by timing out shopping carts after a fixed period – anywhere from an hour to a month .
What if the session includes resource locks ?
For example , items in a shopping cart are sometimes made unavailable to others for selection – they ’re locked .
Companies like to offer good service to customers , but keeping items locked in your shopping cart for a month while you ’re recovering in the hospital just is n’t good business .
REST principles dictate that keeping any sort of session data is not viable for Internet - scalable web services .
One approach is to encode all session data in a cookie that ’s passed back and forth between client and server .
While this approach allows the server to be completely stateless with respect to the client , it has its flaws .
First , even though the data is application state data , it ’s still owned by the server , not the client .
Most clients do n’t even try to interpret this data .
They just hand it back to the server on each successive request .
But this data is application state data , so the client should manage it , not the server .
There ’s no good answers to these questions yet .
What it comes down to is that service design is a series of trade - offs .
If you really need your web service to scale to billions of users , then you ’d better find ways to make your architecture compliant with REST principles .
If you ’re only worried about servicing a few thousand users at a time , then perhaps you can relax the constraints a bit .
The point is that you should understand the constraints , and then make informed design decisions .
Accused fraudster Allen Stanford once claimed a net worth of more than $ 2 billion .
But with all of his assets frozen by a federal judge , he has no funds to pay his high - powered criminal defense lawyer , Dick DeGuerin of Houston .
Stanford replaced DeGuerin this afternoon , and in court papers filed this evening , DeGuerin writes that he and his team " are unwilling to go forward without the assurance of being paid for work in the future . "
The filing says the change of attorneys is being made at Stanford 's request .
The court filing sheds only a little light on the terse statement e-mailed by Stanford 's Washington public relations firm Friday afternoon saying that Robert Luskin , a partner at Patton Boggs , was replacing DeGuerin as Stanford 's criminal defense counsel .
DeGuerin apparently got the same e-mail , according to the court filing , which says Stanford had refused to authorize DeGuerin to seek assurances he would be paid .
DeGuerin had been representing Stanford since March , but was never paid because of the asset freeze .
DeGuerin has repeatedly asked the Court to release funds for Stanford 's defense , which the attorney has said could ultimately cost $ 20 million .
But prosecutors have argued -- succesfully so far -- that all of Stanford 's funds are tainted by fraud .
It is unclear how Luskin will be paid either .
Earlier this year , Stanford replaced his Houston civil attorneys as well , and one of his new civil attorneys is also a partner at Patton Boggs .
DeGuerin leaves a number of matters pending in Stanford 's case , beyond the 21 - count indictment against Stanford returned last month .
Just this week , DeGuerin filed a motion " for relief from oppressive jail conditions " at the federal detention facility where Stanford is being held .
And a federal appeals court is considering whether Stanford should be freed on bail pending his trial .
The judge in the case , David Hittner , revoked Stanford 's bail last month after ruling that Stanford is a flight risk .
Receiver to Appeal Clawback Ruling
The court - appointed Receiver in the Stanford Financial fraud case says he will appeal a judge 's ruling limiting his ability to pursue clawback claims against Stanford investors .
U.S. District Judge David Godbey ruled after a Friday evening hearing that Receiver Ralph Janvey cannot try collect to principal from hundreds Stanford investors , but can continue to go after interest payments in the alleged Ponzi scheme .
Janvey had argued all the funds were fraudulent proceeds from bogus certificates of deposit .
He wanted to seize all the money and distribute it equally among all 28,000 Stanford investors .
But Godbey ruled the law on clawbacks of principal was unclear .
He did , however , stay his ruling for ten days to allow Janvey to appeal to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals , and in a statement Saturday afternoon , Janvey says he will do just that .
In the meantime , the statement says , all clawback activity against the investors -- principal and interest -- will cease .
The decision does not affect Janvey 's claim against 66 former Stanford advisors , who he says received huge commissions for selling bogus CD's .
It comes as a shock to most people I meet , but I do n’t own a car .
Three years ago I was thousands of dollars in debt and something had to give .
I decided that it would be my car .
When I made the decision my friends and family thought that I was crazy .
Truth be told , I even thought I was crazy .
Nobody that lives in the suburbs lives without a car .
If you think about it , there is n’t anything more un -American than not owning a car .
Yet that was exactly what I planned to do .
When I made the decision to be car free , I was n’t even sure if it would be possible to live without one , but there was n’t really any other choice .
It was either that or continue to drown in debt .
Three years later , I ca n’t imagine life with a car .
It was by far the best financial move that I could have made and it has resulted in be being debt free with a fully funded emergency fund today .
The decision to sell my car was not an easy one .
I am a single mother with a four - year - old child .
She was one when I made the decision .
As mentioned , not having a car in the suburbs is a concept that most people can’t even imagine .
The nearest grocery store and shopping center is about 5 miles from my house , so going there by bike is not what most people would consider convenient .
Today , even though I would have no problem affording a car , I choose to transport myself by bike .
Just because I do n’t have a car does n’t mean that there are n’t times when I need one .
On days that it rains , I have a number of kind friends that will allow me to carpool with them into work .
If I need to buy a large amount of groceries that my bike can’t handle , I will either have a friend drive or call a taxi to get this accomplished .
There are times when I have to take a taxi or occasionally even rent a car , but I still come out far ahead financially doing this than if I owned my own car .
There is no doubt that not having a car poses some problems , but overall they are small to what I gain in return .
I realize that not everyone can go car free , but I believe that a lot more people can than think it is possible .
Here are some of the reasons that I ditched my car and continue to not want one :
I have no car payment
One of the reasons I originally needed to get rid of my car was that the $ 300 a month car payment was something I could n’t afford .
Instead of paying for the car I could use that $ 300 to put toward more important things .
Originally , that was to pay down the debt I had , but now that I ’m debt free , that payment will help my little girl go to college and build a retirement fund for myself .
I do n’t have to pay for car insurance
An added benefit beyond not having a car payment is not having to pay for car insurance twice a year .
For me ,
That adds up to nearly $ 1000 that goes toward savings instead of out the door .
There is n’t any pain to my pocket book when gas prices increase
While everybody else is worried about the price of gas and the rising costs of operating their cars , I do n’t think about it at all .
Since I do n’t have to purchase gas , it has very little effect on my lifestyle and I do n’t need to figure out how to squeeze higher gas prices into my monthly budget like I used to .
I do n’t have any car repair bills
Before I made my car free move , I was living paycheck to paycheck .
When I was doing this , a breakdown was not a mere inconvenience , it was a financial disaster .
I would all of a sudden have a several hundred dollar car bill that needed to be paid right away in order to get me back on the road , but not the money to pay for it .
I no longer worry about unexpected car repair bills .
My bike needs to get a tuneup from time to time and may get a flat tire on a rare occasion , but any repairs or upkeep is far less expensive than anything a car would cost .
I ’m healthier
I did n’t think I was lazy when I had a car , but I now realize how wrong I was then .
Being car free gets me off my lazy butt and outdoors much more often than if I had one .
Riding a bike for transportation has made he much healthier than I would be if I owned a car .
I got rid of my gym membership
It only took a month after I bought my bike and sold my car for me to realize I no longer needed my gym membership .
Biking allows me to get plenty of exercise — far more than I ever got from workouts at the gym — on my own and there ’s no need to pay $ 30 a month .
I have a much healthier bank account
The final result is that I have much healthier savings than I would ever have if I still owned a car .
In fact , I ’m sure that I would still be in debt living paycheck to paycheck .
It took what seemed like a radical move to get me out of my debt cycle , but from my current perspective it was n’t a radical move at all .
It was a common sense financial move that allowed me to establish the financial foundation I needed .
Do you have a story about saving money or earning money that you ’d like to share ?
We ’d love to hear about it .
Photo : Fernando de Sousa
Sarah Wilmer
And stupid .
But really , I must lick this french fry .
I 'm not asking to eat it , mind you , that would n't be good .
I just want to lick it .
Taste its salt .
I cower in the kitchen , hiding from my wife and boys , who are out there , on the other side of the door , enjoying a sumptuous dinner , like eaters do — devouring what 's delicious , picking at what is not , saving room for dessert — while I starve .
Yes , I 'm starving .
There 's been nothing for two months now .
No food , no drink , nothing in my mouth except the air I keep sucking .
It would be plain to say the hunger is driving me mad , because it is .
I crave food more than sex .
The smell and touch of food can drop me to my knees .
Food left me suddenly , in the chaos of emergency surgery , and , empty of food , I think about it constantly , an obsession that magnifies the ordinary into the surreal .
A simple french fry is a wonder , an uneaten crust of bread salvation ; something as unattainable as a fried egg , life itself .
This trance is not healthy , or normal , but then those two words have also left me suddenly .
Nothing I can do will fill my empty gut and conquer the hunger , and , equally , there is nothing to be done by anyone else .
There is no way to share the pain or accept relief , which has a way of driving away people and their best intentions , discouraged by the frustration of their uselessness .
At mealtime , tonight for instance , I unpack bladders of laboratory - made nutrients that substitute for food and fill syringes , priming the pump that shoots the food bag full of fortifiers into my vein to keep me alive .
But nothing in that bladder relieves the hunger .
Meanwhile , for the eaters in my house , my wife cooks a plate of minihamburgers and french fries .
The apartment 's windows are shut against a chilling rain , and the place is overpowered by the smells of the local diners I dearly miss .
She and our two boys eat at the dining table at one end of the living room .
The table is set with candles and a blue glass bowl of precious winter fruit .
My customary end chair is unoccupied ; I sit on a worn leather love seat at the opposite end of the room , keeping company with the food pump .
For the first meals after I was home from the hospital , I tried joining them at the table , a happy - meal family , but my starving presence disturbed the kids , and I 've been marooned on the love seat or exiled to the bedroom ever since .
The silver - dollar - sized burgers and petite seeded buns excite the boys , and they yammer with mouths full of food , their speech garbled by chewed meat and bread soaked in warm juices .
One after another the patties fall , cutting down the pyramid of sliders , and I can only watch and listen as the plate gets swept clean .
Our six - year - old kneels and turns on his chair .
He has taken a momentary break from the carnage , his mouth a juicy mess , and he trains me with a severe look .
" When will you eat ? " he demands in a voice complicated by vulnerability , the worry that afflicts all children whose parents get sick .
" Soon , " I lie .
" Tell me about the burgers . "
It 's a lame attempt to take his mind off the skeleton before him .
" Do they remind you of White Castle ? " I ask .
This is met with silence , and I realize the boys have never been to White Castle .
There is nothing for them to be reminded of .
Nothing for them to miss .
They look at me blankly and then go right back to savoring the food like lions on a carcass .
The plate 's empty .
" Mom , these are so good .
Can I have more ? " our ten - year - old breaks in .
He 's generally a picky eater , but not tonight .
On her way to the kitchen to replenish , my wife regards me with a silent , sorry look .
After everything they 've had to put up with , their lives frightened and made insecure by my health , I should be pleased by the sight of their shared simple pleasure .
But I am too far withdrawn into the abyss of my gut , plagued by the dismal reality of moment - to - moment desperation .
When she comes back , I slip into the kitchen and leave the carnivores to their assault .
Pressing out of view , tight against the warm stove , I touch a fallen nest of fries scattered on a baking sheet with all ten fingertips .
They are crisped and stinging hot to the touch .
I pick up a handful , bring it to my nose .
Food has not passed my lips for sixty days , and the oiled , salty fries make me dizzy .
I bring one to my mouth .
I lick it .
The texture is bewitching — coated and crunchy as I had fantasized — but the salty taste that should open in the mouth is frustratingly absent .
I lick again .
Nothing .
I bite off a piece and nestle it into my tongue , sucking for salt .
Absolutely nothing .
My tongue is as shiny smooth as a porpoise .
My taste buds are gone .
I spit the mangled potato into the trash .
Just then , my oldest walks in , catching me midspit .
" Dad , you 're not supposed to eat , " he scolds .
The food police , they come in all sizes .
" I did n't eat ! " I say , aware of my brittle and defensive tone .
" Really , sweetheart , " I say , softening , trying to sound more dadlike , more like the man I was before the hunger came to stay .
The boys were at school and my wife was teaching , unreachable in her windowless bunker , which blocks cell - phone reception .
Me ?
I was writhing on the rug in the living room , very surprised to find myself suddenly dying .
Bright sun smoked through the room 's dirty windows and smacked me blind .
I 'd let go of the thermometer , which registered 106 degrees , dropped it to the floor , where it lay next to the phone I 'd used for three ambulance calls and to wail to my gastroenterologist , " It feels like a blockage but worse !
Like something has ruptured ! "
I 'd known this because I am sick with Crohn 's disease , a chronic illness of the small intestine that generally is merely debilitating , but now was just going to murder me .
The room was rattling , pounding , the cockpit alarms all wailing .
I was going down .
Voices entered through the fever dream , got closer , over me , shouting .
Somehow , I was then in a hospital , in a room filled with different light , stark and white .
Light boxes lined the walls of this room , and below them a ring of computer stations that suggested a command center , like a movie set of a spaceship .
CT scans of my ruptured gut filled one wall .
A surgeon stood with her back to me studying X - rays , tiny in the spacey void of the chamber .
She said her name was Gandhi , which in my haze seemed ridiculous , and gestured dramatically at the milky loops of my insides .
" A stool blockage formed in your small intestine and tore a perforation in the intestinal wall .
Since the moment the perforation opened the small bowel , bacteria has been pooling in your abdomen , causing peritonitis .
It 's an unusual scenario , and if we delay , there 's a high risk of sepsis developing from the bacteria flooding your abdomen .
You do n't want that .
It could be fatal .
We have to operate immediately . "
A stool blockage ?
Undone by my own shit .
A fitting epitaph .
Sarah Wilmer
NPO is an abbreviation for the Latin phrase nil per os , which translates roughly as " nothing by mouth . "
For hospital patients , an NPO order is a condemnation .
It translates to wasting away on an intravenous drip while your roommate bitches about the vulcanized chicken on his tray .
I have been NPO since the operation .
No one is NPO for sixty days — at least no one ought to be .
It was n't supposed to work out this way .
Two days after the emergency surgery , I calculated as imminent the arrival of the awakening gurgles of motility that delight both colorectal surgeons and their starving patients .
Passing gas would license the doctor to unthread me from the catheters and tubes that probed from end to end and introduce the first swallows of an initially liquid diet .
From there it would be a short GI walk to the holy grail of peristalsis : smooth - muscle contractions that propel food distally through the esophagus and intestines .
Man , that 's poetry !
But it never happened .
Infections , abscesses , and , most serious , a fistula formed around the surgical area , preventing digestion .
The only method of healing was to put the stomach to sleep until it organically closed its holes , like a patched garden hose .
After two difficult hospital stays , I am home , again , enduring the deprivation of NPO .
Down thirty - five pounds from my presurgery weight , I have become the Man Who Could n't Eat , which was kind of funny before it seemed quite so goddamn literal .
And permanent .
I look at my cadaverous figure in the bathroom mirror , the open surgical wound a monstrous red hole cratering my stomach , and am stunned to see Sid Vicious in his last days at the Chelsea Hotel .
I look deeper .
A funny thing about total food deprivation is that everything , and I mean everything , conjures food .
Even when you do n't see it coming .
" Jesus Christ , why is Thompson Lake carved into me ? " I ask the mirror .
The brutality of the surgery left a gruesome gash , eight inches long and two inches across .
Oblong , asymmetrical , narrowed at the ends with a small pond orphaned in the north by a causeway of skin , a pool bulging in the middle , the scalpel 's outline copied the topographical form of our lake in Maine , as charted on the map hanging on my sons ' bedroom wall .
That ten - mile body of water was glacier - formed twenty - five thousand years ago and , like the fistula in my gut , has yet to close .
Thompson
Lake is our escape , the valve that releases the pressure of daily life upon arrival .
It 's also the place where the outdoor grill awaits , and as I prop against the sink framed in the bathroom mirror , I am suddenly there .
Boxed in our city kitchen for most of the year , I yearn for sparkling summer and my station at the grill .
Because greatness comes from that grill .
Shrimp , scallops , clams , fresh lobster , peppers , sugar and gold corn , burgers chocked with onions , Katz 's franks by the pound driven up from New York .
Me in my Katz 's apron , tied around like the cutters behind the tall glass counters .
Katz 's Deli !
When I was a kid , my father and I would make a special trip down to the Lower East Side to provision for the lake , and as an excuse to split a hot pastrami lean on club , a sandwich big enough to feed our entire family for generations , the mountain of briny , smoky brisket , dripping with spices .
Standing under Katz 's hanging salami chandeliers , we 'd count the linked dogs as the counterman layered them in sheets of brown paper and spooned pints of spicy mustard into old yogurt containers .
The smell of the place was like nothing I 'd ever known , a century of smoked meat permeating the air , a lusty Jewish kitchen smell that filled our station wagon as we made our way up to Waspy Maine to feast all the summer long .
Now , whatever the meal , opening the grill 's heavy lid and releasing the magic of smoke and the smell of dinner makes us all giggle like idiots .
Glass of wine in one hand , burnished spatula in the other , my trunks dripping from a quick swim while one side of the fish grills — that 's Thompson Lake .
It is the retreat we have been escaping to since my grandfather hitchhiked there as an unemployed Depression kid in the summer of 1930 .
However , stamped as it now is on my gut in permanent ink , the image has a different connotation altogether , and my reverie is suddenly broken .
Gray in the mirror , I am a starving man .
My stomach paralyzed by inertia and medicine , the hunger rages not there but in the middle of my head .
" Let 's face it , " I say into the mirror , " you 'll never see Thompson Lake again . "
I tie my robe around myself to cover the wound , and shut off the light .
TPN sustains me , allegedly .
Total Parenteral Nutrition is the laboratory name of the mixed bag of nutritional fluids that filter into me .
The therapeutic solution is pumped by a battery - operated machine through an umbilical cord of plastic tubing — a PICC line — that has been inserted into a vein in my left triceps and runs into my chest , where it doles out the soup .
I run the TPN pump fourteen hours a day , plus there 's another four hours of medicinal octreotide and saline solution dripping from bags hung on an IV pole .
Our peaceful bedroom has been stocked like an infirmary .
The same minirefrigerator that sat in a corner of my college dorm room , stuffed with Michelob and hash brownies , is now stuffed with bladders and vials of thiamine , folic acid , famotidine , and insulin — the ingredients that fortify TPN .
TPN is complex .
And expensive .
The 3,000 - milliliter bag of solution , a slippery five - pound load constituted of a base formula of dextrose , Travasol , Intralipid , selenium , chromium chlore , and a dozen other chemical essentials , runs $ 800 .
In no way can TPN be confused with actual eating .
Pulling on rubber gloves and laying out potions and needles on beds of sterile wipes across my living - room table , I feel more like Owsley Stanley producing kitchen - clean LSD for the Merry Pranksters than the passable cook I used to be .
All the moving parts and the TPN feed bag reside in a backpack , slung over my shoulder like a nylon hump .
The programmable pump is about the size of a jumbo foundry brick and weighs as much as two .
The pump 's motor , scarcely muffled by the backpack 's casing , grinds in continuous cycles of whirs and clicks , parsing the thin white stream of medical milk juicing me from 4:00 P.M. to 6:00 A.M .
My freighted movement from bed to toilet to living - room couch is accompanied by a continuous - loop soundtrack , and the ceaseless engine racket is a loud party to conversation , television watching , sleeping .
Often , I am humiliated into leaving the room .
As I get pumped on the overnight shift , the groaning backpack rests on a night table next to my pillow , tying me down in a single position in bed .
When I roll over in my sleep , I am awakened by gear crashing to the wood floor .
But I do n't often sleep long enough to roll over , as hourly my bladder fills to bursting and I wake , dragging the pump to the bathroom .
The endocrinologist who cooked up the TPN routine says that 's just the way my body is reacting .
Everybody 's different , and there 's " nothing to be done . "
I have n't slept more than an hour straight since the surgery .
Food never did this to me .
This evening , I put off the sweating - and - pissing marathon and watch TV alone in the living room .
On Charlie Rose , Ferran Adriá , the celebrated Spanish chef of El Bulli , is a guest , animated by his philosophy : " Eating is the most intense experience in the world .
There is no other creative moment that uses all five senses , " he says .
" Breathing and eating are the only things that we do from the moment of birth and for the rest of our lives . "
He explains that human beings have a complex relationship with food — their previous experience , the context of eating , of memories , of traditions , associations both regional and personal .
In this room illuminated by the bright image of the talking chef , his declarations penetrate the gloom with profound insight .
NPO has eliminated more than simply the mechanics of eating .
The day - to - day cooking , shopping , and nuclear - family integration that defines my caretaker role has been put in suspended animation , along with the dinner - date prospects that permit my wife and me to remember why we married each other .
Food has been a partner in the substance of life , making and filling the experience .
This medieval " therapy " has neutered my identity .
My clothes hang like slack sails in a dead calm .
I live in a pair of black elastic - waisted running pants to camouflage my shrunken physique .
I feel the Spanish chef pass through the screen and deliver his words directly to me .
Yes , " breathing and eating , " I hear you .
As a side effect of the physical illness , I am plagued by this cognitive myopia , a condition that further isolates the patient and aggravates unfortunately proximate loved ones .
Aside from exhausting people 's patience , this warped perspective makes it difficult to distinguish what 's meaningful from what 's merely self - indulgent .
Deranged by hunger , without the filters of reason and moderation , I have received messages from many unlikely sources .
Listening to an old Bob Dylan song I have heard a hundred times , the line " I 've got a hole where my stomach disappeared " jumps from the speakers like divine prophecy .
Testify , Bobby .
I come upon a rerun of the creaky episode of The Odd Couple in which Felix and Oscar starve at a fat farm .
The shameless peppering of borscht - belt jokes strikes me as deep wisdom .
I 've got to get out of the house .
I drift back to Ferran Adriá , whose kitchen eloquence continues elevating the properties of food .
I suppose this is n't surprising coming from a chef .
You might not expect the same food - centric worldview from , say , an actuary , but I believe the resonance of the great man 's message goes beyond my egomania .
In fact , the chef 's philosophical picnic falls short of assessing the complicated impact that food is having in my household .
My polarity between despair and hope is roused by the nightly parade of food coming to our door .
A group of dear school parents , neighbors , and old friends organized themselves immediately after my surgery and channeled their collective desire to help into a wonderful service : home - cooked meals - on - wheels .
Creating an online meal calendar , they have been volunteering daily to cook and deliver dinner and dessert to our home , skewering the myth that city folk are hard and uncaring .
Roast chicken and French beans .
Penne in red sauce and turkey sausage .
Lamb stew .
For my wife , this kindness has been a godsend , saving the family from a spiral into takeout and junk .
In the hospital , I was lifted by the dedication and compassion of this treasured community of people .
But , while it remains salvation for the house 's eaters , for the starving among us the generosity of spirit baked in the bounty is ruined by my ravenous cravings .
Earlier , I languished at dinner , cuffed by the incessant TPN pump on the love seat , while across the room my family chewed on the gift of another well - made meal .
A knock comes at the door , an upstairs neighbor , a woman whose exquisite brisket has actually compelled me to a Passover table .
She enters the apartment carrying a chocolate Bundt cake that has been soaked in rum , spraying the air with an intoxicating allure .
A few whiffs raise me to the kitchen , and I plow my nose down to the cake to inhale , anteater - style .
Woozy on the fumes , I breathe deeper .
Smell alone wo n't cut it , so I touch the wet cake with clumsy fingers , running them through dark chunks that crumble impossibly .
It 's like chocolate rain falling in a desert .
Just as my wife walks into the kitchen , I plunge my hands into the delicious cake .
I should be embarrassed , or at least try to hide what I 'm doing , but I am too far gone .
A sensible person , she is stunned by the mess I 've made , bothered by the violation of the family 's dessert .
" What are you doing ? " she asks urgently and hushed , so as not to alert the kids in the next room , her face a disagreement of pity and scorn .
I look at her , shake my head , shrug , and laugh weakly , the chocolate caking my hands like blood .
Selfishness is not an answer .
Increasingly , it seems , we are closing in on the limits of our patience , with each other , with me , with my sickness , with my attitude .
Chronic illness , always lurking , has become the handmaiden to my checklist of life 's larger failures and what now seems like inevitable doom .
But failure , desperation , defeat do not come naturally to my wife .
My descent into the experience of food deprivation , my plummet into the Bundt cake , clashes with her innate optimism .
The misery of my relentless hunger has contaminated her previously unshakable belief in our quest for happiness .
Why did I destroy your dessert ?
Is n't it obvious ?
Passing out in the living room after Adriá 's rhapsody , I am revisited by a nightmare .
There is an apocalypse that I alone survive , left unattended , damned to a torturous , suffering death .
X - shaped towers like crossed hands congest the skyline of my subconscious , bladed at their sheared edges , quaking and colliding into each other in a deafening cacophony .
As I walk empty streets , there is no sign of life , no people , no food to be had .
Fires erupt .
Lost among the unfamiliar ruins , I stand at the center of a decimated intersection , its crumbled pavement collapsing beneath me .
There is nowhere for me to go .
As far as can be seen , the landscape is a charred mountain range of rubble , like in the pictures of firebombed Dresden .
An eternity of starvation seems a certain fate .
Then , there is movement .
From behind the corner of an adjacent building shell , a figure appears , tiny at first sight but gaining size as it approaches .
I am stuck in the crushed pavement , unable to free myself as the figure nears , then closes in on me , striking me with violent blows , bloodying my broken body .
I awake screaming like a siren .
The TV is still blaring , and I shut it off , reducing the room 's light to the squares of ambient nighttime glow smearing the windows .
I long for a cold drink to shake off the nightmare .
Instinctively , I stagger to the kitchen and open the refrigerator .
The door is heavy , loaded with bottles and jars .
I see the shelves for the first time in months .
They are double - and triple - stacked with intact meals and leftovers , filled so deep that the refrigerator 's interior light is shaded .
A golden - hued cheesecake almost tumbles off its perch , and I feel something like the sting of a phantom limb .
I grab the pitcher of water and bring it to the counter to pour .
But then I remember .
It goes back in , and I return to the couch , shaken , drenched in the murk of TPN , filling with expensive piss .
After the dream 's first visitation , in the hospital , I was visited by a staff psychiatrist .
" Are you a threat to yourself ? " he asked , getting quickly to the mandatory question .
I did n't know how to answer .
Even if I 'd wanted to kill myself , I did n't have the strength , freedom of movement , or tools to do it .
However , for the first time , I saw the imminent possibility of death , and the prospect of a family without me amid growing belief that they would be better off .
My wife is young , beautiful , charming , and accomplished .
My kids have everything ahead of them .
The mood followed me home .
Shackled by the tyranny of NPO , of never eating , of never being liberated from chronic illness , I have surrendered to a reflexive litany of complaints and anger , directed mostly at my wife in belligerent attempts to validate my pessimism :
You can eat ; I can't .
You feel healthy ; I do n't .
You are alive ; I 'm not .
A lesson here : Solipsism is destructive .
It has infected our marriage with an explosiveness that neither of us knows how to cure .
On the kids ' spring break , my wife escaped with them to her parents ' house .
A nasty fight sparked the night before their flight , punctuated by the kind of language that explains divorce .
Apparently , I have n't been the only one contemplating the future of the family unit without me , and the scenario of our marriage failing has become conceivable , the endgame of degenerative distress .
We have both been tried by these months of hunger , devoured by an emptiness no one expected .
We need food .
One Wednesday at 7:00 A.M. , my gastroenterologist folds into an uncomfortable chair at the foot of the bed for our daily talk .
Another bacterial infection formed in my intestine at the surgical wound and has landed me in the hospital .
Immediately , the catheter was pulled and the TPN halted .
Sustained by nothing but a saline drip for the past eight days , my body has whittled to a reed while the doctors determine what to do .
" I believe that surgery is becoming the only option , but it 's still too soon .
The disease has returned and is more advanced .
The infection shows that .
Your hemoglobin and protein levels have dropped again , but you can't go back to TPN with active infection .
However , we 've got to get you nutrition , even if it 's just to get healthy enough for surgery . "
" That 's not the best prognosis I 've ever heard , " I say .
On cue , my roommate gripes across the divided room about his lousy breakfast , his hopes instantly undone by the first taste of charred coffee .
" Oh , shit .
This is worse than yesterday .
Jon , you do n't know how lucky you are . "
" I know , " the doctor answers me .
Grimacing , he deliberates and glances down at my chart .
" I 'm going to start you on food . "
" How ? "
" Liquids first , then softs , then solids .
We 'll see how you do . "
" Meaning what ? "
" Diarrhea , nausea , pain , fever .
If there 's a problem , I 'll have to convince Dr. R — — we can't wait any longer for surgery .
Hopefully , you 'll improve . "
" ' Hopefully , you 'll improve . '
Doctor , that does n't exactly inspire me with confidence . "
" We 've got nothing left . "
Ninety days in , I am eating again , though it is not the stuff of my fantasies .
I still have no taste buds , the bristle of cells atrophied from neglect , and food passes in the absence of flavor .
As an experiment , I 've heaped dishes with vivid curry and saffron , but even they have failed to raise the dead .
My stomach is also still entirely paralyzed .
The induced coma of TPN and octreotide has left an absurd legacy :
Now that I 'm eating , there is no sensation of hunger or feelings of digestion or satiation .
The entire eating process is anesthetized from tongue to gut .
I can eat , but I can't experience it , as though I live , but my gut does not .
Toward the end of a wet spring , I submit to a follow - up exam .
I drink the cups of barium , and the doctor takes dozens of pictures .
At two o'clock he orders me to go get something to eat , then return for a final round .
" Living with chronic illness means living with uncertainty .
That 's the challenge .
You have a choice : Either withdraw into yourself or move forward , " he says .
It 's a difficult prognosis to accept .
Accepting uncertainty requires ditching the denial that has seen me through for decades .
It may also require adapting to chronic hunger , because the pictures will come back with mixed news :
The fistula has healed , but the disease is active and intense .
But for the moment , food , real food , awaits .
There is a diner that over the years has become my chosen site for end - of - procedure bacchanalia .
This is a friendly place , animated by the crash of conversation , plates , and smells , and I take the last open stool at the curve of the counter , in line of sight of glass cases glistening with apricot Danish and glazed doughnuts .
The counterman , softly accented with reading glasses hanging from the V of an open - collared shirt , takes the order I make without consulting the thick menu .
What do you want ?
We 'll make it .
In three minutes the oval plate is out from the kitchen , handed across the open top half of a Dutch split door .
In his diary , Richard Burton , a man of considerable appetites , wrote of the pleasures of American short - order cooking that he discovered at the Excelsior diner , saying he preferred the instantaneous wonders of the griddle to anything cordon bleu .
Sadly , the Excelsior , a charming dump I frequented for years , closed not long ago , a casualty of Manhattan 's real estate madness .
I 've done my part to keep alive the remaining joints but have n't been much in the fight recently .
God willing , I am back .
I chomp into the wheat toast sandwiching layers of fried egg and bacon curls , chewing to exorcise the barium chalk coating my mouth .
There is a trace of flavor in the bite .
My reflection in the butter knife shows a patchy return of baby buds on my tongue .
What I lack in taste , though , is mitigated by the sensation of the sandwich 's texture .
The combination of crusty toast and crunchy bacon congealed by the precisely cooked egg commingles in my mouth like a revelation .
I am deliriously happy .
I can taste it , or some if it ; I 'm not sure .
And I do n't care .
Whether I will ever again feel food settling in my stomach is unknown .
But if I can't much taste ever again , I will go forward feeling the food in my mouth .
And over time texture will become taste .
I slow to savor the sandwich , sipping orange juice like a baby , smiling at passersby , and disturbing the poor guy sitting next to me , absorbed in his Kindle , to announce that this sandwich is the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
" Oh , yeah , " he says , smiling indulgently .
" You should try the meat loaf . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The abrupt meltdown of PC gaming 's most infamous vapourware , Duke Nukem Forever , is n't going to pass without some legal fallout .
DNF 's intended publisher , Take - Two Interactive , is accusing the defunct dev house 3D Realms of contract breach for failing to deliver the long - long - awaited game .
3D Realms was supposedly designing DNF since 1997 ( way back before there was even such a thing as Google or the International Space Station ) , but terminated the project and shuttered its studio on May 6 .
Take - Two is now pointing its lawyers towards Apogee Software , which created the 3D Realms label in 1994 .
According to Bloomberg , Take - Two claims in a lawsuit filed May 13 that Apogee " continually delayed the completion date for the Duke Nukem Forever " and " repeatedly assured Take - Two and the video - gaming community that it was diligently working toward competing [ sic ] development of the PC Version of the Duke Nukem Forever . "
The lawsuit alleges Take - Two acquired a $ 12 m publishing rights agreement in 2000 to punt the game .
The pact was extended again in 2007 for an unspecified amount .
ShackNews has reportedly got its hands on court documents for the case , which demand 3D Realms not alter or leak the game 's assets while the lawsuit plays out . ®
CHICAGO — Schizophrenia waits silently until a seemingly normal child becomes a teenager or young adult .
Then it swoops down and derails a young life .
Scientists have not understood what causes the severe mental disorder , which affects up to 1 percent of the population and results in hallucinations , memory loss and social withdrawal .
But new research from the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine has revealed how schizophrenia works in the brain and provided a fresh opportunity for treatment .
In a new , genetically engineered mouse model , scientists have discovered the disease symptoms are triggered by a low level of a brain protein necessary for neurons to talk to one another .
A Traffic Jam in Brain
In human and mouse brains , kalirin is the brain protein needed to build the dense network of highways , called dendritic spines , which allow information to flow from one neuron to another .
Northwestern scientists have found that without adequate kalirin , the frontal cortex of the brain of a person with schizophrenia only has a few narrow roads .
The information from neurons gets jammed up like rush hour traffic on an interstate highway squeezed to a single lane .
“ Without enough pathways , the information takes much longer to travel between neurons and much of it will never arrive , ” said Peter Penzes , assistant professor of physiology at the Feinberg School .
He is senior author of a paper reporting the findings published in a recent issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science .
Michael Cahill , a Feinberg doctoral student in neuroscience , is the lead author .
First Mouse Model to Develop Disease as a Teenager
Penzes discovered the kalirin effect after he created the mouse model , which was the first to have a low level of kalirin and the first to develop symptoms of schizophrenia as an adolescent ( two months old in mouse time ) .
This mimics the delayed onset of the disease in humans .
In normal development , the brain ramps up the production of kalirin as it begins to mature in adolescence .
New Direction for Treatment
“ This discovery opens a new direction for treating the devastating cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia , ” Penzes said .
“ There is currently no treatment for that .
It suggests that if you can stimulate and amplify the activity of the protein kalirin that remains in the brain , perhaps we can help the symptoms . ”
Currently the only drug treatment for schizophrenia is an antipsychotic .
“ The drugs address the hallucinations and calm down the patient , but they do n’t improve their working memory ( the ability of the brain to temporarily store and manage information required for complex mental tasks such as learning and reasoning ) or their ability to think or their social behavior , ” Penzes said .
“ So you end up with patients who still ca n’t integrate into society .
Many attempt suicide . ”
Similarities Between Human and Mouse Brains
A few years ago in postmortem examinations of schizophrenic human brains , other scientists had found fewer connections between the brain cells in the frontal cortex and lower levels of kalirin .
But the scientists could n’t show whether one condition led to the other .
With the new mouse model , Penzes was able to demonstrate that the low level of kalirin resulted in fewer dendritic spines in the frontal cortex of the brain , the part of the brain responsible for problem solving , planning and reasoning .
Other areas of the brain had a normal number of the dendritic spines .
Human brains and mouse brains share many similarities in the way they function , Penzes said .
The new schizophrenic mouse model also exhibits more schizophrenic symptoms than other models , making these mice especially good for drug testing and development , Penzes said .
The mice with low amounts of kalirin had a poor working memory , were antisocial and hyperactive .
Penzes said future studies would aim at enhancing the function of kalirin in the brain in an effort to correct the cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia .
Research 2000 for Daily Kos. 8/17 -19 .
Likely voters .
MoE 4 % ( No trend lines )
Do you approve or disapprove of Senator Max Baucus ' actions on health care ?
Approve Disapprove Not sure All 42 44 14
Dem 34 55 11
Rep 49 38 13
Ind 41 42 17
Do you favor or oppose creating a new public health insurance plan that anyone can purchase ?
Favor Oppose Not sure All 47 43 10
Dem 78 15 7
Rep 23 66 11
Ind 48 41 11
You want " bipartisan " ?
A quarter of Republicans want a public option .
If Max Baucus opposed a public health insurance option would that make you more or less likely to vote for him or would it have no real effect on your vote ?
More Less No Effect All 17 22 61
Dem 12 36 52
Rep 23 8 69
Ind 15 27 58 If Max Baucus joined Republican Senators in filibustering and killing a final health care bill because it had a public health insurance option would that make you more or less likely to vote for him or would it have no real effect on your vote ?
More Less No Effect All 15 27 58
Dem 8 44 48
Rep 25 7 68
Ind 10 36 54
While Baucus continues conspiring with Republicans to delay and kill effective health care reform , his antics are n't doing him any favors back home .
And despite the onslaught of pure bullshit slung by opponents of effective reform ( death panels !
government takeover !
Canada ! ) , a plurality of all Montana residents ( and independents as well ) still support a public option .
So who is Baucus working for ?
The Republicans in ( and outside ) his state ?
The health care insurance companies that have purchased his Senate seat ?
Incidentally , here 's Gov. Brian Schweitzer , just a week ago :
As Gov. Brian Schweitzer warmed up the crowd Friday for President Barack Obama , he paid a lengthy compliment to a health - care system that leading Democrats , including the president , have declared " off the table " as a reform here : the Canadian single - payer system .
" Did you know that , just 300 miles north of here , did you know they offered universal health care 62 years ago ? " he said , referring to Canada 's system of providing government - funded health insurance for all citizens .
Schweitzer , a Democrat , said he sometimes mentions the Canadian system when he hears people say that universal health coverage is a radical , new idea being rushed through the political process .
Quoting a Canadian journalist , Schweitzer said " there 's more likelihood of a person in Canada being struck by lightning , then there is a likelihood of a Canadian going to the United States for their health care . "
Most of the crowd of 1,300 in the Gallatin Field Airport hangar roared in approval .
Schweitzer 's favorability rating ?
58 favorable , 38 unfavorable , including 62 - 34 among independents .
Turns out that in Montana , being a mealy - moused champion of the insurance companies is n't exactly the path to great popularity .
SOLO EXHIBITIONS
Transcendental Divide / Transitory Space , Zevitas Marcus , Los Angeles CA 2016
Private Frontiers : Michael Light and Chris Ballantyne Hosfelt Gallery SF CA 2012
Chris Ballantyne , Steven Zevitas Gallery , Boston MA 2011
Some Songs From the Shore , Hosfelt Gallery , San Francisco , CA 2010
Recent Work , Steven Zevitas Gallery , Boston , MA 2009
Everything Means Something and Nothing is What it Seems to Be , Hosfelt Gallery , New York , NY 2008
When the World was Flat , Hosfelt Gallery , San Francisco , CA 2008
All You Need is a Clear View of the Southern Sky , Park Life , San Francisco , CA 2007
Existing Outside of Another , Peres Projects , Los Angeles , CA 2007
The Drift , California State University Chico , CA 2007
The Curious Lights , Peres Projects , Berlin , Germany 2005
Bloom Projects : Out of Place , Santa Barbara Contemporary Arts Forum , CA 2005
Tournesol Award : Chris Ballantyne , Walter and McBean Galleries , San Francisco Art Institute , CA 2005
Body of Water , Cheeckwood Museum of Art , Nashville , TN 2005
Dream of New Jersey , DCKT Contemporary , New York , NY 2003
Sunny Expectancy , Peres - Projects , Los Angeles , CA 2003
What is Between Us , Peres - Projects , San Francisco , CA 2002
GROUP EXHIBITIONS
Space // Squared , White Walls , San Francisco , CA 2014
Space // Form , Breeze Block Gallery , Portland , OR 2012
10 Revolutions Around the Sun , Headlands Center for the Arts , Sausalito , CA 2012
Deconstructing Nature , Hunterdon Museum , Clinton , NJ 2011
Habitat , Foothills Art Center , Golden , CO 2011
Connectivity Lost , Zilkha Gallery , Wesleyan University , Middletown CT 2010
Faraway Nearby , Nerman Museum of Contemporary Art , Overland , KS 2010
The American Scene , Delaware Center for Contemporary Art , Wilmington DE 2009
Passageworks , SFMoMA , San Francisco CA , 2008/09
Worlds Away , Walker Art Center , Minneapolis , MN 2008
First Anniversary Group Show , Park Life , San Francisco CA 2007
Glass Love , Santa Barbara Contemporary Arts Forum , Santa Barbara CA 2007
This is my Country , Inaugural Group Show , Seminal Projects 2007
Summer Block Party II , Daniel Weinberg Gallery , Los Angeles CA 2007
California Biennial , Orange County Museum of Art , Newport Beach CA 2006
I Love the ‘ Burbs , Katonah Museum of Art , New York 2006
Wallworks , Art Gallery of Ontario , Toronto , Canada 2006
Bay Area Now 4 , Yerba Buena Center for the Arts , San Francisco , CA 2005
New Prints , International Print Center , NY , NY 2005
Welcome to the Jungle , DCKT Contemporary , NY , NY 2005
Scene – Un – Seen : Chris Ballantyne and Salomon Huerta , Paulson Press , Berkeley , CA 2005
Young Americans , Galerie Hof & Huyser , Amsterdam 2004
Mental Space , Wendy Cooper Gallery , Madison , WI 2004
Close Calls , The Marin Headlands Center for the Arts , Sausalito , CA 2004
Fresh Paint , Phoenix Art Museum , Phoenix , Arizona , November – February 2004
The Rules Everyone Will Follow From This Day Forth , peres - projects , Los Angeles , CA 2003
Telling Stories , Elizabeth Leach Gallery , Portland , OR 2003
Fuzzy Logic , Southern Exposure , San Francisco , CA 2001
The Book as Object , Eleanor Bliss Center for the Arts , Steamboat Springs , CO 1999
SELECTED PUBLICATIONS
Baker , Kenneth Review : Some Songs from the Shore , Artnews , March 2010
Helfand , Glen Chris Ballantyne at Hosfelt Gallery , Artforum , April 2008
Wallworks : Contemporary Artists and Place , Art Gallery of Ontario 2007
Mc Govern , Thomas , Chris Ballantyne at Peres - Projects , Artweek , September , 2003
Helfand , Glen , Critic ’s Pick , ArtForum.com , July – August , 2003
Bowie , Chas , Telling Stories , Portland Mercury , July 24 , 2003
Limburg , Dirk , Volledig kunstaanbod in overzichtelijk dorpje , NRC Handelsbald , February 23 , 2003
Westbrook , Lindsey , Critic ’s Choice : Art , “ What is Between Us ” , The San Francisco Bay Guardian , January 15 , 2003
Bing , Allison , Chris Ballantyne : “ What Is Between Us ” : Suburbia Goes Sublime , SFGate.com , January 2003
New American Paintings , The MFA Annual Edition 2002
SELECTED COLLECTIONS
Art Rotterdam Foundation , Rotterdam , The Netherlands
The Judith Rothschild Foundation , New York , NY
Permanent Collection , The Whitney Museum of American Art , New York , NY
The Sprint Collection , Overland , KS
AWARDS
Grant from the Joan Mitchell Foundation , 2005
Tournesol Award and Residency , Headlands Center for the Arts , Sausalito , CA 2004 – 2005
Honorable Mention , MFA Graduation Show 2002
Work Grant , University of South Florida , 1997
EDUCATION
MFA , Painting and Drawing , San Francisco Art Institute , CA , 2002
BA , Painting , University of South Florida , Tampa , FL , 1997
Earlier today , DataQuick reported that home sales increased in the California Bay Area .
The report mentioned " a perception among potential buyers that prices have bottomed out . "
First , a little history :
When the housing bubble was inflating , the demand for housing surged with the widespread use of non-traditional mortgage products .
Looking at a supply - demand diagram , this surge in demand pushed the curve to the right .
At the same time speculators were buying up properties , reducing the supply with the intention of selling later at a higher price .
This activity shifted the supply curve to the left ( this activity was classic storage ) .
So with the surge in demand , combined with speculators removing supply from the market , prices skyrocketed .
This is exactly what I described in April 2005 : Housing : Speculation is the Key
Of course , once the bubble burst , the supply curve shifted back to the right with speculators unloading properties and all the distressed sales .
At the same time , demand declined sharply as speculators disappeared and lenders tightened standards .
If housing was a perfect market , prices would have fallen rapidly to the market clearing price .
However housing prices are sticky downward - as I described in 2005 post : " [ R]eal estate prices display strong persistence and are sticky downward .
Sellers tend to want a price close to recent sales in their neighborhood , and buyers , sensing prices are declining , will wait for even lower prices .
This means real estate markets do not clear immediately , and what we usually observe is a drop in transaction volumes . "
This does n't mean prices are stuck - just sticky .
Prices have been falling in most areas for three years , and will probably fall further .
And this brings us back to the DataQuick article .
Just because demand is picking up a little , does n't mean prices have bottomed .
Note : Ignore the median price in the article - that is rising because of the change in mix .
Assume the following diagram shows the current housing market supply and demand .
With the current supply and demand curves , and a perfect market , prices would be at P 0 and quantity Q 0 .
However prices were actually at P 1 .
Note that demand does n't fall to zero just because the price is above the market clearing price .
Now prices have fallen from P 1 to P 2 .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This has increased the demand from Q 1 to Q 2 .
I 've drawn the diagram to show P 2 is still above P 0 ( typo fixed ) .
Naturally the current buyers think " prices have bottomed out " , but they have n't for the market shown .
There are clues in the DataQuick report that prices are still too high .
The volume of sales is still below normal , foreclosure resales are 37.3 percent of the resale market ( a very high percentage ) - and foreclosure activity " remains near record levels " .
And the foreclosure resale statistic do n't include short sales , and the recent data from Sacramento suggest short sale activity is fairly strong .
There are other reasons to believe prices will fall further , but I just want to point out that the small pickup in demand does n't suggest a price bottom .
LOS ANGELES – A federal judge on Thursday overturned guilty verdicts against Lori Drew , issuing a directed acquittal on three misdemeanor charges .
Drew , 50 , was accused of participating in a cyberbullying scheme against 13 - year - old Megan Meier who later committed suicide .
The case against Drew hinged on the government ’s novel argument that violating MySpace ’s terms of service was the legal equivalent of computer hacking .
But U.S. District Judge George
Wu found the premise troubling .
" It basically leaves it up to a website owner to determine what is a crime , " said Wu on Thursday , echoing what critics of the case have been saying for months .
" And therefore it criminalizes what would be a breach of contract . "
Tina Meier , the mother of Megan Meier , walked out of the courtroom while Wu was still delivering his ruling .
She later told reporters that she was " extremely upset with the decision " and that she left because she " was done listening to " the judge .
She indicated that the family is still considering whether to bring a civil case against Drew .
Ron Meier , Megan Meier 's father , whose marriage fell apart after his daughter 's death , wore a large lapel button bearing his daughter 's smiling face as he spoke to reporters with tears in his eyes .
He said despite Drew 's acquittal , " a jury of her peers did convict her , so that itself is a victory . "
Drew 's attorney , H. Dean Steward , praised Wu's decision and said that " those of us that are concerned about being prosecuted " for violating a terms of service agreement " should feel a bit better now . "
Drew had been charged with four potential felony counts of unauthorized computer access under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act .
The jury convicted her last year of three misdemeanor charges instead and deadlocked on the fourth charge .
Wu told Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark Krause that if Drew had been convicted of the felonies , he would have let the convictions stand , and would have already sentenced her .
But the misdemeanor convictions troubled him , because of the vague wording of the statute .
The judge sparred with Krause for nearly 45 minutes over the government 's interpretation of the computer crime law , before granting the long - pending defense motion to overturn the jury verdict in the case .
The ruling is not official until
Wu releases a written decision , which could come as early as next week .
Prosecutors then have the option of appealing .
They 've already filed to have the deadlocked fourth conspiracy charge dismissed without prejudice , but indicated they could continue to pursue that charge as well .
U.S. Attorney Thomas P. O'Brien said afterward that he had no regrets .
" I 'm proud of this case .... and this team [ of prosecutors ] , " he said , even though using the CFAA to prosecute Drew " was a risk . "
He added that his office " will always take risks on behalf of children . "
The case had its roots in a tragedy that began unfolding in September 2006 when , prosecutors said , Drew conspired to create a fake MySpace account for " Josh Evans " with her then 13 - year - old daughter , Sarah , and a then - 18 - year - old employee and family friend named Ashley Grills .
Prosecutors alleged that Drew and the two others used the profile to lure Megan Meier into an online relationship with “ Josh ” to find out what Megan was saying about Drew ’s daughter online .
But in October , one of the group , writing as Josh , turned against Megan , and told her that the world would be a better place without her .
Shortly afterward , Megan hanged herself in her bedroom .
Neighbors in O’Fallon , Missouri , the small town where the Drews and Meiers lived four houses away from each other , turned on Drew when her supposed complicity in the hoax emerged .
Missouri prosecutors sought to charge Drew with a crime , but were stymied by the fact that there was no federal statute against cyber bullying .
O'Brien said on Thursday that Megan 's death " cried out for someone to do something . "
And that 's when he and other prosecutors in California devised the novel idea to charge her under the anti-hacking statute , filing the case in Los Angeles because this is where MySpace 's servers are based .
MySpace ’s user agreement requires registrants , among other things , to provide factual information about themselves , and to refrain from soliciting personal information from minors and using information obtained from MySpace services to harass or harm other people .
By allegedly violating that click - to - agree contract , Drew committed the same crime as any hacker , prosecutors claimed .
But testimony in the case offered by prosecution witness Ashley Grills under a grant of immunity showed that nobody involved in the hoax actually read the terms of service .
Grills also said that the hoax was her idea , not Drew’s , and that it was Grills who created the Josh Evans profile , and later sent the cruel message that tipped the emotionally vulnerable 13 - year - old girl into her final , tragic act .
Wu 's problem with the case , he said , lay in the lesser burden required for a misdemeanor conviction .
To convict Drew of the felonies , prosecutors would have needed to prove two things : that Drew accessed MySpace " without authorization , " and did it for the purpose of committing a tortious act – in this case , to intentionally cause harm to Megan Meier .
But for the misdemeanors , the jury just had to find that Drew obtained the unauthorized access .
Wu said that language , standing on its own , was too vague to pass constitutional muster in this case .
" I do n't see how the misdemeanor aspect would be constitutional , " he said .
" That is the issue I 'm wrestling with at this time . "
Wu also doubted that MySpace provided sufficient notice to members to hold them responsible .
If a user did n't read the terms of service , the judge asked prosecutor Krause , could they still be charged with violating them ?
Krause struggled to respond to Wu's questions , emphasizing that not every terms - of - service violation would be prosecuted as a crime .
In Drew 's case , he said , there was sufficient evidence to suggest that she knew what she was doing was wrong .
But
Wu disputed this , pointing out that the government 's star witness – Ashley Grills – had testified that she never read the terms of service before clicking on a button agreeing to them .
Wu and Krause circled around each other for several more minutes before
Wu finally announced that he was granting the defense 's motion to acquit .
Drew had faced a maximum sentence of three years and a $ 300,000 fine .
Although prosecutors sought the maximum , probation authorities , in a pre-sentencing report sent to the court , had recommended probation and a $ 5,000 fine .
Drew 's father , Jerry Shreeves , told Threat Level after the hearing , " I think this is what needed to happen . "
Drew 's attorney , Steward , said that the federal prosecutors in Los Angeles should be ashamed for having brought the case to trial .
" Missouri prosecutors got it right " by not filing charges , he said .
" How is it that Tom O'Brien 's people are that much smarter ? "
Steward would n't say how much the case had cost his client , only noting that her parents had taken care of his fee , which was " significantly lower " than what he normally charged .
He said that Drew and her family have since moved out of Missouri , due to the harassment they received , noting that she 's been " an internet punching bag for almost three years " having been " tried , convicted and lynched by bloggers " and others who did n't know all the facts of the case .
He said Drew has already been in touch with a lawyer to discuss a possible civil case that she might still face , but felt fairly certain that her criminal troubles were done .
" Hopefully , [ prosecutors ] will just let this case end now , " he said .
( Last updated : 6:30 p.m. Eastern )
Photo : AP
See also :
when dudes in camo put you in an unmarked crown vic , it can't be good ...
Thierry Henry has credited his manager , Pep Guardiola , for his decision to remain with Barcelona in a season in which the Catalan side has won an historic treble .
The former Arsenal striker endured a difficult beginning to his Camp Nou career , but last night collected a Champions League medal to go with the league and cup titles already won by Barcelona this year .
His comments came on the day that former coach , Arsène Wenger , admitted Henry 's presence may have helped his team to prevail in the 2007 - 08 Premier League title race .
Arsenal finished third in their first season since allowing Henry to leave for Spain in a £ 16 m deal .
" I did n't arrive at Barcelona just to win the Champions League but to win everything , " said Henry .
" The coach [ Pep Guardiola ] wanted me to stay .
He was the man that convinced me to stay . "
" This is incredible .
I had wanted to win the Champions League for a long time .
It 's something that I was missing .
It 's a special feeling because to win a treble in modern football is not easy and yet we have done it .
" No Spanish team has achieved what we have , to win a treble , and I think everyone will remember this Barça side .
I 'm delighted because I always wanted to make history at this club and we 've done just that .
Now we will celebrate . "
Henry played against Barcelona in the Champions League final three years ago with Arsenal but was on the losing side .
He was a doubt for this week 's showdown with United but recovered from a ligament injury to his right knee that had kept him out since early May .
" For me it 's wonderful to have been able to make it to the final and play , " he said .
" It 's not easy to come back after several weeks out of action but just like Andrés Iniesta , [ I was ] determined to play . "
The Spanish champions went into the final without four regular defenders , with Rafael Márquez and Gabriel Milito out injured and Éric Abidal and Daniel Alves both suspended .
But the strength of Guardiola 's side is such that numerous other players were able to contribute .
" I think this game is a mirror of a season , " said Henry .
" It does n't matter which player plays , it is the team as a whole that has done the job .
Our strength was doing what we have done all season , which is to keep possession , play touch football and recover balls .
We executed our plan of attack , as usual .
" I do n't know if we won the tactical battle , but Manchester United also played attacking football .
The whole team played well .
We had several players injured and suspended but those who came out to play did a great job .
I knew before the game that I had never lost in Rome .
Rome for me is a great city . "
Whilst Henry celebrated his side 's Stadio Olimpico triumph , Wenger was left to reflect on how the Frenchman 's abilities could have contributed to last season 's title race .
The Gunners finished four points behind Manchester United , after fading badly in the last months of the campaign .
" Maybe he could have made a difference last year , " said Wenger .
" We had 83 points and with him we could have gained two or three more that could have won us the championship .
But at that time I felt that a guy who has played eight or nine years for you , and has shown that kind of desire , it 's difficult to stand in his way .
" If he had done two or three years I would have said ' My friend , you stay here ' but when he has given so much [ it is different ] .
He had this opportunity at Barcelona .
He had a first very difficult year but I am very happy he made it this year .
He has convinced everybody because he is a top - class player and you want them to be successful . "
Wenger stressed it was only Henry who received special treatment in being allowed to leave in pursuit of silverware .
He also indicated that he would take a more strident approach to holding onto players in the future .
" Thierry played a long time for us , nobody else did that and he was close to the end of his career .
All these players [ in the current squad ] are at the start of their careers so it 's completely different .
I think the exact opposite now – I do n't see why we should educate the players , get some stick and when they 're ready we sell them .
That would be masochistic . "
Es gibt immer wieder Menschen , die nicht verstehen können , wie Künstler und sonstige Urheber davon leben sollen , wenn ihre Werke frei im Netz verfügbar sind .
Mit Beispielen wie diesen , die zugegeben ganz besonders herausragend sind , wird es vielleicht ein bisschen besser deutlich , wie das gehen kann :
Direktlink YouTube
Für einen Promotion - Film zu einem japanischen Aquarium ( Okinawa Churaumi Aquarium ) wurde der Song « Please do n’t go » der Band Barcelona eingesetzt .
Ungefragt , wohlgemerkt .
Die Band oder deren Urheberrechtsvertreter hätten also die Löschung des YouTube - Videos beantragen können , oder zumindest die Entfernung des Songs aus selbigem .
Was machen die Jungs stattdessen ?
Sie freuen sich über die steigenden Verkäufe ihres Liedes und ihres Albums und über ein enorm gestiegenes Interesse für ihre Tournee und bedanken sich wiederum in einem YouTube - Video dafür :
Direktlink YouTube
Einen ähnlich gelagerten Fall , in dem der zeitgemäße Umgang mit Urheberrechten nicht zum Schaden , sondern – ganz im Gegenteil – zum Nutzen der Betroffenen führt , schildert mein Hamburger Blogkollege Svensonsan in seinem lesenswerten und ausführlichen Artikel über den wunderbaren Hochzeitstanz « JK Wedding Entrance Dance » , wodurch der Song « Forever » von Chris Brown plötzlich ungeahnte Verkaufserfolge feiert .
Mehr dazu bei Svensonsan : « Hochzeitspaar geht tanzend in Kirche – mit jeder Menge Bonusmaterial » .
Zu beiden Fällen des für die Künstler ertragreichen Einsatzes von freier Kultur im Netz durch Dritte gibt es auch zwei Artikel in meinem mexikanischen Lieblingsblog ALT1040 ( auf spanisch , por supuesto ) :
From Chuck Baldwin :
My son , Tim , writes todays column .
He is an attorney who received his Juris Doctor degree from Cumberland School of Law in Birmingham , Alabama .
He is a former prosecutor for the Florida State Attorneys Office and now owns his own private law practice .
He is married to the former Miss Jennifer Hanssen .
On July 10 , 2009 , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin became the second governor in these States United ( Governor Phil Bredesen of Tennessee is the other one ) to sign into effect a State Sovereignty Resolution .
These Sovereignty - type bills , resolutions and laws are an obvious and rightful response that the super - majority of the States in the Union are expressing to and against the usurping powers of the federal government .
While the effects of federal tyranny are being felt more seriously than ever , history and human nature prove that the people of a society do not respond or revolt immediately against tyranny  though they have a right to .
Americas resistance is no different .
Fortunately , the sleeping giant is being awakened , to the dismay of our Centralist - worshipers today .
An observer of history and these current events cannot help but draw strikingly similar comparisons to Americas political struggles during the early to mid-1800s , where there was a serious threat to our original form of constitutional government by the Centralists of that day .
During the presidency of John Adams , the people of the States realized and rejected the pro-centralist view of Adams and his ilk ( e.g. , Alexander Hamilton ) , and a battle between the ideology of centralism and federalism thrust itself into the forefront of political concern .
On the heels of the Adams administration , the people of the States United spoke clearly and loudly through their election of Presidents Thomas Jefferson in 1801 through James Buchanan in 1857 .
All of these Presidents ( through either political expediency or conviction ) rejected the centralists  philosophy and confirmed the fundamental political ideology that the Constitution of the United States of America was a compact assented to by the individual States of America , and that the Federal governments authority only extended to the specific and enumerated grants acceded to it by the sovereign people of each State .
It was not until 1861 that this understanding of Constitutional government and State Sovereignty was seriously challenged .
Patriots : A Novel of S... Rawles , James Wesley Best Price : $ 1.10 Buy New $ 1.99 ( as of 03:05 EST - Details )
Since the Reconstruction period after the War Between the States , the philosophical acknowledgments of what State Sovereignty means , implies and mandates has been flipped on its head , to where the States seem to believe that they are powerless over the demands of the federal government .
This concept is completely contrary to the original principles of our Confederated Republic , which was overwhelmingly acknowledged from 1787 to 1860 .
Secession : How Vermont ...
Naylor , Thomas H. Best Price : $ 2.95 Buy New $ 7.45 ( as of 09:40 EST - Details )
Those who adopted the views of the Centralists during the twentieth century , of course , had their heyday : from the implementation of the sixteenth and seventeenth amendments , to the implementation of our fiat currency system ; from the assumption of all federal laws as superior to all state laws , to the Federal Supreme Court being considered the only arbitrator of issues regarding political sovereignty ; from excessive federal borrowing and spending , to tyrannical federal mandates and directives imposed on the people of the States .
Now , their heyday is turning into our payday and we the people are fronting the bill .
What Governor Palin acknowledged on July 10 , 2009  as have thousands of men and women in their State government capacities across these States United  is what Americas Founding Fathers and statesmen pre-1861 accepted , acknowledged and proclaimed : ( 1 ) that each of the States is independent and possessing a natural right to govern itself according to the will of its sovereign people reflected in its own constitution ; ( 2 ) that each of those States has a natural and compactually agreed - upon right to defend , secure and protect the freedoms and liberties of its own people ; and ( 3 ) that any powers not delegated by those people through their States to the Federal government by the expressed intent and purposes understood and explained in the US Constitution are void and unenforceable .
Indeed , most would have argued that each Sovereign State had all powers of nationhood ( pursuant to the natural laws of nations , as understood by philosophical and political statesmen ) , with exception of those powers delegated to the federal government in the United States Constitution , which was ratified and acceded to only for the WELL - BEING  not the suppression  of those sovereign peoples and those Sovereign States .
Read the rest of the article
August 14 , 2009
The Best of Timothy Baldwin
Little remains to mark the spot on Bloor St. where cyclist Darcy Allan Sheppard suffered fatal injuries Monday night , after falling from a black Saab convertible driven by former Ontario attorney general Michael Bryant .
Small knots of people – gawkers , mourners and tragedy junkies – gather daily to peer at sympathy notes posted on dying saplings or toe aside bouquets in search of bloodstains on the curb .
No blood , but lots of opinion about what happened here .
It 's a reasonable bet you , too , Toronto Star readers , have an opinion .
But is it , you might ask , your own ?
Definitely not , says a veteran Toronto criminal lawyer , loath to have his name published .
" Look , the headline on this story should be : ` Navigator , changing your perceptions without you even knowing it . ' "
He refers , of course , to Navigator Limited , the smooth public relations firm hired by Bryant ( when exactly is unclear ) to massage the message .
He 's said to be close to Navigator chair Jaime Watt , touted for knowing everybody in Canadian power circles .
Senior partner Robin Sears most recently was spokesperson for Brian Mulroney during the parliamentary investigation into his dealings with deported German arms dealer Karlheinz Schreiber .
Navigator is n't shy on its website : " Clients have praised us for our ability to take an issue that has been looked at , sometimes for years , and radically shift perspective to reveal new insights .
These fresh insights are what our strategies are built on . "
Experienced legal and political hands see Navigator 's fingerprints all over public opinion .
Shortly after a noon strategy meeting yesterday that apparently drew together Navigator staffers and Bryant 's criminal defence lawyer , highly regarded Marie Henein , Sears acknowledged a reporter 's remark that things seemed to be going well for them .
" I'm glad you agree , " he said .
" We 're working hard to ensure that it does .
A big part of that is us staying out of the story . "
Toronto police insist there 's been no VIP treatment for Bryant , charged Tuesday with criminal negligence causing death and dangerous driving of a motor vehicle causing death .
They argue it's not so unusual for the accused in such a case to avoid a bail hearing and put off fingerprinting and mug shots to a later date .
It must precede his Oct. 19 court appearance at Old City Hall .
And yet , nothing – and everything – is different .
" We knew from the outset because of who the accused was that this case would be under extreme scrutiny , " says police traffic services Sgt. Tim Burrows .
" Everybody , from the first person on the scene to the last investigator who has touched this , has known this has got to be the case where – because there is going to be so much public opinion and so much scrutiny – we do everything right and above board ...
Nobody would jeopardize the investigation by making a false accusation or statement that was n't there . "
It must be pointed out , says Patrick Monahan , former dean of Osgoode Hall Law School and Bryant friend ( " I would do anything for Michael Bryant " ) , such scrutiny can cut both ways .
" The real danger is that he not be treated more harshly because ( nobody ) wants to be seen as favouring him . "
Arguably , however , the tenor of the public mood has shifted from the moment the lives of two people – polar opposites in experience , status and power – intersected on Bloor just west of Bay .
Consider :
MONDAY , AUG .
31 :
Police arrive on the scene about 9:50 p.m. after several 911 calls about a bizarre accident in which Sheppard , 33 , has been mortally injured .
He had apparently been shaken off the car along one of the city 's poshest strips , highlighted by Gucci , Prada , Hermès , Mont Blanc , Cole Hahn and Louis Vuitton .
Bryant , 43 , continued driving west for a short distance , before turning right on Avenue Rd. and pulling into the Park Hyatt hotel , where he and his wife , Susan Abramovitch , 42 , both made calls to police .
Bryant and Abramovitch , one of Canada 's top entertainment lawyers , had been out celebrating the 12th anniversary of their wedding .
There was no reason to ask Bryant for a breathalyzer , says Burrows , and according to a Toronto Star story , there was no alcohol at their dinner .
Police allowed Abramovitch to leave the scene without giving a statement – again , usual practice for someone easily located .
Bryant was put in the back of a police cruiser before being taken to the traffic services station in the Liberty Village area .
He did n't give a statement .
By the next morning , the media was chasing unconfirmed reports Bryant was in custody , noting also police were considering what charges to lay .
Comments from the police appearing that day , notably in the Star , suggest a consensus in interviews at the scene .
" Based on the circumstances and the evidence we have so far , it was the appropriate charge (s ) , " says Det. Const.
Leslie Lalla .
" We have witnesses saying that we have a male hanging on to the driver 's side .
Eyewitnesses report he was driving along the curb .
The car does n't appear to be out of control . "
Witnesses further told the Star the two men were involved in some sort of altercation , Bryant pulled away , Sheppard chased the car and grabbed hold of the driver 's side .
It was n't clear what he was trying to do and one witness said there were " sparks " from Sheppard 's cycling shoes as he was pulled along .
There were comments the car rode on the sidewalk and slammed into a mailbox , with screeching tires .
" Like something out of a gangster movie , " said one witness , while others suggested it looked like Bryant was trying to use the mailbox as a bludgeon to loosen Sheppard 's grip .
A demonstration by cyclists later that day revolved around an angry mood distinctly unsympathetic to Bryant .
" Murderer , " they yelled .
However , police confirmed that an hour before the accident , Sheppard had been sitting in the back of a police car after police were called to an altercation at his girlfriend 's apartment .
Witnesses to that episode reported he appeared drunk ; police are awaiting toxicology tests .
TUESDAY MORNING , SEPT .
1 :
It was a busy morning .
At the attorney general 's ministry on Bay St. , it was determined an independent prosecutor would make all decisions on the case .
That prosecutor , Richard Peck , from B.C. , attended a meeting at Old City Hall to get the ball rolling .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Meanwhile , the police officer in charge at Liberty Village determined Bryant could leave without a bail hearing because there was no flight risk and he posed no threat to the public .
However , conditions of release said Bryant must remain in Ontario , notify Lalla of any change of address , employment or occupation , surrender his passport within 48 hours and refrain from driving .
The Star has learned Nikki Holland , a longtime Bryant friend who'd worked for him for years ( " she kind of ran his life , " says one source ) arrived at the police station with a pressed dark grey suit , blue shirt and tie for Bryant 's impromptu statement on the station steps .
( Bryant , who stepped down as $ 300,000 - a- year president of Invest Toronto this week , hired Holland in a senior position at the city agency only a week ago . )
" No comment , " she said , about the suit delivery .
Some saw the wise hand of Navigator in Bryant 's statement , which noted : " I would ... like to extend my deepest condolences to the family of Mr. Sheppard . "
They also suggest the lobbying agency might have had influence in his protestation of innocence in his resignation letter to Invest Toronto .
WEDNESDAY , SEPT .
2 :
The mood change seemed in full swing .
During the afternoon , media reports said police were seeking evidence from witnesses , including video , to fill gaps in what surveillance cameras showed .
The media also began to focus on suggestions the police were examining whether Sheppard had impeded Bryant 's driving , either by trying to put him in a headlock or by grabbing the wheel .
Irwin Isenstein , a criminal lawyer specializing in drinking and driving offences , said some might suggest such scenarios could be construed to favour Bryant and his defence .
" What I would suggest is that it 's unusual for so much information to be disclosed from police , " he said .
But Burrows insists questions about the scenarios – which cast Sheppard in a much harsher light – did not originate with police .
" Where is all this stuff coming from ? "
Burrows says he asked himself as reporters raised those issues during informal press briefings .
Burrows acknowledges police may have fuelled those suggestions once they arose .
Rather than speculating on each reporter 's question , he says , " The most appropriate response would have been just to say , ' Yeah , we 're looking into every possibility . ' "
As the week progressed , one criminal lawyer gave a harsh assessment to the Star : " I did n't think this earlier , but now , I gotta say , most people think he will walk . "
Bryant 's friends and colleagues bristle at any suggestion justice will be eluded .
That can't happen , says well - known criminal lawyer Clayton Ruby : " He 's got to have a fair trial and nothing should be allowed to interfere with that . "
Will McDowell , a former colleague and another on Bryant 's meaty list of loyalists , cautions against rushing to judgment so early in the case .
" Michael will get through this , " he says .
" He has so much to contribute .
He will be a presence in this city and in Canadian politics for a long time to come . "
In preparation for one of the biggest launches of the year , mega - retailer Amazon has crafted a pretty awesome deal for Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves .
First and foremost , they have cut the price , by $ 3 , to $ 56.99 .
Hey , who is n’t excited about saving a few extra bucks ?
However , the real deal begins when you preorder .
If you preorder the game from Amazon , not only will you receive $ 5 off a future video game purchase , but you ’ll be granted access to an Amazon - exclusive treasure map .
Details are slim regarding the use of the treasure map , whether it is available only in Co-op , or it can be used in competitive , it is yet unclear .
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves releases October 13th .
Stay tuned for PlayStation LifeStyle ’s review of Nathan Drake ’s latest adventure !
Head on over to Amazon now and pre-order your copy today .
Another Credit Crisis
The next shoe to drop … credit cards ?
By the time this is all over , another 14 % of the $ 1.9 trillion U.S. consumer debt market will default , the IMF predicted over the weekend .
That ’s another $ 266 billion in coming losses for American mega banks .
The IMF ( not known for their worst - case scenario forecasts ) expects $ 172 billion in similarly soured loans in Europe .
Of those bad consumer loans , credit card defaults are rising fast .
Credit card charge - offs , loans that banks do n’t expect to ever be repaid , have risen to a record 10.7 % .
Moody ’s , the steward of this particular data , says charge - offs will continue to rise until unemployment begins to abate .
By their estimate , joblessness will peak at 10 % next year and credit card charge - offs will top 13 % … both rosy projections .
And in terms of total soared bank loans , we ’re already in uncharted territory .
By the St. Louis Fed ’s best guess , charged - off loans already account for 2 % of the total loan assets of U.S. banks … a record high that ’s still soaring into the stratosphere :
The above chart includes commercial loans , another potential “ next shoe to drop . ”
We ca n’t forecast today which one might come first , or which will hurt more , but it ’s starting to seem obvious … the same way subprime loans led us into the first leg of this mess , other varieties of easy - money - gone - wrong will likely lead us into the next .
“ The big banks are most profitable when speculation is rampant and debt is growing , ” Bill Bonner said Friday .
As usual , Bill was the final speaker at our annual Investment Symposium .
“ That is , when people are going further and further into debt … and speculating on rising asset prices .
We know you do n’t really prosper by borrowing and gambling .
But that does n’t make casinos unpopular , or lenders unlawful .
Bankers , like undertakers , benefit from human frailty .
At least , they benefit as long as the government bails them out .
Otherwise , they fall victim to their own human frailty .
“ But this is a minority opinion .
Most economists disagree with us .
And there are so many of them … if all the economists who disagreed with us were laid end to end … it would be a good thing .
They believe that the economy is stabilizing … and on its way back to normal .
Trouble is ‘ normal ’ ai n’t what it used to be .
“ Wall Street banks are making money , ’tis true .
But they ’re not financing new businesses … or factories .
They ’re not aiding the process of capital formation nor allocating capital in ways that will result in new jobs and new industries .
Instead , they are refinancing old debts … and speculating on zombie assets .
This will not increase the real wealth of the planet .
Instead , money just changes pockets .
Which , of course , raises an interesting question :
Where did all this money come from ?
“ My guess is … from you . ”
Archives and Research
The George Bush Presidential Library and Museum is administered by the National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) and is located on the campus of Texas A&M University in College Station , Texas .
The Bush Library and Museum ’s archives holds more than 40 million pages of official records and personal papers documenting the life of George H. W. Bush , 41st President of the United States .
The presidential records of George Bush ( 1989 - 1993 ) comprise the core of the archival holdings .
The library also contains the vice presidential records of both George Bush ( 1981 - 1989 ) and Dan Quayle ( 1989 - 1993 ) as well as donated historical materials that document George Bush 's private and public career .
In addition to these textual records , the Bush Library has an extensive audiovisual collection containing more than two million photographs and 10,000 videotapes .
These materials are preserved and made available for research and museum exhibitions .
Together , they docu­ment the life and career of George Bush and form an important historical record of the critical years in the late 20th century .
Yesterday at around 7 a.m. , Morgan Pitts , a 36 - year - old propmaster who works out of Silvercup Studios in Queens , had an Encounter With Nature .
While on a routine coffee run near his Greenpoint home , he heroically and rather nonchalantly saved a baby falcon from a dangerous urban environment , and quite probably stopped him from turning to terrorism .
Here is his story , as told to Daily Intel .
“ I got up in the morning , and I had no milk for my coffee .
I went to the deli — normally , I would just get in my car and drive away .
Anyway , I saw him across the street .
He was just standing on the corner with a bunch of pigeons , and I noticed they were kind of like pushing him around .
I was still kind of waking up , so I went to the deli , and I sort of thought about it .
I knew he was a falcon , or a hawk , he ’s pretty distinctive looking , and there ’s a church near me , Saint Stanislavs , it ’s possible there are hawks living up in the steeple .
But he was all alone , usually the parents are around .
I wondered if he had fallen out of the steeple .
On the way back , I checked for him , and he was under a car .
He was looking really nervous , like he knew he was somewhere he was n’t supposed to be .
Then he ran across the street in front of me , and he nearly got hit by a car . ”
“ At that point I was like , ‘ Uh - oh , I ’d better do something . ’
My car was parked right there .
I work on 30 Rock , we have a lot of animals on the show .
There ’s a great animal - rescue mission that brings us our movie animals , and so I thought I ’d bring him to them .
I had a box in the car , and he practically jumped in the box , that ’s how freaked out he was .
So I drove him to work , and we called the people we usually work with , but they were unavailable .
Luckily an electrician I work with , his wife is the head of an animal - rescue center , so we called them and they came to pick him up .
He was there for about an hour , and he was looking pretty scared .
Now they ’re looking at different wildlife rehabilitators who might take him in . ”
Is the Dubai bubble starting to burst ?
It ’s well known that Dubai relies heavily on expat financial services – and more and more evidence is showing that an increased number of expats are hopping on planes and heading home .
New research at Oxford Analytica suggests that the emirate is no longer a desired place to be .
Even worse , the study predicts that as the worldwide economy gets better , the exodus from Dubai may only increase .
From the report :
Despite increasing worries regarding job security , the majority of expatriates have said they are likely to remain until the worldwide situation improves .
This means that there could be an even greater exodus when things do improve …
Their departure will in turn further depress the property sector , reduce consumer spending , and create further job losses .
Dubai has been an oasis for expats in the past , but this news does n’t fare well for expats there , or for the prospects of expatriating to Dubai in the future .
The report also indicated a list of bullet points as to why Dubai is being seen as increasinly unwelcome for expats :
Increased salary requirements ( 10,000 dirhams a month ) in order for expats to bring their families with them
Continued focus on Emiratisation meaning it ’s even harder to find a job and that westerners are laid off first
Strict punitive rules around falling into bad debt
A new code of conduct around clothing , displays of affection and alcohol consumption ( among other things ) creating an image of an overly - conservative society
From October , the need to pass a local ‘ culture test ’ to obtain a UAE residency visa
For these reasons and many more , it ’s becoming difficult to recommend Dubai and the UAE for expatriation .
Comments
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 4/9/2009 ( 4044 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
TREVOR HAGAN / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Faron Hall ( centre ) was very emotional after he pulled a woman ( left ) out of the Red River near the Norwood Bridge this afternoon .
He was unable to save her boyfriend , who had jumped in to save her .
WINNIPEG - Police are searching for the body of a man believed drowned near the Norwood Bridge after he jumped into the Red River to try to save his girlfriend — who was eventually saved by this spring 's " homeless hero . "
The woman was pulled from the river alive by none other than Faron Hall , who rocketed to local fame in May after rescuing a teen from the river .
A group of friends had been drinking wine together in the morning by the river , according to a man who identified himself as " Zone , " who comforted the group after the 1 p.m. incident .
The woman accidentally slipped into the river , but did n’t know how to swim .
Her boyfriend tried to help her , but did n’t know how to swim , either .
After Hall rescued the woman , he tried to save the man , but the missing man had already gone under .
A spokesman for the Winnipeg Fire and Paramedic Service said there is no hope the man is still alive .
Hall was originally known as the " homeless hero , " but his selflessness inspired admirers to help him find an apartment .
aldo.santin@freepress.mb.ca
As a New York judge prepares to rule on its legitimacy , Philip Jones explains why the search engine 's digitisation of millions of books has huge implications for the books world
In the first half of 2010 , if all goes to plan , the world 's dominant search engine , Google , will begin to sell online access to somewhere between 5 m and 6 m books , which it has taken off library shelves , dug out of secondhand bookshops , borrowed from university deposits and digitised – in large part against the wishes of authors and publishers across the world .
It 's impossible to overstate the impact the deal – cooked up a year ago between US publishers and authors and Google – could have on our lives , if it is approved by a New York court next month .
Users of the world wide web will be able to call on reserves of published content they 've simply never had access to online before .
Google will become the world 's largest library , albeit a virtual one .
It could also become the world 's biggest bookseller .
Though the arrangement is applicable only in the US , such are the issues under discussion that the European Commission is this week having a week - long series of meetings in order to try and come up with copyright reform to do something similar – or , in the words of the two commissioners in charge of this process , give every citizen access to " books that today lie hidden on dusty shelves " .
But note the qualifying words .
There is no guarantee yet that the deal will be approved .
The deadline for final objections expired yesterday , before a " Fairness Hearing " , which will either approve or throw out the deal , takes place on 7 October .
And if you think the objections are mere window - dressing , take note of who has spoken out against the deal so far : Amazon , Microsoft , Yahoo and the German and French governments , as well as authors and their heirs , including the estates of Philip K Dick and John Steinbeck .
The settlement is under investigation by the US Justice Department .
So why is the deal so controversial ?
Google has inverted copyright law by asking rights holders to opt out , rather than opt in .
The deal sets Google up as the world 's custodian of published content , with no one else even close , or likely to get close – Microsoft gave up its book - scanning programme a couple of years ago , while Europeana , the EU 's digital library , has so far only managed to archive 5 % of the Europe 's digital content , half of this coming from just one country , France .
For Google the goal was always clear : in hoovering up as much published content as it could get its hands on , it not only delivers on its core mission , but also creates compelling web pages around which to sell advertising and harvest user information , which it can sell to third parties .
By keeping the content within its database , even where the rights - holder has made the book private , it will also be able to improve its search methodology .
As some authors have argued , the sums being offered by Google are tiny in comparison to what it could gain .
Yet it is hard to disagree with Google when it argues that readers will be the main beneficiaries .
Google will be able to create limitless opportunities for lovers of literature :
Six million books is more than anyone could read in a lifetime , but if Google gets the design of its Book Search pages right , enthusiastic readers could be mining a rich a seam of content in niche areas for years .
It 's no wonder booksellers , particularly Amazon , are concerned .
But it is not a given that Google will be able to turn its undoubted skills at indexing content into something more commercial , or even useful .
Google 's current Book Search home pages , which feature fuzzy book covers for titles such as Eastern Trees and Forced Native Labour in Sixteenth - Century Central America , suggest that the search giant has some way to go before it catches up with other online booksellers .
And just a week ago the Times Higher Education Supplement called the Google Book Search a " disaster for scholars " .
A search on " Internet " in books published before 1950 produced 527 results ; " Charles Dickens " turned up 182 results for publications before he was born 1812 .
After readers , the main party to gain from Google is likely to be authors , even if some might be downcast at the thought of 6 m competing books suddenly entering the marketplace .
Authors will use the Book Search to generate new ideas , and track reader trends , as they currently do on Amazon .
For publishers , the Google deal represents what one described recently as the least - worst solution .
Though some may bristle at its initial tactics , it was always going to be far better to have Google working with them towards a goal that they at least have a semblance of control over , than carrying on its digitisation programme unfettered .
And even those who still decry the deal recognise that copyright law , particularly in respect of those books where no rights - holder exists , is no longer helpful .
Even if the Google Settlement is somehow held up in the New York courts , the deal has undoubtedly set the books world on a course from which it will not now be able to deviate .
The problem for everyone – and this might even include Google – is that no one yet knows where the journey ends .
We no longer sell the Lister Type diesel engines or generators - we do still sell the parts .
Click here to view our full line of Lister parts .
In this post , we focus on Japanese design by taking a closer look at the design of Japanese municipal flags .
These flags feature highly stylized bicolor geometric symbols , often incorporating Japanese or Latin characters , making them especially interesting from a designer ’s perspective .
The symbols that are featured are representative of the foundation on which the municipality is built .
We ’ve put together a compilation of 100 Japanese municipal flags which we thought were the most graphically appealing , especially to those with an interest in logo or Japanese design .
Here ’s an explanation of some of the Japanese words that appear in this article :
Hiragana / Katakana : a Japanese syllabary , which is a component of the Japanese writing system .
Kanji : the Chinese characters that are used in the Japanese logographic writing system .
Ume : Plum .
Origami : Folded Paper .
Tomoe : Japanese abstract shape that resembles a comma .
Aioi , Hyogo .
The A in this flag represents a boat and ocean waves .
Azumino , Nagano .
This flag consists of a stylized kanji .
Biratori , Hokkaido .
The three stars are replicas of the stars that form Big Dipper .
China , Kagoshima .
This flag features a stylized kanji with Erabuyuri , lilies local to the island .
Dazaifu , Fukuoka .
This flag features an ume with a stylized kanji .
Ebina , Kanagawa .
This flag features a stylized katakana .
Esashi , Hokkaido .
This flag features a katakana surrounded by four stylized katakanas .
Fuji , Shizuoka .
This flag symbolizes Mount Fuji , with the three lines representing the three municipalities that merged in 1966 to form the current city .
Fujimino , Saitama .
This flag contains a stylized version of the letter ‘ F ’ .
Fukushima , Fukushima .
The nine katakana on the outside of the symbol and the four katakana in the inside make the rebus of Fukushima .
Fukuyama , Hiroshima .
This flag symbolizes a bat .
Ginowan , Okinawa .
The katakana in this flag represents wings over a bay .
Hachijo , Tokyo .
The kanji in this flag symbolizes eternal peace and endless progress , qualities that Hachijo hopes to adopt .
Hachinohe , Aomori .
This flag represents a crane .
Hagi , Yamaguchi .
The grid pattern in this flag is used on the walls of the Hagi castle .
Hakodate , Hokkaido .
The inside of this five - pointed star is the single tomoe which represents the map of the peninsula .
Hakusan , Ishikawa .
This flag shows Mount Hakusan with the Tedori River and the Sea of Japan .
Hamada , Shimane .
This flag features a stylized kanji which symbolizes ocean waves , representing a beach .
Hanamaki , Iwate .
The four petals represent the four municipalities that merged in 2006 to form the current city .
Hirakata , Osaka .
This flag symbolizes the image of a bird flapping its wings in the sky .
Hitoyoshi , Kumamoto .
The katakana in this flag represents a bird .
Ibaraki , Osaka .
The kanji in this flag represents a pigeon .
Ibusuki , Kagoshima .
The three lines represent a map symbol of hot spring , as well as the three municipalities that merged in 2006 to form the current city .
The letters ‘ I ’ and ‘ U ’ represent the city name .
s
Iki , Nagasaki .
This features a stylized version of the letter ‘ i’ .
Imabari , Ehime .
This flag features the letter ‘ i ’ , which represents the Inland Sea and the bridge over the Kurushima Strait .
Imizu , Toyama .
This flag sports the hiragana that represents the Sea of Japan .
Ise , Mie .
This flag symbolizes the letters : ISE .
Ishigaki , Okinawa .
This emblem features a stylized kanji .
Ishinomaki , Miyagi .
This flag features a stylized kanji .
Itami , Hyogo .
The kanji symbolizes a swan of the Koya Pond .
Itoigawa , Niigata .
This flag comprises of a stylized kanji .
Iwakuni , Yamaguchi .
The petals of sakura in this flag represent the arches of the Kintai Bridge .
Izumo , Shimane .
The flag features a stylized kanji .
Kagoshima , Kagoshima .
The foreground of this flag is a kanji based on the symbol of a popular Japanese clan , while the background is Sakurajima , an active composite volcano .
Kaizuka , Osaka .
The five prongs represent five pine leaves that surround the waves of Osaka Bay and the kanji .
Kakogawa , Hyogo .
This flag represents the Kakogawa River .
Kamagaya , Chiba .
The flag contains a stylized katakana .
Kamakura , Kanagawa .
This flag represents bamboo leaves and a gentian , originally used as the symbol of a prominent Japanese clan .
Kanazawa , Ishikawa .
This flag consists of a stylized kanji , the outline of ume and a symbol from a notorious Japanese clan .
Kanoya , Kagoshima .
The blue shape in this flag represents the Osumi peninsula and the red circle with the gold katakana represents the city .
Karuizawa , Nagano .
The hiragana in this flag symbolizes a flying bird .
Kitadaito , Okinawa .
The flag of Kitadaito is comprised of a stylized kanji .
Kokubunji , Tokyo .
The katakana forming the circle expresses harmonious unity and the kanji in the center symbolizes the city ’s name .
Kozushima , Tokyo .
The hiragana in this flag , represents the Izu Islands and the flow of the Kuroshio Current .
Kuji , Iwate .
This flag is a stylized form of the letter ‘ K ’ .
Kumamoto , Kumamoto .
This flag is a stylized version of a hiragana .
Kurobe , Toyama .
This flag is also a stylized version of the letter ‘ K ’ .
Kurume , Fukuoka .
The flag of Kurume features nine katakana that surround a stylized kanji .
Kutchan , Hokkaido .
This flag consists of the stylized letter ‘ K ’ , representing snowflakes and flying birds .
Makurazaki , Kagoshima .
The katakana in this flag , and the letter M , symbolize a caudal fin of the skipjack tuna .
Matsumoto , Nagano .
The circle represents a pine , and the inside is a stylized kanji .
Matsuyama , Ehime .
This is the stylized version of a kanji .
Minamidaito , Okinawa .
The flag of Minamidaito consists of a stylized katakana and kanji .
Mishima , Kagoshima .
The flag features a stylized kanji .
Miyakonojo , Miyazaki .
The three arrows represents a stylized kanji .
Muroran , Hokkaido .
The outside of the symbol are six stylized katakanas and the inside is an orchid .
Nagaoka , Niigata .
The shape of the blue noble phoenix in this ceremonial flag represents the city Nagaoka .
Nankoku , Kochi .
The katakana in this flag symbolizes wings .
Nara , Nara .
This flag represents a stylized kanji inside a sakura .
Naruto , Tokushima .
The symbol in this flag represents the Naruto whirlpool .
Nikko , Tochigi .
This flag contains five letter ‘ N ’s representing the five municipalities that merged in 2006 to form the current city .
Ninohe , Iwate .
This flag features a stylized katakana .
Noshiro , Akita .
The hiragana in this flag represents the Sea of Japan and Shirakami Mountains .
Obama , Fukui .
The kanji in this flag represents wings .
Odawara , Kanagawa .
This flag represents ocean waves and ume , the city ’s flower .
Ogasawara , Tokyo .
In this flag the disk represents the sun , harmony and progress , and the three birds within the disk stand for the peace and friendship of the islanders .
Okayama , Okayama .
The symbol in this flag represents mountains .
Okazaki , Aichi .
In this flag , the kanji is in the center and in the outer parts there are a dragon ’s claws holding a sacred gem .
Ome , Tokyo .
The emblem of this flag features a stylized kanji in the shape of a flying bird arranged on the shape of an ume flower , which symbolizes active development .
Osaki , Miyagi .
This flag displays a hiragana .
Oshu , Iwate .
This flag comprises of the letters O and S , as well as a stylized kanji .
Rishiri , Hokkaido .
The white hiragana in this flag represents ocean waves and the green hiragana represents Mount Rishiri .
Rumoi , Hokkaido .
This flag comprises of a katakana surrounded by the four gulls .
Sakaiminato , Tottori .
The hiragana of this flag represents waves in a port .
Sapporo , Hokkaido .
The white hexagon represents snow .
The circle inside is the the first kanji of Sapporo .
It also represents a katakana .
The star is Polaris , as well as the katakana .
Shikokuchuo , Ehime .
This flag sports the letter ‘ S’ representing expressways .
Shimanto , Kochi .
The kanji in this flag represents a flow of the Shimanto River .
Shimonoseki , Yamaguchi .
The stylized hiragana represents a puffer fish .
Shinjuku , Tokyo .
The kanji character in a diamond shape is a symbol of steadiness .
Suita , Osaka .
The kanji represents a pigeon and the background is the kanji , which represents a flower .
Takamatsu , Kagawa .
The center is a stylized kanji surrounded by pine ( matsu ) leaves .
Toshima , Tokyo .
This flag is made up of a chrysanthemum with a stylized kanji inside .
Tosu , Saga .
The flag of Tosu features a stylized hiragana .
Tottori , Tottori .
The circle and the lozenge of this flag were adopted from the Tottori Domain symbol and the inside is the seal script kanji .
Toyama , Toyama .
In this flag , the symbol is based on the one used by the Toyama Domain and the inside is a stylized kanji .
Toyonaka , Osaka .
The symbol as a whole represents a kanji .
Tsuruoka , Yamagata .
The symbol represents a flying crane .
Tsuwano , Shimane .
This flag sports the stylized kanji .
Wadomari , Kagoshima .
The concept of this flag is a ring representing a mari ball .
Wakayama , Wakayama .
The circle is a stylized katakana and the inside is the kanji , representing mountains surrounding the city .
Wakkanai , Hokkaido .
The flag as a whole represents water , and the three letters W stand for “ will ” , “ wisdom ” and “ work ” .
The inside is a steering wheel of a ship .
Warabi , Saitama .
This flag shows the katakana inside a ring .
Yamatokoriyama , Nara .
The four kanji in the diamond - shaped symbol were taken from the flowery rhombus of the a popular Japanese clan ’s crest .
Yatsushiro , Kumamoto .
The 6 represents the six municipalities that merged in 2005 to form the current city .
The inside is the kanji from the former municipal symbol .
Yokote , Akita .
In this flag the stylized hiragana and the letter Y represents Yokote , and the blue hiragana represents the former Hiraka District .
Yonago , Tottori .
This flag contains a stylized kanji .
Yoron , Kagoshima .
This flag features a stylized kanji .
Yufu , Oita .
This flag features a stylized form of the letter ‘Y ’ .
Yurihonjo , Akita .
The kanji in this flag represents a lily flower , a lily bulb and a gotenmari , a local varitey of temari ball .
Zama , Kanagawa .
This flag features the stylized katakana .
Compiled exclusively for WDD by Zoe Ajiboye .
Which flags were your favorites and why ?
Please share your opinion with us …
PARIS ( Reuters ) - French workers facing layoffs have threatened to dump a toxic substance into the River Seine if their demands for extra compensation are not met , union representatives said on Thursday .
The Palais de Justice , or Courts , is reflected in the waters of the River Seine in Paris on August 6 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jacky Naegelen
It is the latest in a series of threats and other headline - grabbing actions this year by French employees of companies hit by recession .
In other cases , workers detained managers overnight or threatened to blow up factories .
The employees of struggling trucking company Serta , located in the Normandy village of La Vaupaliere in northwestern France , are demanding an extra 15,000 euros ( $ 21,340 ) each on top of the minimum compensation package for laid - off workers .
They are threatening to dump 8,000 liters of a toxic liquid into a sewer that runs into the Seine .
The threat is timed to coincide with a court hearing on Thursday that could result in the company being sold or closed down .
“ It ’s a monstrous waste and the employees mean to make those responsible pay , ” Jean - Pierre Villemin , a staff representative from the CFDT labor union , told Reuters by telephone .
Before it ran into difficulties , Serta employed about 240 people .
Some 80 jobs have already been cut in a first round of layoffs .
Villemin said two bidders had offered to buy Serta , but the workers expect further layoffs even if the firm is sold .
He said the workers did not wish to carry out their threat and had made it mainly to draw media attention to their plight .
Similar tactics have been used by workers at companies in several other parts of France , with mixed results .
“ Bossnappings , ” the temporary detentions of managers on company premises , and threats to blow up equipment or plants , have given workers exposure in the national media and sometimes prompted ministers and other authorities to wade into disputes .
Such shock tactics have sometimes , but not always , resulted in improved compensation packages for laid - off workers .
Last summer , Lawrence Ford jumped into the fast - growing market for so - called reverse mortgages .
The retired auto mechanic and horse trainer used the money he received to pay off his existing $ 70,000 mortgage and " piddled away " the remaining $ 24,000 on things like restaurant meals for his four girlfriends , he says .
Or so Mr. Ford thought .
Last month , the owner of the Orlando , Fla. , title company that handled his loan admitted to stealing more than $ 1 million from several reverse - mortgage holders , including Mr. Ford .
Bank of ...
Results of a new study show that childbearing is strongly associated with increased risk for metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes .
Women who develop gestational diabetes have double the chances of metabolic syndrome later in life that increases risk of heart disease from abdominal obesity , high triglyceride levels , insulin resistance , and other cardiometabolic risk factors .
The study , co-authored by University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB ) researchers suggests that childbearing women are at risk for metabolic syndrome because of behavioral changes .
Lack of physical activity and abdominal obesity following pregnancy play a role that can lead to health problems .
Advertisement
Follow eMaxHealth on YouTube , Twitter and Facebook Please , click to subscribe to our Youtube Channel to be notified about upcoming health and food tips .
According to UAB Professor of Preventive Medicine Cora E. Lewis , M.D. , M.S.P.H. , “ Pregnancy can have lasting , adverse physiological effects and may result in behavioral changes . "
The findings show how important it is for childbearing women to eat healthy and exercise regularly to reduce future risk of metabolic syndrome .
The health study of childbearing women , age 18 - 30 years began in 1985 - 1986 and is part of the ongoing CARDIA study that includes 1451 women .
Compared to body mass index before pregnancy , the researchers found that giving birth to one child was associated with a 33 percent increased risk of metabolic syndrome , and 62 percent higher for more than one birth .
The study shows that pregnancy can lead to disease risk later in life unless measures are taken to exercise , and follow a healthy diet .
The researchers suggest that physicians screen women for cardiometabolic risk factors following pregnancy .
Source UAB News
Written by Kathleen Blanchard RN
Charlotte , NC
Exclusive to eMaxHealth
CHICAGO --
The City Council unanimously agreed Wednesday to take full financial responsibility if Chicago is awarded the 2016 Summer Olympics , a guarantee the local bid leader said leveled the field because the other three candidates already have government backing .
The council voted 49 - 0 to authorize Mayor Richard Daley to sign the International Olympic Committee 's host city contract that puts taxpayers on the hook for the Olympics and a proposed $ 4.8 billion operating budget .
" We are joining the ranks of the other three so that no longer will we be at a competitive disadvantage by virtue of this so - called guarantee , " Chicago bid leader Patrick Ryan said after the council vote .
Financial guarantees have been a recurring issue for Chicago as it bids against Tokyo , Madrid and Rio de Janeiro .
The IOC will pick the host city at its Oct. 2 meeting in Copenhagen .
Daley needed the council 's approval after promising to sign the IOC contract in June to allay any concerns about the city 's commitment .
An IOC evaluation report had rapped the city bid for not providing a full financial guarantee .
Several aldermen said they could approve the contract while minimizing the risk to taxpayers because local bid officials have lined up more than $ 1.4 billion in insurance to protect the operating budget .
" [ It ] really gives those of us in government confidence that there 's a real layer of protection between us and the necessity for putting in any either city or state resources , " Aldermen Toni Preckwinkle said .
The Olympics have a history of costing more than what was planned .
London 's budget for the 2012 Games has grown to more than $ 16.5 billion , double what was originally forecast .
And Montreal ran up massive debts when it hosted the 1976 Games that took decades to pay off .
The IOC has offered to help the 2010 Vancouver Games cover any deficit because of the global economic downturn .
Some aldermen who had been skeptical of the Olympics wound up supporting the host contract decision because they see the Games as an economic engine to help Chicago pull itself out of tough economic times .
A group that opposes Chicago 's bid said aldermen abdicated their responsibility to taxpayers .
" The City Council endorsed the mayor 's blank check to the 2016 Olympic bid , " said Tom Tresser , a spokesman for No Games Chicago .
Alderman Joe Moore also acknowledged some cynicism remains because of the city 's reputation for shady backroom deals .
" While our city can boast a vibrant economy and a beautiful scenic lakefront and a wonderful diverse culture , it also unfortunately bears the ugly stain of political corruption and favoritism and a history of projects with cost overruns , " Moore said .
The ordinance approved Wednesday also includes oversight of the Olympics should the city get the Games , including financial reporting and insurance updates .
Moore said he would have liked to have seen more independent oversight .
For many people , loss of hearing is irreversible .
For scientists trying to figure out what can be done about that , one answer may lie — or swim , actually — in freshwater aquariums .
About one of every 10 Americans suffers from hearing impairment , according to a survey conducted by the Better Hearing Institute , a nonprofit advocacy ...
On September 2 and 3 , 2009 , the Constitutional Court of South Africa will hear the final appeal in a case brought by five Soweto residents challenging Johannesburg 's discriminatory prepaid water meter system .
Their six - year legal battle would reaffirm the constitutional right to water for all South Africans .
Low - income communities in Johannesburg 's townships do not have sufficient water resources and do not receive the same water services as residents in wealthier , often white , suburbs .
Yet , the Bill of Rights of South Africa guarantees everyone 's right to have access to sufficient water .
Diverse forces have come together in this powerful people 's movement -- from community mobilisation to self - organised water services to legal action .
Together , they have already won a historic High Court victory and empowered people to remove prepaid water meters and reconnect to free water , despite threats of criminalisation .
In this spirit the film above , Amanzi Ngawethu ( Water Is Ours ) , brings together protest songs , photos and video from people and organisations who are working in solidarity to reclaim human dignity and human rights .
It was made by Christina Hotz of Friction Films .
When the hearing starts , local residents , along with their legal team , supporters , and millions of people in South Africa and across the world , will be watching .
Whatever the outcome of this legal case , the struggle to ensure accessible , adequate and affordable water for all will continue .
For more info and news , go to the Coalition Against Water Privatisation ( CAWP ) and Anti-Privatisation Forum ( APF ) at www.apf.org.za, and the Centre for Applied Legal Studies ( CALS ) www.law.wits.ac.za/cals.
Download Amanzi Ngawethu ( Water Is Ours ) :
10 min edit :
Light file -- 10MB
Medium file -- 20MB
High - quality file -- 55MB
2 min edits ( 2.5MB , 5MB & 14MB )
5 min edit :
Light file -- 6.5MB
Medium file -- 12MB
High - quality file -- 35MB
Health and environmental victories for South African activists
Treatment Action Campaign activists .
By Patrick Bond
August 29 , 2009 -- Durban --
In South Africa , major advances in health and the environment during the 2000s were only won by social activists by removing the profit motive ; the challenge will be to combine their forces , to link some of the world ’s most impressive social movements by ``connecting the dots '' between their sectorally discrete problems , ranging in scale from the status of women and children in the household to climate change mitigation .
Because the activists only began the work described below roughly a decade ago , the period since the end of apartheid ( though starting in the 1980s ) has witnessed the degeneration of the society 's health , as reflected in the dramatic decline in life expectancy , from 65 years at the time of liberation to 52 years a decade later , largely because of AIDS ( Statistics South Africa , 2004 ) .
In addition , ecological problems have become far worse , according to the government 's own commissioned research in the 2006 Environmental Outlook report , which according to the leading state official ( Yako , 2007 ) , “ outlined a general decline in the state of the environment ” .
The most hopeful antidote to these problems is the power of social activism .
The most important victory to date was access to free AIDS medicines , requiring the defeat of a formidable capitalist / state bloc comprising the US Clinton / Gore and South African Mbeki regimes , and the ``Big Pharma ' ' group of pharmaceutical firms which holds intellectual property rights over anti-retroviral drugs .
After a brief review of the Treatment Action Campaign ’s work , we turn to the subsequent cases where red - green campaigning by environmental justice movements has made a difference to constituents ’ health status in terms of water and electricity access , less pollution and action on climate ( though the latter is only in the very early stages ) .
Interconnections between health and environment that these activists address include respiratory illnesses and water - borne diseases which have worsened especially in areas characterised by poverty , the resulting disconnection of water and electricity , and ongoing industrial pollution .
AIDS medicines
The South African government 's 1997 Medicines Act -- which made provision for compulsory licensing of patented drugs -- helped to catalyse the formation in 1998 of the Treatment Action Campaign ( TAC ) to lobby for access to AIDS drugs , which in the late 1990s were prohibitively expensive for nearly all South Africa 's HIV - positive people ( who number roughly 10 % of the 50 million current population ) .
That campaign was immediately confronted by the US State Department 's “ full court press ” against the Medicines Act ( the formal description to the US Congress ) , in large part to protect intellectual property rights generally , and specifically to prevent the emergence of a parallel inexpensive supply of AIDS medicines that would undermine lucrative Western markets ( Bond 1999 , Nattrass 2004 ) .
The campaign included US vice - president Al Gore 's direct intervention with South African government leaders in 1998 - 99 , to revoke the law .
In July 1999 , Gore launched his 2000 presidential election bid , a campaign generously funded by big pharmaceutical corporations ( which in a prior election cycle provided US $ 2.3 million to the Democratic Party ) .
As an explicit counterweight , TAC 's allies in the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power ( ACTUP ) began to protest at Gore 's campaign events .
The protests ultimately threatened to cost Gore far more in adverse publicity than he was raising in Big Pharma contributions , so he changed sides and withdrew his opposition to the Medicines Act , as did Bill Clinton a few weeks later at the World Trade Organization 's Seattle Summit .
Big Pharma did not give up , and filed a 1999 lawsuit against the constitutionality of the Medicines Act , counterproductively entitled “ Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association v. Nelson Mandela ” ( which even Wall Street Journal editorialists found offensive ) .
The case came to court in early 2001 .
By April , additional TAC solidarity protests against pharmaceutical corporations in several cities by Medicins sans Frontiers , Oxfam and other TAC solidarity groups compelled the association to withdraw the suit .
By late 2001 , the Doha Agenda of the World Trade Organization adopted explicit language permitting violation of Trade Related Intellectual Property Rights for medical emergencies .
The South African government remained reluctant to provide medicines , however , for a variety of dubious reasons , in part related to “ denialism ” that HIV causes AIDS .
As a result , TAC was compelled to file a constitutional court case which succeeded mid-2001 in at least gaining access to Nevirapine for pregnant , HIV + women in public hospitals .
At the same time , however , Anglo American Corporation -- one of South Africa 's strongest promoters of corporate social responsibility -- released a study showing that only 12 % of its employees met a cost - benefit test by which supply of drugs was cheaper to the company than allowing HIV + workers to die early ( replacing them from the pool of South Africa 's 40 % unemployed ) .
Threats not only from TAC but also the main mining workers ' trade union forced Anglo American to reverse its decision to deny most workers medicines , in 2002 ( Bond 2005 ) .
Big Pharma 's reluctance to surrender property rights so as to meet needs in the large but far less lucrative African market coincided with the rise of philanthropic and aid initiatives to provide branded medicines .
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation 's parallel health services in sites like Botswana undermined state health services ; it was no coincidence that Gates stands most to lose of anyone on the planet in the event intellectual property is threatened .
Given such prevailing power relationships , the South African government did not invoke any compulsory licensing of medicines even after the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers ’
Association withdrew from its 2001 lawsuit .
Local manufacturers Aspen and Adcock Ingram did , however , lower costs substantially through voluntary licensing of the major AIDS drugs .
It is in this sense that not only decommodification , but also deglobalisation of capital was considered vital to expanding access .
Similar local licensing arrangements were soon arranged for firms in Kampala , Harare and other places .
As of 2008 , roughly 700,000 South Africans received AIDS medicines , somewhat below the trajectory needed to reach the target of 1.3 million patients with access by 2011 ( IRIN , 2008 ) .
But the replacement of Thabo Mbeki and his health minister in September 2008 heralded a major advance in state roll - out , due nearly entirely to the ongoing pressure of social activists .
Public versus private water
Water is another site where environmental health victories can be declared by civil society campaigners , in part through international solidarity activism .
But the adverse influence of transnational capital ( not to mention the World Bank ) on South Africa 's most populous metropole , Johannesburg , during the early 2000s , will be felt on water consumers for many years , through dangerous water - saving technologies and water pricing systems .
The Paris firm Suez , the world ’s second - largest water company , came to South Africa just before the end of apartheid , picking up three small water concessions in Eastern Cape towns during the early to mid 1990s .
By 2001 , the firm had won the bid for a five - year trial contract to manage Johannesburg 's water , in part by taking the city 's councillors on a junket to Argentina the year before , where the “ success story ” of Buenos Aires was unveiled .
( That contract would fail when in 2002 the Argentine government could no longer afford to allow Suez 's substantial hard - currency profit repatriation in the midst of its economic crisis . )
At that very point in time , Suez subsidiary Dumez was alleged by Lesotho government prosecutors to have bribed the manager of the Lesotho Highlands Water Authority ( which supplies Johannesburg with water ) , Masupha Sole .
Sole allegedly received $ 20,000 at a Paris meeting in 1991 to engineer a contract renegotiation providing Dumez with additional profits in excess of $ 1 million , at the expense of Johannesburg water consumers .
On those grounds , Johannesburg officials were asked by the South African Municipal Workers Union to bar Suez from tendering for the water management contract , but they refused ( Bond 2002 ) .
Suez inherited a dysfunctional retail water system , especially in Johannesburg 's vast shack settlements which are home to nearly a third of the city 's 3.2 million residents .
There , according to city surveys , 65 % use communal standpipes and 20 % receive small amounts from water tankers ( the other 15 % have outdoor yard taps ) .
For sanitation , 52 % have dug pit latrines themselves , 45 % rely on chemical toilets , 2 % have communal flush toilets and 1 % use ablution blocks .
Needless to say , these conditions are both particularly hostile to women and children , and breed opportunistic infections at a time when Johannesburg 's HIV rate has soared above 25 % , and during a decade in which cholera and diarrhoea epidemics have killed many tens of thousands of people , especially children .
Instead of expanding supply to these unserved areas , Suez 's response to poverty was to take part in massive water disconnections .
At the peak in early 2002 , just before community resistance became an effective countervailing force , Johannesburg officials were disconnecting more than 20,000 households per month from power and water , making a mockery of the boast on the Department of Water Affairs and Forestry 's website that Johannesburg offers 100 % of its residents free basic water .
For municipal bureaucrats and Suez , the point of disconnecting low - income people and maintaining low water / sanitation standards was a strategy , quite simply , to save money .
In order to cut consumption by low - income people , Suez began its reign as Johannesburg water manager by installing 6500 pit latrines , a pilot “ shallow sanitation ” system and thousands more pre-paid water meters in poor areas , including Soweto .
Pit latrines require no water .
The new shallow sewage system is also attractive to the company , because maintenance costs are transferred to so - called “ condominium ” residential users , where a very small water flush and slight gravity mean that the pipes must be manually unclogged every three months ( or more frequently ) by the residents ( typically women ) themselves .
Unlike conventional meters in rich suburbs which provide due warning of future disconnection ( and an opportunity to make representation ) in the form of notification in red writing at the bottom of the monthly bill , pre-paid meter disconnection occurs automatically and without warning following the exhaustion of the free basic water supply .
If the disconnection occurs during the night or over a weekend when water credit vendors are closed , the household has to go without water until the shops are open again , and if the household does not have money for additional water , it must borrow either money or water from neighbours in order to survive .
This represents not only a threat to dignity and health , but also direct risk to life in the event of a fire .
Two children ’s deaths in a Soweto shack fire resulting from pre-paid meters catalysed a lawsuit against Johannesburg Water .
Johannesburg
Water managers were also reluctant to offer a genuine free lifeline supply and rising block tariff so as to redistribute water from rich to poor , a system which if designed properly would also penalise luxury consumption and promote conservation .
They were , after all , in the business of selling more water to people , not less , notwithstanding that the water is piped hundreds of kilometres across the Lesotho mountains in Africa 's largest cross-catchment water transfer .
During the late 1990s , Johannesburg water customers became liable for vast Lesotho dam loan repayments , resulting in a spectacular 69 % increase from 1996 - 99 in the nominal cost of water .
By the time the city 's commercialisation strategy was established in 1999 , Johannesburg ’s water prices became more regressive than even during apartheid .
However , in the wake of a December 2000 election campaign promise by the ruling African National Congress ( ANC ) , a free basic water ( FBW ) lifeline was implemented in 2001 , amounting to 6000 litres of water each month for each household .
The main debates are over whether the FBW block provides adequate water for larger low - income families ( especially those with HIV + members ) , and whether the tariff curve then rises in an excessively convex ( versus sufficiently concave ) manner .
The mandate from national government -- i.e. the FBW promise made in the wake of rising social protest and alienation , as well as the onset of the cholera epidemic -- was worded as follows :
“ The ANC - led local government will provide all residents with a free basic amount of water , electricity and other municipal services so as to help the poor .
Those who use more than the basic amounts , will pay for the extra they use . ”
Johannesburg officials reinterpreted this otherwise progressive mandate utterly regressively , however , by adopting a relatively steep - rising convex tariff curve , in contrast to a concave curve starting with a larger lifeline block , which would have better served the interests of lower - income residents .
The dramatic increase in their per-unit charges in the second block meant that there was no meaningful difference to their average monthly bills even after the first free 6000 litres .
Moreover , the marginal tariff for industrial / commercial users of water , while higher than residential , actually declines after large - volume consumption is reached .
Low - income residents could simply not afford to pay for water at the price Suez demanded .
Resistance soon emerged , consistent with urban social movement traditions dating at least to the mid-1980s , when Johannesburg hosted what was possibly the world 's most impressive urban social movement , the township “ civics ” ( Mayekiso 1996 ) .
But the South African National Civic Organisation ( SANCO ) suffered systematic demobilisation of its ranks by the ruling ANC during the mid-1990s , hence an independent network of community groups arose in several Johannesburg townships beginning with the formation of the Soweto Electricity Crisis Committee in early 2000 .
The group took what was already a popular township survival tactic -- illicitly reconnecting power once it was disconnected by state officials due to nonpayment ( in 2001 , 13 % of Gauteng 's connections were illegal ) -- and added a socialist , self - empowered ideological orientation .
Within a few months , the Anti-Privatisation Forum ( APF ) was formed to unite nearly two dozen community groups across Gauteng , sponsoring periodic mass marches of workers and residents .
The APF also networked with water activists across the world , for example to the major water war zone of Cochabamba in Bolivia , to Argentina , to Accra and to Detroit .
So that their critique could be legalised and generalised , Soweto anti-privatisation activists from the Phiri neighbourhood launched a constitutional court case in 2004 , facilitated by the Freedom of Expression Institute and the University of the Witwatersrand Centre for Applied Legal Studies , and ultimately argued by one of the country 's top lawyers , Wim Trengove .
The case -- Mazibuko & Others v City of Johannesburg & Others -- was finally heard in the Johannesburg High Court in December 2007 .
Several issues came under scrutiny : the implications of pre-paid water meters and shallow sanitation for access and administrative justice , especially in cases of water emergency and chronic poverty ; and the origins and sufficiency of free basic water , as well as the non-affordability of water beyond the FBW allocation -- which was raised by Johannesburg Water in April 2008 to 10 kl / hh / m , but only for “ indigent ” households as determined by a means test .
But that action did not appease high court judge Moroa Tsoka , who on April 30 , 2008 , ruled that imposing credit control via prepayment meters “ in the historically poor black areas and not the historically rich white areas ” was racist , as installation apparently occurred “ in terms of colour or geographical area ” .
Moreover , Johannesburg Water 's community consultation process was “ a publicity stunt ” characterised by a “ big brother approach ” .
He ordered removal and prohibition of the prepayment meters and the provision of 50 litres per person per day , effectively doubling the FBW target .
Because Suez 's reign in Johannesburg was rife with social conflict and also generated strife within the council , the company 's contract was not renewed in 2006 , in spite of the desired 25 - year extension option available in the original water commercialisation business plan .
That plan anticipated that ( after - tax ) profits from Johannesburg 's water supply would soar from R3.5 million ( roughly US$ 300 000 ) in 2000 - 2001 to R419 million ( $ 50 million ) in 2008 - 2009 .
Instead of allowing the outflow of huge profits to Paris , local activists partially succeeded in their strategies both to decommodify water ( by raising FBW from 25 to 50 litres per person per day ) and to deglobalise capital -- sending Suez packing -- in favour of local public services provision .
But the provision of FBW was still unsatisfactory , in part because Johannesburg officials still influenced by Suez ’s 2000s pricing regime , also intended to cancel universal FBW in favour of means testing .
No matter that Johannesburg City Council resumed water management , its commercialisation continued , and indeed ANC Mayor Amos Masondo appealed Tsoka 's judgement later in 2008 , supported by the national Department of Water Affairs and Forestry .
In April 2009 , the victory of 50 litres per person per day was reduced to 42 , and Tsoka ’s banning of prepayment meters -– on grounds of administrative injustice -- was modified .
Hence activists and their legal supporters appealed the Supreme Court of Appeals judgement in April 2009 , in search of a more decisive victory in the Constitutional Court .
Corporate pollution
There are countless incidents in which transnational firms operating in South Africa ( some with local headquarters ) violate laws by illegally dumping waste or emitting effluents into the water and air ( see http://www.groundwork.org.za).
What is important is that in the wake of systemic regulatory failure and post - apartheid environmental conditions that are far worse than during apartheid ( in part because of the downgrading of environmental impact assessments ) , local activists have found ways to put formidable pressure on the state and on capital .
Some of these involve long - term campaigns , such as against Thor Chemicals ' mercury poisoning , for which partial damages were eventually paid .
Others entail precedent - setting lawsuits , such as the Cape PLC asbestos case , which drove the firm to bankruptcy .
Others require direct action and creative protest .
As just one illustration of resistance tactics backed by strong analysis , the Pietermaritzburg - based NGO groundWork established the humourous “ Corpse Awards ” ( with the US NGO Corpwatch in 2002 , and subsequently with the University of KwaZulu - Natal Centre for Civil Society from 2005 ) in order to “ recognise worst corporate practice in producing environmental injustice ” ( citations below are from http://www.groundwork.org.za).
Nominations come mainly from voluntary community - based organisations , especially people living next door to the plants and mines .
In 2005 , corporations receiving Corpse nominations included the country 's most aggressive polluters : oil refiners Sasol , Sapref and Engen , steel giant Mittal ( formerly Iscor ) , pulp and paper giants Sappi and Mondi , US agribusiness Monsanto and South Africa 's power utility , Eskom .
The 2006 nominees were AngloPlatinum ( for destruction of the Mapela community as noted below ) , Bayer Cropscience ( for financing genetically modified sugar ) , the South African cement industry ( for using hazardous waste in its products ) , two more oil refiners ( FFS in Pietermaritzburg and Chevron at Table View , Cape Town ) , whose air samplings were far higher than legally acceptable levels , Engen ( again ) , Samancor Manganese ( for poisoning workers in the Vaal Triangle ) , Australia ’s Paladin Resources ( for its uranium mining in Malawi ) and AngloGold Ashanti for its deaths of 16 workers at Carletonville ’s Tautona mine near Johannesburg in 2006 , its apparent violation of the UN arms embargo in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo ( then CEO Bobby Godsell reacted to allegations of collaboration with warlords in mid-2005 with the remark , “ mistakes will be made ” ) , its role in the death of artisanal workers in Obuasi , Ghana , and its subsidiary Kedahda 's role in one of the world 's most repressive sites : `` ‘the Colombian Army is engaged in uprooting peasants and small - scale miners by attacking their leaders such as Alejandro Uribe , so that the transnational mining corporation Kedahda can enter the region and undertake mining operations on peasants ’ and miners ’ lands . ''
According to 2005 award guest Naomi Klein , “ We know corporates are not just satisfied with leeching your communities and poisoning your bodies .
They want to be loved , which is why governments invented `corporate social responsibility ' .
For them there is no problem that is so big that it can't be solved with fantastic public relations . ”
Bobby Peek , director of groundWork and recipient of a Goldman Prize for environmental activism , explains the antipathy to self - regulation : “ All [ 2005 nominees ] boast their commitment to [ corporate social responsibility ] and the environment .
Their advertisements and publications proclaim best practice and continuous improvement as well as their commitment to health and safety .
Some have even won awards for environmental and social reporting .
None of them have convinced their neighbours who live with the burden of ill health -- cancers , asthma and other breathing difficulties , eczemas and allergies , and a variety of conditions affecting the blood , nerve and immune systems . ”
Critics of pollution will continue to use a variety of tactics , including Corpse Award ridicule ( favourably covered in the South African business press ) .
The next attack on transnational capital appears to be coming from victims of minerals extraction , such as communities in Limpopo , Northwest and Eastern Cape provinces , who have criticised AngloPlats , LonPlats and Australian Minerals Resources , respectively , for their looting of resources .
For example , the Mapela and Maandagshoek communities accused AngloPlats of removing communities from their ancestral land , stealing peoples ' resources and gagging voices of resistance .
AngloPlatinum imposed “ SLAPP ” orders ( Strategic Litigation Against Public Participation ) against the mining communities ' legal representative Richard Spoor so as to prevent him from “ defaming ” the firm using the words “ racist , thug and bully ” .
Climate change
The most serious and ultimately life - threatening forms of pollution are greenhouse gases , especially carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) responsible for climate change .
These gases are now open for emissions trading , reflecting the emergence of a vast potential market developed from scratch , with potential activity in the trillion - dollar annual range within the next few years .
Although aimed at mitigating climate change , the new carbon market may do more harm than good , South African climate campaigners argue .
They joined international activists in 2004 to form the Durban Group for Climate Justice , in opposition to corporations guilty of species - threatening climate emissions , which attempt to trade their way out of emissions - reduction obligations .
By 2008 these companies included buyers of emissions credits from Northern countries such as Shell , BHP Billiton , EDF , RWE , Endesa , Rhodia Energy , Mitsubishi , Cargill , Nippon Steel , ABN Amro , Chevron and Chugoku Electric Power .
Corporate sellers of emissions - reduction credits -- especially from Brazil , South Africa , India and China -- included Tata Chemicals , ITC , Plantar , Votorantim , Petrobras , Shri Bajrang , Birla , Oil & Gas Nat. Corp. , Sasol , Mondi , Hu-Chems Fine Chemical , Chugoku Electric Power and Chhatisgarh Electricity .
South Africa is one of the most important sites where grasroots activists and their allies question both the internal logic and the practical implications of carbon trading , because -- as a result of apartheid 's historic reliance upon cheap electricity from coal - fired generators -- CO2 energy - related emissions , measured as a percentage of per capita GDP , are 20 times higher than even those of the United States .
Carbon trading arrived in South Africa as a concept in 2002 , via the World Summit on Sustainable Development , as a means of relatively painlessly mitigating greenhouse gases in Africa 's largest rubbish dump .
The Bisasar Road landfull , located by the apartheid regime in 1980 within a black residential community -- Clare Estate in Durban -- offered the South African government , the World Bank and numerous corporations an opportunity to earn profits from emissions reductions , by turning methane emissions into electricity using a $ 15 million World Bank subsidy which it intended selling off to international corporate investors .
Until her death in July 2007 environmental activist Sajida Khan attempted to close the Bisasar Road dump , located across the street from her family 's decades - old residence , and in the process derail South Africa 's largest pilot emissions trade project .
She died of her second dose of cancer which she attributed to toxins blowing from the dump .
Under Khan 's ideal scenario , the closure of Bisasar Road dump , methane from the dump would be captured , piped out , cleaned and safely turned into energy .
Instead , Durban officials aimed to burn the methane on site ( increasing dangerous incinerated carcinogens ) and in the process , keep the dump open at least another seven years , and possibly 20 years , so as to increase the flow of carbon reduction credits via the World Bank ’s Prototype Carbon Fund .
However , in July 2006 , Durban Solid Waste conceded the power of Khan's 90 - page environmental impact assessment critique , which a year earlier was widely credited as having also intimidated the World Bank away from the Bisasar site .
The municipal rubbish company only applied ( and won ) World Bank funding for methane - electricity burning from two much smaller landfills , which were not located in the immediate vicinity of residential areas .
In addition to Bisasar , there are several other examples of ways carbon trading is abused in South Africa , justifying its rejection as a strategy to combat climate change ( Bond , Dada and Erion , 2008 ) .
What do activists suggest instead of carbon offsets and emission trading ?
The favoured grassroots approach -- drawing inspiration from activists in the energy sector from the Niger Delta in Nigeria , Ecuador 's Indigenous and environmental communities , California and Alaskan conservation battles , Australian opponents of uranium mining , Norway and the Alberta tar sands of Canada -- is to “ leave the oil in the soil , leave the coal in the hole ” .
South African activists ' critiques of the petroleum sector unite processing / consumption with production , via OilWatch , an international network .
The most impressive development in the campaign is Quito - based Accion Ecologia 's lobbying of Ecuador 's president Rafael Correa to keep $ 12 billion worth of oil below ground within the Yasuni National Park , for which he seeks $ 5 billion in compensation .
Besides mitigating climate change , another reason to leave resources in the ground is the “ resource curse ” that has adversely affected mostly Third World countries .
Non-renewable resource extraction generates net negative savings in many countries , according to even the World Bank 's internal 2006 report
Where is the Wealth of Nations ?
That report estimates that net national savings in South Africa was a net negative $ 2 per person in 2000 , a year that per capita gross national income was $ 2837 .
( The negative impact of capital devaluation , pollution and especially extraction of non-renewable resources is offset , in World Bank calculations , by increased human capital investment via education budgets -- but still remains dramatically negative for most African countries . )
In other words , even Africa 's most industrialised economy cannot generate and retain enough wealth locally to counteract the negative wealth effects of non-renewable ressource depletion , the World Bank ( 2006 , p. 56 ) finds .
Hence , leaving resources in the ground is not only good for the environment , but for the local economy , in view of this degree of natural asset expropriation by transnational corporate capital .
Most South African mining houses , especially Anglo American , DeBeers and BHP Billiton , moved their primary stockmarket listings offshore during the early 2000s , so the profits do not even remain within South Africa , generating , in the process , a vast current account deficit that reached - 9 % in early 2008 .
Whether South African activsts and their allies can foil the carbon market in its early stages , and compel the mainstream environmental movement to adopt a more critical perspective on market “ solutions ” to market problems , remains to be seen .
But the alternative approach of leaving oil in the soil and coal in the hole , i.e. taking the supply side seriously , has far more long - term potential for addressing global warming .
That is because -- alongside the ecological debt argument -- the activist strategy reincentivises transnational corporate behaviour in which , at present , local ecological damage is done without recourse to either market or social discipline .
As we conclude , the same strategy of reincentivising anti-social transnational corporate activity also informed another major internationalist effort associated with the Jubilee debt movement : the campaign for reparations for profits owed to corporations ' black victims during apartheid .
Conclusion
The areas of social resistance to corporate and state power reviewed above -- AIDS medicines access , water privatisation and pollution ( especially greenhouse gas emissions ) -- show that an uncompromising , profound critique of malfeasance can make for genuine social change with benefits to both public health and the environment .
What is required most in the period ahead is fusion within and between these movements .
Already the spirit of the movements is similar , entailing a militant , anti-capitalist approach that forthrightly tackles even an allied ruling party ( in the case of TAC ) and the largest multinational corporations in the world .
The underlying strategic approach of the activists is also similar , based as it is upon programs for decommodification ( e.g. of medicines and water ) and the “ deglobalisation ” of capital ( as Walden Bello , 2005 , terms it , or “ delinking ” , to quote Samir Amin , 1990 ) through the globalisation of solidarity .
Should that solidarity be directed to multilateral fora ?
Aside from a handful of cases –- the Basel Convention against trade in toxics in 1989 , chlorofluorocarbon emissions banned in Montreal in 1996 , and persistent organic pollutants phased out thanks to the 2001 Stockholm Convention -- global public policy has been unsatisfactory on matters such as access to medicines , intellectual property rights , public service provision of water and other essentials , pollution , climate change , and ecological debt reparations for historic oppression .
Hence , it will be up to activists to tackle corporate power from the bottom up , as part of a quest to eradicate that power entirely .
This is much more likely to be done at national level than globally , given the prevailing balance of forces that shifts back from neoconservative ( petro- military - industrial complex ) power to neoliberal corporate ( especially banking and commercial ) interests , albeit dressed up in the crony - capitalist ``Keynesianism '' characterised by the bank bailouts of Barack Obama and Gordon Brown .
In South Africa , activists are entering a period with a new president somewhat more disposed to addressing the labour movement 's and health activists ' concerns .
Notwithstanding apparent corruption associated with arms dealings and extreme traditions of patriarchy , the leadership of the South African state by Jacob Zuma may prove to open yet more doors .
But that remains to be seen , and only struggle will get the activists through the door , to the decision - making table , and forward to implementation of policies and programs that are supportive of both the environment and public health .
[ Patrick Bond directs the University of KwaZulu - Natal Centre for Civil Society .
This article first appeared in Spanish in Ecología Política 's special issue on health and the environment , 2009 . ]
References
AMIN , Samir ( 1990 ) Delinking , London : Zed Books .
BELLO , Walden ( 2005 ) Deglobalisation , London : Zed Books .
BOND , Patrick ( 1999 ) Globalization , Pharmaceutical Pricing and South African Health Policy : Managing Confrontation with US Firms and Politicians , International Journal of Health Services , 29 , 4 .
BOND , Patrick ( 2002 ) Unsustainable South Africa : Environment , Development and Social Protest , Pietermaritzburg : University of KwaZulu - Natal Press .
BOND , Patrick ( 2005 ) Elite Transition : From Apartheid to Neoliberalism in South Africa , Pietermaritzburg : University of KwaZulu - Natal Press .
BOND , Patrick , Rehana DADA and Graham ERION ( Eds ) ( 2008 ) Climate Change , Carbon Trading and Civil Society : Negative Returns on South African Investments , Pietermaritzburg : University of KwaZulu - Natal Press .
IRIN ( 2008 ) Question Marks over ARV Tender , 29 February , Johannesburg .
LEHOHLA , Paddy ( 2004 ) “ State of the world population , 2004 : Statement from the Statistician General ( Stats SA ) ” , Pretoria , 17 September , http://www.statssa.gov.za/news_archive/17sep2004_1.asp.
MAYEKISO , Mzwanele . ( 1996 ) Township Politics : Civic Struggles for a New South Africa , New York : Monthly Review Press .
NATTRASS , Nicoli ( 2004 ) The Moral Economy of AIDS in South Africa , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
PEEK , Bobby ( 2005 ) The Corpse Awards , groundWork , www.groundwork.org.za/CorpAccountability/Background%20Awards%20Doc.doc
WORLD BANK ( 2006 )
Where is the Wealth of Nations ?
Washington : The World Bank .
YAKO , Pamela ( 2007 ) , ‘ The State of our environment should remain under a watchful eye ’ , Press release , Department of Environmental Affairs and Tourism , 28 June , Pretoria .
There are few cars because most vehicles are too wide to fit within the narrow valleys lined between houses , shops and churches in Croatia .
Located in Central and Southeastern Europe , the country of 4 million populations has among the most beauty scenery in the world .
The visitors do not have to worry about the accommodation because there are quite many reliable travel agencies can be found on the net .
The best option I could suggest you is Croatia Apartments .
They are fascinating with very warm staffs and top services .
Some of you might decide in last - minute to have a visit after seeing beautiful photos of Croatia .
You should not worry of expensive apartment ’s price because I just found a very good deal for you .
This deal is exactly suitable for those who have Last Minute Croatia .
You can have up to 40 % discount using this last minute deal .
Thus , your plan of having vacation in gorgeous Croatia will not go to a vain .
Some people do not like cheap accommodation and I understand it very well .
This kind of people always expects the attractive places are well packaged with luxury accommodations .
There are couples of Luxury Croatia Villas available and this selection of villas will not make you disappointed .
Believe it !
I can guarantee you will fall in love with this deal .
You can enjoy your party , your family reunion or even wedding reception with this luxury deal .
All in all , Croatia is indeed a very magnificent place that I admire for long .
Have a nice holiday !
Do enjoy every inches of beautiful sceneries in Croatia .
Photos Resource : Flickr
Category : Europe , Featured , Travel
by Shiban Ganju
We had assembled outside Lucknow to train ‘ master trainers ’ .
They had travelled from their villages , one to two hundred miles away , for a six day education in health care .
Women outnumbered men in this group of thirty five .
We believed , on their return , they would become health trainers in their native villages .
Today was the fifth day .
We had an open interactive session , where the trainees got to express their thoughts freely .
They had already bonded with each other ; camaraderie flourished from giggles and side chatter .
Inhibitions had eased .
Puja , a small woman sitting near the window , stood and said she had just composed a poem , which she wanted to recite .
The group shouted a noise of approval .
She began .
She had captured the essence of maternal and child health in rhyme .
Trainees murmured appreciation ; she was their resident poet .
The girl in yellow Sari , sitting on the opposite side , rose .
She introduced herself , “ My name is Mehrunissa .
I want to express my gratitude to all of you and the organizers to let me participate here .
I joined the women ’s group one year ago .
I started attending their meetings .
Till that time , I had never participated in any group .
For the first time in my life I started stepping out and this is the first time in my life that I have stayed out of my house on my own for seven days . ”
“ Did your husband or mother in law object ? ” asked the moderator .
“ In the beginning my mother in law asked some questions but now she is used to it .
My husband has supported me . ”
The group cheered – men a little louder than the women – for this empowerment in action !
The attitude of these people had changed since the program started about two years ago .
An internal transformation was happening .
Personal responsibility for health was seeping into their awareness , which was an assurance for good health but not a guarantee .
They could still lose the war , just when they were about to win the battle .
They were vulnerable to external forces of socio-politics of man and nature .
Unknown to them and beyond their control , people of the world , who had already “ progressed ” were collectively already destroying their future .
The bellowing industrial carbon dioxide had already made the planet into a hot green house and punched a hole in the protective ozone layer .
Heat could not escape and ultraviolet rays rushed in , unhindered .
I stepped out of the air conditioned training building during the lunch break .
Hot gale of dust slapped my face ; my eye lids squinted .
Blistering hot wind puffed up my loose white shirt and scalded my torso .
My skin felt every degree of the 49 Celsius ( 120 degrees F ) and oozed beads of sweat in mild protest .
The climate change may have already started .
The crop sustaining monsoon had not arrived yet and prediction was dire for this year .
Poor farmers treaded on cracked , excoriated , water starved scabrous land .
With no crops , bearable hunger would become starvation ; disease and death would flourish .
Scientists had predicted , with rising temperature of the Arabian ocean , the southwest monsoon will diminish and the life sustaining water downpour from the skies may disappear from India in 150 years .
The heat of it all made me dream of cool Alaska , where I was supposed to go on a planned trip a day later .
I took off from scorching Lucknow the next day and after 48 hours of flights , airports transits and a boat ride , I was amidst the icy glaciers .
In a short time , I had traversed oceans and continents over more than half the globe – from flat land to undulating hills , from prickly heat to cool breeze , from parched farms to a foggy ocean .
From Lucknow to Alaska – it was surreal .
And here I was : confronting a ‘ sky scrapper ’ of ice on the northern point of Glacier Bay .
The majestic , thousands year old , mountain of snow reflected sun light in blue streaks from its crevices as a trickle of melting ice played a metallic sound in the background .
Yes , the glacier was melting , and at an alarming rate .
Here too , summer had taken its toll ; mounds of ice had fallen off and floated next to our boat .
The carbon dioxide of ‘ progress ’ was melting Alaska , as it was heating Lucknow .
I googled .
“ Alaska ’s climate has warmed about 4 °F since the 1950 ’s and 7 °F in the interior during winter .
The state experienced a 30 % average increase in precipitation between 1968 and 1990 .
The growing season has lengthened by two weeks .
Sea ice has retreated by 14 % since 1978 and thinned by 60 % since the 1960s with widespread effects on marine ecosystems , coastal climate , and human settlements .
Permafrost melting has caused erosion , landslides and damaged infrastructure in central and southern Alaska .
Recent warming has been accompanied by “ unprecedented increases in forest disturbances , including insect attacks .
A sustained infestation of spruce bark beetles , which in the past have been limited by cold , has caused widespread tree deaths over 2.3 million acres on the Kenai Peninsula since 1992 , the largest loss to insects ever recorded in North America ” ( US Global Change Research Program , National Assessment , 2001 ) . ( http://www.alaskaclimatechange.org/ )
“ The impacts of climate warming in Alaska are already occurring .
These impacts include coastal erosion , increased storm effects , sea ice retreat and permafrost melt .
The villages of Shishmaref , Kivalina , and Newtok have already begun relocation plans .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has identified over 160 additional rural communities threatened by erosion .
Click here to see photographs of some of the Alaska climate change issues . ” ( http://www.climatechange.alaska.gov/ )
Besides unforeseen complex ecological effects , climate change would impact human health .
While some of this impact may be beneficial – like hampering the viability of disease - transmitting mosquitoes – most of the effect would be harmful .
WHO estimated that in 2000 , climate change caused 2.4 percent of diarrhea in the world and 6 percent malaria in the middle income countries .
As temperate regions become warmer , seasonality of diseases like dengue , malaria and food poisoning may change .
For example , natives in Alaska , who have traditionally used underground permafrost for food storage , will be vulnerable to food poisoning as permafrost warms up .
Climate affects our health in diverse ways as the following diagram shows :
http://www.who.int/globalchange/climate/en/
The world temperature has increased by 0.6 degrees in the last century .
Lately it has been increasing at a faster pace .
Approximately two - thirds of the increase has occurred since 1975 and this trend will escalate in the coming century .
We are damaging – probably irreversibly – the protective ‘ wrap ’ under which we have thrived since the last ice age .
We are attacking earth ’s ecological system with multiple human weapons : emissions , pollutants , overgrazing , animal slaughter and misuse of water .
Rising sea levels , population displacement , food shortage , economic disruption and ensuing civil conflict will add sickness burden and cause new public health problems .
Boating through the thawing icy cliffs of Alaska I had forgotten Lucknow for a moment .
And then my phone rang : Puja , our resident poet , had been rushed to a hospital with a suspected heat stroke .
Mountains and men are vulnerable when the nature roars in heat .
Separated by thousands of miles , Lucknow and Alaska live under the same polluted sky .
The world may not be connected in harmony but we are in it together for foreboding disaster .
One had to relive eighth grade .
Another grew a beard so long and unruly it became more famous than its wearer .
Yet another got to meet Richard Simmons on a cruise ship and was ranted at by a whole raft of motivational speakers .
They ’re not professional pranksters , exactly , but the authors of what might be called gimmick books -- memoirs with premises so high - concept they could come from Hollywood pitch meetings :
This year , I will take all of my instruction from self - help gurus .
Or , this month , I will be radically honest with everyone I meet .
Or , today I will try to behave exactly like George Washington , genteel bow , Dudley Do-Right walk and all .
The last few years have also seen many green - themed gimmick books , including Colin Beavan ’s new “ No Impact Man : The Adventures of a Guilty Liberal Who Attempts to Save the Planet and the Discoveries He Makes About Himself and Our Way of Life in the Process . ”
Gimmicky or not , some have been fabulously successful , and as it gets harder to break into print , the category remains one that publishers invest in .
“ The difference between an organizing principle and a gimmick is a very thin line , ” says veteran publishing observer Sara Nelson .
“ Most books need an organizing principle -- memoirs , especially :
It makes the writing and reading of the book easier and more enjoyable .
When that principle is so rigidly constructed , the reader can feel it ’s not authentic . ”
The king of the Gimmick Book is Esquire magazine writer A.J. Jacobs .
The title of his forthcoming book -- “ The Guinea Pig Diaries : My Life as an Experiment ” -- gets at his approach .
The New York - based Jacobs , whose nasally voice has been compared to Arnold Horshack ’s from “ Welcome Back , Kotter , ” swears he ’s not a cynical opportunist .
“ The key is that the topic has to be fascinating to me , ” said Jacobs , 41 .
“ I have to have real passion .
I am a writer and this is what I do , so it has to be interesting to readers .
But it has to have stakes for me . ”
Whatever the motivation , Jacobs ’ new book seems essentially comic .
By contrast , Robin Hemley kicks off his recent book with quotes from Hans Christian Andersen and Walter Benjamin .
They ’re pretty heavy names to invoke for a book -- entitled “ Do Over ! ” -- in which a 48 - year - old man relives kindergarten and summer camp , and even attends prom .
But he ’s after something serious .
“ Everyone has regrets from childhood they ’d like to reexamine , ” Hemley says .
“ I was n’t trying to change the past , but to change my sense of it . ”
Five decades ago , George Plimpton suited up with the Detroit Lions and went a few rounds with light - heavyweight champ Archie Moore .
In books like “ Paper Lion : Confessions of a Last - String Quarterback , ” from 1966 , he helped establish what some call “ participatory journalism . ”
He ’s also one of Jacobs ’ literary idols .
“ I ’m not a big athlete , so I never went that route , ” he says .
“ What interests me is social interaction , knowledge and religion , so I try to adapt Plimpton ’s method .
It ’s not physically demanding -- I ’m not going to get punched in the face -- but it can be socially dangerous and intellectually dangerous .
It can ruin my life in other ways . ”
Jacobs scored hits with “ The Know - It - All : One Man ’s Humble Quest to Become the Smartest Person in the World ” and “ The Year of Living Biblically : One Man ’s Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible . ”
The first book , from 2004 , had him reading the entire Encyclopedia Britannica , while the second , published in 2007 , required him to purge his wardrobe of mixed fabrics , refrain from touching women ( including his wife ) during menstruation and to stone adulterers .
In the new book , he experiments with “ radical honesty ” -- which involves , among other things , insulting his mother - in - law over a gift and telling a business associate that he was hoping to get her into bed .
The revival of Plimpton - like stunts may come from a dynamic in publishing :
The contemporary memoir -- with its stew of drug abuse , incest , abject poverty and mental illness -- has become so grizzly that only the most harrowing childhood seems suitable for recounting .
“ Poor Frank McCourt , ” Nelson says , “ would n’t get published today , I ’d bet . ”
The dreary Irish childhood recounted in “ Angela ’s Ashes , ” from 1996 , “ was pretty horrific , but in an old - fashioned way .
Readers have been desensitized to that . ”
Hemley thinks part of the durability of the high - concept genre comes from the unmasking of drug - and - poverty memoirs -- by James Frey , Margaret B. Jones and others -- as fakes .
“ We ’re hearing about all of these memoirs whose facts are contested , ” he says .
“ Here ’s a form that ’s quite verifiable .
I can verify anything that ’s in here . ”
Many high - concept projects see strong sales -- Jacobs ’ books have sold more than half a million copies -- and continue to be successful : “ Julie & Julia ” ( 2005 ) , in which a young woman aims to cook all of Julia Child ’s classic recipes , became the basis for the recent hit Meryl Streep film .
But the movement certainly has its critics .
In a now infamous New York Times Book Review assessment of “ The Know - It - All , ” Joe Queenan called Jacobs ’ book “ corny , juvenile , smug , tired ” and Jacobs both “ a jackass ” and “ a poor man ’s Dave Barry ; no , a bag person ’s Dave Barry . ”
Steve Almond has dubbed the genre -- in a review of Beth Lisick ’s “ Helping Me Help Myself ” -- “ shtick lit . ”
Sometimes , however , a shtick is not just a shtick .
Nelson aimed to give her own 2003 book , “ So Many Books , So Little Time ” -- in which she read a book a week -- “ a narrative flow , ” to make it “ like a novel , where the character goes somewhere . ”
Says Hemley : “ If there is a serious center , some emotional power , to the book . . . it ’s much more than a stunt .
It ’s something I call the ‘ immersion memoir , ’ going a bit outside yourself , using the outside world as a catalyst . ”
He praises Barbara Ehrenreich ’s maid - chronicle “ Nickel and Dimed ” and Ted Conover ’s “ Newjack : Guarding Sing Sing . ”
Still , how long can publishers support this combination of stunt journalism and personal exposure ?
Jacobs jokes that the genre could experience the same kind of escalation that the grisly - childhood memoir went through : “ I ’ll have to die and go into the afterlife , and write about heaven or hell -- whichever one is more interesting . ”
Every trend , after all , fades out .
“ This cycle has to end somewhere too , ” Nelson says .
“ I do n’t know what will come next .
What happens in publishing is , ‘ This worked , let ’s do more of this . ’
Then , it ’s ‘ That ’s so five seconds ago . ’ ”
Jacobs himself hopes the Gimmick Book movement keeps rolling , at least long enough for his next book , in which he tries to become the world ’s healthiest man .
“ I feel lucky about being able to make a living this way , ” Jacobs says .
“ It ’s like going to school your whole life , getting crash courses on these really interesting topics .
If I ever get bored , we ’re in trouble . ”
scott-timberg.blogspot.com
Cisco already had it ’s underlying technology of WiMAX with their previous acquisition of Navini Networks and involvement with Service Provider Clearwire , Cisco now plans to explore and play in the LTE space .
Why ? —
LTE is one of several all - IP radio access technologies that will enable the Mobile Internet .
The others include HSPA and EV - DO for paired licensed spectrum , WiMAX for unpaired licensed spectrum , and Wi-Fi in the unlicensed bands .
LTE is being developed as part of an industry - wide effort to stay ahead of the tremendous growth in mobile data traffic .
LTE is an Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access ( OFDMA ) - based radio access technology that has been highly optimized for packet traffic .
The Serving Gateway ( SGW ) will be primarily tasked with issues related to micro-mobility and the PDN gateway is the IP point - of - attachment for mobile users .
Cisco will be building both Serving and PDN gateways .
Cisco , today , offers a mobile gateway on its 7600 series routers by way of the Service and Application Module for IP ( SAMI ) .
But they will not be LTE gateway capable until LTE - specific software is available for it .
Whatever the case is , Cisco calls themselves LTE Ready , though their SAMI is incomplete solution .
Senior director of Worldwide SP marketing at Cisco , Nagesh , does n’t yet tell when that will be , but he added that it will be in early field trials with mobile operators later this year .
That ai n’t all , Cisco plans to offer a “ LTE readiness assessment service ” to integrate its gateway with a packet data node ( PDN ) and mobility management entity ( MME ) , which forms the ControlPlane for wireless access .
Cisco will supply the LTE gateway and PDN ( 7600 router ) , but rely on third - party LTE RAN vendors for the MME .
The result will be a “ single , unified LTE solution ” pulled together by Cisco , Nagesh says : “ We wo n’t just go as a ( LTE ) gateway . ”
Cisco ’s interest and imminent involvement in LTE does not conflict with its immersion in WiMAX .
“ Our strategy is to be radio aware , or agnostic , ” Nagesh claims .
Cisco is currently experimenting a femtocell solution with Big - fish and we should see an announcement soon on Cisco ’s overall strategy .
It will mesh with the vendor ’s connected home / connected business initiatives to support unified communications , video and collaboration applications — e.g. a coverage augmentation for Cisco ’s Telepresence , Unified communications WebEx Connect offering .
The current 4G plan can blend into Cisco ’s femtocell strategy .
As per cisco :
“ We believe each technology has a role to play .
WiMAX is ahead since it was built end - to - end IP .
But Clearwire is building a lot of LTE capabilities even though the RAN is WiMAX .
It does n’t matter if it ’s WiMAX or LTE on the RAN side .
How will operators make money out of their spectrum assets ?
The challenge of figuring out the business model is still at play . ” •
In the future we plan to allow our mobile gateway applications to be more easily ported onto service modules that run on a variety of our high - end edge routers .
This gives operators far more flexibility in their choice of a platform to host the gateway function .
•
We are announcing our intention to develop LTE gateway functionality .
We will support operators that are migrating from a CDMA environment as well as those migrating from a GSM / UMTS environment .
Our plan is to develop both Serving and PDN gateways .
Our gateways will be built on the SAMI module , the only shipping LTE - ready platform in the industry .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 8.5/10 ( 2 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : 0 ( from 0 votes )
A rotating skyscraper that is to be built in Dubai and powered by a series of 79 horizontal wind turbines .
An Italian architect said he is poised to start construction on the new skyscraper that will be " the world 's first building in motion , " an 80 - story tower with revolving floors that give it an ever - shifting shape .
Solar photovoltaic ink on the roof of each floor will supply further renewable energy to this building , which is just one of a new generation of so - called ' eco skyscrapers '
Photograph : Dynamic Architecture / AP
If you have to take a quick break from reading this article to check your Blackberry , send a text or reboot your Xbox 360 before you reach the end of this paragraph , then the good news is that help is at hand .
reSTART has been opened outside Seattle , the rain - soaked north - western town where high - tech companies are as common as cattle are in Texas .
It claims to be America 's first residential detox centre for internet addicts .
For a little over $ 14,000 , up to six people at a time can spend 45 days sweating out their insatiable urge to be umbilically connected to cyberspace .
Think cold turkey as experienced by heroin junkies , and you get the general idea .
Residents are given counselling and psychotherapy , as well as encouraged to bond as a group in activities such as household chores , walks in the grounds and exercising .
The centre , in five acres about 30 miles out of Seattle , is the brainchild of Hilarie Cash , a therapist who had until this summer been treating patients with presumed internet addiction but only on a day - by - day basis .
She recorded her first case in 1994 , with a patient so glued to video games that he forfeited his marriage and two jobs .
Cash points out that though countries such as China , South Korea and Taiwan have places that cyber addicts can seek help , America has been slow to recognise the condition .
ReSTART offers anyone who suspects they are suffering from internet addiction the opportunity to test the hypothesis with a behavioural survey which , helpfully , can be completed via the internet .
Question 12 , for example , asks : " Are you experiencing chronic exhaustion due to lack of sleep , weight gain from lack of exercise , poor general health from poor nutrition , or other physical health problem due to excessive internet use or video gaming ? "
Ben Alexander was one of the centre 's first residents .
He told Associated Press that he needed to break free from a cycle of playing the video game World of Warcraft , which used to absorb almost his every waking minute .
Now 19 , he started playing the game when he was a first - year student at Iowa University .
" At first it was a couple of hours a day .
By midway through the first semester , I was playing 16 or 17 hours a day , " he said .
By comparison to the whizz - bang on the screen in front of him , the social life at university seemed extraordinarily dull .
He came to see the game as an " easy way to socialise and meet people " – cyber though it was .
Alexander eventually quit the university and sought help with his gaming .
" I do n't think I 'll go back to World of Warcraft any time soon , " he said .
What 's hot off the presses come Thursday ?
Any one of the more than 2 million books old enough to fall out of copyright into the public domain .
Over the last seven years , Google has scanned millions of dusty tomes from deep in the stacks of the nation 's leading university libraries and turned them into searchable documents available anywhere in the world through its search box .
And now Google Book Search , in partnership with On Demand Books , is letting readers turn those digital copies back into paper copies , individually printed by bookstores around the world .
Or at least by those booksellers that have ordered its $ 100,000 Espresso Book Machine , which cranks out a 300 page gray - scale book with a color cover in about 4 minutes , at a cost to the bookstore of about $ 3 for materials .
The machine prints the pages , binds them together perfectly , and then cuts the book to size and then dumps a book out , literally hot off the press , with a satisfying clunk .
( The company says a machine can print about 60,000 books a year . )
That means you can stop into the Northshire Bookstore in Manchester , Vermont , and for less than $ 10 , custom - order your own copy of Dame Curtsey 's Book of Candy Making , the third edition of which was published in 1920 and which can only be found online for $ 47.00 used .
Dane Neller , On Demand Books CEO , says the announcement flips book distribution on its head .
" We believe this is a revolution , " Neller said .
" Content retrieval is now centralized and production is decentralized . "
Neller said the deal was clearly about the long tail of books , a reference to Wired magazine 's Editor - in - Chief Chris Anderson 's theory that hits become less important when distribution costs drop .
One of the main benefits , according to Neller , is letting local book stores compete with Amazon.com by reducing their need to have expensive inventory .
Other current retailers include the University of Michigan Shapiro Library Building in Ann Arbor ; the Blackwell Bookshop in London ; the Bibliotheca Alexandrina in Alexandria , Egypt ; the University of Alberta Bookstore in Edmonton , Canada ; and Angus & Robertson Bookstore in Melbourne , Australia .
The company hopes to sell 60 more printers in the next year , bringing the number of machines globally to about 90 .
On Demand Books suggests that book stores price the books at about $ 8 , leaving retailers with a $ 3 profit after both Google and On Demand Books collect a buck - a- book fee .
Google plans to donate its share to a yet - unspecified charity , which might be a reaction to its messy legal and public policy fight over a copyright settlement that covers books that are still in copyright .
( All the books that are being added to On Demand Books repertoire in this agreement are out of copyright in the country where it will be printed . )
Starting Sept. 29 , Bostonians can stop in the privately owned Harvard Bookstore in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and have their books printed in front of them .
Or they can order it over the phone and have the store deliver it — by bicycle .
There 's a certain irony to that , too , according to Google spokeswoman Jennie Johnson , since the bookstore is right next to Harvard 's library , one of the libraries that partnered with Google to turn its millions of books into an online library of the future .
" Most people ca n't get into the Harvard Library , but you can print their books next door , " Johnson said .
Or put another way , On Demand Books is betting that in the future , every old book will have 15 readers .
What 's of interest in these old books ?
Plenty , according to Google .
One knitter discovered a long - lost book about knitting , and recreated the heirloom pieces and even built a loom from a long - lost design .
Another reader , who works with subsistence farmers in Africa , currently uses PDFs of old farming techniques to teach still - relevant skills .
Google already uses the public - domain books in search results , and users can read those books in full online and even download them as PDFs for free .
Neither Neller or Johnson cared to speculate on how many of these books they expect to sell , but Johnson says some 80 percent of the public - domain books are looked at in a given month .
Unfortunately , it 's unlikely that the number of public domain books will grow larger anytime soon , since Congress added two decades to existing copyright protection in 1999 .
Copyright , which originally lasts about 14 years , now extends to the life of an author plus 70 years for newly created works .
As for their quality ?
They feel like a typical paperback , and are printed using typical 20 - or 24 - pound paper , with heavier stock for the inkjet - printed cover , which currently all share one design .
While turning bits back into paper seems a bit of a stretch for Google , Johnson said it fits with the company 's goal of organizing the world 's information .
" We think people should be able to find and read these books , " Johnson said .
" We do n't care how people end up reading them . "
Neller said he'd love to see the day when Google Book Searchers can press a button next to a search result and find the closest local printer , but Google says that 's a long way off .
So for now , book buyers of the future who want to buy books from the past will need to walk to a bookstore — or get Harvard Bookstore to use the bicycle , a 19th - century invention , to bring them a book printed with 21st - century technology .
Photos : PrintOnDemand Espresso printer , image courtesy PrintOnDemand .
Printed Books from Google 's Book Search , Wired.com / John Snyder
See Also :
How to Make a Rabbit Skin Blanket
by Bob Gillis and Judy Gillis
" First , I want to tell you how wonderful the finished blanket is : it is extremely luxurious , light weight ( 4 lbs ) and yet exceedingly warm , soft , and supple .
We consider this blanket one of our most prized possessions .
You feel like you 're snuggling up with 50 soft , cuddly rabbits whenever you want .
If you choose to make one you will not regret it . "
Materials needed :
50 rabbit skins
250 feet cotton cordage
Spindle to hold wound furs
4 lengths of 2 inch diameter wood for the frame ( two 4 foot lengths and two 5.5 foot lengths ) and strong cordage to lash the frame together .
1 ) Obtain hides .
Use raw jack rabbit hides or tanned rabbit hides
Tanned rabbit skin hides can be ordered through http://www.chichesterinc.com: phone 800-206-6544 , price $ 1.50 each ( as of January 3 , 2003 ) plus shipping .
2 ) We used 50 tanned rabbit hides to make the 3 feet by 4.5 feet blanket photographed in this article .
3 ) Mark your hides into a spiral from the center outward to the edge that is 1 inch wide .
4 ) Using a utility knife to cut the hides .
Hold the hide off the table to avoid cutting off fur .
5 ) Attach the fur to something that you will wind the twisted fur onto .
We used a plastic spindle made for a large electrical cord , but a 2 foot section of a 2 inch diameter branch would do .
6 ) Attach your spindle to an object to hold it tight .
We pinched it inside a drawer .
7 ) Now twist the fur strips , folding them in half , fur side out , and roll them up onto the spindle .
8 ) Join the strips by cutting a small 3 / 4 inch slit in both ends of each strip of fur , one inch from the ends of the strip .
Slip one end of the untwisted strip of fur into the slit through the twisted strip of fur .
Pull the untwisted strip through its own slit and pull tight .
This will lock the two strips together .
9 ) Continue joining and twisting your skins until all skins are completed .
10 ) Now build a frame out of 2 inch diameter branches or 2 inch by 2 inch lumber that are at least 4 feet by 5.5 feet .
Use strong cordage to bind each corner of the frame .
11 ) Attach one end of your twisted and joined hides with a cordage to one of the 4 foot side of your frame .
12 ) Wrap the twisted hides around and around the two shorter sides of the frame until all hides are wound onto the frame .
13 ) Now starting at the bottom of the frame , using cotton cordage , TWINE the fur strips together every 1.5 inches from left to right ( or right to left ) .
We used a length of cordage that was approximately 18 feet long .
Starting from the left hand side of the frame tie the middle of this cordage onto the first strip of fur .
Then twist the cordage once around itself on the other side of the first strip .
Then weave in and out of each fur wrapping the cordage around itself before and after each strip of fur .
Tie off the cordage ends to the fur strip at the far side of the frame .
Now , repeat this twining every 1.5 inches until you reach the top .
This twining is very important .
If you were to simply weave the cordage it would not stay put nor would it hold the strips in a uniform twisted shape .
14 ) Remove from the frame and enjoy !
Compared to a wool blanket , a rabbit blanket is surprisingly warm : being about 1 " thick rather than a wool blanket which is most often quite thin .
Warmth in thickness .
The photo below ( from the book The Native Americans by Colin F. Taylor ) is of an authentic rabbit skin blanket .
For more information on making a rabbit skin blanket out of raw jack rabbit hides , see the book entitled , Survival Arts of the Primitive Paiutes , by Margaret M. Wheat ( pages 75 - 77 ) .
Jimmy George ( Paiute ) demonstates the process of skinning , twisting , and twining together the long spiral strips of raw rabbit pelts .
Also , read the e-mail response by Susan Witmore pertaining to questions on the use of raw jack rabbit hides to make a rabbit skin blanket .
E-mail your comments to " Bob Gillis " at bob@shelter-systems.com
BAGHDAD , Aug. 27 ( UPI ) --
Recent events in Iraq have cast a pall over the government 's plans to have a November auction for potentially lucrative oil contracts that are vital for the country 's reconstruction .
The surge in violence of the last few weeks , political uncertainty caused by this week 's breakup of the ruling Shiite coalition and Iraqis ' refusal to give Big Oil the terms it wants are likely to drive off the international companies that see the country 's untapped reserves as the big prize .
Advertisement
Iraq 's oil reserves total an estimated 115 billion barrels , ranked third after Saudi Arabia and Iran .
But it is believed that there may be as much again in untapped reserves , which would give Iraq the largest reserves in the world .
With the rest of the Middle East closed to foreign ownership and the world 's energy reserves shrinking , no other new fields of any significance are likely to emerge .
So Iraq could be the last frontier .
Iraq had its first oil field contract auction in June in Baghdad .
It was a flop for all concerned .
The oil companies that participated wanted more for every barrel they produced than Iraq was prepared to offer .
Result :
The oil majors snubbed all but one of the eight contracts on the table , and Iraq did not secure the deals it needed to acquire billions of dollars in investment to upgrade its long - neglected oil industry .
BP and the China National Petroleum Corp. won the contract for the Rumailah field in southern Iraq , but only by agreeing to cut their fees after development costs to $ 2 a barrel instead of the $ 3.99 they demanded .
Advertisement
All the other majors -- Exxon Mobil , Royal Dutch Shell and Chevron Corp. among them -- refused to lower their demands .
The government too refused to budge .
The June auction involved only established fields , where the Iraqis want to crank up production as soon as possible .
The upcoming round will be radically different .
It will focus primarily on six partly developed fields and four undeveloped " green field " zones .
These reportedly include Majnoon , Iraq 's largest undeveloped field .
Iraqi officials unveiled the next round for some 45 prequalified companies in Istanbul Tuesday .
The Iraqis say they have lowered their fees and that contracts can be signed before the country has parliamentary elections scheduled for January .
" We expect a better match between our expectations and what the companies will bid in the second round , " Iraqi Oil Minister Hussain al - Shahristani said in Istanbul .
The companies allowed to bid include BP , Exxon Mobil , Chevron , ENI SpA of Italy , Gazprom of Russia , Total SA of France and Turkey 's state energy company Turkiye Petrolleri AO .
But recent developments in Iraq have produced a situation that is more fraught with danger and uncertainty than existed in June , and analysts say this could have an impact on the bidding .
U.S. forces have withdrawn from Baghdad and other urban areas , leaving Iraq 's nascent post - Saddam Hussein armed forces responsible for security .
The results have been calamitous .
Hundreds of people have been slaughtered in a wave of suicide bombings with which the Iraqi forces have been unable to cope .
A new scourge of sectarian bloodletting is threatened .
Advertisement
The oil and gas industry , Iraq 's economic mainstay , is a clear target : Destroying pipelines and other facilities , particularly if in foreign hands , would shut down much of the economy .
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki is increasingly beleaguered as the U.S. withdrawal proceeds .
Shiite political factions that were key members of his coalition have abandoned him and formed a new alliance to run against him in the January elections .
The most notable are the Iranian - backed Supreme Iraqi Islamic Council and the bloc headed by firebrand cleric Moqtada Sadr .
This has raised the prospect of a sharp increase in Iranian influence in Baghdad just as U.S. forces are withdrawing and could possibly point to a new oil policy .
An Iranian hand on Iraq 's oil wealth would give Tehran control of a fearsome amount of the world 's oil supply , surpassing even Saudi Arabia 's reserves .
That could scare off potential Western investors already chastened by U.S. sanctions against the Islamic Republic and heighten tension with Washington .
The defections leave Maliki , who rose to power in 2006 , increasingly isolated and undermine his efforts to portray himself as the nation 's security bulwark at a time when it is clear his forces are n't yet capable to protecting the country .
If the new alliance wins in January , it would be the most pro-Iranian government that has emerged since Saddam Hussein was toppled in 2003 and seriously reduce U.S. influence .
None of this is likely to convince Big Oil that it has a future in the new Iraq .
Four friends / fledgling entrepreneurs , knowing that there 's something bigger and more innovative than the different error - checking devices they 've built , wrestle over their new invention .
After a bizarre encounter at a party with a stranger , a jazz saxophonist is framed for the murder of his wife and sent to prison , where he inexplicably morphs into a young mechanic , gets released , and begins leading a new life .
Mourning his dead child , a haunted Vietnam War veteran attempts to uncover his past while suffering from a severe case of dissociation .
To do so , he must decipher reality and life from his own dreams , delusions , and perceptions of death .
After a car wreck on the winding Mulholland Drive renders a woman amnesiac , she and a perky Hollywood - hopeful search for clues and answers across Los Angeles in a twisting venture beyond dreams and reality .
The discovery of a severed human ear found in a field leads a young man on an investigation related to a beautiful , mysterious nightclub singer and a group of psychopathic criminals who have kidnapped her child .
Henry Spencer tries to survive his industrial environment , his angry girlfriend , and the unbearable screams of his newly born mutant child .
As a modern - day scientist , Tommy is struggling with mortality , desperately searching for the medical breakthrough that will save the life of his cancer - stricken wife , Izzi .
In NYC's Chinatown , recluse math genius Max ( Sean Gullette ) believes " everything can be understood in terms of numbers , " and he looks for a pattern in the system as he suffers headaches , plays
Go with former teacher Sol Robeson ( Mark Margolis ) , and fools around with an advanced computer system he 's built in his apartment .
Both a Wall Street company and a Hasidic sect take an interest in his work , but he 's distracted by blackout attacks , hallucinations , and paranoid delusions ..
Did You Know ?
Trivia Michael Drosnin has a theory that if the Biblical Text is put through a computer and letters are selected at certain regular intervals , a decoded message emerges that predicts the future .
Skeptics observe that he keeps trying it until it appears to work .
This is a modern sophistication of a hobby that Isaac Newton sometimes indulged in , finding mathematically hidden messages in the Bible .
Michael Drosnin has a theory that if the Biblical Text is put through a computer and letters are selected at certain regular intervals , a decoded message emerges that predicts the future .
Skeptics observe that he keeps trying it until it appears to work .
This is a modern sophistication of a hobby that Isaac Newton sometimes indulged in , finding mathematically hidden messages in the Bible .
See more
Goofs
When Lenny Meyer saves
Max from the Stock Market people , there is a brief shot of Farroukh swinging the baseball bat at them .
This is because originally Farroukh , or at least Farroukh and Lenny together , was supposed to save Max .
When Lenny Meyer saves Max from the Stock Market people , there is a brief shot of Farroukh swinging the baseball bat at them .
This is because originally Farroukh , or at least Farroukh and Lenny together , was supposed to save Max .
See more
Quotes [ first lines ]
: 9:13 , Personal note :
When I was a little kid my mother told me not to stare into the sun .
So once when I was six I did .
The doctors did n't know if my eyes would ever heal .
I was terrified , alone in that darkness .
Slowly , daylight crept in through the bandages , and I could see .
But something else had changed inside of me .
That day I had my first headache .
See more » Maximillian Cohen : 9:13 , Personal note :
When I was a little kid my mother told me not to stare into the sun .
So once when I was six I did .
The doctors did n't know if my eyes would ever heal .
I was terrified , alone in that darkness .
Slowly , daylight crept in through the bandages , and I could see .
But something else had changed inside of me .
That day I had my first headache .
Crazy Credits
In the original script , the man seen singing on the subway was referred to as the " Moustache Man " .
But since the part went to the clean - shaven
In the original script , the man seen singing on the subway was referred to as the " Moustache Man " .
But since the part went to the clean - shaven Stanley B. Herman , the final movie credits list him as " Moustacheless Man " .
See more
Alternate Versions
The DVD also contains a 2 - minute test of the " Snorricam " with Guillete walking on the street and through a market .
The " Snorricam " is the camera used in Pi which follows Max from head on , with his orientation always in the center .
Also , it contains a small scene with Max playing with Jenna 's Slinky .
Other extra 's inclued a music video and a behind the scenes look .
The DVD also contains a 2 - minute test of the " Snorricam " with Guillete walking on the street and through a market .
The " Snorricam " is the camera used in Pi which follows Max from head on , with his orientation always in the center .
Also , it contains a small scene with Max playing with Jenna 's Slinky .
Other extra 's inclued a music video and a behind the scenes look .
See more
An undated photo shows the Maltese - registered , Finnish - chartered cargo vessel Arctic Sea that mysteriously disappeared last month and was found off Cape Verde on Monday .
( ( Sovfracht / Reuters ) )
Eight men have been arrested in connection with the hijacking of a Russian - manned freighter that was forced to sail from Scandinavia to West Africa , Russia 's defence minister said Tuesday .
The suspected hijackers — citizens of Estonia , Latvia and Russia — were arrested without incident by the Russian navy after it found the Arctic Sea Monday off Cape Verde , thousands of kilometres from the Algerian port where it was supposed to dock two weeks ago , Anatoly Serdyukov said in Moscow .
It is still unclear why the Arctic Sea , an 18 - year - old ship with a cargo of timber worth $ 2.2 million , was seized .
Its disappearance had perplexed experts and officials across Europe .
Serdyukov recounted for reporters what the 15 - member Russian crew and owner of the Arctic Sea told officials .
The freighter left the Finnish port of Pietarsaari on July 21 .
On July 30 , Swedish police said the ship 's owner had reported it was boarded by masked men on July 24 near the Swedish island of Gotland .
The invaders reportedly had tied up the crew members , beat them , claimed they were looking for drugs , and then sped off about 12 hours later in an inflatable craft .
The hijackers reportedly got aboard under the pretext that there was a problem with their inflatable craft .
The hijackers , who were armed , then forced the crew to change course and turned off the Arctic Sea 's navigation equipment .
Almost four decades after the last £ 10 Pom set sail for Australia , STA Travel is releasing a limited number of flights to Oz for a tenner to a new generation of British migrants on working holidays .
The promotion , in association with Tourism Australia and Qantas , offers one - way tickets to five Australian cities - Sydney , Melbourne , Perth , Brisbane and Adelaide - to anyone with a valid Working Holiday Visa ( WHV ) .
But unlike the original scheme , which subsidised the travel of around one million British migrants between 1945 and 1972 , there are only 150 tickets available on a first - come - first - serve basis at selected branches of STA .
According to the Australian Department of Immigration and Citizenships , there has been a 21 % increase in the number of WHVs granted over the past year to 34,673 .
The visas are available to British citizens aged 18 -30 .
The tickets go on sale at 8 am on 5 August in Belfast , London ( Victoria ) , Bristol , Manchester , Birmingham , Leeds and Southampton and include all taxes and charges .
Return flights are bookable through STA at a special promotional rate through Qantas .
All you 've gotta do is plug that iPhone 3G or 3GS into iTunes , run the teensiest of updates , restart the phone , and you can at last make that fashionably late entrance into the 21st century you 've always dreamed of .
That 's right folks , MMS on the iPhone is live on AT&T at last .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
" Look at where we live ! " Billie Joe Armstrong , the frontman of Oakland pop-punk veteran Green Day , exclaimed Tuesday night at the Forum , where he spent considerable time extolling the virtues of life in California after spending two months on the road .
The show capped the band 's North American tour in support of its latest album , " 21st Century Breakdown , " the follow - up to its Grammy winning epic " American Idiot . "
" We 've just gotta get rid of Arnold Schwarzenegger , " Armstrong continued , riling the already enthusiastic crowd .
" We 're bankrupt !
But tonight we 're not bankrupt of hope , or of belief . "
At the Forum , business in belief was booming .
Over three action - packed hours , Green Day proved that the arena - rock concert -- usually a venue for chest - beating bravado and shallow bombast -- can be a meaningful experience , an opportunity for a band with something to say , to say it .
Not that Armstrong and his bandmates are uninterested in chest - beating bravado and shallow bombast : During " Brain Stew , " the singer soaked fans near the stage with an oversized water gun , then traded up to an air - powered T - shirt launcher , sending free Green Day merchandise rocketing into the cheap seats .
( He did this while wearing a pair of felt bunny ears offered up by an audience member . )
And though Armstrong announced early on that he viewed the show as an in - the - moment repudiation of our increasing addiction to television , computers and cellphones , the production featured no shortage of high - tech stagecraft , including a video - screen backdrop and columns of color - coordinated fire .
Yet the soul of Tuesday 's concert was the band 's message of secular humanism in an age of " static and contraband " as Armstrong sang in " Song of the Century . "
Green Day 's transformation into a thoughtful political outfit has perhaps come as a surprise to the band 's old - school fans , who remember when Armstrong was better known for his depictions of the young and the listless .
But George W. Bush 's presidency radicalized Armstrong , and since then he 's used Green Day 's music to poke at power and to sketch out a democratic ideal he refers to in the new album 's " Know Your Enemy " as a " choir infantry . "
Democracy took real - life form several times Tuesday , when Armstrong pulled fans onstage to sing " Longview " and play guitar on " Jesus of Suburbia . "
Punk groups often talk about breaking down the barrier between performer and spectator ; Green Day actually did it .
Punk groups do n't often talk about wanting to sound like the E Street Band , but Green Day did that too , sweetening its attack with the help of three auxiliary musicians , who added keyboards , saxophone and thick vocal harmonies to music that somehow retained a breakneck propulsion .
Near the end of the show -- which Glasgow 's Franz Ferdinand opened with a tidy 35 - minute set of taut disco-rock -- the band paid homage to a series of other influences in a rapid - fire medley containing snippets of songs by the Doors , the Isley Brothers and the Rolling Stones .
The bit served to illustrate Green Day 's admirably open - armed approach , but it also underscored the group 's new belief in public service :
Here was one of the world 's most popular rock bands acting as a humble jukebox for 18,000 or so screaming Southern Californians .
-- Mikael Wood
Photo credit : Getty Images
Scientists are to outline dramatic evidence that global warming threatens the planet in a new and unexpected way – by triggering earthquakes , tsunamis , avalanches and volcanic eruptions .
Reports by international groups of researchers – to be presented at a London conference next week – will show that climate change , caused by rising outputs of carbon dioxide from vehicles , factories and power stations , will not only affect the atmosphere and the sea but will alter the geology of the Earth .
Melting glaciers will set off avalanches , floods and mud flows in the Alps and other mountain ranges ; torrential rainfall in the UK is likely to cause widespread erosion ; while disappearing Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets threaten to let loose underwater landslides , triggering tsunamis that could even strike the seas around Britain .
At the same time the disappearance of ice caps will change the pressures acting on the Earth 's crust and set off volcanic eruptions across the globe .
Life on Earth faces a warm future – and a fiery one .
" Not only are the oceans and atmosphere conspiring against us , bringing baking temperatures , more powerful storms and floods , but the crust beneath our feet seems likely to join in too , " said Professor Bill McGuire , director of the Benfield Hazard Research Centre , at University College London ( UCL ) .
" Maybe the Earth is trying to tell us something , " added McGuire , who is one of the organisers of UCL's Climate Forcing of Geological Hazards conference , which will open on 15 September .
Some of the key evidence to be presented at the conference will come from studies of past volcanic activity .
These indicate that when ice sheets disappear the number of eruptions increases , said Professor David Pyle , of Oxford University 's earth sciences department .
" The last ice age came to an end between 12,000 to 15,000 years ago and the ice sheets that once covered central Europe shrank dramatically , " added Pyle .
" The impact on the continent 's geology can by measured by the jump in volcanic activity that occurred at this time . "
In the Eiffel region of western Germany a huge eruption created a vast caldera , or basin - shaped crater , 12,900 years ago , for example .
This has since flooded to form the Laacher See , near Koblenz .
Scientists are now studying volcanic regions in Chile and Alaska – where glaciers and ice sheets are shrinking rapidly as the planet heats up – in an effort to anticipate the eruptions that might be set off .
Last week scientists from Northern Arizona University reported in the journal Science that temperatures in the Arctic were now higher than at any time in the past 2,000 years .
Ice sheets are disappearing at a dramatic rate – and these could have other , unexpected impacts on the planet 's geology .
According to Professor Mark Maslin of UCL , one is likely to be the release of the planet 's methane hydrate deposits .
These ice - like deposits are found on the seabed and in the permafrost regions of Siberia and the far north .
" These permafrost deposits are now melting and releasing their methane , " said Maslin .
" You can see the methane bubbling out of lakes in Siberia .
And that is a concern , for the impact of methane in the atmosphere is considerable .
It is 25 times more powerful than carbon dioxide as a greenhouse gas . "
A build - up of permafrost methane in the atmosphere would produce a further jump in global warming and accelerate the process of climate change .
Even more worrying , however , is the impact of rising sea temperatures on the far greater reserves of methane hydrates that are found on the sea floor .
It was not just the warming of the sea that was the problem , added Maslin .
As the ice around Greenland and Antarctica melted , sediments would pour off land masses and cliffs would crumble , triggering underwater landslides that would break open more hydrate reserves on the sea-bed .
Again there would be a jump in global warming .
" These are key issues that we will have to investigate over the next few years , " he said .
There is also a danger of earthquakes , triggered by disintegrating glaciers , causing tsunamis off Chile , New Zealand and Newfoundland in Canada , Nasa scientist Tony Song will tell the conference .
The last on this list could even send a tsunami across the Atlantic , one that might reach British shores .
The conference will also hear from other experts of the risk posed by melting ice in mountain regions , which would pose significant dangers to local people and tourists .
The Alps , in particular , face a worryingly uncertain future , said Jasper Knight of Exeter University .
" Rock walls resting against glaciers will become unstable as the ice disappears and so set off avalanches .
In addition , increasing meltwaters will trigger more floods and mud flows . "
For the Alps this is a serious problem .
Tourism is growing there , while the region 's population is rising .
Managing and protecting these people was now an issue that needed to be addressed as a matter of urgency , Knight said .
" Global warming is not just a matter of warmer weather , more floods or stronger hurricanes .
It is a wake - up call to Terra Firma , " McGuire said .
S
" He sells sandwiches between Nanavati hospital and LIC office on SV road , Vile Parle ( northwest Mumbai ) .
He got married this May .
Now his in - laws are giving him a tough time because the eyesight in one of his eyes has gone blurred . "
" I want to collect enough money to get him operated or at least take him to a doctor who will treat him free of cost .
He is a poor boy from UP or Bihar .
I will find a way to help him . "
Sandeep meets the boy every day when he goes in the evening to have a sandwich .
He is also paying for the convent education of his two children and is determined to ensure that they go to college .
Painted inside his rickshaw is another sign which perhaps sums Sandeep Bacche best .
' King of Bandra , ' it says after Mumbai 's tony suburb .
That is the title his friends have crowned him with , and rightly so .
He might not be the King of Bandra in wealth like Shah Rukh Khan who also lives in the suburb , but he is certainly the King of hearts .
There are 55,000 autorickshaw drivers in Mumbai , but he is unique .
Sandeep Bacche
MH-02 -Z-8508
9022416338
Like many others , I 've been having some fun searching the 1911 census , which the National Archives in Dublin have just put online .
I 've done a bit of detective work seeking out the Becketts of Foxrock ( or Ballybrack , as the census has it - the four - year - old Sam , it seems , was as of yet unlettered ) ; what remained of the Joyces living out an impecunious existence at 20 Gardiner 's Place ; Eamonn Ceannt , one of the more easily traceable of the signatories to the Proclamation , at that time living in the shadow of the prison where he would be executed five years later ; a young Christy Ring ; An Craoibhín Aoibheann , and future President Douglas Hyde , and an infant Francis Bacon .
A lot more work is needed to dredge up some of the other luminaries of the day or the future , given the commonness of surnames and , especially , Christian names , not to mention the difficulty of determining people 's movements on the night of the 2nd of April of that year .
But often the more interesting stories are closer to home , and I had little difficulty finding my paternal family , seeing as they remained in the same house for another half - century and the family name is not terribly common ( finding my mother 's family , Gallaghers from Donegal , was a good deal more onerous ) .
There were nine people present in the house that night , six members of the family and three lodgers .
The head of the family was Maggie Farry , widowed at the age of 45 .
She had five children , aged from 5 to 16 , all but the youngest were literate .
She held the family pub and shop , which my grandfather Bernard ( Bertie ) would later run until his death in 1956 .
Maggie managed to combine intense Catholic bigotry ( her sons once played a trick on her by pretending a church they had stopped into on a journey home one day was a Protestant one , causing her no end of pain ) with a loyalty to the British crown ( the second son was named John Albert after the late Prince Consort ) .
Though , according to my father , later in life she developed a hostility towards the crown , which allowed her to turn a blind eye when her sons Albert and Bertie joined the Irish Volunteers .
Maggie was also a bit of a snob , naming her children Bernard Agustine , Leo Tynation and Thomas Alphonsas ( though Alphonsas was not unknown in the devout Ireland of the day and my own uncle was later named Alphonso ) .
The family , like most Irish , went their separate ways - Alphonsas ( Al ) went to New York and later Chicago .
Albert lingered in Ballymote for a couple of decades after losing his job at the local creamery for backing the anti-Treaty side in the Civil War ( like the rest of the family ) .
His vaguely leftwing views later mutated into admiration for the Nazis ( my father claims Albert had official Nazi party literature in his bedroom during the war ) though this was driven more by an intense Anglophobia than out of any real ideological persuasion .
He was probably naive and ignorant due to his isolation in the inter - war period ; he spent the last two decades of his life in England , of all places , dying just as the outbreak of the Troubles may have landed the ageing Republican in prison for recrudescent activity .
My grandfather took on the family pub and shop and was a founder member of Fianna Fáil and was elected county councillor in 1944 .
In 1938 he went bankrupt as his toeing the party line forced him to extend ruinous credit to farmers and party supporters at the height of the Economic War I never met any of the nine people listed as being in the house that night .
All family members ( bar Al ) were dead by the time I was born .
I was struck by the name of one of the three lodgers .
I knew that the family took on lodgers and many of them were RIC men , which provided convenient cover for the house to be used as a safe house during the War of Independence .*
But one of the lodgers that night was a Jewish Russian emigré by the same of Solomon Malamed who had the vague profession of ' wholesale marine dealer ' .
I had never known the family housed a lodger of such exotic provenance , though there 's really no reason why I should as he may have stayed as little as a week or two .
I 'm not sure if my great - grandmother 's strident Catholicism allowed her to look kindly on a member of the tribe of Israel , especially given the anti-semitism of the Church at the time , though business was probably looked on as business .
Mr Malamed , two years later welcomed into the world a daughter , Yetta , who would later grow up to be a thorn in the side of the Apartheid regime as a prominent South African Communist , being charged with treason in December 1956 , the same week my grandfather , young as the century , died at the age of 56 .
Yetta Barenblatt lived to see the fall of apartheid and died ten years ago in Johannesberg .
It would have been nice had she met Albert , whom she might have managed to make see reason .
Apparently my information was a little incorrect yesterday .
It was the Union Leader , not the Sentinel that sent a reporter to cover the mass smoke out happening at Central Sq .
Though the Sentinel is now aware and reporter Anika Clark called this morning to comment on a story she ’s writing for today ’s Sentinel .
Thanks to the Union Leader ’s Melanie Plenda for this story :
KEENE –
As city councilors debate a resolution to decriminalize small amounts of marijuana , a small group has quietly taken matters into their own hands — lighting up on Central Square .
“ Every day at 4:20 p.m. , we get together to smoke pot in the square , ” Noah Wood , 19 , of Keene said yesterday .
“ Everyone smokes it .
Well maybe not everyone , I ’m sure , but a lot of people smoke it and so why keep it a secret ?
Why keep it illegal ?
It should be out in the open . ”
In the drug subculture , 420 refers to the consumption of marijuana .
Wood said he was n’t the one to start the local movement , he ’s just been helping by passing the word .
“ This kid said to me ‘ Hey , I heard there ’s smoking going on in the common , ’ ” said Jason Hart , 20 , who identified himself as a student at Franklin Pierce University in Rindge .
“ I ’m just against prohibition .
It does n’t work . ”
Hart said over the last week , the number of smokers at Central Square has grown to about 30 .
“ No one ’s really hassled us , ” said Wood .
“ We ’ve seen police circling the square , but no one ’s said anything .
You know , look at us , we ’re out here chilling , doing our thing .
No one ’s gotten hurt .
There ’s no fights , no car crashes , no one ’s died .
No one ’s even really noticed . ”
Last night Sgt. James Cemorelis said the department has not received any reports of marijuana smoking on the square , but now that officers have been alerted , will be keeping an eye out .
Just a few hundred feet away at Keene City Hall yesterday afternoon , retired Keene police officer and former city councilman Frederick Parsells , 62 , stood on the steps , talking with City Councilor James Duffy about voting for a resolution that would support medical marijuana and decriminalize the possession of small amounts of marijuana .
The resolution essentially has no legal weight if passed — it would just be a strong message sent to state legislators , Parsells said .
“ I wanted us to send a message to other places like Salem , places like Portsmouth , other municipalities that we back this and it ’s something they might want to consider backing too , ” Parsells said .
“ Keene ’s always kind of been on the cutting edge of things like that . ”
Not that Parsells always has been .
He admits as a cop , he saw things more “ black and white . ”
But now he said , “ It ’s more a hazy gray . ”
“ The war ( on drugs ) is over , ” Parsells said .
“ We lost . …
We ’ve spent millions upon millions of dollars to stop its import and distribution , all to no avail .
I do n’t condone the use of drugs .
I ’m 62 , I served in Southeast Asia where I understand the stuff was quite popular and quite easy to get and I did n’t use it then , I never used it . …
But I feel like our laws are an overreaction . ”
Gov. John Lynch vetoed a bill legalizing medical marijuana use in July .
Attempts to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of marijuana have gotten support in the New Hampshire House , but have never made it into law .
Parsells sent a letter to the Keene City Council a few weeks ago requesting that it look at the issue .
“ I just hate to see it when one moment ’s indiscretion , one night of stupidity , ruins some 17 - year - old kid ’s chances to get into college , or the military or from getting meaningful employment , ” Parsells said .
“ Young people do stupid things ; smoking pot is a stupid thing , but it ’s not the end of the world . ”
Much to Parsells ’ surprise , the council took up the issue , sent it to committee and voted on it last week .
Though it failed by a very slim 8 - 7 margin , there was confusion over the vote on whether to write a resolution to decriminalize the drug , so the issue will be taken up again next Thursday , said Councilor Mitchell Greenwald .
Technically , the resolution passed by a 9 - 5 vote .
But , Greenwald said that Councilor Arnold Bailey , after arguing against marijuana for the entire meeting , was confused and voted to pass the motion , instead of voting against it .
Greenwald said Bailey tried to have the issue reconsidered at last week ’s meeting to no avail , because the meeting had adjourned .
“ First of all , if we write the resolution , it ’s totally meaningless , ” said Greenwald .
“ We are not a home rule state .
We have to follow the federal and state drug laws . …
So all this is , is a very loud message from the city of Keene that we back this , and I do n’t know if that ’s true . ”
The main argument of the council members against the move is that they do n’t feel the issue is in the purview of a city council .
“ OK , then why do n’t we talk about health care ?
Pesticides ?
Global Warming ?
Peace in the Middle East , while we ’re at it , ” Greenwald said .
“ My fear is that we are going to get so caught up in other issues that are not our business and drifting into philosophy that we will be unable to do the business that the people sent us here to do . ”
Councilor Paula - Ayn Phillips said she was afraid backing a resolution or law that decriminalizes marijuana could lead people to not being punished for driving or flying under the influence of drugs or could encourage people like surgeons to operate under the influence .
Missing from last week ’s meeting was Councilor Margaret Lynch , who said that if the resolution comes back to council , she will vote for it .
“ I am in support of decriminalizing marijuana , ” she said .
“ I think that it would keep people out of jail which will save taxpayer money and will save some kid lifelong disappointment for making one mistake . ”
Lynch said she ’s not surprised the measure has made it as far as it has .
“ In this part of the state , ” she said .
“ We tend to be a little more with it . ”
The judge characterized the $ 33 million fine as “ strangely askew ” given the accusations made , the magnitude of Merrill ’s losses and the subsequent bailout for Bank of America .
The judge questioned the role of top executives at the companies , in particular Mr. Lewis and John A .
Thain , the former chief executive of Merrill Lynch , both of whom signed off on a proxy statement to investors .
Image Judge Jed Rakoff withheld approval of the S.E.C. - Bank of America deal .
Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
“ Was there some sort of ghost that performed those actions ? ” Judge Rakoff said .
The S.E.C. ’s complaint focused on a document that detailed the bonuses , but which was not included in the merger agreement or proxy statement that was sent to the companies ’ shareholders , who voted to approve the merger on Dec. 5 .
The S.E.C. ’s lawyer , David Rosenfeld , said repeatedly during the hearing Monday that the agency had chosen not to make allegations against individuals in the case .
Mr. Rosenfeld spoke softly and was called up to the microphone after Judge Rakoff criticized the S.E.C. for the evidence it had presented  or failed to .
The judge said the commission was remiss for not determining who at the companies decided not to disclose the bonus agreement .
And he suggested that they should have interviewed the external lawyers for both companies .
“ You filed a rather uninformative , bare - bones complaint , ” Judge Rakoff said .
Lewis J. Liman , a lawyer representing Bank of America , told the judge , when prodded , that the bank believed it had not wronged its shareholders .
Mr. Liman , son of Arthur L. Liman , the lawyer who led the Iran - contra investigation in the Senate , seemed at times dismissive , saying at one point : “ My God ! Bonuses on Wall Street ?
It is not a matter of surprise . ”
Merrill had little choice but to pay many of the bonuses , Mr. Liman said .
Of the $ 3.6 billion , Merrill had committed $ 850 million in the form of guaranteed bonuses .
Mr. Liman said the rest of the money was shared among 39,000 workers who received average payments of $ 91,000  though he did not mention that there were 696 people at Merrill who made more than $ 1 million in bonuses .
Welcome to Africa Rising 21st Century !
We welcome your input to identify and exalt those efforts to raise Africa up , as well as adding to the knowledge base of solutions to African challenges .
WASHINGTON -- Bipartisan opposition is emerging in the Senate to a plan by House lawmakers to spend $ 550 million for additional passenger jets for senior government officials .
The resistance to buying eight Gulfstream and Boeing planes comes as members of both chambers of Congress embark on the busiest month of the year for official overseas travel .
The plan to upgrade the fleet of government jets , which was included in a broader defense - funding bill , has also sparked criticism from the Pentagon , which has said it does n't ...
Spectacular , but is it fair ?
( Sipa Press / Rex )
Stars of the show they may be , but elephants , lions and tigers are the wild animals least suited to life in a circus , concludes the first global study of animal welfare in circuses .
“ It ’s no one single factor , ” says Stephen Harris of the University of Bristol , UK , and lead researcher of the study .
“ Whether it ’s lack of space and exercise , or lack of social contact , all factors combined show it ’s a poor quality of life compared with the wild , ” he says .
The survey concludes that on average , wild animals spend just 1 to 9 per cent of their time training , and the rest confined to cages , wagons or enclosures typically covering a quarter the area recommended for zoos .
Worst affected are elephants , lions , tigers and bears .
Often they ’re confined to cages where they pace up and down for hours on end .
Advertisement
“ Even if they are in a larger , circus pen , there ’s no enrichment such as logs to play with , in case they use them to break the fence and escape , ” says Harris .
Travel sick
Travel also takes its toll , although the evidence is limited .
The study cites data showing that concentrations of the stress hormone cortisol in saliva from circus tigers remains abnormal up to 6 days after transport , and up to 12 days in tigers who ’ve never travelled before .
The itineries can be gruelling too .
When Harris and his colleagues analysed 153 European and North American circus trips , troupes only stayed at each single location for an average of a week before moving on , with an average of almost 300 kilometres between locations .
Even when they reach their destinations , the animals are often kept in conditions drastically different from their natural habitat .
Elephants can be shackled for 12 to 23 hours per day when not performing , in areas from just 7 to 12 square metres .
Often , they could only move as far as the chain would let them , just 1 to 2 metres .
In the wild , elephants spend 40 to 75 per cent of their time feeding , and cover up to 50 kilometres in a day .
Evidence also shows that circus elephants , lions , tigers , bears and even parrots , adopt repetitive abnormal movements and pacing , called sterotypies .
Also , the animals suffer ill - health both from confinement and from the tricks they learn to perform .
Elephants , for example , become obese through inactivity and develop rheumatoid disorders and lameness as a result , as well as joint and hernia problems through having to adopt unnatural positions during performance .
Unnatural behaviour
“ There is no evidence to suggest that the natural needs of non-domesticated animals can be met through the living conditions and husbandry offered by circuses , ” concludes the study .
“ Neither natural environment nor much natural behaviour can be recreated in circuses . ”
Although their conditions are not ideal , the species best suited to circus life include animals domesticated generations ago , such as dogs and horses .
Horses , for example , have long adapted to travel between racecourses .
The same is not true , however , of the most glamorous wild animals .
“ It fits in with what you would intuitively imagine , that given the extensive transport , the sterile environment and the cramped conditions , you get welfare problems , ” says Rob Atkinson , head of the wildlife department at the UK Royal Society for the Protection of Animals .
The study notes that some countries such as Austria have already banned wild animals from circuses , but they still feature prominently in major circuses of the US and Europe .
Elephants disappeared from UK circuses for 10 years , but three have been on display since February at the Great British Circus .
Journal reference : Animal Welfare , vol 18 , p 129
In the latest demise of liberty , the Democrat Bureaucracy has reared its fierce head .
The latest “ Town Hall ” meeting for Baron Hill ( D - IN ) shows the true positioning of the “ elitist ” attitude of our elected representatives .
They continuously make face of the idea that we might just know what we want and need .
The Democrat made light of the fact ( more like his opinion ) , that it was his “ meeting ” and not that of the citizen .
He tried to backtrack with the statement , “ Let me repeat that one more time .
This is my town hall meeting , for you . ”
Just who is this “ you ” he mentioned ?
For all , his true intentions were full well known .
He obviously believes he is far superior to the peasantry of southern Indiana .
Time must numb the minds of “ elitist ” aristocrats , for it was just a few years ago that voters showed the very same Baron Hill , that he was no baron of any hill in southern Indiana .
In the same instance the very same voters that made the decision to oust him , voted him to the office previously held .
Maybe we do n’t know what we need , but that is the beauty of the good and glorious nation that we reside .
For if we make a mistake , we can make reparation to the matter during the next election cycle .
Lest , I remind you of the coming election ( 2010 ) .
What matters can , and will , be made to face our wrath .
Now with that being said , the Democrats are not the lone culprits .
The Republicans have committed the fair share of atrocities , as to what they refer to as “ Government ” .
I am assured that these officials must have a different ideology , than that of mine .
The government I know for the United States of America , has always been that of the people .
To their recognition , the citizen is a mere imbecile .
To the credit of the imbecile electorate , the truth will show in November 2010 .
The citizen will decide the matter , and with a memory of distrust .
The matter in question , “ Where is my local representative ? ”
That question should be illuminating the fact , that the State Representatives made no light of the matter .
The local representatives are part of the electorate , themselves .
It would have been thought that the matter could have been used to their own political advantage .
Well , that is a matter for another day .
How many state legislators stood their ground and took a stand on the same issues .
Again , it all falls to political agenda .
Elected officials tend to fall prey to the matter of a superiority complex .
Without term limitation , this will be an ever - increasing issue .
For it comes to be , that there are no challenges to their post .
The opposition being leery of setting a challenge to an incumbent .
Without this challenge , they become an inclusive part of the problem .
The issue of the citizen constituent , must be pledged .
This citizen has all the rights of authority , thus granted by the U S Constitution .
Maybe these elected officials should be reminded that our government is that , “ of the people , for the people , and by the people ” .
That seems pretty self - explanatory to me .
What do I know , for I am but a lowly peasant .
Why must our very own government , continue to usurp the rights and liberties , granted by the very founding documents .
They must adhere to the rights and authority of the citizen .
What will it take to assess their understanding that they are public servants of the very people they have belittled .
In closing , I call on BaronHill and his cohorts to show respect when they are directing the attentions away from that of the citizen .
Explain yourself , Mr. Hill .
You , and your Capitol Hill associates have shown a great disrespect towards the Constitution , and the citizen .
It has gone way beyond that of a public apology .
You have time to show true faith in your obligations of office by performing the duties required of you .
In the performance of such duties , you will have taken a great step towards the correcting of great misjudgements .
It is with respect and authority , that the people have made their voices heard .
Hear us , for the people have spoken .
“ REFORM , REFORM , REFORM ! ”
The Emma Maersk is a true marine engineering marvel .
The world largest container ship , longest ship currently in service and is propelled by the largest diesel engine ever manufactured .
She is bigger than any aircraft carrier and manages to carry 15000 containers with only a crew of 13 !
She was designed for High Sea travels only and unable to negotiate the Suez or Panama canals .
Her Command Bridge is located at 10 - floors building height .
She has a top speed of 55.8 km/h and will take her about 4 days to reach Asia from US .
Below are the photos of the biggest man-made vehicle on the sea .
Category : Cruise Travel , Featured , Headline
Thanks for the link !
One comment - Hotwire is actually intended for " advanced " users as much as beginners .
Of course there is still a fair bit of work before I 'd say we 're at " feature parity " with bash , but it 's decently close .
Remember that if you need bash for something , just type term in Hotwire .
The absence of health insurance creates a range of consequences , including lower quality of life , increased morbidity and mortality , and higher financial burdens .
This paper focuses on just one aspect of this harm - namely , greater risk of death - and seeks to illustrate its general order of magnitude .
In 2002 , the Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) estimated that 18,000 Americans died in 2000 because they were uninsured .
Since then , the number of uninsured has grown .
Based on the IOM 's methodology and subsequent Census Bureau estimates of insurance coverage , 137,000 people died from 2000 through 2006 because they lacked health insurance , including 22,000 people in 2006 .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
So now the government 's going to tell you what light bulb to buy , and it could be hazardous to your health .
That was the takeaway from some conservative and libertarian - minded folks when the energy bill of 2007 mandated more efficient lighting that would lead to a gradual phase out of many incandescent bulbs .
Europe 's ban began this week and the new U.S. rules take effect in 2012 .
The concept of the government dictating light bulbs seemed too juicy for some groups to pass up .
The fact that the more efficient fluorescent bulbs contain mercury - a highly toxic element - gave actual grounds for objection .
But environmentalists point out that the increased electricity required to run a regular lightbulb from a powerplant produces a lot of mercury too .
Nonetheless , criticism of fluorescent bulbs was fast and furious .
" Everyone is being urged , cajoled and guilt - tripped into [ replacing ]
Thomas Edison 's incandescents , " wrote the WorldNetDaily , a news Web site that bills itself as " a free press for a free people . "
" However , there is no problem disposing of incandescents ... you can throw them in the trash can and they wo n't hurt the garbage collector ... they wo n't kill people working in the landfills . "
The poster - child for the anti-fluorescent bulbers is Brandy Bridges , a mother in Maine who broke a bulb in her daughter 's bedroom a couple years back .
Bridges , aware the bulbs contained mercury , called state officials , who came over , did tests , and told her to have the room cleaned by a hazardous waste crew - to the tune of over $ 2,000 .
Maine officials eventually came to her house and cut out the carpet .
This story has been widely circulated on the Internet , and sharp criticism of the government mandate continues today from email chain letters to rants on Capitol Hill .
The mandate , which does n't ban incandescent bulbs but requires much greater efficiency that will effectively take most of them off the shelf , phases in starting in 2012 .
One in Europe began earlier this week .
But much of the fear surrounding fluorescent light bulbs may be overblown .
When contacted about the Bridges case , Maine officials said the advice to get a professional hazardous waste cleaner and remove the carpet was given before a policy on fluorescents was fully developed .
They no longer tell people to call a hazmat crew or remove rugs , unless the homeowner is particularly concerned .
Maine regulators , along with national environmental groups , consumer advocates and the federal government , all still recommend using the energy - saving bulbs .
When it comes to safety , they say the amount of mercury in a fluorescent bulb is so small it should not present a health risk .
According to the Environmental Protection Agency , the average fluorescent light bulb contains about 4 milligrams of mercury , over 100 times less than found in an old mercury thermometer .
Consumer Reports just did extensive testing of the bulbs and found that many contain even less mercury - some had just 1 milligram .
" It 's not something to panic about , " said Celia Kuperszmid Lehrman , deputy home editor at Consumer Reports .
" Tube fluorescents like we all have in our offices and schools have mercury too , and it's not like they evacuate a school every time a bulb breaks . "
Still , the bulbs should be handled with care if broken .
EPA recommends several steps including cleaning up the glass with cardboard or another item that can be disposed of after , opening the window , and putting the remnants in an outside garbage can .
If your town collects other household hazardous waste like batteries , paint or cleaning supplies , then you should dispose of the bulbs in the same manner .
Home Depot and Ikea will recycle any old fluorescent bulbs , no mater where they were purchased .
Also , if the light is close to small children or pets that may easily knock it over , it 's probably best to use another type of bulb .
Efficient , mercury - free incandescents like halogen lights , as well as LED lights will still be available after the new efficiency standards kick in .
The benefits of using fluorescent bulbs , experts say , far outweighs any mercury risk .
When it comes to mercury content , a fluorescent bulb ends up putting far less mercury into the environment compared to all the extra electricity required to run an inefficient bulb - four times less mercury , according to Noah Horowitz of the Natural Resources Defense Council .
If the whole country switched to fluorescents , says Horowitz , it would eliminate the need to build 30 new coal power plants and save as much electricity as used by all the homes in Texas .
Then there 's the cost savings .
Consumer reports estimates that each incandescent replaced with a $ 1.50 fluorescent will save an individual $ 56 in electricity costs over the life of the bulb .
" You'd be hard pressed to find a better deal for your wallet or the environment , " said Horowitz .
Still , some people remain unconvinced .
For starters , many say if fluorescent bulbs were really better , people would buy them on their own .
For her part Bridges , contacted at her home in Maine , says she 'll never go back to fluorescent bulbs and has little faith in experts telling her what 's safe .
" Remember , at some point lead paint was n't a big deal either , " she said .
Have you recently been laid off ?
Lost most of your retirement or college savings in the stock market ?
Dealt with the loss of the family breadwinner with no life insurance ?
If you 've been confronted with some challenge during this recession and would like to have an expert review your situation , send an email to realstories@cnnmoney.com and you could be profiled in an upcoming segment on CNN .
For the CNNMoney.com Comment Policy , click here .
Note : earlier Employment post : Employment Report : 216K Jobs Lost , 9.7 % Unemployment Rate .
The earlier post includes a comparison to previous recessions .
Stress Test Scenarios
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the unemployment rate compared to the stress test economic scenarios on a quarterly basis as provided by the regulators to the banks ( no link ) .
This is a quarterly forecast : the Unemployment Rate for Q3 is an average of July and August ( rounded to 9.6 % ) , and will probably move higher .
Once again , the unemployment rate is already higher than the " more adverse " scenario .
Note also that the unemployment rate has already exceeded the peak of the " baseline scenario " .
Unemployed over 26 Weeks
The DOL report yesterday showed seasonally adjusted insured unemployment at 6.2 million , down from a peak of about 6.9 million .
This raises the question of how many unemployed workers have exhausted their regular unemployment benefits ( Note : most are still receiving extended benefits , although this is about to change ) .
The monthly BLS report provides data on workers unemployed for 27 or more weeks , and here is a graph ...
The blue line is the number of workers unemployed for 27 weeks or more .
The red line is the same data as a percent of the civilian workforce .
According to the BLS , there are almost 5.0 million workers who have been unemployed for more than 26 weeks ( and still want a job ) .
This is 3.2 % of the civilian workforce .
The good news is there was n't much of an increase from July .
The bad news is many of these 5 million long term unemployed will start exhausting their extended unemployment benefits soon .
According to the projections by the National Employment Law Project about 0.5 million will have exhausted their benefits by the end of this month ( September ) and about 1.5 million by the end of the year .
In California alone , from the O.C. Register : " an estimated 143,000 unemployed workers in California [ exhausted ] their jobless benefits by Sept. 1 , according to new figures released by the state Employment Development Department " .
Diffusion Index
Here is a look at how " widespread " the job losses are using the employment diffusion index from the BLS .
Although job losses continued in many of the major industry sectors in August , the declines have moderated in recent months .
BLS , August Employment Report
The diffusion indexes for private nonfarm payroll employment are based on estimates for 278 industries , while the manufacturing indexes are based on estimates for 84 industries .
Each component series is assigned a value of 0 , 50 , or 100 percent , depending on whether its employment showed a decrease , no change , or an increase over a given period .
The average ( mean ) value is then calculated , and this percent is the diffusion index number .
When the new New International Version of the Bible is unveiled in 2011 , do n’t look for androgynous vocabulary that had rankled some evangelicals .
In fact , as soon as the latest version is published , the gender - neutral Today ’s New International Version will vanish .
“ If we want to maintain the NIV as a Bible that English speakers around the world can understand , we have to listen to and respect the vocabulary they are using today , ” said Keith Danby , president of Biblica .
New Testament scholar and author Bart Ehrman doubts the revision has as much to do with the evolution of the English language as the orthodox trends in evangelical thought .
“ They are changing the gender - neutral language , no doubt , because their ‘ base ’ is conservative evangelical Christians who are offended by anything that appears to have a feminist agenda behind it , not because the language has changed , ” Ehrman said .
“ If it has changed , of course , it has changed toward greater gender neutrality -- except in religiously and politically conservative circles . ”
Advertisement
Original ( NIV ) and gender - neutral ( TNIV ) passages :
Psalm 8:4
NIV : What is man that you are mindful of him , the son of man that you care for him ?
TNIV : What are mere mortals that you are mindful of them , human beings that you care for them ?
Advertisement
Matthew 7:4
NIV : How can you say to your brother , “ Let me take the speck out of your eye , ” when all the time there is a plank in your own eye ?
TNIV : How can you say , “ Let me take the speck out of your eye , ” when all the time there is a plank in your own eye ?
1 Corinthians 15:21
Advertisement
NIV : For since death came through a man , the resurrection of the dead comes also through a man .
TNIV : For since death came through a human being , the resurrection of the dead comes also through a human being .
--
mbrachear@tribune.com
It 's the bane of every parent : cars speeding down residential streets while kids play in front yards and ride their bikes in the street .
Well , a group of Durham , North Carolina residents , fed up with speeders in their neighborhood , have taken matters into their hands .
They 've posted a series of signs throughout their neighborhood warning speeders that they will enforce speed limits ... by shooting violators with paintball guns .
The threat - yet to be delivered on at this point - results from dissatisfaction with current police enforcement and frustration at a problem that has long been ignored .
What do you think ?
As a parent , would you turn to paintball vigilantism to force police to take action ... or is it never right to take the law into your own hands ?
( CNN ) --
In trendy neighborhoods of Tokyo customers are lining up for vitamin injections that promise to improve health and beauty .
A Japanese woman receives an intravenous vitamin supplement at the Tenteki Cafe in Tokyo .
These intravenous vitamin " drips " are part of the latest quick - fix , health fad catching on in Japan : the IV cafe .
Each drip pack contains saline solution and specific vitamins and minerals to target a particular health ailment or beauty concern .
" I used to take vitamin supplements , but changed to the IV drip because I feel the effects more quickly , " a 20 - something woman at the Tenteki 10 Café told CNN .
She said she receives specific injections to get better skin , burn fat and boost her energy .
There are 10 different varieties to choose from at Tenteki .
The " orange " variety touts anti-aging properties , loaded with antioxidants .
The " placenta pack " is said to help rejuvenate and ease muscle stiffness .
Prices range from $ 20 - $ 30 per injection , and nurses see about 30 - 40 people each day .
Their most common patients are Japanese businessmen who work in the same office building .
" I see a lot of businessmen who say they do n't have time to sleep .
They can't take a break from working and get the vitamin drip for an extra kick of energy , " a Tenteki nurse told CNN .
Vital Signs Each month CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta brings viewers health stories from around the world .
See more from the show »
" Blue " is the most requested vitamin pack among these men : a concoction of B1 and vitamin E that claims to offer relief from exhaustion .
Registered nurses and doctors administer the drips at Tenteki , but there 's no conclusive medical evidence to back up the health claims .
Many nutritionists actually caution against using injectable vitamin supplements because the quantities are not regulated .
" More is not necessarily better ... some vitamins and minerals can be toxic in high doses , " particularly the fat - soluble ones which the body stores like Vitamins A , D , E and K , explained Claire Williamson , Nutrition Scientist at the British Nutrition Foundation .
In Europe and the United States vitamin shots are popular among celebrities with hectic lifestyles and little time to sleep , particularly vitamin B 12 .
Former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell and singer Robbie Williams have both confirmed they 've used the shots as part of their diets to maintain stamina during tours .
Dermatological injections of Vitamin C are also popular among women hoping to keep their skin looking young .
Former supermodel Cindy Crawford has admitted using such injections to keep her skin firm and wrinkle - free .
According to Williamson , it does not matter if supplements are injected into the vein or into the skin .
" At the end of the day it will go into the blood stream , " she said .
Most of these nutrients we can get sufficient from foods , nutrients tend to be better absorbed by the body if they are consumed in foods . "
Save Buddy
So here 's the story .
We decide to adopt a dog from a DC animal shelter .
A friend of mine had a good experience and all adoptions were 50 % off for the summer .
What could be better ?
Saving a dog . . . for half price !
So we find a little dude that we like and are approved to take him home .
I think the bad luck sets in when the shelter decides to neuter the dog ( I 'm sure the dog invoked some voodoo here ) .
So here 's how it goes down :
Upon going to see the dog before neutering , my girlfriend is rear - ended . . . totalling the car .
The dog was very playful when we brought it home , but had a slight sneeze .
Within a day , the dog was so lethargic , it would n't move from its bed .
We take the dog into the hospital , where it was diagnosed with pneumonia and pleural effussion .
The dog remained in the hospital for a week .
To show Buddy 's appreciation , we 'll send you an picture of him doing something cute .
Thanks for your support !
Total raised as of 9/1/09 : $ 0.00
Send me an e-mail
The International Space Station is now testing a new communications protocol that could form the backbone of a future interplanetary internet ( Image : STS - 119 Shuttle Crew / NASA )
The interplanetary internet now has its first permanent node in space , aboard the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
The new software will make sending data from space less like using the telephone , and more like using the web .
In the modern era of the web and information on demand , teams still have to schedule times to send and receive data from space missions .
But the newly installed system aboard the ISS could one day allow data to flow between Earth , spacecraft , and astronauts automatically , creating what is being dubbed the “ interplanetary internet ” .
Advertisement
Faster transfer
A box boasting a computer and modules for science experiments owned by non-profit BioServe Space Technologies on the ISS was loaded with the necessary software for its new role in late May .
The payload recently sent down its first science data – images of crystals formed by metal salts in free - fall – using the new programming .
Its new capability has already speeded up the transfer of data back to Earth by about four times , says BioServe ’s Kevin Gifford .
If data is lost during a link , the system automatically transmits lost data later .
Until now someone had to schedule a second attempt .
The first deep - space test of the communications protocol took place in November 2008 , when computers on Earth and NASA ’s Epoxi spacecraft simulated the transmission of data from Mars to Earth .
Information chain
While the Earth - bound internet uses a protocol called TCP / IP to allow distant machines to communicate over cables , the ISS payload uses delay - tolerant networking ( DTN ) , which is being developed to cope with the patchy coverage in space that arises when spacecraft pass behind planets or suffer power outages .
If data passing between computers using TCP / IP goes missing , the two keep communicating until everything has been sent .
But in space such to -ing and fro-ing of data is impractical .
DTN circumvents this problem by commanding each node in the network to store information until it can find another node that can receive it .
Data is relayed in a chain and should only need to be transmitted once .
Growing network
NASA aims to have the DTN protocol complete and ready for use on future spacecraft by the end of 2011 .
The ISS will act as a testing platform to perfect the protocol and help iron out any bugs .
The station will get a second interplanetary internet node when the necessary software is uploaded to a second Bioserve payload later this year .
The NASA team is also discussing the possibility of adding new nodes to the network in European and Japanese modules on the station .
“ This is really an opportunity to demonstrate that these protocols can improve communications in space , ” says Adrian Hooke , the DTN team leader at NASA Headquarters in Washington , DC .
When installed on spacecraft , DTN could alleviate traffic on NASA ’s Deep Space Network , a collection of ground - based radio antennas used to communicate with space probes that is in need of refurbishment .
The protocol could also benefit space station operations by automating space weather alerts ( see Space storm alert : 90 seconds from catastrophe ) , Hooke says .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
Rhonda is a 3D drawing tool like no other .
It also makes me question life .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : 3d , Nosaj Thing , Rhonda
Ancient oceans offer new insight into the origins of animal life
Analysis of a rock type found only in the world 's oldest oceans has shed new light on how large animals first got a foothold on the Earth .
A scientific team led by Professor Robert Frei at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark , and including scientists from Newcastle University , UK , and universities in Uruguay and Southern Denmark , have for the first time managed to plot the rise and fall of oxygen levels in the Earth 's atmosphere over the last 3.8 billion years .
By analysing the isotopes of chromium in iron - rich sediments formed in the ancient oceans , the team has found that a rise in atmospheric oxygen levels 580 million years ago was closely followed by the evolution of animal life .
Published today in the academic journal Nature , the data offers new insight into how animal life – and ultimately humans – first came to roam the planet .
" Because animals evolved in the sea , most previous research has focussed on oceanic oxygen levels , " explains Newcastle University 's Dr Simon Poulton , one of the authors of the paper .
" Our research confirms for the first time that a rise in atmospheric oxygen was the driving force for oxygenation of the oceans 580 million years ago , and that this was the catalyst for the evolution of large complex animals . "
The study
Distinctive chromium isotope signals occur when continental rocks are altered and weathered as a result of oxygen levels rising in the atmosphere .
The chromium released by this weathering is then washed into the seas and deposited in the deepest oceans - trapped in iron - rich rocks on the sea bed .
Using this new data , the research team has not only been able to establish the trigger for the evolution of animals , but have also demonstrated that oxygen began to pulse into the atmosphere earlier than previously thought .
" Oxygen levels actually began to rise 2.8 billion years ago " explains Dr Poulton .
" But instead of this rise being steady and gradual over time , what we saw in our data was a very unstable situation with short - lived episodes of free oxygen in the atmosphere early in Earth 's history , followed by plummeting levels around 2 billion years ago .
" It was not until a second rise in atmospheric oxygen 580 million years ago that larger complex animals were able to get a foothold on the Earth . "
America is a strange place .
Liberals get emotionally distraught that the Founding Fathers stuck Second Amendment rights in the Constitution .
For American citizens to possess firearms is considered to be dangerous .
Yet , it is quite all right for Americans to possess deadly green mambas .
Mambas are large , fast and very poisonous African snakes whose bite is usually fatal .
Their venom is neurotoxic and cardiotoxic .
It attacks the central nervous system and shuts down the lungs and heart .
On Aug. 20 , a Comcast workman was installing an underground cable outside an apartment building in Hollywood , Fla. , when he was bitten by a green mamba .
Capt .
Ernie Jillson , head of Miami - Dade Fire Rescue ’s Venom Response Unit , said the green mamba probably only delivered a warning bite instead of a lethal one .
The Comcast worker was saved by antivenin .
It is unclear how the dangerous snake , which is still on the loose , was identified .
How many Americans could identify a green mamba ?
Perhaps the cable company worker was an immigrant from Africa able to recognize the snake .
No one knows where the snake came from .
According to the South Florida Sun-Sentinel , 187 green mambas have been imported into the U.S. as pets since 2004 .
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission says that all people licensed to own or sell green mambas in the area have their snakes accounted for .
Americans who tire of their pet pythons , when they grow too large , have been dumping the snakes in the Everglades , where a large breeding population now exists that is destroying the remaining ecology of the Everglades not already destroyed by real estate developers and sugar plantations .
Will green mambas be the next immigrant invader ?
Try to imagine what it is like living in a house with a mamba .
Are bedroom doors tightly shut at night and carefully opened in the mornings ?
Do you first check to make sure the snake is still in its container before moving around the house in the morning ?
Imagine coming home and finding the container empty .
Strikes me as far more stress than living with a handgun in the house .
I would put the stress level from a mamba right up there with the stress our politicians create for us .
We never know when “ our ” government will next strike at our livelihood and liberty .
The White House Office of Management and Budget just announced that the federal government will be running trillion dollar annual budget deficits for the next decade .
If the past is a guide , this is an underestimate .
Obama says he is going to attack the deficit by getting entitlement spending under control .
He means Social Security and Medicare .
Getting them under control means reducing the funding .
Americans have paid taxes all their lives for retirement pensions and health care , but Obama is going to cut the promised benefits in order to fund his wars in Afghanistan and Pakistan and to pay for new U.S. military bases in Colombia .
We are now into the third presidential term in which the U.S. government remains mired in wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Inheriting two wars did n’t stop Obama from starting a third one in Pakistan and from threatening more wars .
These wars bring no benefits to American citizens , only high costs , but the wars bring political contributions to the politicians from the interest groups that profit from the wars .
Where is the World War I , World War II and Korean War excess - profits tax ?
The answer is that instead of paying the U.S.
Treasury , the war profiteers pay the politicians .
Obama ’s budget director , Peter Orszag , says the U.S. is in a “ dire fiscal situation ” and requires “ serious steps to put our nation back on a sustainable fiscal path . ”
However , halting pointless wars is not part of the Obama administration ’s solution .
The wars will continue .
Orszag says the U.S. will be put on “ a fiscally sustainable path ” by “ slowing the rate of health care cost growth in the long run . ”
Orszag says that health care reform will not only be deficit - neutral — that is , provide no new services — but also “ will incorporate changes that will help reduce the deficit . ”
The budget is to be balanced on the backs of Americans denied health care .
And you thought your private health insurer was evil .
Many thanks to Orszag for a clear statement of U.S. government priorities .
In the face of such clarity , why are Democratic groups associated with Obama pushing a “ health care reform ” that will reduce health care ?
The attitude of government toward taxpayers is no different at the state and local levels .
Some conservatives still suffer from the delusion that government is more accountable the closer it is to the people .
Recently , NPR reported that it was the Correctional Officers Union that was behind California ’s “ three - strikes ” law .
Once that unjust law passed , California ’s prison population increased fivefold .
The Correctional Officers Union grew dramatically in membership .
Of the $ 10 billion annual cost of California ’s prison system , 70 percent goes for salaries and administration .
One in 10 correctional officers makes $ 100,000 a year .
What was sold to a gullible public as an “ anti- crime ” measure was just another way for an organized interest group to pick the taxpayers ’ pockets .
Even the “ clunkers law ” divided the spoils between two interest groups .
Car dealers got taxpayers ’ help in reducing their unaffordable inventories , and parts manufacturers saved their business by having “ clunkers ” limited to vehicles made in 1984 or ( SET ITAL ) afterward .
( END ITAL )
Older cars did not qualify for the trade - in subsidy , which was hyped as a way of getting fuel - inefficient and polluting vehicles out of service .
All you need to know about “ governments close to the people ” can be learned by examining the property tax response to falling real estate values , foreclosures and homelessness .
Jurisdictions everywhere are raising the property tax .
In America , government always comes first .
The citizen last .
The transformation from citizen to serf has been completed .
A teenager arrested after the body of a premature baby was discovered in west Auckland last month now faces a charge of murder .
The 18 - year - old woman , who has name suppression , made her second appearance in Waitakere District Court today .
At her first appearance she faced one charge ; disposal of the dead body of a baby with intent to conceal its birth .
When she reappeared today she faced a new charge of murder , a court official told NZPA .
The charges follow the discovery of a premature baby boy 's naked body on a concrete path outside a residence in Barron Drive , Green Bay late last month .
Bail was continued for the woman and she will reappear at Waitakere District Court next month .
Wealth Inequality Destroys US Ideals Editor ’s Note : Since the national rise of Ronald Reagan three decades ago , the United States has been on a deadly course for a Republic , with wealth rapidly concentrating at the top and average Americans sinking or struggling to stay afloat .
On the 233rd anniversary of American independence – a war fought for the equality of all mankind – writer Don Monkerud examines how these gross economic imbalances threaten that vision :
In June 2009 , the U.S. economy saw its second steepest decline in 27 years .
New jobless claims increased , business inventories fell and exports plunged as bad economic news persisted .
Email
Printer friendly
Will the once high - flying American wealth machine continue to produce the vast inequalities of the past ?
Only two years ago , Steve Forbes , CEO of Forbes magazine , declared 2007 " the richest year ever in human history . "
During eight years of the Bush Administration , the 400 richest Americans , who now own more than the bottom 150 million Americans , increased their net worth by $ 700 billion .
In 2005 , the top one percent claimed 22 percent of the national income , while the top ten percent took half of the total income , the largest share since 1928 .
In June 2009 , the Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Report estimated the number of the world 's wealthiest people declined by 15 percent , the steepest decline in the report 's 13 - year history .
The number of millionaires in the U.S. fell by 19 percent to 2.5 million people .
Analysts tell us the economy is being restructured , but how will the disparities in wealth between the rich and the poor play out ?
" The source of wealth has changed over the past 30 years ; corporations have become the engine of inequality in the U.S. , " says Sam Pizzigati , associate fellow at the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington D.C.
" In the past , wealth came from ownership : Today it comes increasingly from income . "
The highest incomes come from executive pay at top corporations .
In 2007 , the ratio of CEO pay to the average paycheck was 344 to one , lower than the record 525 to one ratio set in 2001 , but substantial .
This year 's ratio is estimated to decrease to 317 to one .
In the 60s , 70s and 80s , the average ratio fluctuated between 30 and 40 to one .
Over 40 percent of GNP comes from Fortune 500 companies .
According to the World Institute for Development Economics Research , the 500 largest conglomerates in the U.S. " control over two - thirds of the business resources , employ two - thirds of the industrial workers , account for 60 percent of the sales , and collect over 70 percent of the profits . "
Corporations systematically created a wealth gap over the last 30 years .
In 1955 , IRS records indicated the 400 richest people in the country were worth an average $ 12.6 million , adjusted for inflation .
In 2006 , the 400 richest increased their average to $ 263 million , representing an epochal shift of wealth upward in the U.S .
In 1955 , the richest tier paid an average 51.2 percent of their income in taxes under a progressive federal income tax that included loopholes .
By 2006 , the richest paid only 17.2 percent of their income in taxes .
In 1955 , the proportion of federal income from corporate taxes was 33 percent ; by 2003 , it decreased to 7.4 percent .
Today , the top taxpayers pay the same percentage of their incomes in taxes as those making $ 50,000 to $ 75,000 , although they doubled their share of total U.S. income .
" Over the past 30 years , the income of the top one percent , adjusted for inflation , doubled : the top one - tenth of one percent tripled , and the one - one - hundredth quadrupled , " says Pizzigati .
" Meanwhile , the average income of the bottom 90 percent has gone down slightly .
This is a stunning transformation . "
Meanwhile , wages for most Americans did n't improve from 1979 to 1998 , and the median male wage in 2000 was below the 1979 level , despite productivity increases of 44.5 percent .
Between 2002 and 2004 , inflation - adjusted median household income declined $ 1669 a year .
To make up for lost income , credit card debt soared 315 percent between 1989 and 2006 , representing 138 percent of disposable income in 2007 .
According to Pizzigati , the wealth disparity is the result of corporations squeezing more profits from workers .
" In the past corporations laid off workers because business was bad , " Pizzigati says .
" But over the past few decades , downsizing has been a corporate wealth generating strategy .
Today , CEOs do n't spend their time making , trying to make better products : they maneuver to take over other companies , steal their customers and fire their workers . "
Progressive taxation used to prevent the rich from capturing a disproportionate share of national compensation , and the labor movement , which represented 35 percent of private sector employees and today represents 8 percent , once served as a political force to limit excessive executive pay .
The Reagan backlash cut the top income tax rates , and saw the creation of right - wing think tanks that spent $ 30 billion over the past 30 years , propagandizing for deregulation , privatization , and wealth worship .
Bubble economies over the past 30 years helped CEOs pump up their income , and efforts to corral their pay are weak and ineffective .
CEO pay may fall during these economic hard times , but disparity is n't going away .
Without a strong movement for change , the wealth gap will only increase in this downturn .
" There wo n't be a restructuring of the economy unless we take on executive compensation , " concludes Pizzigati .
" Outrageously large rewards give executives an incentive to behave outrageously .
If we allow these incentives to continue , we will just see more of the reckless behavior that has driven the global economy into the ditch . "
Don Monkerud is a California - based writer who follows cultural , social and political issues .
Copyright 2009 .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
By carefully analyzing brain activity , scientists can tell what number a person has just seen , research now reveals .
They can similarly tell how many dots a person was presented with .
Past investigations had uncovered brain cells in monkeys that were linked with numbers .
Although scientists had found brain regions linked with numerical tasks in humans — the frontal and parietal lobes , to be exact — until now patterns of brain activity linked with specific numbers had proven elusive .
Scientists had 10 volunteers watch either numerals or dots on a screen while a part of their brain known as the intraparietal cortex was scanned — it 's a region of the parietal lobe especially linked with numbers .
They next rigorously analyzed brain activity to decipher which patterns might be linked with the numbers the volunteers had observed .
When it came to small numbers of dots , the researchers found that brain activity patterns changed gradually in a way that reflected the ordered nature of the numbers .
For example , one might be able to conclude that the pattern for six is between that for five and seven .
In the case of the numerals , the researchers could not detect this same gradual change .
This suggests their methods simply might not be sensitive enough to detect this progression yet , or that these symbols are in fact coded as more precise , discrete entities in the brain .
" Activation patterns for numbers of dots seem to be stronger — are more easily discriminated — than those for digits , suggesting that maybe still more neurons encode specifically numbers of objects — the evolutionary older representation — than abstract symbolic numbers , " said researcher Evelyn Eger at the University of Paris - Sud in Orsay , France .
Given that numbers " are in principle infinite , it is very unlikely that the brain can have , or we can detect , a signature for each number , " Eger noted .
" There is some hint in our data that smaller numbers have a clearer signature , which may be related to their frequency of occurrence in daily life , but further work would be needed to say something more definite about this and about how the brain deals with larger numbers . "
The methods employed in this research could ultimately help unlock how the brain makes sophisticated calculations and how the brain changes as people learn math , the researchers said .
" We are only beginning to access the most basic building blocks that symbolic math probably relies on , " Eger said .
" We still have no clear idea of how these number representations interact and are combined in mathematical operations , but the fact that we can resolve them in humans gives hope that at some point we can come up with paradigms that let us address this . ”
The scientists detailed their findings online September 24 in the journal Current Biology .
Note :
Any reading below 100 shows contraction for this index .
From the National Restaurant Association ( NRA ) : Restaurant Industry Outlook Remained Uncertain In June as Restaurant Performance Index Declined for Second Consecutive Month
The outlook for the restaurant industry improved somewhat in July , as the National Restaurant Association ’s comprehensive index of restaurant activity registered its first gain in three months .
The Association ’s Restaurant Performance Index ( RPI ) – a monthly composite index that tracks the health of and outlook for the U.S. restaurant industry – stood at 98.1 in July , up 0.3 percent from its June level .
However , the RPI still remained below 100 for the 21st consecutive month , which signifies contraction in the index of key industry indicators .
“ Although restaurant operators continue to report soft same - store sales and customer traffic levels , they are more optimistic about improving conditions in the months ahead , ” said Hudson Riehle , senior vice president of Research and Information Services for the Association .
“ Restaurant operators reported a positive six - month economic outlook , and the proportion expecting higher sales rose to its highest level in three months . ”
...
In addition to sales declines , restaurant operators reported negative customer traffic levels for the 23rd consecutive month in July .
emphasis added
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Unfortunately the data for this index only goes back to 2002 .
The restaurant business is still contracting , although not contracting as fast as late last year .
The cook must have put the green shoots in the soup .
MEN worry more about what their mates think , rather than their partner , when it comes to stature and the size of their penis .
It 's a phenomenon called the " locker room syndrome " , says Doctor of Clinical Psychology student Annabel Chan , who obtained penis measurements from more than 500 men worldwide .
The men also answered questions designed to probe the link between penis size , male body image and mental health , says Ms Chan who is a PhD student at Melbourne 's Victoria University .
" It 's the locker room syndrome , " Ms Chan says .
" That 's when they feel they should be bigger whereas when they are on their own they are actually quite happy with themselves . "
The men , aged 18 to 76 , were asked to indicate their ideal body size and then compare this to what they believed other men would nominate .
A majority ( 65 per cent ) said their ideal male body size would be smaller than the ideal size suggested by others .
The men were also asked whether they believed they would be a better sexual partner if they had a bigger penis .
Ms Chan says the men were " more concerned about how their overall body - size compared to the perceived male ideal than they are about how their size might impact on their sexual relations " .
The survey , which was completed online , asked men to measure their erect penises .
Ms Chan says she expected to receive some overstated measurements but the self - reported data fell within the normal range of about 10 to 15 cm .
" I thought people would report themselves as being very big , but they have been quite average , " she says .
Marrying up penis length data with responses to questions about perception , health and lifestyle revealed :
MEN with larger than average penises also reported higher levels of self - esteem , better general health and higher overall body satisfaction .
MEN who were happy with the size of their penis were also less likely to have used an online dating service , or to have used viagra .
OVERWEIGHT men had lower self - esteem , higher body dissatisfaction and greater use of the internet for socialising .
" We have relatively little data about the body image of men because most of the research in this area concentrates on women , " Ms Chan says .
" It means men do n't really get much help in terms of therapy , and options out there to get help . "
YouTube is one of many wildly popular Google properties .
Jeff J. Mitchell / Getty Images
Google offers a ridiculous number of online services .
There 's the flagship Google search engine , Gmail , Google Maps , Google Earth , Google News , Google Talk , Google Docs and Google Calendar , just to scratch the surface .
Then there are popular Google - owned Web sites like YouTube , Picasa and Blogger .
All of these services are absolutely free .
So , how does Google make money ?
Does it make money at all ?
Since Google 's debut , a persistent rumor asserts that the company has no business model and therefore makes no profit .
That 's one seriously misguided myth .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In 2008 , Google made nearly $ 22 billion [ source : Google ] .
Ninety - seven percent of the company 's revenue came from advertising .
How did they pull this off ?
Google has developed two highly profitable advertising models : Google AdWords and Google AdSense .
AdWords are the advertisements that appear during Google searches above and beside the main search results .
They 're labeled as " Sponsored Links . "
Advertisers can use AdWords to write short text ads and tag them with keywords .
Google then uses complicated algorithms to find the most relevant ads for certain Google searches .
The advertiser does n't pay Google each time his or her ad is shown .
He or she only pays when someone clicks on his or her ad .
Click - through costs can be as low as 10 cents , so it 's not a steep investment for advertisers .
But for Google , all of those dimes add up quickly .
AdSense works in a similar way , but the text ads surface on non-Google Web sites .
If you run a Web site and want to earn a little advertising revenue , you can sign up with AdSense .
Google uses its algorithms to show pertinent ads to site visitors .
Every time a visitor clicks on an ad , the advertiser pays Google 10 cents or $ 20 , depending on the popularity of a particular keyword .
Google then gives you , the Web site owner , a small slice of that fee .
Keep in mind that all of that revenue is n't pure profit :
After a year of investment losses and general economic havoc , Google turned a profit of $ 4 billion in 2008 .
In the final quarter of 2008 , however , it experienced its first - ever drop in quarterly profit [ source : Liedtke ] .
MOUNTAIN VIEW , Calif .
BOXES lined the cubicles and hallways in the offices of Mozilla on a recent afternoon , and its chief executive , John Lilly , seemed a bit disoriented as he looked for a place to sit .
Mozilla , which makes the Firefox Web browser , had just moved from one end of this city to the other , mainly to gain more space for its growing work force .
Yet it was hard not to read symbolism into the move .
Mozilla ’s old offices were next door to Google ’s sprawling headquarters .
For several years , Google has been Mozilla ’s biggest ally and patron .
But in September , it also became Mozilla ’s competitor when it unveiled its own Web browser , Chrome .
So it seemed only natural for Mozilla to move out from under Google ’s shadow .
“ We ’ve learned how to compete with Microsoft and Apple , ” says Mr. Lilly , a soft - spoken , earnest 38 - year - old .
“ Google is a giant , of course , and competing with them means we are competing with another giant , which is a little tiring . ”
Those big companies were n’t giving much thought to browsers when Firefox was released in 2004 , and neither were most ordinary Web users .
A browser was just a window onto the Web , and people used whatever was already installed on a computer .
Usually that meant Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer .
Well , my TV - owning neighbors were all away last night , so I could n't watch the McCaughey - Stewart showdown by peering through their windows and had to see it just now on the web .
Clips below , starting with the first segment of the interview as broadcast .
Three conclusions :
Conclusion one : I have been far too soft on Betsy McCaughey .
Even when conferring on her the title of " most destructive effect on public discourse by a single person " for the 1990s .
She is way less responsible and tethered to the world of " normal " facts and discourse than I had imagined .
Conclusion two :
The exchange is significant , because it demonstrates that there is indeed a way to " handle " Jon Stewart .
You simply have to ignore what he says , interrupt and talk over him , and keep asserting that you 're right .
You even can try to usurp his role as host by mugging at the audience and rolling your eyes in a shared " there he goes again ! " joke with the viewers .
In retrospect , this is the crucial weakness that in their different ways both Bill Kristol and Jim Cramer revealed in their appearances on the show .
They listened to Stewart and -- even Kristol !!?! -- revealed through their bearing that they recognized there was such a thing as being caught in an inconsistency or presented with an inconvenient fact .
McCaughey did none of that .
She is just making it up , as anyone who has followed her work over the decades will know .
She was not even minimally prepared for her appearance on the show , flipping aimlessly through the giant briefing book ( of legislative clauses ) she brought on stage .
But she did n't let it bother her .
The exchange demonstrated that if the guest reveals no self - awareness or does not accept the premise of factual challenge , Stewart can't get in his normal licks .
Future guests will study this show .
Violent clashes between Hamas and a small group of Islamist extremists - the Jund Ansar Allah - turned the spotlight on the emergence of a new generation of Palestinian terrorism .
Unlike Islamist groups as Hamas and Islamic Jihad , whose agenda is religiously connoted but nationalist at its core , the new groups are influenced by al - Qaeda 's ideology of global jihad .
The appearance of such groups has severe implications and should be a wake up call for the International Community and Israel .
The clashes erupted after the Friday prayer on the 14th of August around and inside a mosque in a refugee camp in Rafah .
Reports vary between 24 and 28 persons killed and over 100 injured .
The organization 's leader , the cleric Abdel - Latif Moussa died in the shootout .
Jund Ansar Allah ( Soldiers of the Followers of God ) is one of several small groups in the Gaza Strip that adopted al - Qaida 's ideology of global jihad and is accusing Hamas of being too liberal , betraying ' real '
Islam by embracing democracy and delaying the establishment of an Islamic state based solely on Sharia .
This year Jund Ansar Allah came to public attention by attacking several Internet cafe 's and a wedding celebration , as well as through an unsuccessful but spectacular horseback raid of an Israeli border post .
This development is to a considerable extend the fault of the International Community and Israel , as they were not able to adopt a constructive approach towards Palestinian mainstream Islamism , represented by Hamas .
Since Hamas won the Palestinian parliamentary elections in 2006 , the Middle East Quartet and Israel tried to isolate Hamas in favor of Fatah , actually at the expense of Palestinian democracy .
Even after the following bloody takeover of the Gaza Strip by Hamas , they pursued their approach with the West - Bank - First - Strategy .
The rationale behind this strategy is to reduce Hamas ' support by the Palestinian population in favor of Fatah which is considered to be more secular and peaceful .
As the West Bank fails to become a model of democracy and development as hoped , and the humanitarian situation in the Gaza Strip is desperate after two years of siege and the January war , it is not surprising , that this strategy does not work at all .
Moreover , everybody with the slightest interest in a peace process in the region should be alarmed by the emergence of groups embracing al - Qaeda 's ideology .
Unlike Hamas , which is of course radical and extremist but has a rational agenda and has shown ability and flexibility for moderation in the past , these groups could not be integrated in any future peace process .
Considering this it becomes obvious that it is high time for a new approach .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Updated with comment from Google : A group of Android developers has splintered off and created its own community in the wake of last week ’s dust - up between Google and Steve Kondik .
The developer , who ’s known as Cyanogen , drew the Internet giant ’s attention by offering a free , after - market firmware product that bundled proprietary Google apps such as Gmail , Market , Talk and YouTube in a package dubbed CyanogenMod .
Google filed a cease - and - desist order over the software last week , and Kondik responded in a blog post that the proprietary offerings will be dropped from CyanogenMod :
“ These are not part of the open source project and are only part of “ Google Experience ” devices .
They are Google ’s intellectual property and I intend to respect that .
I will no longer be distributing these applications as part of CyanogenMod .
But it ’s OK .
None of the go - fast stuff that I do involves any of this stuff anyway .
We need these applications though , because we all rely so heavily on their functionality .
I ’d love for Google to hand over the keys to the kingdom and let us all have it for free , but that ’s not going to happen .
And who can blame them ? ”
What the web is saying : Ars Technica : Google is certainly entitled to protect its legal rights and has done exactly that throughout the course of the Cyanogen controversy …
Android had the opportunity to be the open answer to Apple ’s walled garden , but instead it ’s just a walled garden with a lower wall .
ZDNet : In the end this was an open source dispute , handled by open source developers in an open source way .
Let ’s find a workaround .
Let ’s find a way to get along .
There ai n’t no one here but us chickens .
Phandroid :
The group says an alpha version of the software will be available from two weeks to two months from now , but I think that is an incredibly optimistic goal given the scope of the project .
Especially since the whole plan may be based on a legal impossibility .
Kondik ’s conciliatory post notwithstanding , Google ’s legal maneuvering does seem to have taken the developer community by surprise .
While licensing issues are commonplace when open source software is combined with proprietary offerings , platform vendors are often unwilling to risk upsetting developers by pursuing legal action .
And the move seems to contradict Google ’s public evangelizing of the importance of open source in mobile .
Google ’s actions in relation to the open source community have given birth to the Open Android Alliance , which apparently does not claim Kondik as a member .
Do n’t confuse it with Google ’s Open Handset Alliance , either .
The newly formed group ’s simple goal is stated on its home page :
“ We aim to replace all closed source , proprietary applications in the base Android install with open source applications that can be freely distributed .
We do n’t have anything against the existing closed applications , however , we believe in open platforms and want all users to be able to modify their systems as they see fit . ”
Conflicts with developers are nothing new in mobile , of course .
Apple has drawn considerable flack for its seemingly arbitrary approval policies for App Store offerings , and Google was criticized for what some viewed as a closed development process before its commercial debut .
But this could be a crucial moment for Android , which is still in its early days .
Open source developers will look to create alternatives to Google ’s proprietary offerings , competing with the very company that provides the platform .
And discouraged mobile developers have a host of attractive platforms to build to , including the iPhone , Palm ’s webOS and RIM ’s BlackBerry .
The “ de - Googlification of Android ” is n’t unexpected , Alexander Muse of the Dallas - based publisher Big In Japan , which makes the popular ShopSavvy Android app , said via e-mail .
And it is n’t necessarily a bad thing :
“ I suspect that Google will attempt to protect its ( unregistered ) trademark ‘ Android ’ and seek to prevent them from using the Android name in their project .
We do n’t have time to mess around with turf wars like this ….
If they drop the ball I see LOTS of need for efforts like this .
At the end of the day this is a good thing for the hacker community ( i.e. techie types ) and for Google .
This does n’t stop Google and their strategy – it actually helps it . ”
Google ’s desire to keep a tight hold on its proprietary apps , especially given the enormous potential mobile holds for such offerings , in understandable .
And I think Muse could be right that it could benefit Google in the long run .
But this tempest in a teapot is expanding by the day , and a misstep by Google could do massive damage to its developer relationships .
Update : A Google spokesperson sent us the following statement :
The power of open source is that the community can shape it as they see fit .
One thing we know for certain — innovation does n’t come from a single source .
Google supports and encourages developers to make Android better .
One in six UK homes ' has no work '
The number of children in workless households has risen
More than one in six UK homes which house at least one person of working age does not have anyone in employment , official statistics show .
This is the highest rate since 1999 , the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) said .
The number of workless households hit 3.3 million in April to June , a 240,000 rise compared with a year earlier .
The issue was most acute in the north - east of England , and the lowest rate was in the eastern region of England .
A workless household is defined by the ONS as a home which includes at least one person of working age , where nobody aged 16 or over is in employment .
As a result , the workless household figure is higher than the number of people who are counted unemployed - 2.35 million - as it includes people such as early retirees , full - time students or those receiving disability benefit who are not included in the official unemployment statistics .
Employment Minister Jim Knight said the government was investing an extra £ 5 bn to help get people back into work .
" The number of children in workless households remains over 200,000 lower than in 1997 as a result of Labour 's reforms , " he said .
" But the credit crunch is still affecting families everywhere , and that 's why programmes such as the £ 1bn Future Jobs Fund to create 150,000 new jobs are so important . "
Statistics
The proportion of households where no adults work rose by 1.1 % in April to June 2009 compared with the same period a year earlier , to 16.9 % - or nearly one in six working - age households .
' No - one in our house works '
This was the highest rate since 1999 and marked the largest year - on - year increase since comparable statistics were first collected in 1997 .
The rate was highest in the north - east of England - 23.2 % - and lowest in the east of England - 12.2 % .
Of the households that are workless , the rate was highest in lone - parent households , at 40.4 % , followed by one - person households , at 30.1 % .
But the proportion of lone parents who are in work has risen again .
This was up 0.4 % in the second quarter of the year compared with the same period a year ago , to 56.7 % .
More married and cohabiting fathers are spending time at home , rather than at work , the figures show .
The employment rate of this group showed the largest fall , down 2.1 % to 88.8 % .
Both the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats have criticised the government over the figures .
Shadow work and pensions secretary Theresa May said the data painted " a bleak picture " .
" Unless Labour takes some decisive action , we risk losing a generation of young people , " she added .
The Liberal Democrats ' work and pensions spokesman , Steve Webb , said the government had to ensure the unemployed were given more help much earlier .
" The alarming jump in the number of households where no one is working is a sure sign that the recession will have a devastating impact on hundreds of thousands of families . " he added .
' Recession effect '
The total number of working - age people in workless households stood at 4.8 million in April to June 2009 , up 500,000 on a year earlier .
The number of children in workless households also increased , the figures show .
This was up 170,000 to 1.9 million .
" The distribution of unemployment among households has the effect of concentrating the negative consequences of worklessness among families where no family member works , " said John Atkinson , associate director at the Institute for Employment Studies .
" Eighteen months ago , worklessness was in decline .
Government programmes encouraging lone parents and the long - term sick back into employment were a part of that success story .
Today we can see that the recession is unravelling much of that progress .
" The concentration of worklessness among families has serious consequences for the children within them , and this cuts directly across government policy on child poverty . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The US has , in the 20th century , slipped into a state of perpetual war with no end in sight .
Constant meddling , occupations , bombings , troop deployments , nation building have become but a mere sideshow which public opinion appears to shrug at .
Hardest hit are the poor and the middle class .
Their tax money has been spent on bombings and killings across the globe .
Their future earnings have been borrowed against to pay for yet more bombings and killing .
Their kids have been sent off to unknown lands , many have died , even more have returned with devastating injuries .
Many of them have imported the habits of drug use and abuse and have ended up homeless .
No less than a quarter of all homeless people are war veterans .
Economically , there is nothing more disruptive to the general welfare than a state of perpetual war .
Not only does it stifle progress .
It destroys productive assets and most importantly human lives .
President Obama has stepped up the Bush administration ’s horrendous drive for more resources for more wars , just as George Bush had stepped up the global depredations perpetrated by President Clinton .
It is an ongoing , consistent development .
The public is conditioned to it in a slow process , kind of like the notorious frog is slowly boiled in water of increasing temperature .
But for Ron Paul , very few people in politics have consistently argued for an unconditional withdrawal of all US troops from all foreign countries .
Whoever argues for it is met with nothing but rolling eyes , cynicism , shouting , and ridicule .
Hired “ experts ” stand ready to make up a whole slew of arguments as to why “ it just dos n’t work that way ” .
( Ironically it is those experts who have been wrong on every single foreign policy prediction they made .
Meanwhile , our movement has been predicting virtually every major backlash and blowback that would inevitably ensue from the US ’s foreign meddling . )
But all this is expectable .
It is the way latter day profits and civil leaders were always met in public until their dreams became reality and people realized the truth behind their ideas .
A change in foreign policy is long overdue .
Thus Murray Rothbard is always a good read .
His consistent application of his beliefs in peace and freedom is unparalleled .
The governments of the world would be well advised to follow his recommendations on foreign policy , in particular the United States .
Below I posted the chapter “ On Relations Between States ” where he lays the foundation for libertarian foreign policy :
EACH STATE HAS AN assumed monopoly of force over a given territorial area , the areas varying in size in accordance with different historical conditions .
Foreign policy , or foreign relations , may be defined as the relationship between any particular State , A , and other States , B , C , D , and the inhabitants living under those States .
In the ideal moral world , no States would exist , and hence , of course , no foreign policy could exist .
Given the existence of States , however , are there , any moral principles that libertarianism can direct as criteria for foreign policy ?
The answer is broadly the same as in the libertarian moral criteria directed toward the “ domestic policy ” of States , namely to reduce the degree of coercion exercised by States over individual persons as much as possible .
Before considering inter-State actions , let us return for a moment to the pure libertarian stateless world where individuals and their hired private protection agencies strictly confine their use of violence to the defense of person and property against violence .
Suppose that , in this world , Jones finds that he or his property is being aggressed against by Smith .
It is legitimate , as we have seen , for Jones to repel this invasion by the use of defensive violence .
But , now we must ask : is it within the right of Jones to commit aggressive violence against innocent third parties in the course of his legitimate defense against Smith ?
Clearly the answer must be “ No . ”
For the rule prohibiting violence against the persons or property of innocent men is absolute ; it holds regardless of the subjective motives for the aggression .
It is wrong , and criminal , to violate the property or person of another , even if one is a Robin Hood , or is starving , or is defending oneself against a third man ’s attack .
We may understand and sympathize with the motives in many of these cases and extreme situations .
We ( or , rather , the victim or his heirs ) may later mitigate the guilt if the criminal comes to trial for punishment , but we cannot evade the judgment that this aggression is still a criminal act , and one which the victim has every right to repel , by violence if necessary .
In short , A aggresses against B because C is threatening , or aggressing against , A . We may understand C’s “ higher ” culpability in this whole procedure , but we still label this aggression by A as a criminal act which B has every right to repel by violence .
To be more concrete , if Jones finds that his property is being stolen by Smith , Jones has the right to repel him and try to catch him , but Jones has no right to repel him by bombing a building and murdering innocent people or to catch him by spraying machine gun fire into an innocent crowd .
If he does this , he is as much ( or more ) a criminal aggressor as Smith is .
The same criteria hold if Smith and Jones each have men on his side , i.e. , if “ war ” breaks out between Smith and his henchmen and Jones and his bodyguards .
If Smith and a group of henchmen aggress against Jones , and Jones and his bodyguards pursue the Smith gang to their lair , we may cheer Jones on in his endeavor ; and we , and others in society interested in repelling aggression , may contribute financially or personally to Jones ’s cause .
But Jones and his men have no right , any more than does Smith , to aggress against anyone else in the course of their “ just war ” : to steal others ’ property in order to finance their pursuit , to conscript others into their posse by use of violence , or to kill others in the course of their struggle to capture the Smith forces .
If Jones and his men should do any of these things , they become criminals as fully as Smith , and they too become subject to whatever sanctions are meted out against criminality .
In fact if Smith ’s crime was theft , and Jones should use conscription to catch him , or should kill innocent people in the pursuit , then Jones becomes more of a criminal than Smith , for such crimes against another person as enslavement and murder are surely far worse than theft .
Suppose that Jones , in the course of his “ just war ” against the ravages of Smith , should kill some innocent people ; and suppose that he should declaim , in defense of this murder , that he was simply acting on the slogan , “ give me liberty or give me death . ”
The absurdity of this “ defense ” should be evident at once , for the issue is not whether Jones was willing to risk death personally in his defensive struggle against Smith ; the issue is whether he was willing to kill other innocent people in pursuit of his legitimate end .
For Jones was in truth acting on the completely indefensible slogan : “ Give me liberty or give them death ” — surely a far less noble battle cry .
War , then , even a just defensive war , is only proper when the exercise of violence is rigorously limited to the individual criminals themselves .
We may judge for ourselves how many wars or conflicts in history have met this criterion .
It has often been maintained , and especially by conservatives , that the development of the horrendous modern weapons of mass murder ( nuclear weapons , rockets , germ warfare , etc. ) is only a difference of degree rather than kind from the simpler weapons of an earlier era .
Of course , one answer to this is that when the degree is the number of human lives , the difference is a very big one .
But a particularly libertarian reply is that while the bow and arrow , and even the rifle , can be pinpointed , if the will be there , against actual criminals , modern nuclear weapons cannot .
Here is a crucial difference in kind .
Of course , the bow and arrow could be used for aggressive purposes , but it could also be pinpointed to use only against aggressors .
Nuclear weapons , even “ conventional ” aerial bombs , cannot be .
These weapons are ipso facto engines of indiscriminate mass destruction .
( The only exception would be the extremely rare case where a mass of people who were all criminals inhabited a vast geographical area . )
We must , therefore , conclude that the use of nuclear or similar weapons , or the threat thereof , is a crime against humanity for which there can be no justification .
This is why the old cliche no longer holds that it is not the arms but the will to use them that is significant in judging matters of war and peace .
For it is precisely the characteristic of modern weapons that they cannot be used selectively , cannot be used in a libertarian manner .
Therefore , their very existence must be condemned , and nuclear disarmament becomes a good to be pursued for its own sake .
Indeed , of all the aspects of liberty , such disarmament becomes the highest political good that can be pursued in the modern world .
For just as murder is a more heinous crime against another man than larceny so mass murder — indeed murder so widespread as to threaten human civilization and human survival itself — is the worst crime that any man could possibly commit .
And that crime is now all too possible .
Or are libertarians going to wax properly indignant about price controls or the income tax , and yet shrug their shoulders at or even positively advocate the ultimate crime of mass murder ?
If nuclear warfare is totally illegitimate even for individuals defending themselves against criminal assault , how much more so is nuclear or even “ conventional ” warfare between States !
Let us now bring the State into our discussion .
Since each State arrogates to itself a monopoly of violence over a territorial area , so long as its depredations and extortions go unresisted , there is said to be “ peace ” within the area , since the only violence is continuing and one - way , directed by the State downward against its people .
Open conflict within the area only breaks out in the case of “ revolutions , ” in which people resist the use of State power against them .
Both the quiet case of the State unresisted and the case of open revolution may be termed “ vertical violence ” : violence of the State against its public or vice versa .
In the existing world , each land area is ruled over by a State organization , with a number of States scattered over the earth , each with a monopoly of violence over its own territory .
No super - state exists with a monopoly of violence over the entire world ; and so a state of “ anarchy ” exists between the several States .
2
And so , except for revolutions , which occur only sporadically , the open violence and two - sided conflict in the world takes place between two or more States , i.e. , what is called “ international war ” or “ horizontal violence . ”
Now there are crucial and vital differences between inter-State warfare on the one hand and revolutions against the State or conflicts between private individuals on the other .
In a revolution the conflict takes place within the same geographical area : both the minions of the State and the revolutionaries inhabit the same territory Inter - State warfare , on the other hand , takes place between two groups , each having a monopoly over its own geographical area , i.e. , it takes place between inhabitants of different territories .
From this difference flow several important consequences :
(1) In inter -State war , the scope for the use of modern weapons of mass destruction is far greater .
For if the escalation of weaponry in an intra-territorial conflict becomes too great , each side will blow itself up with the weapons directed against the other .
Neither a revolutionary group nor a State combatting revolution , for example , can use nuclear weapons against the other .
But , on the other hand , when the warring parties inhabit different territorial areas , the scope for modern weaponry becomes enormous , and the entire arsenal of mass devastation can come into play .
A second corollary consequence ( 2 ) is that while it is possible for revolutionaries to pinpoint their targets and confine them to their State enemies , and thus avoid aggressing against innocent people , pinpointing is far less possible in an inter-State war .
This is true even with older weapons ; and , of course , with modern weapons there can be no pinpointing whatever .
Furthermore , ( 3 ) since each State can mobilize all the people and resources in its territory , the other State comes to regard all the citizens of the opposing country as at least temporarily its enemies and to treat them accordingly by extending the war to them .
Thus , all of the consequences of inter-territorial war make it almost inevitable that inter-State war will involve aggression by each side against the innocent civilians — the private individuals — of the other .
This inevitability becomes absolute with modern weapons of mass destruction .
If one distinct attribute of inter-State war is inter-territoriality , another unique attribute stems from the fact that each State lives by taxation over its subjects .
Any war against another State , therefore , involves the increase and extension of taxation - aggression against its own people .
Conflicts between private individuals can be , and usually are , voluntarily waged and financed by the parties concerned .
Revolutions can be , and often are , financed and fought by voluntary contributions of the public .
But State wars can only be waged through aggression against the taxpayer .
All State wars , therefore , involve increased aggression against the State ’s own taxpayers , and almost all State wars ( all , in modern warfare ) involve the maximum aggression ( murder ) against the innocent civilians ruled by the enemy State .
On the other hand , revolutions are often financed voluntarily and may pinpoint their violence to the State rulers ; and private conflicts may confine their violence to the actual criminals .
We must therefore conclude that , while some revolutions and some private conflicts may be legitimate , State wars are always to be condemned .
Some libertarians might object as follows : “ While we too deplore the use of taxation for warfare , and the State ’s monopoly of defense service , we have to recognize that these conditions exist , and while they do , we must support the State in just wars of defense . ”
In the light of our discussion above , the reply would go as follows : “ Yes , States exist , and as long as they do , the libertarian attitude toward the State should be to say to it , in effect : ‘ All right , you exist , but so long as you do , at least confine your activities to the area which you monopolize . ’”
In short , the libertarian is interested in reducing as much as possible the area of State aggression against all private individuals , “ foreign ” and “ domestic . ”
The only way to do this , in international affairs , is for the people of each country to pressure their own State to confine its activities to the area which it monopolizes , and not to aggress against other State - monopolists — particularly the people ruled by other States .
In short , the objective of the libertarian is to confine any existing State to as small a degree of invasion of person and property as possible .
And this means the total avoidance of war .
The people under each State should pressure “ their ” respective States not to attack one another , and , if a conflict should break out , to negotiate a peace or declare a cease - fire as quickly as physically possible .
Suppose further that we have that rarity — an unusually clear - cut case in which the State is actually trying to defend the property of one of its citizens .
A citizen of country A travels or invests in country B , and then State B aggresses against his person or confiscates his property .
Surely , our libertarian critic might argue , here is a clear - cut case where State A should threaten or commit war against State B in order to defend the property of “ its ” citizen .
Since , the argument runs , the State has taken upon itself the monopoly of defense of its citizens , it then has the obligation to go to war on behalf of any citizen , and libertarians must support such a war as a just one .
But the point again is that each State has a monopoly of violence , and therefore of defense , only over its territorial area .
It has no such monopoly — in fact it has no power at all - over any other geographical area .
Therefore , if an inhabitant of country A should move to or invest in country B , the libertarian must argue that he thereby takes his chances with the State monopolist of country B , and that it would be immoral and criminal for State A to tax people in country A and to kill numerous innocents in country B in order to defend the property of the traveller or investor .
It should also be pointed out that there is no defense against nuclear weapons ( the only current “ defense ” being the threat of “ mutually assured destruction ” ) and , therefore , that the State cannot fulfill any sort of international defense function so long as these weapons exist .
The libertarian objective , then , should be , regardless of the specific causes of any conflict , to pressure States not to launch wars against other States and , should a war break out , to pressure them to sue for peace and negotiate a cease - fire and a peace treaty as quickly as physically possible .
This objective , incidentally , was enshrined in the old - fashioned international law of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , i.e. , the ideal that no State aggress against the territory of another — which is now called the “ peaceful coexistence ” of States .
Suppose , however , that despite libertarian opposition , war has begun and the warring States are not negotiating a peace .
What , then , should be the libertarian position ?
Clearly , to reduce the scope of assault against innocent civilians as much as possible .
Old - fashioned international law had two excellent devices for this purpose : the “ laws of war , ” and the “ laws of neutrality ” or “ neutrals ’ rights . ”
The laws of neutrality were designed to keep any war that breaks out strictly confined to the warring States themselves , without aggression against the States , or particularly the peoples , of the other nations .
Hence , the importance of such ancient and now forgotten American principles as “ freedom of the seas ” or severe limitations upon the rights of warring States to repress neutral trade with the enemy country .
In short , the libertarian position is to induce the warring States to observe fully the rights of neutral citizens .
For their part , the “ laws of war ” were designed to limit as much as possible the invasion by warring States of the rights of the civilians of the respective warring countries .
As the British jurist F.J.P. Veale put it :
The fundamental principle of this code was that hostilities between civilized peoples must be limited to the armed forces actually engaged .
. . .
It drew a distinction between combatants and noncombatants by laying down that the sole business of the combatants is to fight each other and , consequently that noncombatants must be excluded from the scope of military operations .
In condemning all wars , regardless of motive , the libertarian knows that there may well be varying degrees of guilt among States for any specific war .
But his overriding consideration is the condemnation of any State participation in war .
Hence , his policy is that of exerting pressure on all States not to start or engage in a war , to stop one that has begun , and to reduce the scope of any persisting war in injuring civilians of either side or no side .
One corollary of the libertarian policy of peaceful coexistence and nonintervention between States is the rigorous abstention from any foreign aid , aid from one State to another .
For any aid given by State A to State B ( 1 ) increases the tax aggression against the people of country A , and ( 2 ) aggravates the suppression by State B of its own people .
Let us see how libertarian theory applies to the problem of imperialism , which may be defined as the aggression of State A over the people of country B , and the subsequent maintenance of this foreign rule .
This rule could either be directly over country B , or indirectly through a subsidiary client State B. Revolution by the people of B against the imperial rule of A ( either directly or against client State B ) is certainly legitimate , provided again that the revolutionary fire be directed only against the rulers .
It has often been maintained by conservatives — and even by some libertarians — that Western imperialism over undeveloped countries should be supported as more watchful of property rights than any successor native government might be .
But first , judging what might follow the status quo is purely speculative , whereas the oppression of existing imperial rule over the people of country B is all too real and culpable .
And secondly , this analysis neglects the injuries of imperialism suffered by the Western taxpayer , who is mulcted and burdened to pay for the wars of conquest and then for the maintenance of the imperial bureaucracy .
On this latter ground alone , the libertarian must condemn imperialism .
Does opposition to all inter-State war mean that the Libertarian can never countenance change of geographical boundaries — that he is consigning the world to a freezing of unjust territorial regimes ?
Certainly not .
Suppose , for example , that the hypothetical State of “ Walldavia ” has attacked “ Ruritania ” and annexed the western part of the country .
The Western Ruritanians now long to be reunited with their Ruritanian brethren ( perhaps because they wish to use their Ruritanian language undisturbed ) .
How is this to be achieved ?
There is , of course , the route of peaceful negotiations between the two powers ; but suppose that the Walldavian imperialists prove adamant .
Or , libertarian Walldavians can put pressure on their State to abandon its conquest in the name of justice .
But suppose that this , too , does not work .
What then ?
We must still maintain the illegitimacy of the Ruritanian State ’s mounting a war against Walldavia .
The legitimate routes to geographical change are ( 1 ) revolutionary uprisings by the oppressed Western Ruritanian people , and ( 2 ) aid by private Ruritanian groups ( or , for that matter , by friends of the Ruritanian cause in other countries ) to the Western rebels — either in the form of equipment or volunteer personnel .
Finally , we must allude to the domestic tyranny that is the inevitable accompaniment of inter-State war , a tyranny that usually lingers long after the war is over .
Randolph Bourne realized that “ war is the health of the State . ” 6
It is in war that the State really comes into its own : swelling in power , in number , in pride , in absolute dominion over the economy and the society .
The root myth that enables the State to wax fat off war is the canard that war is a defense by the State of its subjects .
The facts are precisely the reverse .
For if war is the health of the State , it is also its greatest danger .
A State can only “ die ” by defeat in war or by revolution .
In war , therefore , the State frantically mobilizes the people to fight for it against another State , under the pretext that it is fighting for them .
Society becomes militarized and statized , it becomes a herd , seeking to kill its alleged enemies , rooting out and suppressing all dissent from the official war effort , happily betraying truth for the supposed public interest .
Society becomes an armed camp , with the values and the morale — as Albert Jay Nock once phrased it — of an “ army on the march . ”
After Sony 's PS3 slim announcement last week , many fans were dismayed the new model would no longer include backwards compatibility and the option to run Linux as an alternative operating system .
Sony stated the console 's ability to run PS2 games was n't a major " purchase intent driver " and therefore not worth the cost of including , yet remained relatively silent on the missing " OtherOS " option .
A forum response on Sony 's official Linux for Playstation 2 developer community sheds some new light on the feature 's removal .
A Sony rep explained the company is simply unwilling to bear costs of maintaining the hypervisor used for OtherOS support across major hardware revisions .
From the horse 's mouth :
The reasons are simple : The PS3 Slim is a major cost reduction involving many changes to hardware components in the PS3 design .
In order to offer the OtherOS install , SCE would need to continue to maintain the OtherOS hypervisor drivers for any significant hardware changes - this costs SCE .
One of our key objectives with the new model is to pass on cost savings to the consumer with a lower retail price .
Unfortunately in this case the cost of OtherOS install did not fit with the wider objective to offer a lower cost PS3 .
While Sony 's official line of software - related costs is reasonable from a corporate standpoint , others have speculated the company is n't pleased with the handful of private research labs , companies , and individuals using racks of PS3s as a relatively inexpensive Cell cluster node or workstation .
Because Sony sells the PS3 at a loss , any customer who does n't buy games for the console is bad for the bottom line .
That had some worried Sony intended to remove OtherOS compatibility from the original fat PS3 in a future software update .
Fortunately , a report on the blog GamesILike indicates old models will keep the functionality .
Another Sony rep wrote on a developer mailing list that : " SCE is committed to continue the support for previously sold models that have the ' install Other OS ' feature and that this feature will not be disabled in future firmware releases . "
If it 's a truly a software cost issue , it seems Sony could just slap an extra fee on those who want the OtherOS option .
The cost could probably be up there before it came close to the cost of buying specialized Cell hardware .
Or Sony could open the technology up to the Linux community to maintain ( ha ... ha ha .... hahahahahaha ! ) .
Well - a fellow can dream . ®
I wanted to code up a single - form application for updating / editing the PyGTA events .
Since it runs on Vex and I did n't want to bother them with setting up per-user WSGIs or TurboGears for me ( they do give me the space free , after all ) , I went with bald CGI .
Wow .
I 've written very large CGI - only systems ( VoIP provisioning system comes to mind immediately ) , but they were , effectively , using my own home - grown web framework with error handling , form abstractions , widgets , templates , etceteras .
By the time I * finished * them the API looked a lot like any other web framework , declarative models , views and controllers that view / manipulate them .
I work almost every day on TurboGears 2.0 applications for clients .
I 've given up my own Object - Relational wrapper for SQLAlchemy .
I 've embraced Genshi ( even for the CGI I used Genshi ) .
And TurboGears has just baked itself into my thinking so much that I sometimes overlook just how much the framework is doing for me .
Even simple things such as authentication ... you do n't really think about it when you 're inside a web framework stack , but it takes knowledge that seems to " slip away " with disuse .
You can spend an hour debugging ht password permissions problems if you 've been away from raw CGIs for a while .
Long story short .
Without a stack web - programming is a series of annoying , pointless , low - level pieces of trivia which must all be held aloft in the proper pattern at precisely the right time to catch the light of a query and return the glory of a page .
No single thing is hard , but the sum total is an annoyance that far outweighs the expected benefits of simplicity and portability .
12.01 pm : The motorcycle courier arrives at the door .
One leg of his trousers is rolled up to the knee .
He proffers his hand .
Our eyes meet in mutual recognition .
" Sorry I 'm so late , " he says .
" I was being followed . "
Five long years have I been waiting for this moment , years in which the Christian church has been strangely indifferent to the news that the body of Mary Magdalene has been found under the pyramid outside the Louvre .
So what difference should an extra three and a half hours have made ?
And yet I sensed there was not a minute to lose if I was to save the free world from the Rogue Freemasons .
I grabbed the book .
" Sign here , " he commanded .
Instead I drew a hand , the Hand of Mysteries .
The courier stepped back , his face blanched with fear .
" So y-y - you 're ... " he stammered .
" Yes , " I replied .
The race against narcolepsy had begun .
2.30 pm : A rash of italics mysteriously appears across the page .
We must be deep in the heart of the Freemason 's Hall , only yards from Capitol Hill in Washington , where an unnamed initiate is drinking wine from a skull .
Aha , he thought , within hours I will have the secrets of the universe .
Or something like that .
Robert Langdon looked out the window of the private jet as it prepared to land in Washington .
Only hours earlier he had just finished his usual morning ritual of swimming 35 miles to keep his figure trim , when his phone had rung .
It was from the office of Peter Solomon , his former mentor and richest man on the planet .
Would he deliver the annual Smithsonian lecture in the National Statuary Hall that evening ?
Mr Solomon would send his private jet to fly him from Boston .
" Good evening , Professor Langdon , " said a stewardess .
" I loved your last book . " "
You must have been the only one who did , " he muttered .
Mal 'akh examined his well - sculpted , 6ft 3ins body in the mirror .
Despite the teachings of Leviticus ( what 's that got to do with anything ? ) his whole body was adorned with mystical tattoos .
Save for a small bare patch on his bald head .
That will be filled in soon , he thought .
Now that I have been initiated into the 33rd Level of the Brotherhood , the Secrets will soon be mine .
For no very good reason , Langdon thought back to an exchange he had had with a student two semesters past .
The student had drawn him a map which showed that Washington had been laid out in Diabolic symbols .
" I think you 'll find , you 're mistaken , " he had laughed .
" It 's Detroit that was designed by the Devil .
Washington was planned by the Freemasons . "
Katherine Solomon was working in the top secret laboratory that had been given to her by her brother Peter in an unknown room of the Smithsonian repository .
Her research into Noetics was so far advanced that only Dan Brown could comprehend her work .
She checked her cell phone .
Her regular Sunday night meeting with her brother was still on .
His face covered with powder to cover his tattoos and his arm wrapped in a sling , Mal 'akh easily slipped past the armed security at the Capitol .
I really am the master of disguise .
Armed with the knowledge that he had tortured Peter into giving him - knowledge that only Katharine , Peter , Dan Brown and he possessed - Mal 'akh was only hours away from entering the portal .
It was all nearly in place .
Langdon hurried towards the Rotunda .
The lecture was due to start in five minutes and he was running late .
Still , he was well - prepared .
The Symbolism of the Freemasons was his latest research project and what better place than to deliver his lecture than in the hall designed by Benjamin Franklin and so many of the founding fathers of America and Freemasonry ?
He strode onwards through the clunky sentences and the turgid repetition of pointless information till he reached his destination .
His brow furrowed .
The Statuary Hall was empty .
His cell rang .
A maniacal laugh echoed through the ether .
Hahahahahaha ...
Do n't you think you 've been a little gullible ?
" Not as much as anyone who was up all night queuing for this crap " .
The conversation was interrupted by a scream .
A severed hand lay in the middle of the floor .
" Did you see anyone chuck a hand on the floor , " the armed security guard asked the man with the blond hair and blazer .
" No , " the man replied .
Outside the building Mal 'akh threw his blond wig and blazer into the bin before yet again cackling wildly .
I am the Master of Transformation .
Langdon picked up the hand .
It was Peter Solomon's .
It was still bleeding .
A good sign .
Peter must have been alive when it was severed .
He examined the hand more closely .
It had been tattooed to resemble the Masonic Hand of Mysteries .
The hand was an invitation to him to unlock a hidden portal .
It was madness .
But then Dan Brown was the author .
4.32 pm : Chapters 14–30
Mal 'akh pulled away from the Capitol in his stretch limo .
None of his other 59 cars gave him the same sense of power .
As he drove across the Potomac , he thought about Katharine Solomon .
Her top secret laboratory that nobody knew about was about to launch a new Renaissance , to inspire Mankind to rediscover the knowledge it had lost .
Her destiny was to light the torch of knowledge .
Mine is to extinguish it .
Katharine Solomon walked out of the darkness of her top secret laboratory that nobody knew about and into the brightness of her strip - lit office .
She sat down to reflect on the conversation she had had with her brother yesterday .
" Noetics is truly the most important science in the universe , " Peter had said .
" Truly , " she had replied .
" For though ordinary sceptical scientists have ignore my research I have been able to prove that mind can affect matter .
I have changed water into ice by telepathy . "
" You have only just scratched the surface , grasshopper , " he had continued .
" Some people might even one day believe Dan Brown can turn words into meaningful sentences . "
" Surely not ? "
" So it is written in the Book of Zohar , the legendary book of the Ancients that contains the Secrets of the Universe and which most people believe not to exist but thanks to my supernatural talent as Obi-Wan - Kanobe of the Masons I know can be accessed through a mystery portal " .
Langdon breathed heavily .
This book was an even bigger load of doggy than he had feared .
No wonder it had been delayed for so long .
But there was nothing else for it .
He had to tough it out .
His thoughts were interrupted by a security guard .
" I 've got Director Sato , head of some top secret division of the CIA for you . "
Inoue Sato was three feet six inches tall and riddled with throat cancer but she commanded instant respect .
" What 's going on ? " she rasped .
" I 've no idea , " Langdon said , a sentiment echoed by readers around the world , " but it looks as though I 'm being invited to jump through a legendary portal .
Even though there obviously is n't one . "
" Just do it , " Sato growled .
" If you give in to logic now then we have n't got a plot .
Just get a grip .
After all you are the bloke that saved the Catholic church from the Illuminati . "
With a third blond hairpiece draped artlessly across the finely concealed tattoos of his forehead , Mal'akh had completed his most brilliant transformation yet .
He was Dr Christopher Abbadon .
How easy it had been to secure a meeting with Peter Solomon !
All it had taken was a two hundred million dollar donation to the Masonic cause and his elevation to the 33rd Level has been assured .
Soon the Secrets would be his !
Not that Solomon had told him willingly ...
Langdon wrestled with the message tattooed on Solomon 's severed hand .
The stars and the serpents made sense but the runic IIIX885 had him foxed .
The same below as up .
Of course , the finger was meant to be pointing down .
SBBXIII .
What could that mean ?
Sato gasped .
" Nobody knows about Room SBBXIII " .
" It seems they do now , " Langdon groaned .
The cell phone rang and Katharine ran to answer .
" I'm Christopher Abbadon , your brother 's psychiatrist , " Mal 'akh said .
" He told me to meet you at the top secret laboratory that no one knows about .
Can you tell me the address ? "
" It 's in the Smithsonian , the first left after Wal - mart , " she replied , knowing she could trust someone who claimed to be her brother 's psychiatrist implicitly .
She turned to her assistant Trish , the most brilliant computer programmer on the planet .
" I need to trace a secret redacted file that contains the words UNDERGROUND , WASHINGTON , SYMBOLON , PYRAMIDS , ANCIENT PORTAL and COMPLETEBOLLOX . "
" That 's odd , " Trish said after a quick Google search .
" The website keeps pinging back .
It 's as if it was a governmental top - secret website though I know it is n't . "
Hhahahahahaha .
Mal 'akh let out another deranged laugh .
Everything was fitting into place .
How he had laughed when he had electrocuted Peter !
How he had enjoyed the look of shock on Peter 's face when he realised that Mal 'akh was the man he thought he had killed when he had tried to prevent his mother being murdered .
" You should have let me take the talisman there and then , " he had said , while severing Peter 's arm .
" No matter .
Soon the Secrets shall be mine ! "
Langdon fiddled with the talisman in his pocket .
He had no idea why Peter 's assistant had asked him to bring it from Boston .
Sato interrupted his train of thought .
" We are now in the Sub - Sub - Basement of the Senate she said .
" We are probably getting near to where Benjamin Franklin built a top secret pyramid to hide the secrets of the Universe .
Keep moving and find that Portal " .
5.48 pm : Chapters 31 - 45
Sato shone a torch inside Room SSBXIII and reeled in horror as a skull surrounded by two receptacles stared back at her .
" Aha , " said Langdon , apparently oblivious to the fact he was supposed to be in a top - secret basement room of the Senate that nobody had entered for years .
" It must be Peter 's Masonic Chamber of Reflection where he comes to meditate on the nature of death .
It 's all quite standard .
Masons have these things everywhere . "
" The skull may be standard , " Sato replied , ripping away a piece of old canvas that blocked a top - secret entrance at the back of the room .
" But this most certainly is n't . "
Langdon raised his eyebrows .
Tucked away in the top - secret annexe was a small pyramid with a piece missing off the top .
Surely this could n't be the portal ?
Sato picked up the pyramid and pointed to a hidden code on its side .
" Do you think you can make sense of this ? "
Do bears shit in the woods ?
" I 'll have to fiddle around to ratchet up some non-existent suspense first .
Oh look , there 's a piece missing .
I 'm not going to be able to do it after all . "
Mal 'akh followed Christine through the corridors towards the top - secret laboratory that no one knew about .
" Have a look at the giant squid we 've got preserved over there , " she said .
" No thanks , " Mal 'akh muttered , grabbing her by the throat and pushing her head into the tank .
As she drowned in a last fitful intake of ethanol , Mal 'akh took her security pass .
That would save a lot of time if Katharine proved tricky .
" You 're under arrest , " Sato yelled .
" You should never have held out on the CIA . "
Langdon blinked uncomprehendingly .
" I 've just taken an X - ray of your pocket and you 're carrying a small pyramid . "
Of course .
He had completely forgotten about the talismanic pyramid Solomon had given him for safekeeping and that the baddy had made him bring along .
It fitted perfectly on top of the unfinished pyramid in the top - secret entrance at the back of the room !
Now he could read the code .
" I think you 'll find it 's actually the capstone , " he replied , nerdishly going into pages of unnecessary detail about the meaning of pyramids in Masonic tradition .
" Either way , there 's no time to lose .
We have to enter the portal to unlock the secrets of the universe and save Peter , " Sato growled .
" But you are still under arrest . "
Just then a huge African - American man rushed into the room , knocking out both Sato and the security guard .
Instinctively , Langdon knew he should trust him .
" My name 's Nunez , " he said , " There 's even less time to lose . "
He flicked on a light and Langdon instantly realised the whole of Washington was connected by a series of underground tunnels .
Running for several miles through the passages , they eventually reached the living room of Warren Bellamy , the Architect of the Capitol .
" I 've always wanted to meet you , " Langdon said for no good reason .
" I can tell that you too are an important mason . "
" Of course I am .
I understand the Circle of Life and How It Moves Us All .
We 've got to find the portal . "
Langdon 's phone rang .
" Hahahahahahaha . "
It was that diabolical laughter again .
" Solve the riddle and find the Secrets of the Universe for me " , Mal 'akh sneered .
" The pyramid is too small to be a proper portal . "
" You fool .
It is just a symbol .
A portal leading to another portal . "
Langdon 's blood ran cold .
He had n't thought of that .
He rang his publisher .
" Looks like this one is going to go on a bit , " he warned .
" By the way , have you got that Katherine Solomon 's number . "
Katharine was getting agitated .
Where were Christine and Dr Abaddon ?
Her mobile phone rang .
" Robert Langdon here .
You 're in a spot of bother .
Your brother has had his arm cut off and Abaddon is a baddy . "
As she sat down , a powerful tattooed hand clamped her mouth shut .
7.18 pm : Chapters 46 – 66
Aha !
You thought Katherine was in trouble for a minute .
But with a superhuman effort she wriggled her slender 50kg frame away from Mal 'akh 's heavily muscled grasp and slid off into the dark recesses of the top - secret laboratory that no one knew anything about .
But how would she escape ?
Bellamy led Langdon into the reading room of the American Library of Congress .
" We 'll be safe here , " he said , fooling no one .
" Now get to work on the code .
Does it make any sense to you ? "
" Of course " , Langdon sneered .
" It 's a simple Masonic cipher .
Even one of my first year students at Harvard 's world - famous Department of Religious Symbology could solve this in a couple of minutes . "
Two minutes later , Langdon was looking perplexed .
He had solved the riddle but it meant nothing .
In another part of the building , Sato swore at her cryptographer .
" How can the cipher be meaningless ? " she yelled .
" The future of the free world depends on us finding the secrets contained in the portal . "
" The key to the cipher is in the capstone that Langdon has in his pocket . "
" Then go and get four guards to blow up the Reading Room and capture him . "
" The key to the cipher lies in the capstone , " said Bellamy .
" But it is too dangerous to put the two parts of the pyramid together .
Who knows what would happen to the world if the Secrets of the Universe were to be revealed . "
Mal 'akh spotted Katherine trying to summon help on her mobile phone .
A very stupid mistake .
A metal bar thudded into his head .
The mobile phone had been a decoy .
Katherine switched on all the lights , blinding him as she raced for the car .
She gunned the accelerator as his scaly tattooed hands tried to force open the door .
She had seen him before , she remembered , on the night her mother had been killed .
Time for a convenient bit of backstory about Peter 's wayward son Zachary who had been murdered in a Turkish jail after telling an inmate the story of the Solomon family pyramid .
The Solomon woman 's escape was a problem .
But not a serious one .
Having blown up the entire top - secret laboratory that no one had ever heard about , Mal 'akh decided to nip home for a change .
He too needed time to indulge in backstory .
It had been a stroke of luck being in the same Turkish jail as Zachary .
Once the fool had told him about the pyramid that contained the secrets of the universe , his death had been a foregone conclusion .
He 'd managed to pin the murder on a warder and escape unnoticed with Zachary 's fortune of $ 200 , before going off to a Greek island where he'd buffed himself up into Superman .
It had been a shame he'd been shot and left for dead when he'd come for the Pyramid last time .
But his hour had come etc .
The transformation was complete .
The Secrets of the Universe were soon to be his etc .
As she drove her Volvo up the stairs into the Reading Room of Congress , Katharine had more important things on her mind than worrying about losing five years of world - changing research at her top - secret laboratory that nobody knew about .
She was to be Robert 's love interest .
Who would have thought it ?
" Thank you for saving my life , " she cooed , holding him tightly .
" We have to unlock the Secrets of the Universe by putting the pyramid together . "
" Er , gosh , I suppose we ought to , " he said , " but I 'm still not sure this portal thingy really exists . "
" Of course it does , " Bellamy added gravely .
" You 're such a cynic .
Next you 'll be trying to tell me the creation story is n't true .
Every Top Mason knows there 's a Secret Staircase leading under Washington to the Fountain of All Knowledge . "
An explosion rocked the building .
" That will be Sato sending in a hit squad to get us , " he continued .
" You two go and hide in the top - secret conveyor belt that transports books around the Library and I 'll set up a diversion . "
The top - secret conveyor belt spat out Katherine and Robert into the hallowed halls of the Adams building .
" We 've got to solve the riddle to save Peter , " Katherine sobbed , pulling out the solid gold capstone .
They both blinked in amazement at the solid goldness of the capstone , before Robert spotted an inscription .
The
secret hides
within The Order
" Hmm , " Robert said .
" That 's a bit disappointing . "
" Look , " cried Katherine .
" There 's a date on the bottom .
AD 1514 . "
Robert smiled .
" Just what we need .
That 's not a date .
That 's a person . "
To be continued .
But not tonight as I 've had enough .
I expect you have too .
More first thing tomorrow …
8.11 am : Chapters 67 - 86
Elsewhere in Washington , a blind old man received a phone call .
Is there no help for the widow 's son ?
The same words uttered by King Solomon centuries ago !
It could only two things .
Warren Bellamy needed the help of a fellow Mason .
And the plot was going from bad to worse .
" AD stands for Albrecht Durer , " said Langdon , as they hurried through the cavernous Adams Building .
" He was the ultimate Renaissance Man .
To this day , no one but Dan Brown understands the messages in his art .
He makes Da Vinci look like a halfwit . "
And this makes the Da Vinci Code look like a masterpiece , Katherine thought .
" The painting we are looking for is Melencolia 1 , " he continued , " a cryptic work , blah blah , depicting how even My Genius has difficulty comprehending the Ancient Mysteries .
In alchemical terms , it represents our pathetic inability to turn lead into gold , something we are doing at the very moment – transforming leaden sentences into hard cash . "
" But all I see are symbols , " Katherine wailed .
" Look harder and you will see a regular polyhedron .
But it is not any regular polyhedron , it is a Magic Square that will enable us to decode the Pyramid ! "
Bellamy was pushed blindfolded into the back of an SUV .
What are they going to do with me ?
Eventually he was dragged into a top secret office .
" Where do we begin ? " said Sato .
Katherine 's eyes widened as Langdon rearranged the random letters to fit with the Magic Square created by Albrecht Durer , the great mystic artist who no one but Dan Brown can decode , in Melencolia1 .
Jeova Sanctus Unus .
One True God .
Oh no !
There were yet more layers to discover .
This book was going on and on .
Langdon shrugged as his phone rang .
" I was told by Bellamy that you needed sanctuary , " the blind old man said .
Mal 'akh was a bit pissed off he had n't been getting enough word count in the book recently .
So he stripped naked , muttered some rubbish about Boaz and Jachin , admired his Purification wrapped a virginal white loin cloth around his naked buttocks and checked his email .
WHAT YOU REQUIRE IS WITHIN REACH , his top - secret contact had written .
Langdon and Katherine rushed to the taxi stand .
" North - West on Massachusetts Avenue , " Katherine shouted as they got in .
Langdon was still perplexed by Jeova Sanctus Unus .
Their contact had told them to meet where Rome meets the Tiber and the pillars of Mount Sinai , blah blah .
The taxi - driver froze .
He recognised his passengers as the two people on the CIA 's most wanted list .
" Here 's what you do , " said a voice in his ear - piece .
" Tell me where you drop them and we 'll arrest them . "
" Go to Freedom Plaza instead , " Katherine yelled to the cabbie .
" If you overlay the Star of David on the Great Seal of America it spells out MASON . "
Sato stared hard at Bellamy .
" You have no idea what you have done , " she said .
" The man who has kidnapped Peter Solomon holds The Secret Power of the Universe and is Capable of initiating a serried of Events that will Profoundly Change The World As We Know It . "
Her phone rang , as all phones do when you need a way to shunt the plot along .
" Good , " she said , " They are going to the George Washington Masonic Memorial , inspired by the ancient lighthouse at Pharos and housing a spectacular bronze sculpture of George Washington in full Masonic regalia .
My 27 agents will soon have Langdon . "
" God damn , " cried 27 top CIA agents .
" Where are they ?
They 've given us the slip . "
Langdon smiled grimly as their train hurtled in the opposite direction to the George Washington Masonic Memorial where blah blah .
It had been just as well that Katherine had spotted the taxi driver was chatting to the CIA over the intercom and had created a diversion with the Star of David that had allowed them to escape !
It was time to get out .
Where better to find the One True God in the Washington National Cathedral , which stood on a tributary of the Potomac known as the Tiber and was built from stones from Mount Sinai ?
" You Masons are playing a very , very dangerous game , " Sato said for the 97th time .
" Peter Solomon is a threat to National Security .
The World is about to Suffer a Cataclysm from which it May Never Recover . "
" I ain't bovvered , " Bellamy replied .
" We Masons are always right . "
" Then look at this , " Sato smiled wanly , opening up her computer to reveal a top secret file .
Bellamy blanched .
It could n't be .
It was impossible .
What had he done etc ?
The world could be afflicted by a Terrible Cataclysm .
He had made a Dreadful Mistake .
Mal 'akh was pleased to have another chapter .
It gave him time to recall how he had once called himself Andros and to witter on about Elohim , Eli and John Milton .
He entered his Sanctum Sanctorum where he practised his Art and picked up the most famous knife in the Universe that he had bought for $ 3,000,000,000,000,000,000 million .
It was time for his Blood Eucharist His transformation was almost complete .
He was almost a masterpiece .
Which was more than can be said for this .
The old blind man was ready for them .
" You did n't expect the Cathedral Dean to be a Top Mason too , did you , " he smiled .
" No Father , " Langdon and Katherine muttered obediently .
" Well the Masons have a long connection with the Christian church , both of which organisations have dome untold good over the centuries , just to be clear so I do n't get Dan Brown into trouble with any important religious and secret organisations like he did in the past .
And just to be clear , it 's the Rogue Masons who are the baddies in this story , not the proper Masons who have done untold good blah blah ... "
" So what do we do next Father ? "
" Open your minds , O cynics , and accept the Masonic prophecies and the word of the Lord as literal truths . "
" He 's right , " exclaimed Katherine .
" If you just whack the pyramid in the right place it falls into a perfect Rosicrucian Cross .... "
" ... and if you place that in Peter 's Masonic ring , " Langdon continued excitedly , and twist it through 33 degrees , the magical level at which all knowledge is revealed to the Masons , it will spell out Isaac Newton .
The One True God is a pseudonym for Isaac Newton ...
" ... and through a simple alchemical process using Newtonian physics we can transform the pyramid again ! "
Katherine interrupted .
Mal 'akh took out the world 's most expensive knife costing $ 27,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 and castrated himself .
In order to create you had to destroy .
If only he had cut out a whole load more bollocks ...
10.34am : Chapters 87 - 112
As Katherine and Langdon rushed from the Washington National Cathedral , situated on a tributary of the Potomac known as the Tiber blah blah , the CIA agents closed in on the old blind man 's office .
It would be OK , he thought .
Tonight he had done God 's work and America would be grateful .
" Damn , " cried the 2,978 CIA agents .
" We 've missed them again . "
Down in the kitchen of a nearby edifice that might once have resembled a Roman temple , Katherine prepared to do her Newtonian physics .
" Science and mysticism are much more closely related than most people imagine , " she wittered , a sentiment that gave Richard Dawkins a mild cardiac infarction at his Oxfordshire home .
" We 've been thinking along the wrong tracks with 33 degrees .
We should n't have been trying to turn the pyramid through 33 degrees , though that obviously helped when we stuck it in the ring and it turned up Isaac 's name .
We should be heating it to 33 in Newtonian degrees – which is the sacred number for the boiling point of water – and through a process known as incandescence we should be able to read a top secret inscription that has been cunningly hidden on the surface . "
Katherine plugged in the kettle and she and Langdon smiled in grim satisfaction as the words EIGHT FRANKLIN SQUARE appeared on the pyramid .
So the Masons were right !
There was an actual portal to a secret vault under Washington , sometimes known as the American Rome , where all the secrets of the Universe had been concealed by America 's Founding Fathers , many of whom had been Masons .
" Right , " said Katherine .
" I know I threw away your cell phone when we were in the taxi to confuse the 97,612 CIA agents who were following us , but I want you to use your eidetic memory to remember the number of the person who tricked you in to giving the lecture .
That will be Mal 'akh and if we can get hold of him and give him the address we will be able to save my brother ! "
An unfamiliar voice answered Langdon 's call .
" It 's Secret Agent , Montgomery .
Mal 'akh has left his house , but we 've uncovered some interesting artefacts and found your brother with the cruelly severed arm . "
" Hoooooooray , " cried Katherine .
" Everything 's going to be fine .
Except it is n't because there 's still 150 pages to go . "
" Not so fast , " rasped Sato , inhaling an unfiltered cigarette into her cancerous throat .
" Finally I 've found you .
You have no idea what You 've Been Dealing With .
America Could Be About To Endure a Millennium of Darkness if The Secrets of the Universe Fall into the Wrong Hands .
But even though I 've been tracking you down with 112,657 Top Secret CIA agents for most of the book and have been threatening to put you in a Top Secret Maximum Security Prison , I 'm now going to work with you and let you go and collect your brother while I go and scout out EIGHT FRANKLIN SQUARE . "
" I 'm afraid I 've been a bit of a Silly - Billy even though I am one of America 's Top Masons , " Bellamy confessed .
" I 've been secretly sending Mal 'akh messages all through the book .
" Tell me something I did n't know , " said Mal 'akh and several million readers .
" Though frankly your messages do n't seem to have made much difference to the plot one way or the other . "
But enough of that .
It was time for him to grow some wings or some other such nonsense .
Langdon was puzzled by the appearance of some white globules that had appeared from nowhere on the base of the pyramid .
And then he understood .
Sincerely .
Sin Cerely .
Although we now use it as a polite form of address at the end of a letter , its original meaning was " without wax " .
And it was wax that was appearing at the base of the pyramid .
There was yet another inscription hidden on the pyramid by a Top secret coating of wax .
And putting the pyramid in boiling water had loosened it .
He hastily scratched away the surface and then scratched his head .
The base was covered in 64 indecipherable marks .
His puzzlement was interrupted by Katherine flying through the air .
And before he had time to work out what was going on , he was struck by a powerful force that rendered him unconscious .
" Mwahahahahahahahahaha , " Mal 'akh cackled repeatedly , while prancing around in his loin cloth and muttering strange incantations that had been lifted from the Wikipedia entry for Black Magic .
" I 've fooled you all again .
I tortured Secret Agent Montgomery – almost as much as I 've tortured the English language – into making you think everything was OK so you would come along .
I am the Warrior . Mwahahahahahahahahaha . "
Sato looked grumpily around FRANKLIN SQUARE .
There was no EIGHT FRANKLIN SQUARE .
The only building in sight was the towering neo-classical construction of the Temple of Harry Potter and The Ancient Order of Hippogryphs .
And it could n't be that .
He was back to SQUARE one .
FRANKLIN SQUARE ONE .
As Katherine wept gently into the bindings that secured her to the operating table , she thought back to Zachary and the Secret Powers of the Solomons .
This consoled her even more than philosophy consoled Alain de Botton and she started to concentrate her Noetic energy .
If only she could summon the Ghost of Noel Edmonds to Order the Cosmos , perhaps then she could use her mind to free her shackles .
Or perhaps not .
Langdon woke up to find himself in near darkness .
He was entombed in a coffin with only a small eye - hole for him to see out of .
Mal 'akh 's heavily tattooed body appeared at the Perspex .
" Solve the riddle of EIGHT FRANKLIN SQUARE or you die . "
As so often before , Langdon 's brain raced into overdrive .
Of course !
EIGHT FRANKLIN SQUARE was another CODE .
It was the EIGHT by EIGHT MAGIC SQUARE invented by BENJAMIN FRANKLIN one of the greatest Americans who had ever lived who also happened to be a MASON !
He gestured to Mal 'akh to rearrange the 64 incomprehensible symbols according to the EIGHT FRANKLIN SQUARE .
Langdon 's mind boggled .
Literally .
He could n't believe what he was seeing as the SQUARE fell into place .
" Mwahahahahahahahahahaha " .
Mal 'akh 's Satanic laugh echoed around the Top Secret basement where they were all hidden .
He turned to leave the room before returning , pushing a wheelchair in which Peter sat holding the stump from his hand that had been cruelly severed .
He then placed a line into Katherine 's veins to allow her to slowly bleed to death for no good reason .
The piece de resistance he left till last .
He switched on the tap and watched Langdon 's coffin fill with water .
Langdon knew he was drowning .
He tried to resist but eventually his reflex to breathe was too powerful .
Water filled his lungs .
He felt delirious .
He found himself thinking of the APOCALYPSE , The Verbum Significatium , the Verbum Omnificum , of the Lecture Peter Solomon had given in which he had made sure everyone knew you could be a Great and Loyal American and Still be a Mason and How the Book of Revelation was really all TRUE too .
He was all Consciousness .
Which was odd .
Because by now the readers were all Unconsciousness .
The house was empty .
Or so Sato thought as she looked round .
Mal 'akh had fled .
But where were the others ?
Just then she spotted a Top Secret Entrance into the Top Secret Hidden Basement .
She raced down the stairs .
Katherine was still alive .
Thank God !
Thank America !
" We need to get to THE SACRED MOUNTAIN , " she repeated gnomically .
But where was Langdon ?
Over there !
Sato forced open the coffin in which he had been drowning for the past half an hour .
Langdon spluttered .
" You did n't think you would get out of this book that easily , did you ? " she laughed grimly .
" For no very good reason , you 've been suspended in a Top Secret Breathable Liquid that the CIA has been developing in its Top Secret Laboratories .
So you 're still alive after all . "
Langdon looked pensive .
For the first time he felt he understood precisely what was going on .
Which was more than anyone reading it did ...
1.17 pm : Chapters 113 - Epilogue
Langdon gulped in the fresh air greedily , expunging the last traces of the Top Secret Breathable Water that no one seemed quite sure why Mal'akh had bothered to use instead of Secret Ordinary Water as he had been trying to kill him anyway .
" Hmm , " Langdon thought , not for the first time .
I know that Peter is alive .
He 's in Purgatory .
Lucky him .
This reader 's in Hell .
" Oh , goody goody , you 're alive after all , " said Katherine , kissing Langdon and wiping her tear - bespattered cheeks on his very smart turtle neck sweater .
" You must have been submerged in Top Secret Breathable Water .
Now we must follow Mal'akh to the Sacred Mountain where he 's taken Peter . "
" But we do n't know where it is .
And Mal'akh has taken the pyramid . "
" Oh yes we do , " Katherine smiled knowingly .
" Because you 've got an eidetic memory . "
Langdon closed his eyes and summoned his eidetic memory .
" They 've gone to Heredom " .
" Is that the Holy Mountain in Scotland ? "
" Do n't be so stupid .
Ca n't you guess that it's the jewel in the crown of the Masonic Scottish Rite in America ?
Mal'Akh wants to tattoo the Lost Word on his Head .
We have n't a moment to waste . "
" You can't come , " barked Sato .
" This is a matter of National Security which Threatens the Entire American Way of Life .
Only Top Secret Agents are allowed . "
" The hell I can 't , " Langdon riposted .
" I never miss the denouement of my own books .
But we can leave the love interest behind and catch up with her later . "
" OK " , Katherine simpered meekly .
Mal 'akh dragged Peter into the Altar Room of the Grand Masonic Temple that was bounded on all sides by Doric columns depicting the Hidden Secrets of the Ancient , blah , blah .
He imagines the Lost Word is a real word yet it 's only allegorical , thought Peter , himself baffled by the fact that for the first time in 450 pages he had had a thought that allowed that everything the Masons did was not entirely based on Fact .
He thought too some more about the mysteries of the number 33 .
There are a perfect 33 vertebrae in the human body .
LPs are played at 33 RPM .
The time had almost come .
Mal'Akh laid out the black crow's foot and the $ 798,000,000,000,000,000,000 knife that had come from the desert of Canaan and had once been held by Abraham as he prepared to sacrifice his son , Isaac .
" You really have n't understood anything , " he sneered at Peter .
Sato and Langdon looked on aghast .
Mal 'akh had secretly recorded all the initiation rites of the Masons in a video camera concealed in his blond hairpiece and now he was preparing to broadcast it to the world via the internet , a worldwide communications system that allowed simultaneous broadcast of files .
MESSAGE 29 % COMPLETE .
Images of Senators , the director of the CIA , Supreme Court Judges all dressed in bowler hats and wellington boots looking very stupid .
Even though he instinctively understood and was at great pains to point out , that the video had been selected to show the Masons in the worst possible light and to ignore the Tremendous Amount of Good Works they did Unnoticed for American Society , Langdon rather doubted whether the rest of America would take such an Enlightened View .
MESSAGE 53 % COMPLETE .
" You can see why I 've been obsessed with National Security , " Sato spat .
" If this gets out American Society will Be Changed Forever and the Forces of Darkness Will Have Won . "
Langdon nodded , though he Top Secretly wondered if Sato was n't being a bit ridiculous about the whole thing and that the readers might feel cheated by such a lame explanation .
MESSAGE 71 % COMPLETE .
" Tell me the Lost Word , " Mal 'akh screamed .
Peter was sweating profusely .
If the video unfairly showing the Masons looking a bit Crap were to get out then America As We Know It Would End .
And yet there was Lost Word .
He would have to make something up !
" Of course , " said Mal'akh , preparing to tattoo himself with human blood to affect the Final Transformation .
" It was bound to be that Simple .
By the way , I 'm surprised you did n't recognise me .
I 'm not really Mal'akh , I 'm your son Zachary , whom you left to rot in a Turkish jail .
Mwahahahahahahhaha . "
MESSAGE 97 % COMPLETE .
" Gosh , so you are .
Who would have thought it ?
Apart from most of the readers ? "
" Now sacrifice me so I can complete my Resurrection .
Or whatever it is I 'm supposed to be doing . "
" I'm a wee bit reluctant to kill my son but I have to put the Masons first in order to Preserve the American way of Life .
So here goes . "
There was a crash and a blinding light .
Mal 'akh smiled enigmatically .
So this is what it is like to be a God .
Langdon rushed in as the helicopter hovering overhead got too close to the cupola and sent shards of glass crashing to the altar below .
Oh bugger , thought Mal'akh , apparently amazed to find he had n't been transformed into a God after all .
" Help , " he sobbed .
" I 'm in a lot of pain and I do n't know if I 'm going to make it . "
MESSAGE 100 % COMPLETE .
" Oh do belt up , " Peter and Langdon laughed .
" No one 's interested in you any more so you can butt out of the story .
We 've got a few loose ends to tie up . "
" Damn , " Sato grimaced .
" He managed to get the very unfair Top Secret data about the Masons released over the internet , a worldwide etc. America Will Never Be The Same . "
" Relax , " said a computer geek appearing from nowhere .
" I cross -referenced bandwidths blah blah and was able to block the download .
America is Safe . "
Peter smiled .
Now that America was Safe he miraculously felt better himself .
Suddenly he was no longer bothered by the festering gangrenous stump from which his hand had been cruelly severed the day before and which might have caused a Lesser Person to seek help from a Hospital .
Instead he would arise from his Wheelchair and induct Langdon into the Final Mysteries .
" Have one more go at decoding the pyramid , " he instructed Langdon .
" Well I see the Symbolism of the Intelligent Design , the all seeing - eye , the singularity before Big Bank , whose intention was to make America
the Home of the Free and the Land of the Brave . "
" Look again .
The Meaning is More Literal . "
" Oh , I see , " Langdon nodded knowingly .
" The down sign means south .
So we now have to go to some other great American Landmark in Washington . "
Peter blindfolded Langdon for no good reason , only revealing the Top Secret location after they had arrived .
" Good Lord , " Langdon gasped .
" We 're at the top of the 555 foot tall Great Egyptian Obelisk and if I 'm not very much mistaken , the same words – LAUD DEO – that I 've just quickly translated from the pyramid are on the top of the Obelisk . "
" Laus Deo , Praise the Lord , " Peter replied , helpfully offering a simultaneous translation .
" That is what all Good Masons and all Good Americans should strive to do .
But have you also noticed there is a symbol on the pyramid telling you to look at the Cornerstone in the North - East . "
" So the Lost Word is buried under the North - east corner of the Obelisk ? "
" Not quite , " said Peter , getting even more irritating , if you can imagine that , by the second .
" Think of the Book of Psalms , Leviticus , Revelation and all that stuff . "
In the Beginning was the Word .
" I get it .
The Lost Word is the Bible . "
" Precisely .
The Founding Fathers buried a Bible , for within the Bible are all the Ancient Mysteries of the Universe . "
" Then Christianity must be the One True Faith . "
" I never said that , because I do n't want to piss off all the other non-Christian religions .
But obviously that 's what I mean .
How could it not be what with Jesus being American and all . "
Katherine bounded up the 555 feet to the top of the Obelisk and held Langdon tightly to her .
" You know in all the excitement I 've quite forgotten that my nephew Mal 'akh is lying dead in some Great Masonic Chamber , " she sniggered .
" Us too . "
" And guess what ?
All my brilliant Top Secret Noetic research managed to survive the five megaton explosion in the Top Secret laboratory that no one knew about .
I must have been able to restore it all through my Amazing Will Power . "
Peter looked on with the benevolence of Confucius .
" I have one more surprise in store for you , " he whispered sagely .
Langdon and Katherine stood where no one else had ever stood , high in the dome of Capitol Hill , looking out at the Obelisk as the first rays of sunlight burst out over Washington .
They both fell to their knees in prayer before the Almighty Divinity .
" See how the sunlight reflects the Golden aura of Laus Deo , " Katherine incanted with sublime reverence .
" We are entering a New Era when Science will Embrace Religion .
Well , Christianity at any rate .
" Oh do shut up , " Langdon yawned .
" Come over here and give us a shag . "
On September 11 , 2001 , nineteen hijackers , wielding nothing more lethal than box-cutters , commandeered four airliners , and turned them into lethal missiles , three of which managed to hit their targets – the World Trade Center and the Pentagon – while a fourth crashed in a field before it could strike its intended target — the White House .
One of the hijackers had been in the United States since the mid-1990s , and the others , according to subsequent investigations , entered , exited , and re-entered the United States regularly starting in 2000 .
In the years and months prior to 9/11 , the terrorists remained undetected : there was not a hint , and certainly no warning , that we were about to experience the worst terrorist attack in our history .
In spite of all the billions spent on " anti-terrorism " programs during the Clinton years , and the combined efforts of our intelligence community and those of our allies ’ , Mohammed Atta and his cohorts managed to evade detection until the day they emblazoned their vengeance across the sky and pulled off the biggest terrorist attack in US history .
That , at least , is the official story .
As to what the real story is – well , we ’re not allowed to ask .
President Obama ’s " green czar , " one Van Jones , was recently pressured into resigning .
His crime ?
He had once signed a letter originating with one of the " 9/11 Truth " organizations calling for a new investigation of the terrorist attacks .
No , he had n’t declared that 9/11 was an " inside job , " as some of the more flamboyant " truthers " assert : indeed , he had n’t challenged any one specific aspect of the official story .
All he had asked for was a new investigation – and once this got out ( thanks to Fox News nut - job Glenn Beck ) , he was shown the door .
This is the way our society deals with uncomfortable questions about " official " explanations for the inexplicable – by purging all dissenters , and even anybody who asks a question without necessarily having a ready - made answer .
To the stake with them !
Burn the heretics !
Move along , nothing to see here – and do n’t ask questions unless you want to completely marginalize yourself , lose your job , and be subjected to an intensive hate campaign .
We are asked to believe that 19 men , armed with the most basic weapons , somehow managed to elude the biggest , most expensively - accoutered intelligence apparatus in the world — and the intelligence agencies of our allies , to boot .
Utilizing nothing but box -cutters and the knowledge gleaned from a few weeks at flight school , these supermen somehow managed to steer those planes into two of the most visible potential terrorist targets in the US , one of which had been successfully targeted by terrorists before .
They did this with no help from any foreign intelligence agency , no nation - state in on the plot , and they did it for less than $ 100,000 .
Really ?
The more distance in time from the actual event , the odder such an assertion seems .
Eight years to the day , the official account of 9/11 seems more anemic –and inadequate – than ever .
Yet anyone who questions the official story – the narrative of 19 Arab dudes going on what would seem to be a rather quixotic jihad , haphazardly making their way through a strange foreign country on their own , all the while readying themselves for The Day That Changed History – is denounced as a " conspiracy theorist , " a crackpot , and worse .
Of course , some of the people who challenge the official story are , indeed , crackpots : they think some kind of " controlled demolition " took place inside the World Trade Center , and that no plane hit the Pentagon .
This is very convenient for enforcers of the Official Truth : it ’s easy to write these people off as nutso , and even easier to tar everyone who questions crucial aspects of the approved narrative with the same broad brush .
More critical minds , however , will not be deterred , and will certainly home in on the many discrepancies and holes in the official version of events , as well as the central implausibility of the whole affair , which is this : those nineteen hijackers simply could not have pulled it off without outside assistance of some sort , by which I mean to say help from a foreign power acting covertly in this country .
The sheer complexity of the operation would no doubt have been enough to deter anyone , even al - Qaeda , from launching it in the first place : the sheer odds against it succeeding were simply too great .
There had to have been some form of outside assistance – outside al - Qaeda , that is – for the plot to have gone as far as it did right up until zero hour : and I believe there was , because there is plenty of evidence that strongly suggests it .
A few weeks after 9/11 , I was the first – and , as far as I know , only – writer to draw attention to the fact that , along with the thousand or so Muslims rounded up in the wake of the attacks , as many as 200 Israelis were also taken into custody by then Attorney General John Ashcroft and the feds .
The subhead in the Washington Post story was quite explicit that these guys were n’t picked up for ordinary visa violations : " Government calls Several Cases ‘ of Special Interest , ’ Meaning Related to Post - Attacks Investigation . "
What , I wondered , was the Israeli connection to 9/11 ?
In any case , from that point on it was a legitimate question to ask , and , indeed , unknown to me , the news department over at Fox News was asking it — and , a few weeks after my column appeared , they answered it .
In an astonishing four - part series on Israeli spying in the US , top Fox News reporter Carl Cameron detailed how Israeli agents on American soil had tracked the hijackers , as they moved amongst us , and , in addition , had launched what appeared to be a wide - ranging and quite aggressive intelligence - collection operation directed at US government offices across the country .
The allegations contained in his report were denied – and the story ( which soon disappeared from the Fox News web site ) was never followed up , but Cameron ’s reportage haunts us today , and mocks us from the archives where it has been gathering dust for eight years .
" Since September 11 , more than 60 Israelis have been arrested or detained , either under the new patriot anti-terrorism law , or for immigration violations , " reported Cameron :
" A handful of active Israeli military were among those detained , according to investigators , who say some of the detainees also failed polygraph questions when asked about alleged surveillance activities against and in the United States .
There is no indication that the Israelis were involved in the 9 - 11 attacks , but investigators suspect that the Israelis may have gathered intelligence about the attacks in advance , and not shared it .
A highly placed investigator said there are ‘ tie-ins . ’
But when asked for details , he flatly refused to describe them , saying , ‘ evidence linking these Israelis to 9 - 11 is classified .
I cannot tell you about evidence that has been gathered .
It ’s classified information . ’ "
Over the next three nights , Cameron detailed the existence of an underground Israeli army in the US armed with a dazzling array of hi-tech spying devices and techniques that enabled them to penetrate our vital communications , including those utilized by law enforcement .
His reports also described the consequences for any law enforcement officials who dared raise questions about this : their careers , Cameron told us , would be effectively over .
Cameron ’s reporting was viewed by millions .
Of course , the Israelis and our own government denied everything .
Mark Regev , a spokesman for the Israeli government , scoffed : Israel , spying on the United States ?
Why , who ever heard of such a thing ?!
The US government , for its part , disdained all such reports as " an urban myth . "
The Israel lobby moved quickly to make sure the Cameron reports were thrown down the Memory Hole , and Cameron was accused of – you guessed it !
– " anti-Semitism , " on account of having spent time in the Middle East in his youth .
Yet the story persisted .
Die Zeit , the respected German weekly , ran a piece entitled " Next Door to Mohammed Atta , " in which further evidence the Israelis had been tracking the hijackers quite closely was cited as coming from French intelligence sources .
This was followed up by a story in Salon – hardly a bastion of anti-Semitic agitation – which gave a long and detailed account of the Israeli spying operation , as outlined by Cameron , and concluded that it was in large part meant as a diversionary tactic .
The same author did a comprehensive follow - up in Counterpunch , after The Nation spiked it .
Reputable newspapers like the Scottish Sunday Herald reported the known facts .
Yet the 9/11 Commission did not so much as mention this aspect of the 9/11 story .
Nor has Fox News ever followed up on Cameron ’s reporting : they have n’t disavowed it , either .
They , along with the rest of the " news " media in this country , simply pretend it never happened .
When Arianna Huffington purged me from blogging on the Huffington Post , she cited my own reporting on this story as the reason : " Oh , come on , Dhaaa - link !
You know dat ’s anti-Semitic ! "
Really ?
Is Fox News anti-Semitic , too ?
Is Die Zeit ?
Salon ?
Le Monde ?
How about The Forward ?
Of course , Arianna is an airhead , but her instinct for self - preservation at all costs – yes , even at the cost of the truth – is indicative of what ’s involved here .
I was told , before I undertook to challenge the " official " 9/11 story , that I would pay for it by being cast out of the " mainstream " whilst being mercilessly smeared .
In any event , since I was never all that interested in being considered " mainstream " – in part because I knew the whole concept of " mainstream " was very over – and because the prospect of being viciously attacked did n’t faze me in the least , I was undeterred .
And I remain so to this day .
What I want to know is this : does Fox News stand by Carl Cameron ’s reporting on the question of Israeli foreknowledge of the 9/11 terrorist attacks ?
Yes – or no ?
If so , then what is their loudest mouth – I refer , of course , to Glenn Beck – doing smearing someone as a " Truther " who is asking the same sort of questions asked by Fox News reporter Cameron ?
If Van Jones must go , because he ’s supposedly a " Truther , " then Cameron must go , too .
No , I do n’t expect an answer to my question any time soon – or , indeed , any time at all .
I just want my readers to contemplate the implications of that , and what it says about the veracity of the " official " 9/11 narrative .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
John Travers was striding purposefully into the Westfield mall in Wheaton , Maryland , for some back - to - school shopping before starting his junior year at Bowling Green State University .
When I asked him whether he ’d ever talked to a military recruiter , Travers , a 19 - year - old African American with a buzz cut , a crisp white T - shirt , and a diamond stud in his left ear , smiled wryly .
“ To get to lunch in my high school , you had to pass recruiters , ” he said .
“ It was overwhelming . ”
Then he added , “ I thought the recruiters had too much information about me .
They called me , but I never gave them my phone number . ”
Nor did he give the recruiters his email address , Social Security number , or details about his ethnicity , shopping habits , or college plans .
Yet they probably knew all that , too .
In the past few years , the military has mounted a virtual invasion into the lives of young Americans .
Using data mining , stealth websites , career tests , and sophisticated marketing software , the Pentagon is harvesting and analyzing information on everything from high school students ’
GPAs and SAT scores to which video games they play .
Before an Army recruiter even picks up the phone to call a prospect like Travers , the soldier may know more about the kid ’s habits than do his own parents .
The military has long struggled to find more effective ways to reach potential enlistees ; for every new GI it signed up last year , the Army spent $ 24,500 on recruitment .
( In contrast , four - year colleges spend an average of $ 2,000 per incoming student . )
Recruiters hit pay dirt in 2002 , when then - Rep. ( now Sen . ) David Vitter ( R - La. ) slipped a provision into the No Child Left Behind
Act that requires high schools to give recruiters the names and contact details of all juniors and seniors .
Schools that fail to comply risk losing their NCLB funding .
This little - known regulation effectively transformed President George W. Bush ’s signature education bill into the most aggressive military recruitment tool since the draft .
Students may sign an opt - out form — but not all school districts let them know about it .
Yet NCLB is just the tip of the data iceberg .
In 2005 , privacy advocates discovered that the Pentagon had spent the past two years quietly amassing records from Selective Service , state DMVs , and data brokers to create a database of tens of millions of young adults and teens , some as young as 15 .
The massive data - mining project is overseen by the Joint Advertising Market Research & Studies program , whose website has described the database , which now holds 34 million names , as “ arguably the largest repository of 16 - 25 - year - old youth data in the country . ”
The JAMRS database is in turn run by Equifax , the credit reporting giant .
Marc Rotenberg , head of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , says the Pentagon ’s initial failure to disclose the collection of the information likely violated the Privacy Act .
In 2007 , the Pentagon settled a lawsuit ( filed by the New York Civil Liberties Union ) by agreeing to stop collecting the names and Social Security numbers of anyone younger than 17 and promising not to share its database records with other government agencies .
Students may opt out of having their JAMRS database information sent to recruiters , but only 8,700 have invoked this obscure safeguard .
The Pentagon also spends about $ 600,000 a year on commercial data brokers , notably the Student Marketing Group and the American Student List , which boasts that it has records for 8 million high school students .
Both companies have been accused of using deceptive practices to gather information :
In 2002 , New York ’s attorney general sued SMG for telling high schools it was surveying students for scholarship and financial aid opportunities yet selling the info to telemarketers ; the Federal Trade Commission charged ASL with similar tactics .
Both companies eventually settled .
The Pentagon is also gathering data from unsuspecting Web surfers .
This year , the Army spent $ 1.2 million on the website March2Success.com , which provides free standardized test - taking tips devised by prep firms such as Peterson ’s , Kaplan , and Princeton Review .
The only indications that the Army runs the site , which registers an average of 17,000 new users each month , are a tiny tagline and a small logo that links to the main recruitment website , GoArmy.com .
Yet visitors ’ contact information can be sent to recruiters unless they opt out , and students also have the option of having a recruiter monitor their practice test scores .
Terry Backstrom , who runs March2Success.com for the US Army Recruiting Command at Fort Knox , insists that it is about “ good will , ” not recruiting .
“ We are providing a great service to schools that normally would cost them . ”
Recruiters are also data mining the classroom .
More than 12,000 high schools administer the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery , a three - hour multiple - choice test originally created in 1968 to match conscripts with military assignments .
Rebranded in the mid-1990s as the “ ASVAB Career Exploration Program , ” the test has a cheerful home page that makes no reference to its military applications , instead declaring that it “ is designed to help students learn more about themselves and the world of work . ”
A student who takes the test is asked to divulge his or her Social Security number , GPA , ethnicity , and career interests — all of which is then logged into the JAMRS database .
In 2008 , more than 641,000 high school students took the ASVAB ; 90 percent had their scores sent to recruiters .
Tony Castillo of the Army ’s Houston Recruiting Battalion says that ASVAB is “ much more than a test to join the military .
It is really a gift to public education . ”
Concerns about the ASVAB ’s links to recruiting have led to a nearly 20 percent decline in the number of test takers between 2003 and 2008 .
But the test is mandatory at approximately 1,000 high schools .
Last February , three North Carolina students were sent to detention for refusing to take it .
One , a junior named Dakota Ling , told the local paper , “ I just really do n’t want the military to have all the info it can on me . ”
Last year , the California Legislature barred schools from sending ASVAB results to military recruiters , though Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed the bill .
The Los Angeles and Washington , DC , school districts have tried to protect students ’ information by releasing their scores only on request .
To put all its data to use , the military has enlisted the help of Nielsen Claritas , a research and marketing firm whose clients include BMW , AOL , and Starbucks .
Last year , it rolled out a “ custom segmentation ” program that allows a recruiter armed with the address , age , race , and gender of a potential “ lead ” to call up a wealth of information about young people in the immediate area , including recreation and consumption patterns .
The program even suggests pitches that might work while cold - calling teenagers .
“ It ’s just a foot in the door for a recruiter to start a relevant conversation with a young person , ” says Donna Dorminey of the US Army Center for Accessions Research .
Still , no amount of data slicing can fix the challenge of recruiting during wartime .
Last year , a JAMRS survey identified recruiters ’ single biggest obstacle : Only 5 percent of parents would recommend military service to their kids , a situation blamed on “ a constant barrage of negative media coverage on the War in Iraq . ”
Not surprisingly , more and more kids are opting out of having their information shared with recruiters under No Child Left Behind ; in New York City , the number of students opting out has doubled in the past five years , to 45,000 in 2008 .
At some schools , 90 percent of students have opted out .
In 2007 , JAMRS awarded a $ 50 million contract to Mullen Advertising to continue its marketing campaign to target “ influencers ” such as parents , coaches , and guidance counselors .
The result : print ads that declare , “ Your son wants to join the military .
The question is n’t whether he ’s prepared enough , but whether you are . ”
Not far from the mall in Maryland , I asked 21 - year - old Marcelo Salazar , who ’d been a cadet in his high school ’s Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps , why he ’d decided not to enlist after graduating from John F. Kennedy High School in Silver Spring , Maryland , in 2005 .
Now a community college student , he replied that his mother was firmly against it .
Then , as if on cue , his cell phone chirped :
It was a recruiter who called him constantly .
He ignored it .
“ War is cool , ” he said , flipping on his aviator sunglasses .
“ But if you ’re dying , it ’s not . ”
Historic defeat for Social Democrats in German federal election
By Stefan Steinberg
28 September 2009
The German federal election held Sunday produced a historic defeat for the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) and a sharp drop in support for all of the parties involved in Germany 's outgoing coalition government .
The SPD polled just 23.0 percent , down more than 11 percent from the last federal election in 2005 , when the party polled 34.2 percent .
The result is the worst ever for the SPD since World War II .
Its decline of over 11 percent is the biggest loss ever recorded by a German party in a federal election since 1949 .
The SPD 's main partners in Germany 's grand coalition government , the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) and Bavarian - based Christian Social Union ( CSU ) , were also punished by voters .
The so - called " union " parties emerged with the largest share of the vote — a combined total of 33.8 percent — but recorded their second worst result in postwar history .
The tally for the union parties was 1.4 percentage points less than their result of 35.2 percent in 2005 , and far removed from the 40 percent - plus vote recorded in the majority of elections held in the postwar period .
Many CDU - CSU voters evidently switched to the pro -" free market " Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) , which polled 14.8 percent , a gain of 5 percentage points compared to 2005 .
The Christian Social Union ( CSU ) also registered its worst ever result in a federal election since World War II .
The party which has long dominated politics in Germany 's biggest state gained just 41.0 percent in Bavaria —less than the disastrous 43.4 percent recorded by the party in the last Bavarian state election .
Even under conditions where voters turned away in droves from the conservative CSU , the SPD was unable to benefit .
Instead , the SPD also recorded its worst ever result in Bavaria , receiving just 16.5 percent of the vote .
Chancellor Angela Merkel of the CDU announced Sunday evening that she would form a coalition government with the pro-business Free Democrats .
It is estimated that this coalition will control some 323 seats in the lower house of parliament , the Bundestag , giving it a majority of approximately 15 seats .
Under conditions where the electorate turned away from all of the parties involved in the CDU - CSU - SPD grand coalition , opposition parties were able to increase their share of the vote .
The Green Party won 10.6 percent , up 2.5 percentage points from 2005 , while the Left Party won 12.5 percent , 3.8 percentage points higher than its result in 2005 .
Following the failure of a prolonged campaign by leading members of the Greens to orient the party toward participation in government at the federal level with Germany 's main conservative parties , the Greens were able to profit from growing discontent with the grand coalition parties .
The Left Party was able to improve somewhat its result compared to 2005 .
In the course of the election campaign , the party made clear that it saw its principal role as foot soldier for the SPD .
As a result , it was largely unable to benefit from the decline in support for the Social Democrats .
Voter turnout , at 71.2 percent , was sharply down from the 77.7 percent recorded in the 2005 election .
The largest percentage of non-voters came from former SPD supporters .
The election outcome was above all a disaster for the SPD , which has stumbled from one election defeat to another .
Following a string of defeats at the state level , the party recorded its worst ever election showing in post - war German history when it won just 20.8 percent of the vote in the European elections held in June of this year .
Recent opinion polls had indicated a certain revival in the fortunes of the SPD in the run-up to election day , but Sunday 's result confirmed that the electorate was not prepared to forget or forgive the SPD for its political record during 11 straight years in government at the national level .
Over this period the SPD , first in a coalition with the Greens and then as a member of the grand coalition , demonstrated its total subordination to the interests of big business and finance capital .
It implemented the most radical cuts in the German welfare system since the war , while turning Germany into the world 's second leading low - wage economy among the advanced industrialized countries ( after the US ) .
Following Sunday 's result , the SPD 's leading candidate , Frank - Walter Steinmeier , told SPD supporters at the party 's headquarters in Berlin that " the result is a bitter day for German Social Democracy , this is a bitter defeat . "
His words were echoed by SPD parliamentary fraction leader Peter Struck .
Steinmeier will lose his post as foreign minister .
He is likely to be succeeded by FDP leader Guido Westerwelle .
Despite the scale of the defeat , both Steinmeier and party Chairman Franz Müntefering indicated that they would not step down from their leading posts in the SPD .
When questioned by reporters , Steinmeier vehemently defended his party 's anti-welfare Agenda 2010 policy and indicated that he would stand as head of the party 's parliamentary faction .
The collapse in support for the SPD and the turn away from the other parties in the governing coalition has created the conditions for the rabidly pro-corporate FDP to return to power after 11 years in opposition .
In the year since the eruption of the international financial crisis , the FDP has proved to be the most consistent ally of the financial elite , rejecting even the mildest of measures aimed at restraining the major banks .
A new government consisting of the FDP and CDU in Germany will be a government of open reaction and class confrontation .
Already , financial circles are baying for blood , demanding that the new government not lose a moment in implementing measures to shift the entire burden of the crisis onto the backs of the working population .
In the newspaper Bild am Sonntag , the chief economist of Deutsche Bank , Norbert Walter , demanded " radical measures " with regard to state expenditure , and advised the incoming government to commence the implementation of sweeping new taxes on consumers .
The Socialist Equality Party of Germany ( Partei für Soziale Gleichheit — PSG ) ran candidates in two German states in order to raise the necessity of a broad popular mobilization on the basis of an international socialist program in response to the crisis .
The PSG warned the working class of the conspiracy between the major parties to disguise the real extent of the crisis .
In particular , the PSG made clear that , under conditions where major political shifts were eroding the popular base of the traditional parties , the Left Party was being groomed to play a major role in holding back a new wave of class struggle .
The PSG received a total of 2,970 votes .
In Berlin , where the party campaigned intensively , it received 1,423 votes .
This is twice as much as in the 2009 European election and about the same as in the 2005 federal election and the 2004 European election .
In North Rhine - Westphalia , the PSG received 1,547 votes , 100 more than in the 2009 European election .
The vote for the PSG was comparatively small .
Nevertheless , it indicated that an important layer of working people and youth is becoming increasingly receptive to the international socialist perspective of the PSG and the World Socialist Web Site .
" At work , because it is purely professional , it is fine .
It is only when I get attracted to a girl that it really affects me , " Mr Dando said .
* Photo : Kenji Aoki * When Good Enuf Is Great — — — — — ——
–
Entire markets have been transformed by products that trade power or fidelity for low price , flexibility , and convenience .
— Erin Biba
Phone
Net - based calls can be laggy , and they sometimes drop out in mid conversation .
But they can also be free — even international calls — and it 's easy to turn conversations into shareable MP3s .
Skype now accounts for 8 percent of international calling minutes , and the service added nearly 38 million users in the second quarter of 2009 , a 42 percent increase over the same period last year .
Books
Amazon 's Kindle can't display complex graphics , and paper still has much higher resolution .
But the device does store hundreds of titles in a slim package , ensuring that you always have access to whichever Philip K . Dick tale you 're in the mood for .
The Kindle is expected to generate $ 310 million in revenue by the end of 2009 .
Barron 's estimates that annual sales could reach $ 2 billion by 2012 .
Televison
Its content may not be hi-def , and you 're stuck watching it on a computer screen , but Hulu lets you catch recent television shows and popular movies whenever and wherever you want .
For free .
No wonder it has 40 million unique viewers — up from just 7 million a year ago .
In 2001 , Jonathan Kaplan and Ariel Braunstein noticed a quirk in the camera market .
All the growth was in expensive digital cameras , but the best - selling units by far were still cheap , disposable film models .
That year , a whopping 181 million disposables were sold in the US , compared with around 7 million digital cameras .
Spotting an opportunity , Kaplan and Braunstein formed a company called Pure Digital Technologies and set out to see if they could mix the rich chocolate of digital imaging with the mass - market peanut butter of throwaway point - and - shoots .
They called their brainchild the Single Use Digital Camera and cobranded it with retailers , mostly pharmacies like CVS .
The concept looked promising , but it turned out to be fatally flawed .
The problem , says Simon Fleming - Wood , a member of Pure Digital 's founding management team , was that the business model relied on people returning the $ 20 cameras to stores in order to get prints and a CD .
The retailers were supposed to send the used boxes back to Pure Digital , which would refurbish them , reducing the number of new units it had to manufacture .
But customers did n't return the cameras fast enough .
Some were content to view their pictures on the tiny 1.4 - inch LCD and held on to the device , thinking they 'd take it in later to get prints .
Others figured out how to hack the camera so it would download to a PC , eliminating the need to return the thing altogether .
Brisk sales combined with a lack of speedy returns destroyed the company 's thin margins , and the camera failed .
But the experience taught Kaplan and Braunstein a lesson : Customers would sacrifice lots of quality for a cheap , convenient device .
To keep the price down , Pure Digital had made significant trade - offs .
It used inexpensive lenses and other components and limited the number of image - processing chips .
The pictures were OK but not great .
Yet Pure Digital sold 3 million cameras anyway .
Kaplan and Braunstein also learned something important about camera retailing in general .
The market had long been split into two main segments : point - and - shoots ( including disposables ) and single - lens reflex cameras , which use interchangeable lenses and other high - end accessories .
Not surprisingly , the vast majority of cameras sold then — as now — were the handy point - and - shoots ; SLRs tended to attract only serious hobbyists and professionals .
Oddly , though , there was no point - and - shoot analogue in video cameras — and that 's where the pair saw their next opportunity .
Home videocams were almost without exception expensive , complicated devices loaded with features like image stabilization , night - vision mode , and onboard color correction .
And even with tools like Apple 's iMovie , it was a hassle to get footage off the cameras and onto a computer for editing and sharing .
In terms of complexity and price , the camcorder market resembled the SLR market , but with no low - end alternative .
Kaplan and Braunstein suspected that there might be a place for a much cheaper , simpler video camera .
So they decided to make one .
After some trial and error , Pure Digital released what it called the Flip Ultra in 2007 .
The stripped - down camcorder — like the Single Use Digital Camera — had lots of downsides .
It captured relatively low - quality 640 x 480 footage at a time when Sony , Panasonic , and Canon were launching camcorders capable of recording in 1080 hi-def .
It had a minuscule viewing screen , no color - adjustment features , and only the most rudimentary controls .
It did n't even have an optical zoom .
But it was small ( slightly bigger than a pack of smokes ) , inexpensive ( $ 150 , compared with $ 800 for a midpriced Sony ) , and so simple to operate — from recording to uploading — that pretty much anyone could figure it out in roughly 6.7 seconds .
Within a few months , Pure Digital could barely keep up with orders .
Customers found that the Flip was the perfect way to get homebrew videos onto the suddenly flourishing YouTube , and the camera became a megahit , selling more than 1 million units in its first year .
Today — just two years later — the Flip Ultra and its subsequent revisions are the best - selling video cameras in the US , commanding 17 percent of the camcorder market .
Sony and Canon are now scrambling to catch up .
The Flip 's success stunned the industry , but it should n't have .
It 's just the latest triumph of what might be called Good Enough tech .
Cheap , fast , simple tools are suddenly everywhere .
We get our breaking news from blogs , we make spotty long - distance calls on Skype , we watch video on small computer screens rather than TVs , and more and more of us are carrying around dinky , low - power netbook computers that are just good enough to meet our surfing and emailing needs .
The low end has never been riding higher .
Photo : Kenji Aoki , Lego sculpture : Nathan Sawaya
Computers
On paper , netbooks might seem like crappy toys .
They have almost no storage , processing power , or graphics capability .
What they do have , though , is accessibility : Cheap , small , and light , they let you connect to the Internet from almost anywhere .
Netbook shipments were up sevenfold in the first quarter of 2009 .
Trade Shows
It sounds lame , and it is : virtual trade shows inhabited by eager sales avatars and their potential clients .
No , it 's not the same as meeting face - to - face , but with the economy flatlining , digital confabs are a working alternative .
Analysts expect 5,000 virtual events next year , an increase of 500 percent for the industry .
Advertising
They 're not high - concept , and they do n't feature celebrities ( or even pictures ) .
But text - based ads are highly targeted , incredibly cheap to produce , and make up 90 percent of Google 's net revenue ( and 45 percent of all Internet ad sales in the US ) .
-D Modeling Software
Rendering software like AutoCAD is notoriously hard to use .
Google 's SketchUp is dead simple .
The result :
It has been embraced by architects , engineers , educators , and artists .
The full version costs $ 500 — a pittance compared to AutoCAD 's $ 4,000 price tag .
SketchUp has become so popular , in fact , that Autodesk has responded with its own lo-res app : Project Dragonfly .
Illustrations : Quickhoney
So what happened ?
Well , in short , technology happened .
The world has sped up , become more connected and a whole lot busier .
As a result , what consumers want from the products and services they buy is fundamentally changing .
We now favor flexibility over high fidelity , convenience over features , quick and dirty over slow and polished .
Having it here and now is more important than having it perfect .
These changes run so deep and wide , they 're actually altering what we mean when we describe a product as " high- quality . "
And it 's happening everywhere .
As more sectors connect to the digital world , from medicine to the military , they too are seeing the rise of Good Enough tools like the Flip .
Suddenly what seemed perfect is anything but , and products that appear mediocre at first glance are often the perfect fit .
The good news is that this trend is ideally suited to the times .
As the worst recession in 75 years rolls on , it 's the light and nimble products that are having all the impact — exactly the type of thing that lean startups and small - scale enterprises are best at .
And from impact can come big sales .
" When the economy went south before Christmas last year , we worried that sales would be affected , " says Pure Digital 's Fleming - Wood .
" But we sold a ton of cameras .
In fact , we exceeded the goals we had set before the economy soured . "
And this year ?
Sales , he says , are up 200 percent .
( Another payoff : In May , networking giant Cisco acquired Pure Digital for $ 590 million . )
To some , it looks like the crapification of everything .
But it 's really an improvement .
And businesses need to get used to it , because the Good Enough revolution has only just begun .
Speaking at an Online publishers conference in London last October , New York University new - media studies professor Clay Shirky had a mantra to offer the assembled producers and editors : " Do n't believe the myth of quality . "
When it comes to the future of media on the Web , Shirky sternly warned , resist the reflex to focus on high production values .
" We 're getting to the point where the Internet can support high - quality content , and it's as if what we 've had so far has all been nice — a kind of placeholder — but now the professionals are coming , " Shirky said .
" That 's not true . "
To reinforce his point , he pointed to the MP3 .
The music industry initially laughed off the format , he explained , because compared with the CD it sounded terrible .
What record labels and retailers failed to recognize was that although MP3 provided relatively low audio quality , it had a number of offsetting positive qualities *.*
Shirky 's point is crucial .
By reducing the size of audio files , MP3s allowed us to get music into our computers — and , more important , onto the Internet — at a manageable size .
This in turn let us listen to , manage , and manipulate tracks on our PCs , carry thousands of songs in our pockets , purchase songs from our living rooms , and share tracks with friends and even strangers .
And as it turned out , those benefits actually mattered a lot more to music lovers than the single measure of quality we had previously applied to recorded music — fidelity .
It was n't long before record labels were wringing their hands over declining CD sales .
" There comes a point at which improving upon the thing that was important in the past is a bad move , " Shirky said in a recent interview .
" It 's actually feeding competitive advantage to outsiders by not recognizing the value of other qualit ies . "
In other words , companies that focus on traditional measures of quality — fidelity , resolution , features — can become myopic and fail to address other , now essential attributes like convenience and shareability .
And that means someone else can come along and drink their milk shake .
To a degree , the MP3 follows the classic pattern of a disruptive technology , as outlined by Clayton Christensen in his 1997 book The Innovator 's Dilemma .
Disruptive technologies , Christensen explains , often enter at the bottom of the market , where they are ignored by established players .
These technologies then grow in power and sophistication to the point where they eclipse the old systems .
That is certainly part of what happens with Good Enough tech : MP3s entered at the bottom of the market , were ignored , and then turned the music business upside down .
But oddly , audio quality never really readjusted upward .
Sure , software engineers have cooked up new encoding algorithms that produce fuller sound without drastically increasing file sizes .
And with recent increases in bandwidth and the advent of giant hard drives , it 's now even possible to maintain , share , and carry vast libraries of uncompressed files .
But better - sounding options have hardly gained any ground on the lo-fi MP3 .
The big advance — the one that had all the impact — was the move to easier - to - manage bits .
Compared with that , improved sound quality just does n't move the needle .
Photo : Kenji Aoki , Lego sculpture : Nathan Sawaya
Of course , there are those who appreciate the richer sound of uncompressed files , CDs , or even vinyl records ( regarded by some audiophiles as the highest - fi format available ) .
But most of us do n't give it a second thought .
In fact , there 's evidence that consumers are simply adapting to the MP3's thin sound .
Jonathan Berger , a professor of music at Stanford University , recently completed a six - year study of his students .
Every year he asked new arrivals in his class to listen to the same musical excerpts played in a variety of digital formats — from standard MP3s to high - fidelity uncompressed files — and rate their preferences .
Every year , he reports , more and more students preferred the sound of MP3s , particularly for rock music .
They 've grown accustomed to what Berger calls the percussive sizzle — aka distortion — found in compressed music .
To them , that 's what music is supposed to sound like .
What has happened with the MP3 format and other Good Enough technologies is that the qualities we value have simply changed .
And the change is so profound that the old measures have almost lost their meaning .
Call it the MP3 effect .
We 've seen it again and again .
Consider , for example , the rise of cloud computing .
For years , software was something you bought and installed on your hard drive .
A lot of it was made by Microsoft , which solidified its dominance by releasing ever more powerful , feature - laden updates .
But with the advent of services like Gmail and Zoho Writer , many users are now turning to the Web for basic tasks like word processing , spreadsheets , and email .
These cloud apps have inherent limits :
They run through a browser window and can't directly access your local hard drive or processor .
They lack features .
Their performance depends on the strength of your Internet connection .
Nevertheless , tens of millions of people use Gmail , while Zoho Writer boasts 1.8 million users and is growing at a rate of 100,000 subscribers a month .
Microsoft , of course , is now jumping into the cloud as fast as it can .
Redmond says that Office 2010 will be largely cloud - based .
Not to be outdone , Google recently announced a mostly cloud - based operating system that will work in tandem with the company 's Chrome browser .
Web tools are succeeding because they 're Good Enough .
They do most of what we need from a word processor or a spreadsheet or an email program or even an OS .
But , like the MP3 , they also offer other advantages .
You can access them from any computer .
If your hard drive crashes , you do n't lose your work .
And they are incredibly cheap — free in the case of simple tools or just a few dollars a month per user in the case of business apps .
Compare these qualities with those of the MP3 and the Flip , and a clear pattern emerges .
The attributes that now matter most all fall under the rubric of accessibility .
Thanks to the speed and connectivity of the digital age , we 've stopped fussing over pixel counts , sample rates , and feature lists .
Instead , we 're now focused on three things : ease of use , continuous availability , and low price .
Is it simple to get what we want out of the technology ?
Is it available everywhere , all the time — or as close to that ideal as possible ?
And is it so cheap that we do n't have to think about price ?
Products that benefit from the MP3 effect capitalize on one or more of these qualities .
And they 'll happily sacrifice power and features to do so .
By traditional military standards , the MQ - 1 Predator is n't much of a plane .
Its top speed is a mere 135 miles per hour .
It has an altitude ceiling of 25,000 feet .
It carries only two 100 - pound Hellfire missiles .
It has a propeller .
By comparison , an A - 10 can travel 420 mph , cruise at 45,000 feet , and carry up to 16,000 pounds of bombs — not to mention a 30 - mm gatling gun .
An F - 16 can reach a blistering 1,500 mph ( Mach 2 ) , climb to more than 50,000 feet , and back up its 20 - mm multibarrel canon with six missiles .
All three of these aircraft are used for surveillance and close air support .
But more and more , the military is relying on the unmanned Predator .
In the past two years , it has logged more than 250,000 flight hours , nearly all of them in combat .
It has been deployed to the Balkans , Pakistan , Afghanistan , and Iraq .
Photo : Kenji Aoki , Lego sculpture : Michael Psiaski
Why , if manned planes are so superior , is the Predator saturating the combat market ?
Because military aircraft are experiencing their own version of the MP3 effect .
Over the past few decades , the armed services — like many industries — have been radically changed by the Internet and other modern communications technologies .
Now that the military can digitize and share information quickly , engagements are conducted differently : Greater emphasis is being put on " situational awareness , " the ability of remote commanders to know what 's happening on a battlefield at all times .
This in turn has altered what the military looks for in a plane , much the same way small digital files changed what music fans value in a recording .
There is at least one measure by which the Predator has piloted aircraft handily beat : the ability to maintain a constant presence in the air .
That 's because the drones are relatively cheap to build , can fly for more than 20 hours straight , and do n't require pilots who need sleep , food , and bathroom breaks ( and who might die if the plane is shot down ) .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , a Predator is available pretty much anytime the military needs one .
Accessibility , in other words , has become a dominant aircraft value — prized as much as , and sometimes more than , speed , altitude , and armament .
" Sustaining the sorts of operations we conduct with the Predator used to be virtually impossible , " says Eric Mathewson , director of the Air Force Unmanned Aircraft Systems Task Force .
" The idea of putting an aircraft over an area of interest 24 hours a day , 365 days a year , was simply unsustainable . "
Piloted aircraft are still valuable , he 's quick to add , but because the Predator can linger , it has enabled a new type of strategy — remotely guided surgical strikes with fewer troops and armaments .
It 's a lesson that surprised the Air Force and other services , Mathewson says , but one that has been learned definitively .
" We 're now looking at aircraft capabilities for the future that are even more persistent , " he says .
" We 're exploring airships again , which could stay airborne for up to five years . "
The impact of the Predator illustrates the potential of the MP3 effect to transform almost any market .
In fact , Good Enough tech is already gaining a foothold in two other huge industries : the legal profession and health care .
Richard Granat is a pioneer in a field called elawyering .
It should n't be confused with Web sites that merely offer legal documents for downloading , Granat explains .
Elawyering involves actual lawyers , and clients who use these services get help sorting through legal issues .
Granat , who runs his own law firm and cochairs the American Bar Association 's task force on elawyering , has designed and marketed a number of Web tools that walk people through common legal procedures .
He created a child - support calculator , for example , which assists couples going through relatively amicable divorces .
There 's also a tool to help people decide whether they need Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy .
These widgets then generate legal forms , which may be reviewed by a licensed attorney who can make suggestions or offer advice over the phone .
It turns out to be a remarkably efficient way of offering what Granat calls legal transaction services — tasks that are document intensive .
For everything from wills to adoptions to shareholder agreements , elawyering has numerous advantages .
It 's cheaper , for example ; a no - fault divorce , Granat says , might run a fifth of what seeing an attorney would cost .
It 's also faster — customers can access the tools anytime and never have to interrupt their day to meet with someone in a distant office .
Simply put , elawyering makes certain legal services more accessible .
There are trade - offs , of course .
" The relationship has less richness than what you 'd get from sitting in a lawyer 's office , " Granat says .
" And if you have an issue that 's more complex , then you still need to see a lawyer face - to - face . "
In other words , it 's a lower - fidelity experience .
But for most simple legal interactions , elawyering is , well , Good Enough .
It gets the job done , even if it does n't let you ask every question or address every contingency .
And not surprisingly , it 's on the rise .
" Elawyering will be mainstream in three years , " Granat says .
" I predict that in five years , if you 're a small firm and do n't offer this kind of Web service , you 're not going to make it . "
Photo : Kenji Aoki , Lego sculpture : Nathan Sawaya
In the case of health care , the Good Enough mindset can be seen in a new initiative by Kaiser Permanente .
The largest not - for - profit medical organization in the country , Kaiser has long relied on a simple strategy of building complete , self - sustaining hospitals — employing 50 doctors or more — in each region it serves .
" It 's an efficient model , " says Michele Flanagin , Kaiser 's vice president of delivery systems strategy .
" It offers one - stop shopping : pharmacy and radiology and everything you want from health care in one building . "
But that approach forces patients who do n't live near a hospital to drive a long way for even the most routine doctor 's appointment .
As it happens , though , Kaiser has become one of the most technologically advanced health care providers in the country , digitizing everything from patient records and doctors ' notes to lab data and prescriptions and putting it all online .
The system is networked , so patients can email their doctor , check lab results , and make appointments from their PC or mobile Web device .
Getting a referral does n't mean carrying medical records from one doctor to another , as it does at many hospitals .
In 2007 , Flanagin and her colleagues wondered what would happen if , instead of building a hospital in a new area , Kaiser just leased space in a strip mall , set up a high tech office , and hired two doctors to staff it .
Thanks to the digitization of records , patients could go to this " microclinic " for most of their needs and seamlessly transition to a hospital farther away when necessary .
So Flanagin and her team began a series of trials to see what such an office could do .
They cut everything they could out of the clinics : no pharmacy , no radiology .
They even explored cutting the receptionist in favor of an ATM - like kiosk where patients would check in with their Kaiser card .
What they found is that the system performed very well .
Two doctors working out of a microclinic could meet 80 percent of a typical patient 's needs .
With a hi-def video conferencing add - on , members could even link to a nearby hospital for a quick consult with a specialist .
Patients would still need to travel to a full - size facility for major trauma , surgery , or access to expensive diagnostic equipment , but those are situations that arise infrequently .
If that 80 percent number rings a bell , it 's because of the famous Pareto principle , also known as the 80/20 rule .
And it happens to be a recurring theme in Good Enough products .
You can think of it this way : 20 percent of the effort , features , or investment often delivers 80 percent of the value to consumers .
That means you can drastically simplify a product or service in order to make it more accessible and still keep 80 percent of what users want — making it Good Enough — which is exactly what Kaiser did .
Flanagin believes these clinics will enable Kaiser to add thousands of new members .
And they 'll do it for less .
The per-member cost at a microclinic is roughly half that of a full Kaiser hospital .
The first microclinic is set to open in Hawaii early next year .
Medical care is now poised for its own manifestation of the MP3 effect .
The phenomenon certainly wo n't stop with hospitals , lawyers , and military campaigns .
As more and more industries move their business online , they too will find success in Good Enough tools that focus on maximizing accessibility .
It 's a reflection of our new value system .
We 've changed .
To benefit from the MP3 effect , companies will have to change as well .
No one understands this better than the folks at Pure Digital Technologies .
Two years ago , the Flip Ultra nailed all three of those accessibility traits :
It was significantly less expensive than other digital video cameras — so much so , it almost seemed an impulse buy in comparison .
It was much easier to use , not only for shooting video but also for uploading clips to the Internet .
And its pocketable size and Web - sharing abilities made video available anytime , anywhere .
The Flip hit the Good Enough trifecta .
When asked why he thinks the Flip has succeeded where more powerful videocams — and even new Flip knockoffs from the likes of Sony — have failed , Pure Digital 's Fleming - Wood has an interesting answer : " I think it 's because we have a better product . "
What 's odd is that executives at Sony and Canon would likely say the same thing — after all , their models have far more features and often produce sharper images .
But Fleming - Wood is using a different definition of " better . "
He now defines quality entirely in terms of ease of use — how easy it is to shoot and share the video .
" The one thing everyone wants to do with their footage is show it to someone else , " he says .
Even so , it 's easy to imagine that feature creep will one day seep into the Flip .
After all , the company recently released models that record in HD , so why not image stabilization or a bigger LCD — or hey , how about a touchscreen !
" We will always prioritize accessibility over features , " Fleming - Wood insists .
The increase in pixel count , he says , is simply the result of Moore 's law advances in chip speed and storage capacity , not a signal that Pure Digital is changing its focus .
Once HD components became available that would not drastically raise the price of the camera or make it harder to use , " it made no sense not to go HD , " Fleming - Wood says .
He points out that Pure Digital has yet to include other features like an optical zoom or image stabilization , adding that he knows people love the Flip because of how simple it makes recording and sharing video .
" We will never sacrifice that . "
When he thinks about how the Flip line will improve in the future , Fleming - Wood envisions adding features that will make the video even easier to share .
" Well , we could add Wi-Fi or cell connectivity , so if you were filming your kid's soccer game , you could be uploading the footage to the Web in real time so Grandma could watch from home , " he says with a daydreamer 's enthusiasm .
To do something that ambitious , of course , might require sacrificing some of that HD image quality .
No problem , as long as it's Good Enough .
Senior editor Robert Capps ( rcapps@wired.com ) wrote about Judd Apatow in issue 15.06 .
The Netbook Effect : How Cheap Little Laptops Hit the Big Time
Steven Levy on How Gadgets Lose Their Magic
Hands - On : Kindle DX Is a Pricey Pleasure — Despite Many Flaws
Hulu , a Victim of Its Own Success ?
Ears - On With Skype for iPhone
Learning to ride a bicycle seems to be a universal experience for children around the world .
Whether you 've been riding bicycles since you were a child or just recently started pedaling , how much do you know about this elegant and simple vehicle ?
About HowStuffWorks Play
How much do you know about dinosaurs ?
What is an octane rating ?
And how do you use a proper noun ?
Lucky for you , HowStuffWorks
Play is here to help .
Our award - winning website offers reliable , easy - to - understand explanations about how the world works .
From fun quizzes that bring joy to your day , to compelling photography and fascinating lists , HowStuffWorks Play offers something for everyone .
Sometimes we explain how stuff works , other times , we ask you , but we ’re always exploring in the name of fun !
Because learning is fun , so stick with us !
GAME | GENRE | RELEASE DATE
Super Car Challenge|Racing| 21 - Aug-2009
Wolfenstein| FPS|21-Aug-2009
Cross Edge|RPG|28-Aug-2009
Batman : Arkham Asylum|Action|28 - Aug-2009
IL - 2 Sturmovik : Birds of Prey|Simulator|04 - Sep -2009
Need for Speed : SHIFT| Racing|17-Sep-2009
Star Wars The Clone Wars : Republic Heroes|Action|18 -Sep-2009
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 : Fusion|Action|18 - Sep -2009
Disney Sing It : Pop Hits|Music|25 -Sep -2009
Colin McRae : Dirt 2 | Racing|25-Sep-2009
Edge of Twilight | Action / Adventure|25 -Sep-2009
FIFA 10 | Sport|02 - Oct-2009
Operation Flashpoint 2 : Dragon Rising|Tactical|09 - Oct-2009
Uncharted : Among Thieves |Action / Adventure|13 - Oct-2009
Brutal Legend|Action|16 -Oct-2009
Borderlands |FPS|23-Oct-2009
Up : Video Game|Action / Adventure|30 - Oct-2009
Bioshock 2| FPS|30 - Oct-2009
Alpha Protocol|RPG|30 -Oct-2009
Modern Warfare 2| FPS|10 - Nov-2009
Tony Hawk : RIDE| Sport|20 - Nov-2009
Assassin's Creed 2 | Action|20 - Nov-2009
Where the Wild Things Are|Action / Adventure|27 - Nov-2009
The Saboteur|Action|04 - Dec-2009
James Cameron's Avatar : The Game|Action|11 - Dec-2009
Heist|Action |Q3 2009
Madden NFL 10 | Sport|Q3 2009
Gran Turismo 5 | Racing| Q4 2009
The Witcher : Rise of the White Wolf|RPG|Q4 2009
Dragon Age : Origins|RPG|Q4 2009
Fairytale Fights |Action |Q4 2009
Red Dead Redemption |Action |Q4 2009
Mini Ninjas|Action / Adventure |Q4 2009
Army of Two : The 40th Day|Action |Q4 2009
Chaotic|RPG|Q4 2009
Bakugan|Action |Q4 2009
Dead to Rights : Retribution |Action |Q4 2009
Planet 51 | Racing |Q4 2009
SingStar Take That |Music|Q4 2009
Buzz ! Quiz World|Entertainment |Q4 2009
NBA 2K10 | Sport|Q4 2009
WWE SmackDown !
vs. RAW 2010 | Sport|Q4 2009
LEGO Indiana Jones 2 : The Adventure Continues|Action / Adventure |Q4 2009
DJ Hero|Music|Q4 2009
Dragon Ball : Raging Blast | Fighting |Q4 2009
Blur| Racing |Q4 2009
Guitar Hero 5 | Music|Q4 2009
NHL 10 | Sport|Q4 2009
LEGO Rock Band|Music|Q4 2009
SAW|Action |Q4 2009
Pro Evolution Soccer 2010 | Sport|Q4 2009
Cars Race- O-Rama|Racing |Q4 2009
Ratchet and Clank : A Crack In Time|Action |Q4 2009
Max Payne 3 | Action |Q4 2009
Wet|Action |Q4 2009
NBA Live 10 | Sport|Q4 2009
Band Hero|Music|Q4 2009
Section 8 | FPS|Q4 2009
Tekken 6 | Fighting |Q4 2009
This is Vegas|Action |Q4 2009
Rogue Warrior|FPS|Q4 2009
God of War III| Action | Q4 2009
Katamari Forever |Puzzle|Q4 2009
Heavy Rain|Adventure |Q4 2009 Super Car Challenge|Racing| 21-Aug-2009Wolfenstein|FPS|21-Aug-2009Cross Edge|RPG|28-Aug-2009Batman : Arkham Asylum|Action|28 - Aug - 2009IL - 2 Sturmovik : Birds of Prey|Simulator|04 - Sep - 2009
Need for Speed : SHIFT|Racing|17-Sep-2009
Star Wars The Clone Wars : Republic Heroes|Action|18 -Sep-2009
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 : Fusion|Action|18 -Sep-2009
Disney Sing It : Pop Hits|Music|25 -Sep-2009Colin McRae : Dirt 2 | Racing|25-Sep-2009 Edge of Twilight |Action / Adventure|25-Sep-2009FIFA 10 |Sport|02-Oct-2009
Operation Flashpoint 2 : Dragon Rising|Tactical|09 - Oct-2009
Uncharted : Among Thieves |Action / Adventure|13 - Oct-2009Brutal Legend|Action|16-Oct-2009Borderlands|FPS|23-Oct-2009
Up : Video Game|Action / Adventure|30 - Oct-2009Bioshock 2| FPS|30 - Oct-2009
Alpha Protocol|RPG|30-Oct-2009
Modern Warfare 2| FPS|10 - Nov-2009Tony
Hawk : RIDE|Sport|20 - Nov-2009Assassin's Creed 2 | Action|20 - Nov-2009
Where the Wild Things Are|Action / Adventure |27 - Nov-2009
The Saboteur|Action|04 - Dec -2009
James Cameron's Avatar : The Game|Action|11 - Dec-2009
Heist|Action|Q3 2009 Madden NFL 10 | Sport|Q3 2009 Gran Turismo 5 | Racing| Q4 2009
The Witcher : Rise of the White Wolf|RPG|Q4 2009 Dragon Age : Origins|RPG|Q4 2009 Fairytale Fights |Action |Q4 2009 Red Dead Redemption |Action |Q4 2009
Mini Ninjas|Action / Adventure |Q4 2009Army of Two : The 40th Day|Action |Q4 2009Chaotic|RPG|Q4 2009Bakugan|Action |Q4 2009 Dead to Rights : Retribution |Action |Q4 2009
Planet 51 | Racing |Q4 2009SingStar Take That |Music|Q4 2009Buzz ! Quiz World|Entertainment|Q4 2009 NBA
2K10 |Sport|Q4 2009WWE SmackDown ! vs. RAW 2010 | Sport|Q4 2009LEGO Indiana Jones 2 : The Adventure Continues|Action / Adventure |Q4 2009 DJ Hero|Music|Q4 2009 Dragon Ball : Raging Blast | Fighting |Q4 2009Blur|Racing |Q4 2009 Guitar Hero 5 | Music|Q4 2009NHL 10 | Sport|Q4 2009LEGO
Rock Band|Music|Q4 2009SAW|Action |Q4 2009
Pro Evolution Soccer 2010 | Sport|Q4 2009
Cars Race-O-Rama|Racing |Q4 2009 Ratchet and Clank : A Crack In Time|Action |Q4 2009 Max Payne 3 | Action |Q4 2009Wet|Action |Q4 2009NBA
Live 10 | Sport|Q4 2009 Band Hero|Music|Q4 2009
Section 8 | FPS|Q4 2009
Tekken 6 | Fighting |Q4 2009
This is Vegas|Action |Q4 2009 Rogue Warrior|FPS|Q4 2009 God of War III|Action |Q4 2009 Katamari Forever |Puzzle|Q4 2009
Heavy Rain|Adventure |Q4 2009
As this is going to be a very hectic year for forthcoming releases on the console , I 'd though I would start to compile a comprehensive list / database of the release dates .
I know some have been confirmed by distributors and developers , but a lot of games do slip due to bug testing , marketing etc .
I have mainly done this list for my own benefit but I know alot of people are looking at 3 or 4 titles to add to their collection , hopefully this thread can point them in the direction of either a exact or speculative release date .
Please let me know if you have knowledge of an actual date that you feel is fairly accurate and not speculation from one the an internet reseller of retail outlet .
Also tell me when new games not on the list will make a 2009 release .
I 've omitted all games that are currently scheduled for 2010 , this list is just for 2009 releases .
I will also highlight the games that have recently had a date changeI 'll try and keep this first post updated with the latest dates
OML has thousands of free addictive Flash and HTML5 Games like 3D Logic 2 .
Did you enjoy 3D Logic 2 ?
Play more .
Always fast , free and no login required ... new games added daily !
Auditors have been unable to find 6.6 billion pounds ( $ 13 billion ) worth of British military equipment including vehicles , weapons and radios used by troops , a report said Thursday .
The government has ordered a shakeup at the Ministry of Defence after the auditors found holes in its record keeping , the Financial Times reported .
The findings raised concerns about whether critical resourcing decisions for Afghanistan have been taken by MoD officials without knowing where billions of pounds of equipment , including machine guns , night vision goggles as well as spare parts , is located , the newspaper said .
The National Audit Office has refused to sign off on MoD accounts because of an " inadequate level of evidence " that 6.6 billion pounds of its assets existed , the FT said .
The MoD told the newspaper the assets were " never physically lost " .
The report comes amid a furious debate in Britain about whether troops fighting Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan have adequate resources as the number of soldiers killed in the conflict rises .
- AFP
Southern District of New York Judge Denny Chin has handed down an important torts ruling .
Lawyer ( and former boyfriend of Anna Nicole Smith ) Howard K. Stern sued tabloid journalist Rita Cosby for allegedly defaming him in her book “ Blond Ambition : The Untold Story Behind Anna Nicole Smith ’s Death . ”
Chin has ruled that being called a homosexual is not defamation per se .
I have long discussed this issue in my torts class .
Common law torts has always treated statements alleging moral turpitude and unchastity as per se categories of defamation .
Accusing someone of being gay was long treated as a per se defamatory statement .
It was not only viewed as alleging sexual impropriety and immorality but it was a crime in many states .
One of the leading cases occurred in 1952 in a New York lawsuit .
In Neiman - Marcus v. Lait , 13 FRD 311 ( SDNY 1952 ) , employees of that high - end story sued the author of a book titled “ U.S.A. Confidential . ”
The book claimed that some of the models at the story and all of the saleswomen in the Dallas store were “ call girls . ”
It further stated that most of the salesmen in the men ’s department were “ faggots . ”
The issue came down to the size of the group .
With 382 saleswomen and models , the court found that the group was too large .
However , with the 25 salesmen , the court found that an action could be maintained .
However , this is an example of how common law definitions change with society .
Not only has the Supreme Court struck down laws criminalizing homosexual relations , but gay and lesbian citizens are now open and accepted in most of our society .
Chin has now taken the long anticipated step of rejecting a claim of homosexuality as per se defamatory , citing “ veritable sea change in attitudes about homosexuality . ”
While rejected a per se category , Chin allowed for the possibility that a jury could still find the statement to be defamatory .
Cosby alleged that Stern had engaged in sex with Larry Birkhead , the man who was ultimately determined to be the father of Smith ’s daughter , Dannielynn .
Cosby will still face trial in the case .
The book contains allegations of pimping Smith , perjury , and possible murder by Stern .
Chin also rules that Stern is not “ libel - proof ” — a character so notorious that defamation could not harm his non-existent reputation .
The issue of homosexuality as a per se category remains uncertain .
Obviously , such a claim may have greater claim as a per se category for a deeply religious person or a minister for example .
Chin ’s opinion is extremely well - done and convincing — and worth reading .
For the opinion , click here .
The case is Stern v. Cosby , 07 Civ. 8536 .
For the story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
The former agent in charge of the Nogales office of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has been arrested on charges of cocaine trafficking and public corruption for aiding Mexican drug cartels .
Ricard Cramer , who was stationed in Mexico before retiring in 2007 , was arrested Friday at his home in Green Valley .
He appeared before a federal judge , who denied bail .
The charges stem from a U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency investigation going back to 2006 .
In a criminal complaint made public Friday , agents say Cramer helped a large - scale drug trafficking organization move cocaine into the United States .
They accuse Cramer of using his position to persuade DEA agents to run database checks under the guise of drug investigations .
They say he was checking to ensure that drug traffickers he worked with were not confidential informants with law enforcement agencies .
The case is being handled by the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Miami , where federal prosecutors say the majority of the acts occurred .
He will be extradited to Florida , where he will enter a plea and a judge will likely reconsider bail .
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) -
The chief prosecutor at the International Criminal Court said on Wednesday that he was gathering information about possible war crimes committed by NATO soldiers and insurgents in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is a signatory of the treaty that established The Hague - based ICC , and any war crime committed on its territory by Afghan nationals or foreigners is of interest to the court , ICC chief prosecutor Luis Moreno - Ocampo told reporters .
“ What we are trying to assess is ... different types of allegations , including massive attacks , collateral damage exceeding what is considered proper , and torture , ” he said .
Moreno - Ocampo said the ICC had received “ allegations from many different sources ” that he was looking into in Afghanistan .
If the preliminary examination shows grounds , a full investigation would be then launched .
He also said the court was continuing to gather information about possible war crimes committed during Israel ’s attack on the Gaza Strip in December - January , last year ’s Russia - Georgia war and in Colombia .
Moreno - Ocampo added that his preliminary examination of alleged war crimes in Afghanistan was “ exceedingly complex ” and time - consuming because of the difficulty of gathering information there .
But he said non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) active in the country have been helping him out .
WAR CRIMES ALLEGATIONS
He declined to provide details on what incidents the ICC was looking into but said officials were examining the actions of coalition forces , Taliban and al Qaeda .
He also said there was no certainty they would ask the court to charge anyone .
“ Before we open an investigation , my office has a duty to conduct preliminary examinations to define exactly whether or not I should open an investigation , ” Moreno - Ocampo said .
Last week a NATO air strike in Afghanistan killed scores of civilians .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai described the strike , which was called in by a German officer , as a major “ error of judgment . ”
Afghan officials have previously complained about what they said were heavy civilian death tolls caused by unwarranted NATO air strikes .
NATO officials have accused Taliban and al Qaeda of various criminal acts in Afghanistan , including attacking schools and kidnapping and murdering aid workers and other innocent civilians .
Rights groups have also charged that members of the administration of former U.S. President George W. Bush authorized the use of torture in Afghan jails after a U.S. - led invasion toppled the Taliban government .
The invasion followed al Qaeda ’s attack on the United States on September 11 , 2001 .
Bush administration officials have denied the charge .
Moreno - Ocampo added that there would be no need for an ICC investigation if the Afghan authorities launch credible proceedings of their own , unless Kabul or the U.N. Security Council specifically ask the court to get involved .
The United States has the most troops in Afghanistan .
It is not a member of the ICC and U.S. officials have long insisted that American soldiers abroad should be subject to U.S. law , not international treaties .
Members of President Barack Obama ’s administration have spoken more positively about the court than their predecessors , but analysts say it is doubtful U.S. lawmakers would ever agree to give a foreign court blanket jurisdiction over U.S. troops .
There are many ways to measure where we are in the economic cycle .
GDP , unemployment numbers , housing starts , hot waitresses .
" The hotter the waitresses , the weaker the economy , " Hugo Lindgren writes in New York Magazine .
He has developed the Hot Waitress Index , under the theory that attractive people land great jobs in sales ... when there are jobs in sales .
When the economy contracts , they trade down to waiting tables .
Lindgren spoke to one waitress at a club on the Lower East Side , who told him , " They slowly let the boys go , then the less attractive girls , and then these hot girls appeared out of nowhere . "
But he also points out that hotness only goes so far .
" Rare indeed is the waitress who is so smoking that customers do n't mind when she drops a glass of Cabernet into their laps . "
Lindgren claims the Hot Waitress Indexis actually a leading indicator , unlike the rest of unemployment .
Hot people will migrate back to better jobs sooner than not - so - hot auto workers .
So when you see the hot waitress go , it 's time to feel good , not bad .
The economy is rebounding .
Finally , Lindgren points out other indices apart from the Bureau of Labor Statistics which measure economic ups and down : The Overeducated Cabbie Index and , my favorite , The Speed at Which Contractors Return Calls Index - " within 24 hours , you 're in a recession ; if they call you without prompting , that 's a depression . "
Questions ?
Comments ?
Funny Stories ?
Email funnybusiness@cnbc.com
Or Where Do You Rate on the Entrepreneurial Scale ?
Are you looking for lists or directories of investors who will give you money ?
Are you considering paying for such a list ?
One word : Don't !
Raising capital for your new business does n't work that way .
You can't just call up a complete stranger out of the blue and expect them to give you money .
Imagine if the situation was reversed and your telephone rang and triggered the following conversation :
Hello ?
Yes hello !
I got your your name from a list of investors I purchased over the Internet .
My startup needs $ X to launch and it would just be totally awesome if you could invest your hard - earned money in it .
I can send you a copy of our business plan which clearly shows what a great opportunity this is .
What would you be thinking ?
You 'd probably be thinking , " Who the heck are you ?
Where did you get my name ? "
In order to win capital , the provider has to trust you but trust takes time to build .
People need to get to know one another over an extended period .
The minimum time is in the six to twelve month range .
In most cases , the more face time you can get with a potential investor , the shorter the time frame for establishing the minimal level of trust you will need .
During this phase you need to meet with them regularly and demonstrate your competence as an entrepreneur by continuously moving the project along .
Polishing your business plan and PowerPoint is not considered tangible progress .
What you need to do to win confidence and trust is to find a way to generate some cash flow .
Where are You on the Entrepreneurial Scale ?
Imagine a scale of 1 to 10 on which we rate a person 's entrepreneurial savvy with 10 being the highest and best .
Writing a business plan and then waiting for some good Samaritan to come along and fund it rates a 1 .
Finding ways to create cash flow with a transitional model starts to move you into the 5 + range .
By transitional I mean finding a way to get started with perhaps a piece of the original concept or with a related product or service .
Let me give you an example .
Oftentimes individuals or teams seeking funding for a new technology will engage in providing consulting solutions for the same problem that their technology will solve once funded .
This approach achieves two key objectives : 1 ) it demonstrates that the entrepreneur knows how to create cash flow , and 2 ) the relationship starts to build trust with clients who might be in a position to invest in the project .
Entrepreneurs who can launch a company quickly without waiting for some stranger to give them cash rate a 9 or 10 on the scale .
Back in the late 1980s , I was working with a consulting firm providing financial expertise to technology companies from Los Angeles to Vancouver .
During that time I was given the opportunity to work with entrepreneurs who rated as 10s on the scale .
So , if you 're sitting there waiting for a stranger to fund you so that you can get up and start building the business , understand that you are operating at the 1 level and that 's not a good place to be .
Moreover , no one with money will take you seriously .
Finally , there 's another reason not to pay money for those lists of investors and lenders .
It 's called the Internet .
To find investors , focus on the local because face time is crucial for success .
You do this by searching , " your city , venture capital firms " or " your city , angel investor groups . "
( By the way , this blog lists all the angel investor groups and their contact info by city or state .
And it 's free . )
So , use the Force , Luke , use the Force .
List of angel investor groups .
Cost Of UK Postage Stamps
Here are the costs of UK postage stamps by category and date .
NOTE : All UK Mail Orders will be sent SECOND CLASS
Anyone wishing FIRST CLASS must state this on their ORDER FORM
and pay the appropriate postage rate .
SECOND CLASS MAIL Note : weights are all up to and including that specified Format Size Weight Price Large Letter Maximum
353 x 250mm
25 mm thick 0 - 100g £ 0.42 101 - 250g £ 0.66 251 - 500g £ 0.90 501 - 750g £ 1.31 Packet
Any item over
353 mm long
OR 250 mm wide
OR over 25 mm thick 0 - 100g £ 0.95 101g - 250g £ 1.24 251g - 500g £ 1.63 501g - 750g £ 2.08 751g - 1000g £ 2.49 Packets over 1 kg cannot be sent by Second Class mail .
This year ’s Google Summer of Code has ended .
And it was a great success !
This year I had the pleasure to mentor two outstanding students : Adam Kidder and Alessandro Sivieri .
Working with them was fun and rewarding .
Both quickly understood what Nepomuk was all about and provided high quality work .
I am very happy about that .
Even more so since both of them plan to continue working on KDE and Nepomuk .
Thus , I can only repeat myself : a great success .
Enough of the euphoria .
Let us dive into the good stuff and start with Adam ’s project :
Improved Virtual Folders
We have had the virtual folder KIO slave in KDE for quite some time now .
But it was one big hack I threw together and always had its hickups , not to mention the lack of features .
Adam took the project of improving the situation by making it more stable , introducing new features such as negated terms and relative dates , and providing a GUI for query creation .
I can assure you that this was no easy task .
Diving into the messy code I produced both for the Nepomuk query service and the search KIO slave Adam needed nerves of steel .
But he proved himself by understanding and sorting out the mess and introducing a bunch of nice features .
Relative Dates
One of the nicest thing Adam implemented is the support for relative date in queries .
By relative dates I mean for example yesterday as you can see in the following screenshot :
Another possible relative date is “ a week ago ” which can of course also be combined with other query terms :
Apart from relative dates Adam implemented
Negated Query Terms
Using a minus sign as the negation prefix we can exclude certain query terms :
Very useful and mandatory for any search engine .
One thing I personally find very important is the possibility to use
Sparql Queries in the KIO slave
This allows to use the KIO slave to list arbitrary query results ( as long as its only resources ) and list them in Dolphin or even use a KDirModel to list resources in any application .
Now let us have a look at the
GUI
Due to the complexity of Adam ’s project ’s code he did not get as far with the GUI as he would have liked .
But as mentioned already he will continue to work on it and integrate it into Dolphin nicely .
Anyway , so far we have a small query creator which allows to save queries that are then displayed in the nepomuksearch :/ main folder .
Try it
If you want to test Adam ’s new features before they are merged into trunk you need to install his work branch which replaces a few files installed by kdebase - runtime .
The query editor is still part of the Nepomuk playground module .
It is not enabled in the build system of the whole module , it needs to be built independantly .
That ’s it for now .
Next up : Alessandro ’s smart file dialog .
Art & Copy
A documentary on the mavericks of American advertising .
Illustration by David Simonds
Correction to this article
LANGUAGE laws may protect minority rights or infringe them .
Slovakia 's new law , which comes into force on September 1st , is under fire for its harshness .
It imposes fines of up to € 5,000 ( $ 7,000 ) on those who break rules promoting the use of Slovak in public .
Hungarian - speakers , who number around a tenth of the population , mainly in the south of the country , see that as a direct attack on their right to speak their mother - tongue .
So do politicians in neighbouring Hungary .
A long - running dispute between two of Europe 's most prickly neighbours is turning nasty .
Slovakia 's left - leaning populist government has been needling Hungary since it took power in 2006 .
It sidelined plans for a joint Hungarian - Slovak history textbook last year and has publicly endorsed the Benes Decrees , which expelled most Germans and many Hungarians from the then Czechoslovakia after 1945 , as a punishment for their supposedly Nazi sympathies .
The new law tightens rules about speaking Slovak in dealings with public officials : not just police officers or teachers , but also , say , doctors .
Exceptions apply to monoglots , or in districts where the minority makes up a fifth or more of the population .
Hungarian - language schools must conduct their administration in Slovak .
The new law also lays down detailed instructions for the way in which memorials and plaques may be inscribed .
A party representing the Hungarian minority is mounting a challenge in the constitutional court : it calls the law “ 19th - century language imperialism ” .
The Slovak response similarly accuses the Hungarians of hankering for the 19th century : they dominated the region in the Habsburg era .
The Slovak prime minister , Robert Fico , said the real problem was those wanting to bully Slovaks in the south of the country into learning Hungarian .
The Slovak foreign ministry has published ( unilaterally ) an expert opinion drawn up in confidence by Knut Vollebaek , high commissioner for national minorities at the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe , a Vienna - based international organisation .
Mr Vollebaek agrees that the bill does not in itself contravene international law or Slovakia 's earlier commitments to protect minority languages .
But his opinion also highlights concerns over the hasty passage of the new legislation and the danger that it may be interpreted arbitrarily .
The big question is the meaning of the requirement that Slovak be used “ in public ” .
Would , say , a Hungarian - speakers ' poetry club have to arrange for their meetings to be translated into Slovak ?
Perhaps not , but it is an odd thing to have to worry about these days in the European Union .
Grandstanding in the run-up to elections has fuelled the row .
Mr Fico is gaining record popularity ratings .
It helps divert opinion from issues such as corruption and economic decline .
Mikulas Dzurinda , a former prime minister and opposition leader , says that the real danger to the Slovak language comes not from tongue - tied ethnic Hungarians , but from the debasing of Slovak by foul - mouthed chauvinists in the government , such as the leader of the Slovak National Party , Jan Slota .
He recently provoked uproar by calling a policewoman ( she says ) a “ cunt ” .
The charming gentleman 's complaint ?
She had refused to allow his driver unauthorised entry to a parliamentary garage .
Finally , Jay , it ’s your turn to be in the spotlight a bit .
I ’m looking forward to this !
So , tonight I ’m going to go see Mr. Big !!!!
How freggin ’ cool is that ?
I was a huge fan in high school .
My 14 - year - old self is screaming her head off with excitement right now .
I CAN ’T WAIT !!!
More Basterds
Pick up the September fall fashion issue for the full portfolio , and , in the meantime , meet the Basterds below .
CLICK HERE to subscribe to Esquire
Gedeon Burkhard
Carlos Serrao
" It 's something you just have to work at , but I have to say it 's easier than learning to slit a throat . "
CLICK HERE for the full , extended interview
Eli Roth
Carlos Serrao
" Quentin said he wants people to go , ' That 's the Bear Jew ? ' "
CLICK HERE for the full , extended interview
Paul Rust
Carlos Serrao
" I'm in the scene when the guy gets beaten to death with a baseball bat . "
CLICK HERE for the full , extended interview
Omar Doom
Carlos Serrao
" Apparently , I love shooting guns .
Machine guns , specifically , over and over , for days on end . "
CLICK HERE for the full , extended interview
B.J. Novak
Carlos Serrao
" It all started when we were all having drinks at a bar in Berlin called Tarantino 's , which , believe it or not , is actually a Quentin Tarantino - themed bar . "
CLICK HERE for the full , extended interview
Samm Levine
Carlos Serrao
" I 'm running and screaming while holding this massively large machine gun that no man should ever have to hold .
It was the most fun I 've ever had . "
CLICK HERE for the full , extended interview
RELATED LINKS :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Will we ever see a Zune on this ( eastern ) side of the Atlantic ?
Ever since its launch in September 2006 , we 've been asking Microsoft UK whether eager customers - come on , there must be some - in the UK and Europe will see Redmond 's would - be giant - killer in action .
Except that increasingly it looks like the Zune may be put to sleep with the fishes before it crosses the water .
Take the latest from Marketwatch , which points out that while the iPod has developed into a wide and of course strong line , taking in everything from the tiny shuffle through the nano to the " classic " to the touchscreen iPod Touch , the Zune remains much the same , apart from having different storage capacities .
" If Zune were going to make a strong move against the iPod , it already would have , " said IDC analyst Susan Kevorkian .
( Have to love how they call these things " Zune " , not " the Zune " , as if they were humans or something . )
Worse , revenues for the Entertainment and Devices division declined - along with pretty much everything at Microsoft - in its fourth quarter .
However , the non-gaming side of E&D ( ie the Zune and Mediaroom , Microsoft 's IPTV service ) fell by 42 % , or $ 291 m , in the fourth quarter - far more than the rest of Microsoft , where revenues declined 17 % .
( For E&D overall , revenues declined 26 % for the quarter to $ 1.189bn , though losses narrowed to $ 130 m . )
Now , digital music players are hurting : Apple saw its first year - on - year per-quarter fall in iPod sales ( by 11 % ) despite reporting record revenues .
Now , Microsoft says it 's going to come up with a touchscreen Zune - let 's call it the Zune Touch for simplicity - but it may be too late .
At MarketWatch :
" The market reception for Zune is so disappointing that many retailers have even stopped selling it altogether , " said George Kurian , a vice president at Tradition Capital Management LLC , which owns Microsoft shares .
In the US less than 5 % of people with a digital player say they have a Zune , while about 61 % have an iPod .
Worldwide , of course , that share will be even tinier for the Zune ( because it 's not on sale anywhere outside the US , for reasons Microsoft has never felt able to share . )
And as the year has gone on it's got worse : NPD Group says market share ( ie , what 's selling ) puts the Zune at 2 % and the iPod at 70 % or more .
The question is , what is Microsoft trying to prove with the Zune ?
That it can make an also - ran music player ?
It 's done that .
Are n't there other things to do now ?
" Microsoft should abandon Zune and follow Apple 's strategy to try to make its presence felt in the high - growth smartphone sector , " Kurian said .
Ah .
Well , that 's a nice idea .
You mean use that Windows Mobile ( now renamed Windows Phone ) product ?
Yes .
Well ,
We have a longer piece about where Windows Phone is going in tomorrow 's print section ( and soon to be online ) but just consider this graph :
This shows sales of the iPhone vs Windows Mobile licences .
The periods compared are Microsoft 's financial years , so we 've matched the quarterly iPhone sales against those for Microsoft .
The depressing news for Microsoft : the iPhone has outsold Windows Mobile in the past year ( we 've not been given numbers for the latest year , but as Microsoft is n't shouting them from the rooftops - and did n't hit its 20 m target that it had been bruiting in 2008 - we can assume that sales were steady ) .
The even more depressing news ?
Those numbers for Apple do n't include the iPod Touch , which are n't broken out separately .
But the iPod Touch sells even more than the iPhone .
So do you expect to see the Zune land in the UK before it's taken out the back of the Microsoft campus and shot , along with the Spot data wristwatch , the Smart Display and those other " good ideas " that were n't ?
[ Editor ’s note : now available in Belorussian translation . ]
Breaking up has always been difficult for me .
I tend to fall in love with being in love , and continue a relationship well past the point of futility .
And so it is with my oldest love , writing desktop software .
I ’m sorry , desktop apps .
We just do n’t have a future together anymore .
Its not you , its me .
A bit of background : for the last three years I ’ve sold Bingo Card Creator , a desktop app which pretty much does what it says on the tin .
It has gone from being a passing fancy to a rather lucrative hobby to , well , a bit more than that over the years .
As I gradually became more invested in the business of writing desktop software , I got more and more snippy about the periodic desktop versus webapp flamewars , and defended the ascendancy of desktop software .
What Changed My Mind
Over roughly the same period my day job has changed and transitioned me from writing thick clients in Swing to big freaking enterprise web apps .
I ’ve learned SQL , Rails , etc and used them to fairly decent effect in selling Bingo Card Creator , which is a Swing app ( if all you have is a hammer … ) .
This summer , I decided to try stepping my web programming skills up a notch , and released a web version of Bingo Card Creator .
It has exceeded all my expectations : in ease of writing , in features , in sales , in support burden , in marketability , etc .
In game theory terms , it strictly dominates the desktop version , when seen from the eyes of the developer at any rate .
If I were starting out today , I would , without a shadow of a doubt , write a web app instead of a desktop app , for these reasons :
The Shareware Funnel Is Lethal
I have never used the word “ shareware ” to describe Bingo Card Creator , because I think that it is an anacronism that my customers do not understand , but among fellow technically inclined people it describes the business model succinctly .
Someone visits your website , downloads your trial , and hopefully purchases your program .
That process is called a funnel , and if you break it down into concrete steps , the shareware funnel is long and arduous for the consumer :
Start your web session on Google , like everyone does these days .
Google your pain point .
Click on the search result to the shareware site .
Read a little , realize they have software that solves your problem .
Mentally evaluate whether the software works on your system .
Click on the download button .
Wait while it downloads .
Close your browser .
Try to find the file on your hard disk .
Execute the installer .
Click through six screens that no one in the history of man has ever read .
Execute the program .
Get dumped at the main screen .
Play around , fall in love .
Potentially weeks pass .
Find your way back to the shareware site .
Check out price .
Type in your credit card details .
Hit Checkout .
I could go into more detail if I wanted , but that is seventeen different opportunities for the shareware developer to fail .
If you do n’t catch the download in the 30 seconds people give your website , no sale .
If your customer ca n’t find the file after they download it , no sale .
If it requires a JRE upgrade and after restarting their computer they ’ve forgotten what they were working on , no sale .
If they play around with it , close it , and ca n’t remember how to open it again , no sale .
If they get to the sales page and ca n’t operate your shopping cart , no sale .
Is it any wonder why shareware has typical conversion ratios of 1 % or less ?
Web Applications Convert Better
A web application does n’t have to be downloaded or installed , never requires a restart , and never requires a contextual change just to open up a purchasing page .
As a result , the conversion ratio is higher .
Much higher .
Here are the actual stats from Bingo Card Creator .
I ’m looking at conversions from my best performing AdWords campaign only , because that minimizes sources of variation like , e.g. , the different types of traffic I ’ve gotten in the last 2 months ( while the webapp was available ) versus in the last three years .
Visitor to Free Trial :
Downloaded : 18 ~ 22 %
Web App : 22 % ~ 26 %
Trial to Purchase :
Downloaded : 1.35 %
Web App : 2.32 %
This is essentially the same application .
If anything , the online version has less features , and it has 2 months of development whereas the downloadable application has had 3 years of improvements made to it .
Yet the online version outsells my desktop application almost two to one .
Your AdWords Strategy Is Very Sensitive To Conversion Rates
A portion the numerical disparity is because I have started to react to , e.g. , the difference in conversion rates of advertising and promote accordingly .
A sale of either nets me the same amount of money , about $ 28 .
However , if you break out the math on how much AdWords costs per sale ( cost per click divided by conversion rate to trial divided by conversion rate to purchase ) :
Downloadable version : $ 20 AdWords CPA
Web App : $ 9 AdWords CPA
( You ’re welcome , Google . )
This does n’t just save me money , it helps me trounce my competitors .
For example , if my competitors are selling downloadable software , and they are equally as skilled as I am about writing AdWords ads and optimizing their websites , then it should also cost them about $ 20 a sale to advertise on AdWords .
( This explains why I never see ads for the competitors who try to gain volume by undercutting my price — if you ’re going to price at $ 23.95 , you ’d better be a crackerjack SEO because you simply cannot afford to outbid me in AdWords . )
Decreasing my cost of customer acquisition by over half lets me bid more for my AdWords to gain additional volume .
For example , for the longest time my AdWords strategy was more or less monetizing traffic other people could n’t be bothered with , while larger brands producing e.g. printed bingo supplies went after the head terms like [ bingo cards ] .
With vastly improved conversion rates , I might be able to advertise profitably on those terms , increasing my volume and making me very , very happy .
As it is , I have walked up bids a bit and am getting 25 % more inventory than I usually do .
Web Applications Are Easier To Support
Many desktop developers hate customer support with a burning passion in their soul .
I actually enjoy it , but I enjoy making it unnecessary even more , as there is no customer support experience so good as avoiding the problem in the first place .
Support requests from last 50 customers :
Desktop Application : 15
Web Application : 3
I ’ve had three years to streamline the website , purchasing process , and application for my desktop app , and that has helped me greatly reduce the number of inquiries I get .
Even after all that work , the main culprits are pretty much the same as ever : installation issues , lost registration keys , and bugs present in old versions of the software that are still floating around download sites .
Web apps , by comparison :
Have no installation issues , because there is no installation .
Do not require registration keys .
( Technically , because I allow users to use both the desktop and web application , I issue them one — but it is immediately applied to their account via creative abuse of e-junkie and cookies .
Most customers get to use their software immediately without actually reading the bit in the email sent to them — or failing to read it , as happens quite often . )
Never have an accessible version of the software older than the most recent one .
By comparison , if you were to Google [ bingo card creator version 1.04 ] ( which has n’t been distributed in , hmm , two years or so ) , you ’d find it on hundreds of download sites .
The Age Of The Pirates Is Coming An End , Jack
I ’m famously lackadaisical about software piracy , preferring to concentrate on satisfying paying customers rather than harming their experience with anti-piracy methods .
However , the existence of pirates is a stitch in my craw , particularly when any schoolmarm typing the name of my software into Google is prompted to try stealing it instead :
You want to take a quick stab at how many pirates have circumvented the copy protection on the online version ?
Bwa .
Hah .
Hah .
I once remarked to Paul Graham that the future of software was with pervasive integration with the server simply because that means that downloading the client does n’t let you pirate the software any more than downloading Firefox lets you pirate Basecamp .
( Ironically , I made that point in a defense of desktop software as a business model .
Mea maxima culpa !
Theoretical utility of desktop software is one thing , but I ca n’t ignore what my numbers are telling me . )
Phone Home vs. Google Analytics
One of the curious traits among software developers is that , speaking as a group , we feel something like “ I own what happens on my machine and nothing should happen without my say - so ” .
This generally leads to a severe reluctance to “ phone home ” from the application to the developer ’s server — even reports on very innocuous data like “ Did I steal this software or not ? ” is often tarred with the label spyware .
On the Internet , privacy expectations have evolved a bit in the last few years .
The overwhelming majority of the public has been told that they ’re being tracked via cookies and could not care less .
If you write a privacy policy , they wo n’t even bother reading it .
Which means that you can disclose in your privacy policy that you track non-personally identifying information , which is very valuable as a software developer .
What features of your software are being used ?
What features of your software are being ignored ?
What features are used by people who go on to pay ?
What combination of settings is most common ?
What separates the power users from the one - try - and - quit users ?
Tracking all of these is very possible with modern analytics software like , e.g. , Mixpanel .
You can even wrestle the information out of Google Analytics if you ’re prepared to do some extra work .
You can do it in a way which respects your users ’ privacy while still maximizing your ability to give them what they want .
Some people may be under the impression that users will tell you what they want .
Nope — most of them will assume you are like every other business they have ever dealt with , where their opinion does n’t matter , and the software is offered take - it - or - leave - it .
And they just left it !
Things I learned about Bingo Card Creator customers which I never knew before I had an online app :
The most common word used in bingo cards is — ready for it — “ baby ” .
I completely underestimated the demand for Baby Shower bingo cards , and avoided making an official set for years .
As soon as I had the top ten word list ( which was all baby shower words ) I fixed that .
The more features I add to the software , the worse it sells .
( This is , needless to say , highly unintuitive to most software developers . )
Most customers purchase within two hours of signup , so it is absolutely imperative that their first use of the software exceed all their expectations .
Web Apps Can Be Customized Per User
Downloadable software pretty much has to treat every user identically by default .
There are very limited ways to segment users , and no way to report the results of experiments .
For web apps , however , if you have a halfway decent A/ B testing library ( like , say , the free one I wrote for Rails developers ) , you can experiment with having multiple versions of the application available concurrently , and see which one performs best .
The data collected by A/B testing has helped me :
simplify my options screens to avoid confusing users
improve the first - run experience
write instructions such that they ’re easier to follow
In addition to changing program behavior randomly , you can segment your users .
I have only scratched the surface of how powerful this is , and it is already producing solid results for me :
Do n’t treat your newbies like you treat your power - users .
You have a database .
It records all their actions since the dawn of time .
Use it .
I have a couple very simple heuristics for “ is probably still getting used to the software ” and , if you are , the software treats you with kid gloves .
For example , it hides complex , seldom used options by default .
It gives you instructions to a degree that a power - user might find insulting .
( I do n’t have the artistic skills to draw a little animated paperclip but I would if I could !
It looks like you ’re trying to make a bingo card .
Need help ? )
Give your customers a “ credit ” score .
I have a particular heuristic which segments users into four buckets .
It is n’t exactly FICO , but it does successfully predict conversion rates : they range from 10 % in bucket A to 0.01 % in bucket D. Bucket C is interesting , though — they convert some of the time , but do n’t seem to be getting quite the value out of Bingo Card Creator that Bucket A does .
I wonder if Bucket C would feel differently if they got a $ 5 coupon in the email .
Meanwhile , it looks like Bucket D is n’t very interested in paying me money under any circumstances , but if I had a scratch - my - back - to - get - it - free option , I could place it prominently on their dashboards .
Long Cycles Mean Low Innovation .
Short Cycles Mean Fast Innovation .
This sort of thing is very difficult to do with desktop apps , because you ca n’t reliably collect data on what approaches work , and you have the build / test / deploy / distribute cycle to worry about .
It takes months for a new version of the desktop application to hit more than half of my users , and I give out upgrades for free .
By comparison , I can literally have an A/ B test coded , tested , and deployed globally in under a minute , for ones which are fairly low impact .
Relocating a button , for example , requires two lines of code , a SVN commit , and a quick server restart .
I start getting data immediately .
By comparison , doing that on my desktop app would require 15 minutes of building , then waiting weeks while the new trials percolated from my website to the various download sites , and probably unforseen issues on Mac OS X 10.4 because apparently in a past life I must have stepped on Pharaoh Jobs ’ cat .
Recently , a desktop developer ’s mailing list that I ’m on commented that a release weekly development cycle is unsustainable , bordering on suicide .
As a desktop developer , I agree , it would break me .
As a web application developer — I have released 67 updates to Bingo Card Creator in the past 7 weeks , and this is n’t even my day job .
A button here , some textual edits there , seven A/ B tests , etc etc , and pretty soon you ’re looking at the magic of compounding 1 % improvements .
Speaking of Magic
I love desktop applications .
I prefer them to web apps almost any chance I get .
You can keep your Google Docs , Excel is superior in almost every way .
As a developer , I love getting permanent presence right in front of the user ( on their desktop , naturally ) .
My customers love desktop applications .
They love the “ physicality ” .
They love the perceived security ( the number of people who purchased backup CDs and then proceeded to only use the webapp is downright distressing to me ) .
They love that the application has first - class OS support , feels native , copies and pastes right , works with double clicking files , etc etc .
But at the end of the day , I ’m an engineer .
I follow the numbers where they lead me .
The numbers say that sales in this August were 60 % over those of last August , despite a major blowup with Google that should have cost me dearly .
All of my attempts to distill wisdom from the statistics have lead to one conclusion : the cumulative advantages of the web application , in my advertising , in my on - site experience , within the application , within my development process , and within my purchase funnel are just stupendously superior to the desktop app .
I ’m sorry , desktop apps .
We had good times together , but we ’re through .
[ Edit to add : I ’m going to continue supporting all customers of Bingo Card Creator , regardless of how they choose to get it .
The next major release will almost certainly be its last .
The webapp , and my future webapps , seem to be much better investments . ]
Google is already talking about Android 12 changes , but it 's focused on app stores and fees
By Chris Hall · 30 September 2020
Third - party store installs will be easier , but bills must be paid !
Sam Matthews of The Punting Company was angry .
" It 's provocative , " he said .
" It 's somebody hoping to start a war to get rid of us .
It 's the competition , but which competition ?
I have my suspicions , but the best thing is not to retaliate . "
Matthews is the latest victim of what locals call the " punt wars " , a series of disputes between rival operators in the £ 2.5 m punt industry in Cambridge .
The battles have reached new heights after two of Matthews 's boats were found sawn through from top to bottom .
The nighttime attack is the most audacious in the spate of clashes that have disrupted the tranquillity of the Cam and prompted calls for a cap on the number of boats competing for custom from the four million people who visit the city each year .
Observers say punting is now in danger of becoming a tawdry industry that will lower the city 's reputation .
The panoply of weapons used in the punting wars is said to include stink bombs thrown from bridges to render a rival 's boat inoperable , washing up liquid squirted to make it too slippery for the punter to stand , and bolt - cutters to snap mooring chains .
But never , until now , an electric jig saw .
" If it 's happened to me , " said Matthews , " who 's next ? "
Matthews , whose independent company jostles for space on the Cam with century - old established punting companies , more recent co-operatives , and " mobilers " , so named because they have no established moorings , estimates damage to his boats in excess of £ 10,000 .
Rod Ingersent , general manager of Scudamore 's , the oldest and largest of the punting companies , described the attack as " a new departure " .
" We 've had argy bargy , touts fighting over tourists , pushing and shoving , yes .
But everyone is a bit shocked because it is not something we have known before . "
The growing number of punt operators employ touts who hunt in packs to talk tourists onto a chauffeured tour in huge 12 - seater punt ferries at £ 14 - a - head .
In the last three years , police have investigated 31 altercations between touts .
One was said to have involved a knife , and in another a woman broke her hip when she was caught up in a brawl between touts .
James Bayliss - Smith , a freelance cameraman and part - time Cam punter who is making a documentary on the Punt Wars , believes there should be a cap on numbers .
" Or better still , a ban on the over - sized ' ferry ' punts .
Unchecked , these behemoths have turned a serene and beautiful river into a log- jammed motorway , " he said .
Cam Conservators , the body responsible for managing the river since 1710 , grants licences to punt operators , but as long as the boats are properly constructed and a fee paid , they have no power to refuse a licence .
Two recent developments are said to have provoked the sawing of the two punts : the " battle of the Middle Steps " and Cambridge City Council 's attempts to control the number of punt touts .
The Middle Steps leading down to the river are in between Scudamore 's two pontoons at the Quayside punting station at Magdalene Bridge .
Independent punt owners used to pick up and land tourists there , until it was declared unsafe by Cam Conservators .
Blame was laid on the number of boats bumping into them and causing erosion .
" Rubbish " said one unnamed mobiler , who claims a member of Scudamore 's staff was seen " pulling bricks out " to make the steps unsafe , so independents could n't use them .
" Cobblers , " Ingersent told the Guardian .
" Somebody did fall in there .
It was totally unsafe . "
Banned from the steps , independents have this year found themselves also forbidden from landing on any council - owned land .
Instead , the council set aside a special pontoon at Quayside , and granted a limited number of independents the right to trade from there .
The result , according to critics , has been chaos .
Those unable to use Quayside or council greens have decamped to the only other spot they say they can legally land – a small concrete platform by a public bridge at Garret Hostel Lane .
The trouble is the Trinity Boys , an affiliation of punt owners named after the nearby college , have been trading there for 30 years .
After a day 's blockade , agreement was reached .
The new boys – which includes Matthews – can pick up and land , but not tout from there .
So , instead , they deploy their touts on nearby King 's Parade and footfall along this central tourist haunt has yielded great riches .
Alastair Roberts , Cambridge City Council 's safer communities officer , said the ban on punts using council land had been enforced because " the numbers were getting quite significant , with punts lined up all the way down the river bank " .
He added the new system had resulted in a drop in complaints from the public , he said .
Vanessa Delaney , pictured arriving at court drinking a can of beer , was one of three drunk women who battered a man they thought had wolf - whistled at them
Three drunk women chased and viciously assaulted a man they wrongly believed had wolf - whistled at them .
Richard Tailby , 22 , was walking past a flat in Grimsby , Lincolnshire , with friends when one of the group whistled at a woman dancing by the window .
But Vanessa Delaney , 38 , Claire Edwards , 25 , and Sally Pawson , 24 , sprinted out of the property and chased Mr Tailby into a car park where they launched a ferocious attack on him .
Edwards grabbed the innocent victim in a headlock as the trio knocked him to the ground in a hail of punches and kicks , Grimsby Magistrates Court heard yesterday .
During the attack the three women screamed : ' All men are stupid ! '
Prosecutor Teresa Rae said : ' He managed to get up and run a short distance before they caught up with him and continued by punching him to his head and face . '
Mr Tailby suffered a bruised ear and eye , a cut lip and grazing and swelling on his head during the assault on May 16 .
Fish factory worker Edwards - the only one of the women with a job - told police that Mr Tailby and his friends had been verbally abusing them and calling them lesbians .
But she admitted being drunk and said vodka ' made her horrible ' and that she ' became violent ' .
Delaney , who arrived at court swigging a can of beer , said she was an alcoholic and Pawson admitted she had been ' ten out of ten ' for drunkenness .
' Totally unnecessary ' : Sally Pawson ( left ) and Claire Edwards ( right ) attacked Richard Tailby in a car park after one of his friends whistled at them
Grimsby magistrate Mike Corry said : ' This was a totally unnecessary attack .
You were like a pack of animals chasing its prey .
' There was some abuse in the first place but the action you took was completely over the top . '
The trio admitted assault and received three - month suspended jail terms .
Pawson and Edwards must carry out 150 hours of unpaid work each while Delaney was given a three - month night - time curfew and a one - year supervision order .
They must each pay £ 95 in compensation and costs .
If the figure is confirmed by Guinness the event will hold the new record for the highest number of kites flown simultaneously - the previous high of 710 kites was reached in northern Germany last year
Credit : EPA
About The Author Brad Colbow is a web designer living and working in Cleveland Ohio ( USA ) .
He is also the creator of the weekly web comic “ The Brads ” about two web … More about Brad Colbow …
Misunderstanding Markup : XHTML 2/HTML 5 Comic Strip
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Since the official announcement of W3C to stop working on the development of XHTML 2 in the end of 2009 and increase resources on HTML 5 instead , there has been a lot of confusion and various debates about the “ proper ” markup language for modern and future web - development .
Now that the development of XHTML 2 is discontinued , should we stick to XHTML 1.0 or move forward to HTML 5 or better prefer the old HTML 4 ?
Let ’s set things straight once and for all .
In this post we are trying to clear up the confusion , explain what is what and describe what markup language you can use for your web - sites .
You can also see the comic in the larger version .
You may also be interested in the following related posts :
* Overall Canadian sales fall 7.9 percent in March
* Ford Canada records third month of sales gains
* GM retakes No. 1 sales position
TORONTO , Sept 1 ( Reuters ) - Auto sales in Canada fell for a 10th straight month in August , industry figures showed on Tuesday , though Ford managed to maintain the sales and market - share momentum that it gained in the middle of the industry crisis .
Overall Canadian vehicle sales fell 7.9 percent from August 2008 to 135,351 units , according to data from DesRosiers Automotive Consultants Inc .
“ I guess one could say that is an improvement from the double - digit declines through most of the past year , ” said Dennis DesRosiers , president of the firm .
“ But understand that there is little in these numbers to indicate that things are getting better . ”
Global recession took the legs out from under the auto industry , leading to bankruptcies at General Motors [ GM.UL ] , and Chrysler earlier in the year .
Both companies have reemerged from U.S. Chapter 11 filings with the help of billions in U.S. and Canadian government aid , but they have found little sales traction in Canada as lingering concerns and soft economic conditions have kept customers out of the showrooms .
Many countries around the world have boosted auto sales through so - called “ cash for clunkers ” programs , but Canada has not offered such a program .
[ ID :nN01493744 ]
Ford Motor Co F.N , the only Detroit - based auto company not to rely on government funds to survive , recorded its third consecutive month of sales growth in Canada , with a 7.1 percent increase over last August , to 22,236 units .
The company also recorded its 10th straight month of market share gains .
So far this year , Ford ’s share of the Canadian market is up by close to 3 points , with one point representing about 14,000 vehicles , David Mondragon , Ford Canada president and chief executive , said in an interview .
“ We continued to gain sales and share in a declining industry and we had a tremendous car month , so it was n’t solely on the back of our great selling trucks , ” he said .
“ We are a very balanced company and we are a great car company . ”
Car sales at Ford Canada were up 17 percent while truck sales rose 5 percent .
GM Canada , despite seeing its sales fall 27.9 percent , took back the No. 1 sales spot in Canada , after giving it up to Ford in the previous two months , with 23,135 units sold .
GM ’s car sales fell 45.4 percent and its truck sales were down 11.3 percent .
Toyota Canada Inc 7203 .T sales skidded 21.4 percent to 18,239 from August 2008 .
The Japan - based automaker 's Toyota division recorded a 24.2 percent sales drop , while the luxury Lexus brand improved by 31.3 percent for its best August on record .
The Canadian arm of Chrysler , which exited bankruptcy in June , said its sales dropped 7.2 percent year - on - year to 14,432 units in August .
The company said that due mainly to the strength of the Brampton , Ontario - built Chrysler 300 and Dodge Charger , its passenger car sales rose 7.8 percent to 2,713 units .
Its truck sales dropped 10.1 percent , to 11,719 .
Honda Canada Inc 7267.T sold 12,218 units in August , an 18 percent drop from last year .
Sales in the Honda auto division fell by 22 percent , while sales in the Acura division rose 26 percent year - on - year .
The mobile phone throwing world championship in Finland on Saturday is just one of many crazy contests on the country 's summer diary .
Helsingin Sanomat columnist Perttu Hakkinen asks why Finns have such a fondness for these wacky pursuits .
Finland is well - known for several reasons : mass - produced mobile phones , lakes - 190,000 of them - and boiling hot saunas .
Also , for Santa Claus and the Eurovision monsterman , Lordi .
Finnish summer sports and pastimes owe something to all of these things .
The telecoms industry , the natural environment - and the country 's gimmicky eccentric side .
The list includes boot throwing , wife carrying , mosquito slapping , mobile - phone throwing , swamp football , sauna endurance contests ... and many more .
I guess all Finnish summer sports were invented by drunk people
Harri Kinnunen , boot - throwing world championships organiser
And it 's probably no coincidence that of all the many countries where people exult in playing air guitar , it 's Finland that hosts the world championships .
But no - one should assume that Finns treat these contests as a joke - nothing could be further from the truth .
The players and fans involved really do mean business .
Vodka and envy
Here 's my theory about how they originated .
The countryside is soothing , but some people want more Almost every Finnish family has its very own summer cottage , or moekki , where it hides every summer to escape annoying neighbours and noisy urban racket .
( Since Finland is a big country consisting mostly of trees and water , it 's quite easy to find some soul - soothing peace . )
But after few days of relaxing country life , some Finns get bored .
Activities like fishing , boozing or swimming lose their magic .
Then it 's time to call - up the annoying neighbours ( or relatives ) again , ask them to come over and get them to engage in some kind of contest .
Toilet - paper throwing , for example .
The winner usually gets a bottle of cheap vodka and envious looks from their rivals .
( Finnish people are quite competitive . )
But boredom is not the only motivating force behind weird summer sports .
" We can lure in 8,000 to 9,000 tourists during a weekend , " says Eero Pitkaenen , announcer for the annual Wife - Carrying World Championships in Sonkajaervi .
This little village located in north - east Finland normally has a population of 4,825 , so wife - carrying enthusiasts triple it every summer .
And that means money .
Rubber boots
While the first Wife - Carrying World Championships were held only in 1992 , the sport allegedly has its roots in a local 18th Century folktale .
It is said that a cold - blooded bandit called Rosvo Ronkainen ( Rosvo means " villain " ) used to snatch women from nearby villages , to have his way with them .
In pictures : Finnish summer sports
It is said that he did n't accept men in his posse who could n't jump over a creek with a 100 kg sack of grain on their shoulders .
The official 253.5 m - long wife - carrying track seems to be influenced by this fable since it features different types of obstacle , including water .
Like wife carrying , boot throwing also goes back a long way , at least to the start of the 20th Century .
Quite how or why it began is unknown , but Harri Kinnunen , two - time organiser of the Boot Throwing World Championships , has a hunch .
" I think it 's pretty obvious that some drunken people were sitting on a terrace after a sauna and saw a rubber boot , " he chuckles as if no further explanation were required ( the urge to pick the boot up and throw it being , quite obviously , irresistible ) .
" I guess all Finnish summer sports were invented by drunk people . "
Urine samples
The UK and New Zealand have their own versions of this sport ( wellie wanging and gumboot throwing ) but the first world championships were held in Finland in 1992 , and over the years a real sport has evolved .
Now it even has its own organisation IBTA ( International Boot Throwing Association ) its own official throwing boot , designed by Italian manufacturers , and strict anti-doping regulations .
" First time I was working as an organiser I received a phone call from a doctor who wanted to come around to collect urine samples , " Kinnunen explains .
" I asked him a few times if it was a prank call . "
It was n't .
A few years later one contestant was actually caught for using prohibited substances !
" Believe it or not , it 's a dead serious sport , " Kinnunen says .
Swamp soccer
The most popular summer sport in Finland , however , is not wife carrying or boot throwing , but swamp soccer ( SS ) .
The SS World Championships can attract over 30,000 enthusiasts and 300 teams to the tiny northern village of Hyrynsalmi ( population 2,895 ) , travelling all the way from the UK , Netherlands , Sweden , Russia and Iceland .
The game is basically just like normal soccer , but it 's played on a wet , marshy swamp .
It generates the same emotional behaviour .
Every once in a while violence raises its ugly head .
Players have been taken to hospital with nasty bruises or missing teeth .
There 's one more factor that helps to explain the popularity of goofy sports in Finland - something I call " the blessed madness " .
Blessed madness is basically an improvised rite where a member of community exalts himself by doing something stupid or dangerous .
Like , say , sitting naked on an ant 's nest .
In a culture as stiff as Finland 's , this ritual bears a great value and it also makes the culture more interesting in the eyes of strangers .
" Yeah , I know what the foreigners think , " Kinnunen laughs .
" Those crazy Finns ! "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Interview With God , its popularity propelled by hundreds of millions of visitors from all parts of the world , has become a spiritual phenomenon .
The online presentation has spread like wildfire , and has touched hearts all around the world .
People of all walks of life and of all faiths are fully embracing it .
The subtle reminder of a caring and active God has become the focus of countless emails to loved ones , and conversations everywhere .
Enhance your instagram bio links
By Ronnie Kasrils
" ... a colonial racist mentality which rationalised the genocide of the indigenous peoples of the Americas and Australasia , in Africa from Namibia to the Congo and elsewhere , most clearly has its parallels in Palestine . "
March 17 , 2009 -- Media Monitors Network --
At the onset of international “ Israel Apartheid Week ” in solidarity with the embattled Palestinian people , I want to start by quoting a South African who emphatically stated as far back as 1963 that “ Israel is an apartheid state ” .
Those were not the words of Nelson Mandela , Archbishop Desmond Tutu or Joe Slovo , but were uttered by none other than the architect of apartheid itself , racist Prime Minister Dr. Hendrik Verwoerd .
He was irked by the criticism of apartheid policy and British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan ’s “ Winds of Change ” speech , in contrast to the West ’s unconditional support for Zionist Israel .
To be sure Verwoerd was correct .
Both states preached and implemented a policy based on racial ethnicity ; the sole claim of Jews in Israel and whites in South Africa to exclusive citizenship ; monopolised rights in law regarding the ownership of land , property , business ; superior access to education , health , social , sporting and cultural amenities , pensions and municipal services at the expense of the original indigenous population ; the virtual monopoly membership of military and security forces , and privileged development along their own racial supremacist lines -- even both countries ' marriage laws were designed to safeguard racial “ purity ” .
The so - called “ non-whites ” in apartheid South Africa , indigenous Africans , others of mixed race or of Indian origin -- like second or third class non-Jews in Israel -- were consigned to a non-citizenship status of Kafkaesque existence , subject to bureaucratic whims and the laws prohibiting their free movement , access to work and trade , dictating where they could reside and so forth .
Verwoerd would have been well aware of Israel ’s dispossession of indigenous Palestinians in 1948 -- the year his apartheid party similarly came to power -- of the unfolding destruction of their villages , the premeditated massacres and the systematic ethnic cleansing .
Within a few short years the apartheid regime was ruthlessly clearing South Africa ’s cities and towns of so - called “ black spots ” -- where the “ non-whites ” lived , socialised , studied and traded -- bulldozing homes , loading families onto military trucks , and forcibly relocating them to distant settlements .
Unlike the “ native reserves ” -- soon to be reconstituted as bantustans -- not too far away from industrial areas because the economy thrived on a quota of cheap black labour .
Whilst he did not live to see the division of Palestinian territory after the Six Day War , and the subsequent creation of miniscule bantustans in the West Bank and Gaza , he would have greatly admired and approved of the machinations that enclosed the Palestinians in their own ghettoised prisons .
This after all was the Verwoerdian grand plan , and the reason why former US President Jimmy Carter could so readily identify the Occupied Palestinian Territories as being akin to apartheid .
In fact the bantustans consisted of 13 % of apartheid South Africa , uncannily comparable to the derisory , ever - shrinking pieces of ground Israel is consigning to the Palestinians .
A further comment about the bantustans .
When I visited Yasser Arafat in his virtually demolished headquarters in Ramallah as part of a South African delegation in 2004 , he pointed around him and said : “ See this is nothing but a bantustan ! ”
No , we responded , pointing out that no bantustan , in fact not even our townships , had been bombed by warplanes , pulverised by tanks .
To a wide - eyed Arafat we pointed out that apartheid Pretoria pumped in funds , constructed impressive administration buildings , even allowed for bantustan airlines to service the Mickey Mouse capitals in order to impress the world that they were serious about so - called “ separate development ” .
Impunity
What Verwoerd admired too was the impunity with which Israel exercised state violence and terror to get its way , without hindrance from its Western allies , increasingly key among them the USA .
What Verwoerd and his ilk came to admire in Israel , and seek to emulate in the southern African region , was the way the Western powers permitted an imperialist Israel to use its unbridled military with impunity in expanding its territory and holding back the rising tide of Arab nationalism in its neighbourhood ..
After the Six Day War , Verwoerd ’s successor John Vorster infamously stated : “ The Israelis have beaten the Arabs before lunchtime .
We will eat the African states for breakfast . ”
But it was not only the racial doctrine of Israel that excited apartheid ’s leaders , it was the use of the biblical narrative as the ideological rationale to justify its vision , aims and methods .
The early Dutch pioneers , the Afrikaners , had used Bible and gun as colonisers elsewhere to carve out their exclusive fortress bastion in South Africa ’s hinterland .
Like the biblical Israelites , they claimed to be “ God ’s chosen people ” with a mission to tame and civilise the wilderness ; disregarding the productivity and industriousness of people who had tilled the soil and traded for centuries -- claiming it was only they who would make the land flow with milk and honey .
They invoked a covenant with God to deliver their enemies into their hands and to bless their deeds .
Until the advent of South Africa ’s democracy , the racial history books generally taught that the white man arrived in South Africa more or less as the so - called “ Bantu tribes ” from the north were wandering across the Limpopo -- South Africa ’s border with Zimbabwe -- and that they the were pioneer settlers in a land without people .
Such a colonial racist mentality which rationalised the genocide of the indigenous peoples of the Americas and Australasia , in Africa from Namibia to the Congo and elsewhere , most clearly has its parallels in Palestine .
What is so shameless about this anachronistic colonial barbarism is that Zionist Israel has been permitted by the West to aspire to such a goal even into the 21st century .
Allies in apartheid
It is by no means difficult to recognise from afar , as Verwoerd had been able to do , that Israel is indeed an apartheid state .
Verwoerd ’s successor Balthazar John Vorster visited Israel after the 1973 October War , when Egypt in a rare victory regained the Suez Canal and Sinai from Israel .
After that Israel and South Africa were virtually twinned as military allies for Pretoria helped supply Israel militarily in the immediacy of its 1973 setback and Israel came to support apartheid South Africa at the height of sanctions with weaponry and technology -- from naval ships and the conversion of supersonic fighter planes to assistance in building six nuclear bombs and the creation of an arms industry .
For the liberation movements of southern Africa , Israel and apartheid South Africa represented a racist , colonial axis .
It was noted that people like Vorster had been Nazi sympathisers , interned during World War II -- yet feted as heroes in Israel and incidentally never again referred to by South African Zionists as an anti-Semite !.
This did not surprise those that came to understand the true racist nature and character of Zionist Israel .
Time and space does not allow further elaboration , but it is instructive to add that in its conduct and methods of repression , Israel came to resemble more and more apartheid South Africa at its zenith -- even surpassing its brutality , house demolitions , removal of communities , targeted assassinations , massacres , imprisonment and torture of its opponents , collective punishment and the aggression against neighbouring states .
Certainly we South Africans can identify the pathological cause , fuelling the hate , of Israel ’s political - military elite and public in general .
Neither is this difficult for anyone acquainted with colonial history to understand the way in which deliberately cultivated race hate inculcates a justification for the most atrocious and inhumane actions against even defenceless civilians -- women , children , the elderly amongst them .
In fact was this not the pathological racist ideology that fuelled Hitler ’s war lust and implementation of the Holocaust ?
` Far worse '
I will state clearly , without exaggeration , that any South African , whether involved in the freedom struggle or motivated by basic human decency , who visits the Occupied Palestinian Territories is shocked to the core at the situation they encounter and agree with Archbishop Tutu ’s comment that what the Palestinians are experiencing is far worse than what happened in South Africa , where the Sharpeville massacre of 69 civilians in 1960 became international symbol of apartheid cruelty .
I want to recall here the words of an Israeli cabinet minister Aharon Cizling in 1948 , after the savagery of the Deir Yassin massacre of 240 villagers became known .
He said : “ Now we too have behaved like the Nazis and my whole being is shaken . ”
Recently , the veteran British MP , Gerald Kaufman , long - time friend of Israel , was reported as remarking that a spokeswoman of the Israel Defence Force , talked like a Nazi , when she coldly dismissed the deaths of defenceless civilians in Gaza -- many women and children amongst them .
It needs to be frankly raised that if the crimes of the Holocaust are at the top end of the scale of human barbarity in modern times , where do we place the human cost of what has so recently occurred in Gaza and against the Palestinians since 1948 in the nakba ( catastrophe ) they have endured ?
How do we evaluate the inhumanity of dropping bombs and blazing white phosphorous on civilian populations , burning people alive , gassing them in a Gaza ghetto under relentless siege with no place to run or hide .
For 22 days of relentless bombardment whole families were vaporised before the horrified eyes of a surviving parent or child .
Guernica , Lidice , the Warsaw Ghetto , Deir Yassin , Mai Lei , Sabra and Shatilla , Sharpeville
Guernica , Lidice , the Warsaw Ghetto , Deir Yassin , Mai Lei , Sabra and Shatilla , Sharpeville are high on that scale -- and the perpetrators of the slaughter in Gaza are the off - spring of Holocaust victims yet again , in Cizling ’s words , behaving like Nazis .
This must not be allowed to go unpunished and the international community must demand they be tried for war crimes and crimes against humanity .
For the lesson is that if apartheid Israel is not stopped in its tracks these crimes will get greater and spread not only to engulf the entire Middle East and Iran , but indeed anywhere that Israel is challenged .
Like the apartheid security forces , the hand of Mossad stretches very far indeed .
And of course with Israel a key ally in the USA ’s “ War on Terror ” and all the motives for that onslaught , oil resources included , there will be no end to this bloody saga -- with the Palestinians targeted to go the way of the extinct peoples of the former colonial era .
But such a fate must not and will not happen , if together with the unconquerable Palestinian people we share the resolve and determination to halt this insidious Zionist project , and its Great Power backing and encouragement .
Once more , let me turn to our South African experience .
International solidarity
There , as with other struggles such as Vietnam , Algeria , the former Portuguese colonies , the just nature of the struggle was the assurance for success .
With that moral advantage , on the basis of a just liberation struggle , we learnt the secret of Vietnam ’s victory and strategised according to what we termed our Four Pillars of Struggle : Political mass struggle ; reinforced by armed struggle ; clandestine underground struggle ; and international solidarity .
At times any one of these can become predominant and it is not for outsiders to direct those at the frontline of struggle what and how to choose but to modestly provide the lessons of our experience pointing out that the unity of the struggling people is as indispensable as the moral high - ground they occupy .
For the Vietnamese the military element was generally primary but always resting on popular mass support .
In South Africa the mass struggle became the primary way , with sabotage actions and limited guerrilla operations inspiring our people .
It all depends on the conditions and the situation .
But unquestioningly , what helped tip the balance , in Vietnam and South Africa , was the force and power of international solidarity action .
It took some 30 years but the worldwide anti-apartheid movement 's campaigns -- launched in London in 1959 -- for boycott , divestment and sanctions -- not only provided international activists with a practical role , but became an incalculable factor in ( a ) isolating and weakening the apartheid regime , ( b ) inspiring the struggling people , ( c ) undermining the resolve of those states that supported and benefited from relations with apartheid South Africa , ( d ) generated a change of attitude among the South African white public generally , and political , business , professional , academic , religious and sporting associations in particular .
Boycotts made them feel the pinch in their pockets and by their polecat status -- whether on the sporting fields , at academic or business conventions , in the world of theatre and the arts they were totally shunned like biblical lepers .
There was literally no place to hide from universal condemnation backed by decisive and relentless action which in time became more and more creatve .
Spare no effort
To conclude : we must spare no effort in building a worldwide solidarity movement to emulate the success of the anti-apartheid movement which played such a crucial role in toppling the apartheid regime in South Africa .
Nelson Mandela stated after South Africa attained democratic rule that , “ we South Africans cannot feel free until the Palestinians are free ” .
A slogan of South Africa ’s liberation struggle and our trade union movement is “ An injury to one is an injury to all ! “ .
That goes for the whole of humanity .
Every act of solidarity demonstrates to the Palestinians and those courageous Jews who stand by them in Israel that they are not alone .
Israel has lost in Gaza .
While many Palestinians have lost their lives the Palestinians have not been conquered or cowed .
Repression generates resistance and that will grow .
Israeli aggression stands exposed .
A turning point has been reached in humanity ‘s perception of this issue .
The time is ripe for us to drive home the advantage .
When 150,000 Palestinians within Israel itself demonstrated against the carnage in Gaza ; when Jewish women staged a sit-in in at the Israel consulate in Toronto ; when Norwegian tram drivers stopped their transport in sympathy ; when municipalities and colleges decide to divest , as did Hampshire college in the USA ( the first that took this step against apartheid South Africa ) , when Durban dockworkers refused to unload a ship with Israeli cargo ; joining with the countless thousands around the world , from Australia to Britain to Belgium to Canada to Cairo , Jordan , Indonesia and the USA , we know the times are changing and Zionist hegemony is fast losing control .
Boycott , divestment and sanctions represents three words that will help bring about the defeat of Zionist Israel and victory for Palestine .
Like South Africa , this can mean , must mean : freedom , peace , security , equality and justice for all -- Muslim , Christian and Jew .
That is well worth struggling for !
[ This speech first appeared at www.MediaMonitors.net.
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with Media Monitors ' permission .
Ronnie Kasrils was a long - time activist against the apartheid system in South Africa .
He was South Africa 's minister for intelligence services from April 2004 to September 2008 .
He was a member of the national executive committee of the African National Congress from 1987 to 2007 , as well as a member of the central committee of the South African Communist Party from December 1986 to 2007 .
Kasrils ' grandparents were Jewish immigrants from Latvia and Lithuania who fled from tsarist pogroms at the end of the 19th century .
His autobiography , Armed and Dangerous , was first published in 1993 . ]
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - If U.S. health reform efforts lead to higher costs for employers , employees may end up bearing the brunt , according to a new survey .
Employers will not absorb higher costs , choosing instead either to reduce benefits , lower salaries or cut jobs , the survey from professional services firm Towers Perrin said on Thursday .
Eighty - seven percent of employers said they were very likely or likely to cut benefits if reform leads to higher costs .
Only 11 percent said they would accept lower profits .
“ They simply do n’t have money and margins today to absorb additional healthcare costs , ” said Dave Osterndorf , chief health actuary at Towers Perrin .
Should reform reduce benefit costs to the companies , 78 percent they were very likely or likely to retain the savings in the business .
The survey of more than 430 human resource executives at medium and large businesses taken in July was designed to gauge opinions on reform as legislative efforts were heating up .
Congress is weighing bills that would overhaul the healthcare system , which is President Barack Obama ’s top legislative priority .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Proposals that might drive up employer costs include those that would force employers to expand their coverage , such as to part - time workers , or those that would allow healthy workers to find coverage elsewhere , leaving employers to pay for sicker , more expensive employees , Osterndorf said .
Although the ultimate outcome of reform efforts remains uncertain , nearly one in four companies in the survey are already rethinking changes in light of possible reforms .
Of all the goals of health reform , cost containment was listed most frequently as an absolutely critical or high priority among the businesses in the survey , which ranged in size from roughly 1,500 to 100,000 workers .
But , Osterndorf said , employers believe that issues such as expanding access to coverage and reforming certain insurance practices have received more attention .
“ Employers are saying , ‘ These are important social issues that are being addressed , but they do n’t necessarily hit on the issues that we ’re facing as employers , ’” Osterndorf said .
Of the healthcare proposals , 53 percent of employers believe research on effectiveness of treatments will help their business by influencing the quality of care .
Employers had varying responses to how they would react to proposals mandating they offer coverage to meet certain minimum standards or pay a penalty -- called “ pay - or - play ” mandates .
Thirty - seven percent of employers would provide company - sponsored coverage that substantially exceeds the standard .
But 29 percent said they would end company - sponsored health coverage and pay the assessment if the per-employee costs to the government were much lower than current costs .
By Bonnie Erbe , Thomas Jefferson Street blog Pardon me .
I 'm still reeling from the gut - punch stupidity of some members of the GOP .
If they can't get away from antiquated , racist and race - based statements , they have no future as a national party .
The latest explosion emanated from the largely unknown Rep. Lynn Jenkins of Kansas while at a town hall meeting in her home district last week .
According to ThinkProgress , Jenkins was trying to offer encouragement to conservative activists by saying there were some " really sharp " young Republicans in the House .
Republicans are struggling right now to find the great white hope , said Jenkins .
" I suggest to any of you who are concerned about that , who are Republican , there are some great young Republican minds in Washington . "
Jenkins proceeded to name three GOP members of Congress who are all white — Rep. Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) , Rep. Kevin McCarthy ( R - CA ) , and Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) .
A Jenkins spokeswoman told the Topeka Capitol - Journal that " the congresswoman wanted to apologize for her word choice and to emphasize she had no intention of expressing herself in an offensive manner . "
" There may be some misunderstanding there when she talked about the great white hope , " said spokeswoman Mary Geiger .
" What she meant by it is they have a bright future .
They 're bright lights within the party . "
Yes , but they all " happen " to be white males .
Not just a poor choice of words , an inexplicably nuclear choice of words .
He admitted it to a group of us , and said he'd be denied sexual activity by the girlfriend if he did n't sit down to use the toilet - instead of managing the toilet seat properly , etc .
This applied even in his own apartment .
They 've since broken up , but it had nothing to do with this .
How common is this ?
Wednesday , August 5 , 2009
An interesting hearing committee report from Louisiana recommends that two lawyers be suspended for six months , all deferred , and that they attend a bar sponsored ethics seminar .
The two lawyers shared office space and had jointly represented a criminal defendant charged with incestuous rape of his minor daughter .
After one of the attorneys had " aggressively " cross examined the victim at a motions hearing , he met with the victim and had her execute three affidavits .
The second lawyer had the victim sign the affidavits and notarized them himself .
One affidavit purported to waive a no - contact order imposed on the defendant , the second asked that the charges be dismissed , and the third imposed a condition of confidentiality concerning the meeting .
Thereafter , the victim became uncooperative with the criminal prosecution .
When subpoened to the trial , she contacted one of the accused lawyers .
He arranged to have a third attorney advise her about her rights regarding testimony .
She then began to cooperate and the defendant pleaded guilty to lesser charges .
The committee concluded :
... by creating the false impression in the mind of [ the victim ] that she was legally barred from ever discussing the meeting on penalty of an injunction and other " liquidated damages " and thereby causing a previously cooperative witness to become fearful and unwilling to cooperate with the prosecution , as she had previously done , [ the accused attorneys ] have violated Rule 3.4 ( a ) and ( f ) , Rule 4.1 , Rule 4.3 and Rule 8.4 ( a ) , ( c ) and ( d ) .
A greater sanction was not proposed because there was a lack of proof that the meeting violated a court order and " it can not be said that the meeting itself was illegal or improper per se . "
( Mike Frisch )
https://lawprofessors.typepad.com/legal_profession/2009/08/false-impression.html
Massachusetts Criminal Defense Attorney
In over 40 years of practicing law , Attorney Robert D. Lewin has handled more than 5,000 criminal defense cases .
If you are facing any criminal matter , you want knowledgeable , experienced representation that can only come from someone with this level of experience .
At Lewin & Lewin , Attorneys at Law , we represent clients throughout the Boston metropolitan area who are under investigation , have been arrested or have been charged with crimes ranging from sex crimes to homicide .
To schedule a free consultation with Massachusetts criminal defense attorney Robert Lewin , please contact us online or call us in Massachusetts at 978-258-3520 .
For your convenience , evening , weekend , off - site and jail visits are available .
Robert D. Lewin , has been practicing law in Massachusetts since 1971 .
A former Assistant District Attorney for Middlesex County , since 1975 attorney Lewin 's practice has been dedicated solely to handling criminal defense .
Criminal convictions in Massachusetts carry stiff penalties , which may include lengthy prison sentences , large fines , GPS monitoring and - in cases of sexual abuse - sex offender registration .
With so much at stake , solid , zealous legal representation is the only true option for those who want to protect their rights .
Because these penalties are so severe , those accused of any crime should seek representation from an attorney whose entire practice is devoted to criminal defense .
Our firm defends clients against all felony and misdemeanor criminal charges , including :
Our services in criminal cases and related matters are comprehensive from start to finish .
They include :
Police investigations
Grand jury investigations
Pre-arrest representation
Clerk magistrate hearings
Clearing Warrants
Arraignments and bail hearings
Pre-trial conferences and negotiations
Pre-trial hearings
Motions to dismiss charges
Motions to suppress evidence
Probable cause hearings
Trials by judge
Trials by jury
Probation Violations
Sentence revision hearings
Petitions to seal records
Criminal forfeiture hearings
Sex Offender Registry hearings
Registry of motor vehicle hearings
All other criminal proceedings
If you are charged with a crime , the charge may be classified as a felony or a misdemeanor .
Felonies and misdemeanors are defined in the General Laws of Massachusetts at chapter 274 , section 1 .
Crimes that can be punished by death or imprisonment in state prison are felonies , while any other crime is a misdemeanor .
In Massachusetts , the death penalty has been abolished for state criminal charges .
All criminal charges need to be established beyond a reasonable doubt , which is not a standard to take lightly .
You should not feel that the situation is hopeless and should take every opportunity to assert your rights .
Massachusetts criminal defense lawyer Robert Lewin has a remarkable record of success in obtaining dismissals and not - guilty findings in domestic assault and battery cases .
Domestic violence charges should be taken seriously .
Assault involves a threat of violence , while battery involves any offensive touching .
These are distinct charges , but when assault and battery occur within a family relationship , they constitute domestic violence .
The punishment that you may face for domestic assault and battery will depend on the facts of the case and the existence of aggravating factors , if any .
If you are convicted of domestic assault and battery , you may face up to two and a half years of imprisonment .
We may be able to defeat a charge by showing that the accuser ’s testimony is not credible or that you were acting in self - defense , among other strategies .
Our firm has gotten hit and run charges dismissed in the vast majority of the cases that we have handled in this area of criminal law .
As a result , we have protected many clients from losing their license .
Under Massachusetts General Laws chapter 90 , section 24 , you can be charged with a misdemeanor for failing to stop after a collision to exchange information with the other driver or contact the police .
The prosecutor will need to show that you knew of a collision or property damage , yet you did not stop .
If the damage is merely a scratch on the other car , for example , the prosecution may have a hard time showing that you knew about the collision .
If the force was so great that it resulted in catastrophic injuries or death , on the other hand , a reasonable jury may infer that you knew that there had been a collision .
The penalties for a conviction may include two years in jail , a maximum of one year of license loss , and a $ 200 fine .
At Lewin & Lewin , we have an outstanding record of not guilty verdicts in DUI cases .
If you are charged with DUI , even if it is your first offense , you should promptly hire a criminal defense attorney in Massachusetts to help you avoid the potentially harsh penalties .
You might think that there is no way to defend a DUI charge if you have failed a blood or breath test , but often it is possible to challenge the test results .
There also are other procedural or constitutional defenses that may be available .
We can look into issues such as whether there was a reasonable suspicion to pull you over , whether the policeman ’s account of what happened is credible , and whether the testing equipment was working .
Theft crimes can include shoplifting , embezzling , credit card theft , larceny , grand larceny , car theft , burglary , check forgery , mail fraud , and wire fraud .
Each of these crimes is identified and penalized separately .
For example , under Massachusetts General Laws chapter 266 , section 37C , the fraudulent use of credit cards is prohibited .
For another example , buying or receiving stolen goods is criminalized under section 60 .
Larceny , however , can involve any situation in which the property of another party is stolen .
It can include illegally converting someone else ’s property while intending to steal or embezzle it , or hiding someone else ’s property while intending to convert and steal it .
Massachusetts criminal defense attorney Robert Lewin handles both felony and misdemeanor drug charges , including possession , distribution , trafficking , manufacturing , conspiracy , and school zone violations .
There are often very serious penalties for a drug crime conviction , and these penalties may vary depending on whether the drug at issue is cocaine , heroin , Oxycontin , meth , ecstasy , or another controlled substance .
If you are convicted , you may face harsh penalties and mandatory minimum prison sentences .
The circumstances surrounding an arrest for a drug crime and the seizure of the drugs may provide a basis for a strong defense .
For example , we would look at whether the drugs were seized pursuant to a valid warrant .
Juvenile crimes are those in which an offender is under age 18 .
Juveniles can face the same kinds of penalties that adults face , even though the penalties are given different names .
Juveniles who are found delinquent can be fined , put on probation , or have their sentence suspended .
If a juvenile is committed , he or she is sent to a secure facility within the Department of Youth Services .
When a serious felony involving a threat of serious harm is at issue , a juvenile may be prosecuted as a youthful offender , which means that the court proceedings will be public and that the juvenile can be sentenced as if they were an adult .
In Massachusetts , there are two types of arrest warrants : default warrants and straight warrants .
If there is a warrant outstanding against you , the consequences can be significant .
Your license may be revoked , and government benefits may be stopped .
Generally , if you are arrested on a default warrant , you may need to wait in jail until you are brought to court before a judge .
As a criminal defense lawyer serving people in Massachusetts and beyond , Mr. Lewin regularly receives calls from people with outstanding warrants .
He arranges to bring them before the judge before they get arrested , and he gets them released .
We also represent people from other states with open warrants in Suffolk , Middlesex , and Essex Counties .
When we get a warrant cleared , driving privileges and rights to government benefits will be restored .
Sex crimes include rape , statutory rape , child abuse , child molestation , indecent assault and battery , indecent exposure , and open and gross lewdness .
People convicted of a sex crime can face consequences that change their lives forever .
A sex crime conviction can result in mandatory sex offender registration , a long prison sentence , and GPS monitoring .
If you are being investigated for or charged with a sex crime , you should consult an experienced criminal defense attorney .
At our firm , we also defend people accused of Internet sex crimes , such as possession of child pornography , distribution of child pornography , Internet solicitation of a minor , and dissemination of obscene matter .
Contact our Andover / North Andover , Massachusetts law office to schedule a time to meet with Massachusetts criminal defense attorney Robert Lewin .
Initial consultations are always provided free of charge and we are readily available for evening , weekend , off - site and jail visits .
Lewin & Lewin is * AV Preeminent Rated , which means fellow attorneys hold the firm 's legal ability and general ethical standards in high regard .
The land speed record
The first vehicles that today we might describe as cars were steam powered and used primarily for transporting large heavy loads back in the 18th century .
Ever since , engineers have been pushing boundaries to try and get them to go faster .
The first official land speed record was set in 1898 by a French chap called Gaston Chasseloup - Lausat .
He reached the mind - boggling speed of ...
The first ever land speed record was set by Gaston Chasseloup - Lausat .
...39 mph !
We 've come a long way over the last century ; steam driven vehicles have been replaced by electric vehicles , electric vehicles have been replaced by piston engine vehicles , and now jet and rocket powered vehicles are the dominant force in the world of super - speedy cars .
Over the last few decades , there has been a ding dong battle for the record between the Brits and the Americans , but Britain has now held the record for over 25 years .
Britain currently holds the only supersonic land speed record with Thrust SSC driven by Andy Green , 763 m ph !
( You can read an interview with Green in this issue of Plus . )
And now we want to push things even further .
The Bloodhound project , spearheaded by ex-land speed record holder Richard Noble , aims to take a car up to the dizzy heights of 1,000 mph , about 1.3 times the speed of sound !
At these speeds the forces generated by the aerodynamics are huge .
In parts , the car surface will experience pressures up to 12 tons per square metre .
That 's like having a large elephant come and sit on your chest !
So , before we build the car we have to use computational fluid dynamics to try and predict how it will behave .
" But what on earth is computational fluid dynamics ? " I hear you ask !
Do n't worry , we will come on to that .
Computational fluid dynamics
Mathematicians have been forming and solving equations for centuries .
In fact , we have evidence that human beings have been solving equations as far back as 2000 BC , when the Babylonians were the dominant world superpower .
We have come a long way , over the centuries , in our abilities to solve equations .
And that is a good thing , because more often than not it is a brand of equations called differential equations that are at the heart of descriptions of natural processes , including the spread of diseases , the weather , climate change , or lightning strikes .
Differential equations involve the rate of change of variables or derivatives .
They are the most common equation type that describe nature but , unfortunately , they are not the most straightforward to solve .
Newton was developing techniques for solving these tricky equations in the eighteenth century , but the full power of the techniques he developed could not be exploited until the advent of the computer in the last century .
Now , with the most powerful computers in the world , we can solve some of the trickiest equations in the world , including the equations that describe airflow , known as the Navier - Stokes equations .
You can see ( below ) that when they are written out in full they are a bit of nightmare to say the least !
It 's simply not going to be possible to get out a pen and paper and sit down and solve them analytically .
We 're going to need some help , and that 's where we turn to a supercomputer .
( You can read more about the Navier - Stokes equations in the Plus articles listed below . )
The Navier - Stokes equations .
But where do these equations come from ?
Actually , their origins are quite straightforward .
The first equation originates with the principle of conservation of mass , which says that mass can neither be created nor destroyed .
The second , third and fourth equations come from the principle of conservation of momentum in the three spatial directions x , y and z , and hence they look very similar .
The principle states that the rate of change of momentum of a system must be equal to the applied force .
The final equation stems from the principle of conservation of energy , which says that energy can be neither created nor destroyed , only converted from one form into another .
So where do you start when trying to solve a set of equations like this ?
Like all complex problems , we have to break it down into smaller , more manageable chunks .
And the method employed is known as the finite element method .
In essence , we divide the space surrounding the car into a massive assortment of very small elements ( 100,000 million of them ! ) .
We call this a mesh .
Then we tackle the problem element by element , each element making a simplified approximation to the solution across it , and with each element in constant discussions with its neighbours , until we have the complete solution .
From this solution we get the air density , air velocity , air temperature and air pressure at all points surrounding the car .
A mesh for solving the Navier - Stokes equations .
Once we know how the pressure over the vehicle varies as it accelerates up to its top speed , we can use integration to sum up the effects of this pressure over the vehicle and work out the total forces .
The procedure is very similar to the trapezium rule , which estimates the area under a curve by approximating it by trapezia , and then summing their areas .
Pressure contours and streamlines over Bloodhound SSC .
Using computational fluid dynamics , we are answering questions such as " How much drag will the car experience ? " , and " Will it stay on the ground at all speeds ? " .
These are the questions that have driven the design process of the car and ultimately given the car its external shape .
Bloodhound SSC at Mach 1.3 , coloured by pressure coefficient showing the position of shock waves .
Another view of Bloodhound SSC at Mach 1.3 , coloured by pressure coefficient showing the position of shock waves .
The design of Bloodhound SSC
By combining the predicted aerodynamic forces with the anticipated weight of the vehicle and the predicted thrust from Bloodhound 's jet and rocket propulsion system , we are able to predict exactly how the car will behave .
And the results are quite spectacular .
It will cover 10 miles in approximately 90 seconds , reaching a peak acceleration of +2.5g , increasing in speed by 60 mph every second , and peak deceleration of - 3.0g .
At its top speed it will cover a mile in 3.5 seconds !
A 1000 mph record run profile indicating velocity and acceleration against time .
None of this would be possible without the use of mathematics .
As things stand , the maths tells us that 1,000 mph is possible ...
But whether or not we , the Bloodhound team , can convert theory into practice is a question that will only be answered after a fascinating adventure .
So watch this space !
You can find out more about the Navier - Stokes equations in the Plus articles
How maths can make you rich and famous , Understanding turbulence , Universal pictures , and Births and deaths in fluid chaos .
About the author
Dr Ben Evans studied Aerospace and Aerothermal Engineering at Jesus College , Cambridge graduating in 2004 .
After graduating , he immediately began a PhD in Computational Fluid Dynamics at Swansea University which was completed in October 2008 .
In his PhD research he focussed on computational solutions to problems in the field of molecular gas dynamics .
Dr Evans began working as a research assistant under the supervision of Professor Oubay Hassan in the summer of 2007 .
His post - doctoral research was on the development of unstructured mesh techniques for high speed flows with particular application to the Bloodhound supersonic car .
10 years ago Bill Geerhart decided to pose as a child and write advice - seeking letters to murderers and celebrities .
Whilst all the responses are fascinating for varying reasons , I ’ve chosen to post the reply given by Richard ‘ NightStalker ’ Ramirez – a Texas born , Satan - worshipping serial - killer convicted of 13 murders – purely as a result of the letterhead .
Transcript
Initial Letter
Billy Geerhart
January .4 , 1999
Dear Richard ,
I am thinking of dropping out of school .
What do you think of this idea ?
My friend Eddie said I should ask you .
Thankyou .
Happy New Year
Billy
P.S. I ’m giving you some paper for your reply
THE PERESHCHEPINA TREASURE
KHAN KUBRAT'S GRAVE
On a summer day 90 years ago ( in 1912 ) shepherd boys from the village of Maloe Pereshchepino , Poltav region in the Ukraine played by the small river of Vorskla .
Unexpectedly one of them was stuck in the sand up to his waist .
When they took him out they understood that he had fallen into a large gold vessel .
The peasants collected other valuable objects with an overall weight of 20 kg of gold and 50 kg of silver .
These were perfectly made eating vessels , many pieces of jewelry and richly ornamented weapons .
Policemen and archeologists arrived from Kiev , collected the finds and took them away .
Later all finds were taken to the largest Russian museum The Hermitage in the then capital of the Russian state .
This discovery raised many questions .
The first one was the dating of the treasure .
This was easy to answer .
The objects had forms characteristic of the 7th c. AD since each historical period had its specific fashion .
The dating was aided by the coins of Byzantine emperors who ruled Byzantium in the middle of this century .
But then a new question arose - to what people do these treasures belong ?
There were objects of Byzantine , Persian and Barbarian origin .
Scholar decided that the treasure has been collected for a long period through presents from foreign rulers , during wars or by buying valuable objects from other people .
It was obvious that the treasure has not been buries accidentally and that it belonged to the grave of an important person , which contained his most valuable and favorable objects .
Such a treasure could belong only to the Bulgarians who at that time inhabited the steppe of the Ukraine .
Therefore this must be some of their rulers and not a representative of the Avars , the Hazars and the Slavs , as was initially thought .
Then came the next question - who as this mighty ruler ?
The resolution of this question was taken up by one of the greatest German archeologists Prof. Joachim
Werve been only the khan of Great Bulgaria .
This state at the time covered a large territory along the rivers Dnepr , Don and Dnestar and must be recognized as the first state unification of the Bulgarians .
As his uncle Organa took a child Kubrat to the capital of Byzantium , Constantinople , where he lived for a couple of years and came to know Byzantine culture and way of life .
There he became friends with the future emperor Iraclius and this lasted till his death .
On returning to his homeland , Kubrat spearheaded the battle of his people against the Avars .
After driving them away , he created about the year 630 the state of Great Bulgaria , which he ruled almost 30 years .
After his death his sons buried him with great ceremony and soon separated as the state fell under the rule of the Hazars .
His third son headed for the Danube where he founded a state , which is a continuation of the traditions of the old Bulgaria .
During the burial by the body of the diseases were laid two valuable gold sets of 12 pieces each .
With them he used to treat his guests and nobles .
These sets consisted of cups of massive gold and wine decanters .
In addition in the grave were laid the most expensive clothes of the ruler and various jewels and ornaments - bracelets , necklaces , buckles and belt applications , and armament .
Among them most impressive is the sword made of gold and precious stones .
It is believed that the khan received this sword and other valuable objects as presents from his friend - the Byzantine Emperor .
Ancient sources inform that the Emperor even pronounced Kubrat to be a honorable patrician ( the highest title in Byzantium after the Emperor ) .
A direct confirmation of it is his massive patrician buckle of gold weighing more than 400 gm .
The Khan wore it on very special occasions together with the patrician sword .
We often ask ourselves the questions — did archeologists give the correct explanation of the treasure ?
Fortunately the finds contain the most solid proofs of that :
Three gold rings , on which are engraved monograms with the name of Kubrat .
In one of them he is even called " a honorable Byzantine patrician . "
Unfortunately the great state of Kubrat disintegrated after his death under the strong pressure of the Hazars .
His five sons separated and took in different directions .
Only Asparuh succeeded in fulfilling the goal of his father on the Balkan Peninsula .
The Pereshchepina Treasure is not an ordinary treasure .
Its historic importance is invaluable as information about the first years of the Bulgarian state .
On a summer day 90 years ago ( in 1912 ) shepherd boys from the village of Maloe Pereshchepino , Poltav region in the Ukraine played by the small river of Vorskla .
Unexpectedly one of them was stuck in the sand up to his waist .
When they took him out they understood that he had fallen into a large gold vessel .
The peasants collected other valuable objects with an overall weight of 20 kg of gold and 50 kg of silver .
These were perfectly made eating vessels , many pieces of jewelry and richly ornamented weapons .
Policemen and archeologists arrived from Kiev , collected the finds and took them away .
Later all finds were taken to the largest Russian museum The Hermitage in the then capital of the Russian state .
This discovery raised many questions .
The first one was the dating of the treasure .
This was easy to answer .
The objects had forms characteristic of the 7th c. AD since each historical period had its specific fashion .
The dating was aided by the coins of Byzantine emperors who ruled Byzantium in the middle of this century .
But then a new question arose - to what people do these treasures belong ?
There were objects of Byzantine , Persian and Barbarian origin .
Scholar decided that the treasure has been collected for a long period through presents from foreign rulers , during wars or by buying valuable objects from other people .
It was obvious that the treasure has not been buries accidentally and that it belonged to the grave of an important person , which contained his most valuable and favorable objects .
Such a treasure could belong only to the Bulgarians who at that time inhabited the steppe of the Ukraine .
Therefore this must be some of their rulers and not a representative of the Avars , the Hazars and the Slavs , as was initially thought .
Then came the next question - who as this mighty ruler ?
The resolution of this question was taken up by one of the greatest German archeologists Prof. Joachim
Werve been only the khan of Great Bulgaria .
This state at the time covered a large territory along the rivers Dnepr , Don and Dnestar and must be recognized as the first state unification of the Bulgarians .
As his uncle Organa took a child Kubrat to the capital of Byzantium , Constantinople , where he lived for a couple of years and came to know Byzantine culture and way of life .
There he became friends with the future emperor Iraclius and this lasted till his death .
On returning to his homeland , Kubrat spearheaded the battle of his people against the Avars .
After driving them away , he created about the year 630 the state of Great Bulgaria , which he ruled almost 30 years .
After his death his sons buried him with great ceremony and soon separated as the state fell under the rule of the Hazars .
His third son headed for the Danube where he founded a state , which is a continuation of the traditions of the old Bulgaria .
During the burial by the body of the diseases were laid two valuable gold sets of 12 pieces each .
With them he used to treat his guests and nobles .
These sets consisted of cups of massive gold and wine decanters .
In addition in the grave were laid the most expensive clothes of the ruler and various jewels and ornaments - bracelets , necklaces , buckles and belt applications , and armament .
Among them most impressive is the sword made of gold and precious stones .
It is believed that the khan received this sword and other valuable objects as presents from his friend - the Byzantine Emperor .
Ancient sources inform that the Emperor even pronounced Kubrat to be a honorable patrician ( the highest title in Byzantium after the Emperor ) .
A direct confirmation of it is his massive patrician buckle of gold weighing more than 400 gm .
The Khan wore it on very special occasions together with the patrician sword .
We often ask ourselves the questions — did archeologists give the correct explanation of the treasure ?
Fortunately the finds contain the most solid proofs of that :
Three gold rings , on which are engraved monograms with the name of Kubrat .
In one of them he is even called " a honorable Byzantine patrician .
"
Unfortunately the great state of Kubrat disintegrated after his death under the strong pressure of the Hazars .
His five sons separated and took in different directions .
Only Asparuh succeeded in fulfilling the goal of his father on the Balkan Peninsula .
The Pereshchepina Treasure is not an ordinary treasure .
Its historic importance is invaluable as information about the first years of the Bulgarian state .
I love entrepreneurship and am very fond of the idea of creating things , being in charge and having the ability to truly chase your dreams .
I have had an entrepreneurial mindset since my early high school years .
Right out of high school while in college I started my very own limousine business ( check it out here www.vancouverluxurylimos.com).
It is just the way I was wired .
For all you aspiring entrepreneurs out there , here are several great tips I can offer that will surely help you experience more success ( I live by them ) .
I guarantee it .
For those who are n’t entrepreneurs yet are still motivated and driven , these concepts are still very applicable to you so if you have n’t already , do n’t skip over this article !
1. Challenge Yourself Everyday .
Simple as that .
Partake in activities that push you whether it be a physical one such as working out or a mental one such as listening to an audiobook .
The more you challenge your body and mind the easier it will be to overcome difficulties and obstacles that take place in your business .
2. Make Sure You ’re Passionate .
If you want to be an entrepreneur or continue to do so please know that it is n’t easy .
If you are going to pour every ounce of your blood , sweat and tears into a business or an idea , make sure it is something you care about with every fiber of your being .
Otherwise it will not be worth your time and there will be a good chance that you will give up .
Read More
Get to know ...
In nature , beauty can be a weapon .
Just ask the plant - controlling Poison Ivy , who uses her beauty to tempt and lure her enemies .
One kiss and it ’s all over .
A Galaxy Collision in Action
Janet Anderson , 256-544-0034
Marshall Space Flight Center , Huntsville , Ala .
Janet.L.Anderson@nasa.gov
Megan Watzke 617-496-7998
Chandra X-ray Center , Cambridge , Mass .
mwatzke@cfa.harvard.edu
This beautiful image gives a new look at Stephan 's Quintet , a compact group of galaxies discovered about 130 years ago and located about 280 million light years from Earth .
The curved , light blue ridge running down the center of the image shows X - ray data from the Chandra X-ray Observatory .
Four of the galaxies in the group are visible in the optical image ( yellow , red , white and blue ) from the Canada - France - Hawaii Telescope .
A labeled version identifies these galaxies ( NGC 7317 , NGC 7318a , NGC 7318 b and NGC 7319 ) as well as a prominent foreground galaxy ( NGC 7320 ) that is not a member of the group .
The galaxy NGC 7318 b is passing through the core of galaxies at almost 2 million miles per hour , and is thought to be causing the ridge of X - ray emission by generating a shock wave that heats the gas .
Additional heating by supernova explosions and stellar winds has also probably taken place in Stephan 's Quintet .
A larger halo of X - ray emission -- not shown here -- detected by ESA 's XMM - Newton could be evidence of shock - heating by previous collisions between galaxies in this group .
Some of the X - ray emission is likely also caused by binary systems containing massive stars that are losing material to neutron stars or black holes .
Stephan 's Quintet provides a rare opportunity to observe a galaxy group in the process of evolving from an X - ray faint system dominated by spiral galaxies to a more developed system dominated by elliptical galaxies and bright X - ray emission .
Being able to witness the dramatic effect of collisions in causing this evolution is important for increasing our understanding of the origins of the hot , X - ray bright halos of gas in groups of galaxies .
Stephan 's Quintet shows an additional sign of complex interactions in the past , notably the long tails visible in the optical image .
These features were probably caused by one or more passages through the galaxy group by NGC 7317 .
Credits : X-ray : NASA / CXC / CfA /E. O'Sullivan Optical : Canada - France - Hawaii - Telescope / Coelum
" Man kann die Jugend nicht mehr von aller Welt trennen " Reinhard Jellen
Interview mit Mina Ahadi über den politischen Dammbruch in Iran
In Iran ist die erste Welle der Proteste gegen die mutmaßlich gefälschte Wahl von Mahmud Ahmadinedschad und die islamistische Theokratie am abebben .
Dennoch sind nach Meinung der Autorin und Menschenrechtsaktivistin Mina Ahadi die Tage der Mullahs gezählt .
Obwohl weder Hussein Mussawi noch Haschemi Rafsandschani einen Umsturz des Systems angestrebt haben , haben sie ihrer Ansicht nach einen Stein ins Rollen gebracht , der die Machtstellung der islamistischen Militärdiktaturen weltweit erschüttern wird .
Mina Ahadi ist Gründungsmitglied und Vorsitzende des Zentralrats der Ex-Muslime , des Internationalen Komitees gegen Steinigung und die Todesstrafe .
Sie kämpfte bis 1979 gegen das Schah - Regime , dann gegen die Islamisten , die sie Anfang der Achtziger Jahre in Abwesenheit zum Tode verurteilten .
Bis 1990 , als ihr die Flucht nach Österreich gelang , lebte sie in Iran im Untergrund .
2007 wurde sie zur " Säkularistin des Jahres " gewählt .
Telepolis sprach mit der Menschenrechtlerin über die Ereignisse in Iran .
Frau Ahadi , wenn
Sie sich die Ereignisse der letzten Wochen in Iran anschauen , könnte sich hier zumindest auf lange Sicht ein revolutionärer Umsturz anbahnen ?
Mina Ahadi : Ich denke schon .
Wir haben Kontakt mit Menschen in Iran und wissen , dass die Leute - Arbeiter , Studenten , Frauen - dort sehr unzufrieden sind .
Wir haben seit 30 Jahren in Iran eine islamische Regierung , die für Morde , Hinrichtungen , Steinigungen verantwortlich ist .
Es gibt Geschlechterapartheid und es existiert eine hohe Arbeitslosigkeit .
Somit ist es kein Wunder , wenn eine große Unzufriedenheit herrscht und dementsprechend sind Millionen Menschen gegen das islamische Regime auf der Straße .
Das ist in der
Tat eine revolutionäre Bewegung gegen den islamischen Iran .
Ist den Machthabern zuzutrauen , Wahlfälschungen in diesem Ausmaß betrieben zu haben ?
Mina Ahadi :
Ich habe auch vor der
Wahl immer wieder darauf hingewiesen , dass es in Iran keine Wahl gibt .
Man kann diesen Vorgang keine Wahl nennen , weil in dem Land kein Recht auf freie Meinungsäußerung existiert .
Oppositionelle Parteien durften nicht zur Wahl antreten und es durften auch keine Frauen gewählt werden .
Die Kandidaten wurden von vornherein vom Wächterrat aussortiert .
Mit dem Resultat , dass man zwischen vier Männern wählen konnte , die alle in den letzten 30 Jahren das Regime unterstützt haben und auch an der Macht beteiligt waren .
Es war also keine Wahl .
Die Menschen haben aber trotzdem die Möglichkeit benützt , um auf der Straße gegen das Regime zu protestieren .
Und freilich sind die Ergebnisse gefälscht .
" Größter Teil der Jugendlichen ist gegen das System "
Wie schätzen Sie die Kräfteverteilung pro und contra Ahmadinedschad in der Bevölkerung , im Klerus und dem Staatsapparat ein ?
Mina Ahadi : Als Ahmadinedschad 2005 die " Wahl " gewonnen hat , ist er gegen Armut und Korruption angetreten .
Seitdem ist aber auch klar , dass Ahmadinedschad ein Mann des Systems ist .
Ich denke , dass nur eine Minderheit für ihn gestimmt hat .
Ahmadinedschad ist letztendlich ein Anhänger des religösen Führers Irans , Ayatollah Ali Chamenei - und die Hauptfiguren momentan sind die Ayatollahs Chamenei und Rafsandschani .
Letzterer ist eine sehr wichtige Person im islamischen Regime und er möchte nicht mehr , dass nur eine Person , nämlich Chamenei , über alles entscheidet , sondern er will einen Rat etablieren .
Und der Staatsapparat ist bereits jetzt zwischen zwei Fronten geteilt : Einige sind pro Rafsandschani , Mussawi und Karrubi und einige pro Chamenei und Ahmadinedschad .
Mussawi war zum Beispiel acht Jahre Premierminister , Rafsandschani und Karrubi besitzen sehr viel Macht .
Dieser Flügel besitzt also auch Einfluss auf den Apparat und Chamenei hat in letzter Zeit zum Beispiel im Militär an Einfluss verloren .
Können Sie ein Einschätzung abgegeben , wie die politischen Sympathien zwischen Alt und Jung , Stadt und Land sowie den Eliten , der Mittelschicht und der Unterschicht verteilt sind ?
Mina Ahadi : Iran ist ein Land mit sehr vielen Jugendlichen und diese haben dort große Probleme : Arbeitslosigkeit , Drogen , auch die Geschlechterapartheid , die Männer und Frauen strikt trennt , spielen eine verhängnisvolle Rolle .
All diese Probleme haben sehr viel mit dem Islam zu tun und deswegen meine ich , dass der größte Teil der Jugendlichen gegen das System ist .
Außerdem leben wir im 21 .
Jahrhundert , in dem die technischen Kontaktmöglichkeiten mit dem Ausland ganz einfach gegeben sind .
Man kann die Jugend nicht mehr von aller Welt trennen .
Der Staatsapparat möchte zum Beispiel ja nicht , dass die Bilder von Demonstrationen nach außen dringen , aber die Leute haben heute Mobiltelefone , mit denen man von einer Sekunde auf die andere Bilder ins Ausland senden kann .
Freilich gibt es in großen Städten mehr politische Aktivitäten .
Die Demonstrationen haben in Teheran angefangen , aber mittlerweile beteiligt sich auch die Bevölkerung in kleineren Städten .
Auch nimmt die Mittelschicht in diesen Demonstrationen sehr aktiv teil .
In Iran existiert auch eine sehr große Arbeiterbewegung , die in den letzten Jahren immer wieder Streiks durchgeführt hat .
Der 1 . Mai 2009 wurde in Iran von allen Arbeiterorganisationen demonstrativ gefeiert .
Viele Arbeiterführer waren im Gefängnis und sind in letzter Zeit freigelassen worden .
Ich habe gestern ein Kommuniqué von Arbeitern gelesen , die mehr Lohn und freie Meinungsäußerung fordern und dazu zu Streiks aufrufen .
Die Arbeiterbewegung ist also auch sehr aktiv .
Alle warten jetzt darauf , dass die Arbeiter nach vorne kommen und glauben , dass die Tage des Regimes gezählt sind , wenn die Streiks anfangen .
Sind die Ursachen für die Massendemonstrationen politischer oder sozialer Natur ?
Mina Ahadi : Man kann die beiden Aspekte nicht trennen .
Nachdem vor 30 Jahren der Schah gestürzt wurde hat das Regime alle Revolutionäre umgebracht .
Ich gehöre einer Generation an , die gegen den Schah gekämpft hat , aber wir wussten von Anfang an , dass die Islamisten sich mit aller Gewalt gegen die Menschen durchsetzen wollten und die Barbarei bringen würden : Kopftuchzwang , Todesstrafe und Man kann die beiden Aspekte nicht trennen .
Nachdem vor 30 Jahren der Schah gestürzt wurde hat das Regime alle Revolutionäre umgebracht .
Ich gehöre einer Generation an , die gegen den Schah gekämpft hat , aber wir wussten von Anfang an , dass die Islamisten sich mit aller Gewalt gegen die Menschen durchsetzen wollten und die Barbarei bringen würden : Kopftuchzwang , Todesstrafe und Steinigung .
Nun befindet sich das Regime politisch , wirtschaftlich , und man kann schon sagen : gesellschaftlich , in einer Sackgasse .
Ayatollah Chamenei entscheidet über alles - Jugendliche , die Kontakt mit dem Ausland haben , können so etwas nicht mehr akzeptieren .
Kann es sein , dass sich hier dennoch nur der Prozess einer rein wirtschaftlichen ( Neo - ) Liberalisierung wie bei der " orangenen Revolution " in der Ukraine anbahnt ?
Mina Ahadi : Mussawi und seine Anhänger haben in der Opposition mit der Hoffnung angefangen , im System selbst etwas ändern zu können .
Sie hatten also in der
Tat so etwas wie eine " orangene Revolution " im Sinn .
Jetzt sind aber Millionen von Menschen auf die Straße gegangen und haben " Nieder mit der Diktatur ! " gerufen .
Deswegen hat Chamenei in seiner Rede geäußert , dass die Straße die Dinge nicht entscheiden dürfe .
Die Straße hat aber bereits entschieden , es wurde etwas angestoßen , was gar nicht gewollt war und seit zwei Wochen glaube ich , dass das nicht mehr aufzuhalten sein wird .
Gibt es eine Chance zur Säkularisierung der iranischen Theokratie von innen heraus ?
Mina Ahadi : Man kann das islamische Regime nicht von innen heraus reformieren .
Es gab zwar immer wieder Versuche in diese Richtung von Anhängern des Regimes - davor gab es aber immer Druck von unten .
Die meisten Islamisten sind aber gegen die Reformen .
Man muss also auf die Straße gehen , wenn man in Iran etwas verändern will .
" Arabische Regierungen haben Angst "
Wie wird es ihrer Einschätzung nach in Iran weitergehen ?
Ist eine friedliche Ablösung des religiösen Regimes möglich ?
Mina Ahadi : Nein .
Das Regime ist bewaffnet und es wird diese Waffen auch benützen .
Man muss aber auch in Rechnung stellen , dass das Regime gespalten ist : Chamenei kämpft um seine eigene Macht , aber Rafsandschani , Mussawi und andere kämpfen um das eigene Leben .
Beide sind nach wie vor Islamisten , beide betonen dies und sind auch im Regime lange an der Macht gesessen .
Rafsandschani ist für ein hohes Maß an Korruption verantwortlich und es geht auch jetzt um Geld , um Milliarden .
Rafsandschani ist eine sehr berühmte Person in Iran und seine Familie hat sehr viel Macht und sehr viel Geld .
Es geht aber bei Mussawi und Rafsandschani um mehr als um Geld und Macht - nämlich um Sein oder Nichtsein .
Beide werden also bis zum Ende kämpfen .
Ahmadinedschad hat bereits Leute aus ihren Reihen , zum Beispiel den Sprecher von Mussawi , festnehmen lassen und es geht das Gerücht um , dass radikale Islamisten das Leben Mussawis bedrohen .
Die Islamisten werden also nicht einfach gehen .
Auf der anderen Seite finden im Ausland zahlreiche Solidaritätskundgebungen statt , und wenn sich zum Beispiel Europa auf eine vernünftige Politik mit dem Regime einigen würde , könnte man hoffen , dass der Wechsel mit wenig Blut vonstatten geht .
Welche Auswirkungen haben ihrer Einschätzung nach Erfolg oder Nichterfolg der Unruhen auf die islamische Welt ?
Mina Ahadi : Diese Bewegung hat sehr viel Einfluss auf die islamische Welt .
Die arabischen Regierungen haben Angst , dass sich der Prozess in ihren Ländern weiter fortpflanzt und sie die Kontrolle verlieren .
Z.B. versuchen die Hisbollah im Libanon und die Hamas in den palästinensischen Autonomiegebieten , die von Iran massiv unterstützt werden , die Proteste herunterzuspielen , weil auch sie fürchten , dass die Leute auf die Straße gehen .
( Reinhard Jellen )
Thanks to our reader Delilah , who sent us the idea .
It was a rough night for CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Thursday night 's " Jeopardy ! "
The " Situation Room " anchor came in last — and even in the red before Final Jeopardy — and lost to Dana Delany and Andy Richter .
The Saab ’s flagship Sedan is definitely coming over with the next dramatic release .
There are pictures of them with the expected reveal at the Frankfurt motor show .
The next generation model looks attractive with the upright windshield and the all - wheel drive .
It is sleek and impressive with a range of engine selections .
Its headlight casings are great .
The 9 - 5 is a successor to the 9000 .
This model has been critically acclaimed by many for being the re-made version of the Saab .
The hopes grow towards making this a profitable sales marketing as well as new spreading out into the market .
GM is now aiming to sell Saab to new investors with the supercar maker Koenigsegg .
The transition to the new model is supposedly going to be a great change .
There are some fantastic tweakings in the designs going on that should be appealing to the customers .
The wider range of customized Saabs are sure to bring a great deal of appeal for people .
Source : autoweek
Seller homisydal ( do n't provoke him ! ) is selling this 1989 Zelda themed plastic plate for $ 15,000 on eBay .
$ 15,000 , WOW .
That sounds kind of unreasonable , does n't it ?
Hell no , that 's why I bought it .
I feel like I robbed the poor bastard !
$ 15,000 1989 collector 's item legend of zelda ... plate .
as in the one you put food on .
[ technabob ]
Alliance BioEnergy Plus , Inc .
PALM BEACH GARDENS , FL , Sept. 30 , 2020 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- Alliance BioEnergy Plus , Inc. ( PINK : ALLM ) .
The board of directors of Alliance BioEnergy Plus Inc. ( the “ Company ” ) has taken action to ...
A place for blogging on anything that damn well interests me !
Growing numbers of “ palm oil orphans ” in rehab centers present a challenge to conservationists .
NOTE : A shorter version of this article was published on Yale e360 in June .
A baby orangutan ambles across the grass at the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation ’s Nyaru Menteng rehabilitation center in Central Kalimantan , in the heart of Indonesian Borneo .
The ape pauses , picks up a stick and makes his way over to a plastic log , lined with small holes .
Breaking the stick in two , he pokes one end into a hole in an effort to extract honey that has been deposited by a conservation worker .
His expression shows the tool ’s use has been fruitful .
But he is not alone .
To his right another orangutan has turned half a coconut shell into a helmet , two others wrestle on the lawn , and another youngster scales a papaya tree .
There are dozens of orangutans , all of which are about the same age .
Just outside the compound , dozens of younger orangutans are getting climbing lessons from the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation ( BOS ) staff , while still younger orangutans are being fed milk from bottles in a nearby nursery .
Still more orangutans — teenagers and adults — can be found on “ Orangutan Island ” beyond the center ’s main grounds .
Meanwhile several recently wild orangutans sit in cages .
This is a waiting game .
BOS hopes to eventually release all of these orangutans back into their natural habitat — the majestic rainforests and swampy peatlands of Central Kalimantan , on the island of Borneo .
But for many , this is a fate that may never be realized .
Kalimantan , 2009
The goal of the BOS project is reintroduction , but many of these apes may be destined for a life in captivity .
The reason ?
Suitable habitat in Borneo and Sumatra , the two islands that are home to the world ’s entire population of wild orangutans , is increasingly scarce .
Economic returns from converting verdant rainforests into furniture , paper , woodchips , and oil palm plantations have rapidly diminished the availability of sites for reintroduction , while dramatically boosting the number of orangutans in need of rescue .
So the orangutans must wait .
But they are the lucky ones .
For every orangutan housed in the center , half a dozen or more may have fallen victim to deforestation or the pet trade , or met their end at the blade of a machete or the blunt end of a iron bar — estimates range from 1,500 - 5,000 per year .
Perhaps worse , some reintroduced orangutans have managed to win taste of freedom only to see their new home destroyed by loggers and oil palm developers .
– – – – –
Orangutan rehabilitation centers originally emerged as a response to the pet trade .
Until very recently in much of the world ( and even today in parts of Asia and the Middle East ) , there has been demand for orangutans as circus performers , entertainers for TV shows , occupants of zoos , and surrogate children for childless families .
Before much was known about orangutan ecology , the first rehabilitation center was set up in the1960s by conservationist Barbara Harrison , who feared the species might be on the verge of extinction in the wild due to overcollection for the pet trade .
Thus centers — including Ketambe and Bohorok in Sumatra ’s Gunung Leuser National Park ; Sepilok in Sabah , Malaysia ; Camp Leakey in Central Kalimantan ’s Tanjung Putting National Park ; Semenggok in Sarawak , Malaysia ; and Wanariset in East Kalimantan , among others — emerged as a way to care for confiscated orangutans in the hope of eventually reintroducing them to the wild .
But caring for orangutans is difficult and costly .
While baby orangutans score high for their cuteness factor , an adult orangutan , especially a full - grown male , is orders of magnitude stronger than a human and has substantial dietary requirements .
Sumatra , 2009
Sumatra , 2009 .
But while the flow of orangutans from the pet trade was relatively manageable , the rise of palm oil has changed the situation , greatly increasing the number of orangutans in need of care .
Michelle Desilets , former director of BOS - UK and now executive director of the Orangutan Land Trust , says she started to see the shift about five years ago .
“ Originally the great majority of our rescues were confiscations of privately ( illegally ) owned orangutans .
Often these were held by senior police officers , the military or government officials , making it a challenge to successfully confiscate them , ” she said .
“ About five years ago , our rescue teams began to be informed of wandering wild orangutans in human settlements , and despite immediate response , the teams often found the orangutans to be dead on arrival , due to human / wildlife conflict .
Why , suddenly , were there so many cases of wild orangutans being injured or killed by humans ?
It had to do with the conversion of their forest habitat for the cultivation of oil palm . ”
Desilets says the wild orangutans , left in ever smaller fragments of forest , face starvation as their food sources are depleted , forcing them to venture into newly established plantations where they feed on the young shoots of palms , thereby destroying the trees before they produce any oil seeds .
“ As a result , they are considered an agricultural pest .
Plantation managers often offer a bounty on the head of these orangutans , and the $ 10 - $ 20 reward is a strong incentive for a migrant worker . ”
Desilets says that since workers usually do not carry guns , orangutans are brutally killed using whatever tools are at hand .
“ Our teams have found orangutans beaten to death with wooden planks and iron bars , butchered by machetes , beaten unconscious and buried alive , and doused with petrol and set alight , ” she said .
“ Since 2004 more and more orangutans in our centers have been rescued from areas within or near oil palm plantations , and over 90 percent of the infants up to three years of age come from these areas . ”
– – – –
Kalimantan , 2006 .
Indonesia and Malaysia are the world ’s largest producers of palm oil , accounting for more than 85 percent of global production in 2008 .
Palm oil demand has risen sharply over the past two decades due to its wide use in foods , beauty products , and even as a feedstock for biodiesel .
Accordingly , the area of land under cultivation in Malaysia and Indonesia has expanded rapidly , growing from less than 150,000 hectares in 1984 to more than 12 million hectares by the end of 2008 .
Much of this expansion has occurred at the expense of native forest , including prime orangutan habitat .
For example , the area of habitat in Kalimantan shrank 39 percent , from 141,500 sq km in 1992 to 85,835 in 2002 , while the extent of primary forest cover has decreased by more than 90 percent since 1975 .
Unlike logged - over forest , which has the capacity to support at least some orangutans — albeit in lower densities than found in intact forest — timber and oil palm plantations are not viable habitats for orangutans .
If they ca n’t move to other areas — due to isolation or conflict with other orangutans — they will perish without human intervention .
But orangutan rehabilitation centers are ill equipped to handle this tide of “ palm oil orphans . ” .
It can cost more than $ 2,000 per year to feed and care for an orangutan , which if it is an infant , may be reared for eight to tens years , perhaps longer .
Further , there simply is n’t enough room in care facilities .
A stark case can be seen in the training forest at Nyaru Menteng .
Here young orangutans are taken for daily supervised “ exploration ” to enable them to gain experience in their native habitat .
But use by 200 or so orangutans has taken a toll on the forest .
Bark and leaves have been stripped from trees , leaving the ecosystem heavily degraded .
( It seems that like humans , too many orangutans can tax a forest . )
Kalimantan , 2006
It ’s a similar case on the islands that house adult orangutans awaiting their release into the wild .
Approaching on a powered dugout , it is clear these forests have been heavily impacted .
But with so many orangutans and a finite area for them to live , there is little choice .
The orangutans become accustomed to living in high densities never seen in the wild , behavior that carries implications for reintroduction .
Reintroduction can only occur after rehabilitation , except in the case of translocation — the transfer of wild orangutans from one location to another .
But translocation can be stalled when orangutans need to be treated for illness or injury , forcing wild orangutans temporarily into the system .
And there are many other issues that can complicate reintroduction .
First and foremost is whether the habitat is secure .
With vast swathes of forest being logged and converted for plantations , finding safe forest is increasingly difficult , and there have been several recent instances where reintroduction sites have been cleared after reintroduction , with tragic consequences .
Earlier this year Globalindo Agung Lestari cleared a section of forest near Mawas , a reserve in Central Kalimantan , where some 80 wild orangutans had been released .
Hardi Baktiantoro of the Center for Orangutan Protection ( COP ) , an activist group that investigates clearing of orangutan habitat in Kalimantan , says all the reintroduced orangutans likely perished .
However since the area was granted as a concession by the government , there was nothing illegal about the clearing .
In Sungai Wain , a protected forest near Balikpapan in East Kalimantan , fires and logging by a coal mining company wiped out another reintroduction site last year .
Finally , last month the Frankfurt Zoological Society warned that a plan by Asia Pulp & Paper ( APP ) and Sinar Mas Group to log hundreds of hectares of unprotected rainforest near Bukit Tigapuluh National Park on Sumatra could doom a portion of an introduction site for the critically endangered Sumatran orangutan .
Kalimantan , 2006
Kalimantan , 2009
“ It took scientists decades to discover how to successfully reintroduce critically endangered orangutans from captivity into the wild .
It could take APP just months to destroy an important part of their new habitat , ” said Peter Pratje of the Frankfurt Zoological Society .
“ These lowland forests are excellent habitat for orangutans , which is why we got government permission to release them here beginning in 2002 .
The apes are thriving now , breeding and establishing new family groups . ”
Some conservationists worry that developers may see reintroduction programs as an alternative to preserving orangutans in their natural habitat , thereby eliminating the need to mitigate their environmental transgressions .
“ I see 90 percent of the role of rehabilitation as animal welfare , ” Erik Meijaard , an ecologist working with The Nature Conservancy on orangutan conservation in Kalimantan , said .
“ The rehab programs attract a lot of international attention and with that political pressure ( it ’s the most visible sign of failing conservation management by the Indonesian authorities ) .
But in the past these programs have done nothing to address the root causes of orangutan decline .
In fact , the opposite might happen when displaced orangutans are taking care off by the rehab centers , thereby giving the impression that the centers will help the plantations to solve a problem .
I know the latter is not the case , but I am not sure whether the plantations see it that way . ”
Kalimantan , 2009
Dave Dellatore , a primatologist with the Sumatran Orangutan Society / Orangutan Information Center ( SOS - OIC ) , says conservation must address orangutans already in the rehabilitation system , while simultaneously slowing the number entering it and putting more back into nature .
“ Rehabilitation and reintroduction were never intended to be a stand - alone solution , but are rather reactions to the greater problem of shrinking habitat and displacement of individuals from the forest therein .
It ’s an example of treating the symptom rather than the cause , ” he said .
But concerns with reintroduction extend beyond land .
Disease is a particular worry .
Captive orangutans are more likely to carry disease and parasites due to their living in high density in captivity .
Further ex-captives are prone to engage in behavior that puts them at risk of transmissions — living in closer proximity when reintroduced to the wild and approaching humans offering food .
For example , mortality rates among orangutans visited by throngs of tourists in Sepilok and Bukit Lawang are over 50 percent .
“ Under natural conditions , orangutans are semi-solitary and rarely congregate in groups .
Ex-captives , due to their altered upbringing , may be more social once returned to the wild , ” Dellatore of SOS - OIC explained .
Kalimantan , 2009
Sumatra , 2008 .
Interaction with humans may alter behavior in other ways as well .
Last year Dellatore reported two disturbing instances of mother orangutans cannibalizing their dead offspring .
It was the first time the behavior had ever been recorded in orangutans .
Dellatore attributed the aberrant conduct to stressful conditions caused by large numbers of tourists in Bukit Lawang , a site within Gunung Leuser National Park in Sumatra .
Genetic considerations , too , come into play in the reintroduction process .
Due to genetic variation between populations — there are three sub-species of Bornean orangutan and the Sumatran form is an independent species — orangutans cannot be haphazardly reintroduced to the wild without knowledge of the individual ’s origin .
There are also legal issues .
Indonesian law — though routinely ignored — forbids the reintroduction of rehabilitated orangutans to sites where there is a wild population .
Part of this stems from disease concerns , but another factor is conflict with resident wild populations .
Finally and most importantly , reintroduction to areas where people are present does n’t bode well for orangutans if the needs of locals are not met .
“ For reintroduction it is equally important to create a safe political environment as it is a physical environment .
If a program is implemented from above with no care or attention given to the local community surrounding it , the project is likely doomed to fail , ” Dellatore said .
Unlike many Westerners , most rural people in Borneo and Sumatra do n’t see orangutans as peers worthy of protection .
They view orangutans as pests that compete for food by ransacking crops and destroying livelihoods .
Thus efforts to protect orangutans can foster the perception that conservationists care more about orangutans than people .
Addressing this “ conservation versus human well - being ” mentality is key to any solution .
SOS - OIC , COP , and BOS run outreach programs that aim to reduce conflict between communities , plantation workers , and orangutans by demonstrating how to reduce crop losses due to orangutans and highlighting the importance of ecosystem services provided by habitats that also support orangutans .
But talk only goes so far — it is difficult for people to grasp the value of these services until they are gone and they have to pay cash for water and forest products that were once free .
Thus one hopeful area is emerging payments for ecosystem services schemes , which can make people partners rather than enemies of conservation .
“ Many of us speak about balancing social , environmental , and economic values , but really we are in most cases talking about economics , economics , economics , ” said The Nature Conservancy ’s Meijaard .
“ If that ’s the case the demise of orangutans and other species is mostly due to the fact that no one is willing or able to pay the opportunity costs of development . ”
“ Very few people care or have the luxury to care about their environment , and with the current legal uncertainty about who owns what , the clever thing to do is to milk the system as hard and as fast as you can .
And that ’s what pretty much everyone is doing . ”
Acquiring land for orangutan conservation is expensive , because buyers — especially conservation groups that have to play by the book and ca n’t rely on the opaque arrangements sometimes employed by loggers and oil palm developers — have to pay the market rate for land .
Further , conservation activities are expensive .
While Willie Smitts ’ remarkable “ Restoring a Rainforest ” project , which combined reforestation , conservation , and community development in Samboja Lestari , East Kalimantan is an inspiration ; it took years and mountains of cash to implement .
Thus payments for ecosystem services may offer an alternative model , financing conservation while supporting local people as stewards in sustainable development that makes human occupation more compatible with orangutans and the environment .
Two studies , published recently in the journal Conservation Letters , bolster this idea by showing that robust forest carbon offsets generated under a proposed climate mitigation mechanism known as REDD ( Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation ) could be competitive with other forms of land use , including oil palm .
“ We found that areas where emissions reductions are cheapest are also higher than average in endangered mammals , demonstrating that REDD has the potential to deliver win-wins for carbon and biodiversity objectives , ” said Oscar Venter , a Ph.D. student at the University of Queensland and lead author of one of the studies .
Michelle Desillets agrees .
The thrust of her Orangutan Land Trust will be to use these approaches to finance land acquisition and sustainable development activities among local communities .
“ OLT and BOS have worked very hard to support sustainable production of palm oil in order to minimize the impacts on the environment .
We have worked with the industry to try to improve procedures and to set aside conservation areas .
This will have some effect , but many palm oil and timber companies do not concern themselves with the environment , and the only way that we can protect the forested areas that these players have their eyes on is to make these forests worth more standing than cut down or converted to oil palm . ”
“ We are looking at any number of models that bring in funds for the protection of the area .
This includes carbon payments , bio - banking , perhaps sustainable forest management , and other ecosystem service payments such as water , ” she said .
“ We are very hopeful that REDD will be adopted in Copenhagen , and that the details of this will work out in a way that benefits both biodiversity and communities . ”
But given the vastness of Kalimantan and Sumatra , it ’s going to take more than land acquisition to slow the influx of orphaned orangutans into rehabilitation centers .
Improved governance will be critical in improving the plight of orangutans and the well - being of local communities , rooting out corruption , and implementing conservation schemes like REDD .
The USAID - backed Orangutan Conservation Services Project program is working to do just this , focusing initially on improving law enforcement , identifying gaps in environmental regulations , and increasing coordination between groups .
The program has projects across Kalimantan and Sumatra .
Kalimantan , 2009
“ Wehea forest in East Kalimantan is a great example of communities , local government , and local private sector supporting forest protection , ” Meijaard said .
“ It ’s a very rare example of conservation that works in Indonesia .
Strong community leadership , strong support from local government and communities , very good management , and relatively low threats all add to the area having been completely secure for the last four years now . ”
Finally , despite the challenges it ’s important not to give up on rehabilitation efforts .
The captive population does serve important functions .
While orangutans are n’t in immediate danger of extinction with 54,000 in Borneo and 6,500 in Sumatra , it is a bulkhead against catastrophic fire ( look no further than the el Nino fires of 1982 - 1983 and 1997 - 1998 ) or outbreak of disease .
Rehabilitation programs also generate public awareness in conservation issues , which translates to political pressure to create protected areas and enforce environmental laws .
And finally there is the issue of welfare .
Conservationists cannot abandon the 2,000 or more orangutans currently in the rehabilitation system .
After all , baby orangutans currently in captivity should be able to enjoy a future where they can dig with tools in forest logs rather than in plastic pipes at a survival center .
Related articles
Borneo ablaze : forest fires threaten world ’s largest remaining population of orangutans
( 08/16/2009 ) Raging fires have broken out in the peat - swamp forests of Central Kalimantan , Indonesian Borneo , threatening the largest population of orangutans in the world .
The fires were started by people but have spread uncontrollably due to the extreme drought that Borneo is currently experiencing as a result of El Niño conditions .
Turning wasteland into rainforest
( 07/31/2009 )
The highly touted reforestation project launched by orangutan conservationist Willie Smits in Indonesian Borneo is detailed in this week ’s issue of Science .
Borneo orangutan release in jeopardy over fate of coal mining concession
( 07/29/2009 )
A plan to release orangutans in a 250,000 - hectare ( 618,000 - acre ) tract of forest in the Heart of Borneo has been disrupted by uncertainty around BHP Billiton ’s decision to pull out of a coal mining project in Kalimantan , the Indonesian part of Borneo , reports the Independent and conservation groups familiar with the situation .
BHP Billiton had provided funds to help establish the forest reserve in Central Kalimantan and offered conservationists mapping support and use of helicopters to deposit orangutans into otherwise inaccessible areas .
The two - year program would have reintroduced scores of orangutans but the first scheduled airlift of 48 orangutans for July 20 was canceled after BHP warned it could no longer guarantee the safety of reintroduced orangutans .
Multinational corporation continues destruction of orangutan habitat in Indonesia
( 07/09/2009 )
A coalition of environmental groups stepped up efforts to stop Astra Agro Lestari ( AAL ) , an Indonesian palm oil company , from continuing to clear orangutan habitat in Aceh province , Indonesia .
Malaysian palm oil chief claims oil palm plantations help orangutans
( 06/18/2009 ) Dr. Yusof Basiron , CEO of the Malaysian Palm Oil Council , the government - backed marketing arm of the Malaysian palm oil industry , claims on his blog that endangered orangutans benefit from living in proximity to oil palm plantations .
Environmentalists scoff at the notion , maintaining that oil palm expansion is one of the greatest threats to orangutans .
REDD can compete financially with palm oil in Indonesia peatlands while protecting endangered species
( 06/04/2009 )
A new paper by Oscar Venter , a PhD student at the University of Queensland , and colleagues finds that forest conservation via REDD — a proposed mechanism for compensating developing countries for Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation — could be economically competitive with oil palm production , a dominant driver of deforestation in Indonesia .
The study , based on overlaying maps of proposed oil palm development with maps showing carbon - density and wildlife distribution in Kalimantan ( Indonesian Borneo ) , estimates that REDD is financially competitive , and potentially able to fund forest conservation , with oil palm at carbon prices of $ 10 - $ 33 per ton of carbon dioxide equivalent ( tCO2e ) .
In areas with low agricultural suitability and high forest carbon , notably peatlands , Venter and colleagues find that a carbon price of $ 2 per tCO2e would be sufficient to beat out returns from oil palm .
Orangutan guerrillas fight palm oil in Borneo
( 06/01/2009 ) Despite worldwide attention and concern , prime orangutan habitat across Sumatra and Borneo continues to be destroyed by loggers and palm oil developers , resulting in the death of up to 3,000 orangutans per year ( of a population less than 50,000 ) .
Conservation groups like Borneo Orangutan Survival report rescuing record numbers of infant orangutans from oil palm plantations , which are now a far bigger source of orphaned orangutans than the illicit pet trade .
The volume of orangutans entering care centers is such that these facilities are running out of room for rescued apes , with translocated individuals sometimes waiting several months until suitable forest is found for reintroduction .
Even then they are n’t safe ; in recent months loggers have started clearing two important reintroduction sites ( forests near Bukit Tigapuluh National Park in Sumatra and Mawas in Central Kalimantan ) .
Meanwhile across half a dozen rehabilitation centers in Malaysia and Indonesia , more than 1,000 baby orangutans — their mothers killed by oil palm plantation workers or in the process of forest clearing — are being trained by humans for hopeful reintroduction into the wild , assuming secure habitat can be found .
Dismayed by the rising orangutan toll , a grassroots organization in Central Kalimantan is fighting back .
Led by Hardi Baktiantoro , the Center for Orangutan Protection ( COP ) has mounted a guerrilla - style campaign against companies that are destroying orangutan habitat in Kalimantan , the Indonesian part of Borneo .
APP , Sinar Mas plan to log habitat of critically endangered orangutans
( 05/20/2009 ) Asia Pulp & Paper and Sinar Mas Group have acquired a license to clear hundreds of hectares of unprotected rainforest near Bukit Tigapuluh National Park on the Indonesian island of Sumatra , report environmental groups who say the activity threatens a population of critically endangered orangutans that have been re-introduced into the wild .
The companies intend to log the concession for timber and plant it for industrial timber and oil palm plantations .
Large population of rare black orangutans found in Borneo
( 04/13/2009 ) A large population of orangutans has been documented by conservationists conducting a survey in a remote part of Indonesia Borneo .
Orangutans persist in islands amid a sea of oil palm plantations
( 07/17/2008 ) Orangutan are surviving in forest islands in a sea of oil palm plantations in Malaysia , reports a new survey by a government - backed conservation initiative .
The finding underscores the need to protect critical forest areas for the endangered primates as forest continues to fall in southeast Asia at a rate that is the highest of any of the world ’s tropical forest regions .
Orangutan populations drop due to logging , expansion for palm oil
( 07/03/2008 ) Orangutan populations have fallen sharply on the two islands where they still live , reports a new study published in the journal Oryx .
Orangutan should become symbol of palm - oil opposition
( 01/02/2008 )
In a letter published today in Nature , Oscar Venter , Erik Meijaard and Kerrie Wilson argue that proposals for conservation groups to purchase and run oil palm plantations for the purpose of generating funds for forest protection are unlikely to be successful .
The concept was originally put forth by Lian Pin Koh and David S. Wilcove in a 2007 Nature article .
98 % of orangutan habitat gone in next 15 years
( 06/11/2007 ) Indonesia is losing more than 2.1 million hectares ( 5.2 million acres ) of forest a year to illegal loggers , states a new report from the U.N. Environment Program ( UNEP ) .
The report , which estimates the value of illicit timbering at $ 4 billion annually , warns that 98 percent of Indonesia ’s lowland forests will be gone by 2022 , putting species like the orangutan at risk of extinction in the wild .
The report , Last stand of the Orang - utan : State of Emergency , was released Monday at the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species meeting in The Hague .
Orangutan population plunges 43 % in Indonesia
( 08/14/2006 ) The Wildlife conservation Society - Indonesia Program said that Indonesia ’s population of orangutans fell nearly 43 percent in the past decade , from 35,000 in 1997 to 20,000 today .
The decline has been caused by ongoing forest destruction and poaching in Kalimantan ( Borneo ) and Sumatra , the only two islands that still support wild orangutans .
Environmental groups have warned that red ape could be extinct in the wild without urgent conservation measures .
Saving Orangutans in Borneo
( 05/24/2006 )
A look at conservation efforts in Kalimantan , on the island of Borneo .
I ’m in Tanjung Puting National Park in southern Kalimantan on the island of Borneo .
At 400,000 hectares ( 988,000 acres ) Tanjung Puting is the largest protected expanse of coastal tropical heath and peat swamp forest in southeast Asia .
It ’s also one of the biggest remaining habitats for the critically endangered orangutan , the population of which has been great diminished in recent years due to habitat destruction and poaching .
And orangutans have become the focus of a much wider effort to save Borneo ’s natural environment .
We are headed to Campy Leakey , named for the renowned Kenyan paleontologist Louis Leakey .
Here lies the center of the Orangutan Research conservation Project .
Established by Birute Mary Galdikas , a preeminent primatologist and founder of the Orangutan Foundation International ( OFI ) , the project seeks to support the conservation and understanding of the orangutan and its rain forest habitat while rehabilitating ex-captive individuals .
The Orangutan Research conservation Project is the public face of orangutan conservation in this part of Kalimantan , the Indonesia - controlled part of Borneo .
Borneo , the third largest island in the world , was once home to some of the world ’s most majestic , and forbidding forests .
With swampy coastal areas fringed by mangrove forests and a mountainous interior , much of the terrain was virtually impassable and unexplored .
Headhunters ruled the remote parts of the island until a century ago .
Why is palm oil replacing tropical rainforests ?
( 04/25/2006 )
In a word , economics , though deeper analysis of a proposal in Indonesia suggests that oil palm development might be a cover for something more lucrative : logging .
Recently much has been made about the conversion of Asia ’s biodiverse rainforests for oil - palm cultivation .
Environmental organizations have warned that by eating foods that use palm oil as an ingredient , Western consumers are directly fueling the destruction of orangutan habitat and sensitive ecosystems .
So , why is it that oil - palm plantations now cover millions of hectares across Malaysia , Indonesia , and Thailand ?
Why has oil palm become the world ’s number one fruit crop , trouncing its nearest competitor , the humble banana ?
The answer lies in the crop ’s unparalleled productivity .
Simply put , oil palm is the most productive oil seed in the world .
A single hectare of oil palm may yield 5,000 kilograms of crude oil , or nearly 6,000 liters of crude .
Study finds deforestation has pushed orangutans to brink of extinction
( 01/24/2006 )
A three year genetic study by wildlife geneticists from Cardiff School of Biosciences has shown a population collapse in the Bornean orang - utan .
Palin already a bestseller
Sarah Palin 's manuscript , reportedly , is just in -- but her book is already ranked third on Amazon 's bestseller list .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
To build a standard desktop computer from scratch , you must have the following parts :
1 ) ATX computer case or chassis
2 ) Mainboard or motherboard
3 ) Memory or RAM
4 ) CPU or processor
5 ) Hard drive
6 ) Video Card ( if not already integrated into the motherboard )
7 ) Sound Card
8 ) CD - Rom or DVD - Rom drive ( or CD - R or DVD - R if you wish to make your own CD or DVD discs )
9 ) PSU ( Power Supply Unit )
10 ) Network / Ethernet Card ( NIC ) ( optional and may already be integrated on the motherboard ) .
10 ) Miscellaneous parts ( ex : fans , cables , heatsink )
11 ) An Operating System on CD or DVD such as WindowsXP , Windows Vista , Linux , etc. ,
You should already have a mouse , keyboard , monitor , speakers , printer , and any other peripherals you will want to connect to your computer once the build it complete .
Start off by selecting a processor by reading online reviews for Intel or AMD processors on sites such as amazon.com or cnet.com .
Your choice may be influenced by your budget or you might make your decision based on the CPU that offers the most bang for your buck .
Once you have chosen a CPU , the next step is to choose a motherboard whose CPU socket type matches the CPU you have selected .
Again , you may choose to read some online reviews .
Higher end motherboards oftentimes feature performance options such as faster chipsets , extra slots for future RAM upgrades , and / or faster slots for video cards .
Once you have chosen your motherboard you can then download its manual online and make note of the port types it features for the hard drive ( ex : SATA , SATAII , eSATA ) , sound card ( ex : PCI , ISA ) , RAM ( ex : DDR , DDR2 ) , CD or DVD drive ( ex : IDE ) , network card ( ex : PCI ) , and video card ( ex : AGP 2X , AGP 8X , PCI express ) .
You can then research these items and make purchases that meet your budget and / or performance requirements .
Next , choose an ATX computer case that works for you .
Also , make sure that you have the proper fans ( if the case does not already include them ) .
If the fans are not included make sure you purchase the right size fans as specified by the computer case manufacturer .
Next purchase the cables for your CD / DVD drive and hard drive as specified by the motherboard or the drives themselves ( ex : SATA , IDE ) .
Next , purchase your power supply unit after reviewing the power and connection requirements of the motherboard found in the manual that you downloaded .
One of the most overlooked parts of an otherwise stable and well performing machine is the PSU and on that note , I would recommend you not pinch pennies in this category .
Finally , purchase a CPU fan ( also known as a heatsink ) according to your CPUs socket type to help keep your CPU cool and a tube of thermal grease ( the grease eases the transfer of heat from the CPU to the heatsink ) .
Once the parts arrive , you should avoid building the computer on any surface that can transfer an electrostatic charge to your parts ( read : no rugs ) .
I like to lay out sections of cardboard as a workspace .
Now the next steps may be slightly out of order since different parts come in different sizes and may need to be installed in an alternate order to fit properly , but it will suffice as a general outline .
I cannot stress the importance of taking your time and double checking each step as you work .
Doing so will prevent the need to hunt for a problem once everything is in place :
Using your motherboard 's installation manual as a reference guide perform the following :
1 ) Install the motherboard inside the ATX case .
2 ) Install the PSU into the space provided in the case and attach the required power cables to the motherboard .
3 ) Install the CPU and its heatsink ( refer to the instructions provided with the heatsink ) .
Ensure the thermal grease is in place before installing the heatsink onto the CPU .
4 ) Install the memory chips .
5 ) Install the video card ( if applicable ) .
6 ) Install the sound card .
7 ) Install the network card ( if applicable ) .
8 ) Install the case fans ( if applicable ) .
9 ) Install the hard drive into the proper bay .
10 ) Install the CD ( or DVD ) drive into the proper bay .
11 ) Connect the audio cable from the CD or DVD to the proper jack on the motherboard ( if applicable ) .
12 ) Connect the hard drive data cable from the drive to the proper slot on the motherboard .
13 ) Connect the CD ( or DVD ) data cable from your optical drive to the proper slot on the motherboard .
14 ) Connect the power plugs from the PSU to the fans , hard drive , and optical drive .
If you do not have enough power plugs you can buy a Y splitter at a computer hardware store to give you extra plugs .
15 ) Connect your power button , power LED , Reset switch , and any other miscellaneous cables that came with the case to the motherboard .
Finally , connect your monitor , keyboard , mouse , and speakers to the proper connections at the back of the case .
Plug your ethernet cable into the ethernet jack ( or phone cable if you need to connect through a modem to your modem 's phone jack ) .
DSL and broadband cable will use network cables from the modem to your PC 's ethernet port .
Double check all connections , making sure all your cards are firmly seated into the motherboard , all power and data cables are properly connected , your RAM is completed seated and clipped .
Finally , plug your power cable into the PSU from your electrical outlet , cross your fingers , and press the power button .....
If all has gone well the monitor will display the POST screen and will show your devices along with a RAM check .
If you have your Operating System disc loaded in your CD or DVD drive and it does not automatically start the OS setup program , you will need to go into your motherboard 's BIOS and set the CD ( DVD ) drive as the primary boot device .
The reason for this is that most motherboard 's set the hard drive as the primary boot device and since you have no operating system loaded yet , you might be met with a " Boot Disk Error " or " Operating System not found " message .
Oftentimes pressing the DEL ( delete ) key during the POST screen will get you into the BIOS ( check your motherboard 's manual for exact directions ) .
Once the Operating System is loaded , it is time to install the drivers for your hardware ( video card , sound card , network card , etc. , ) using the discs that came with your hardware .
Voila !
You are finished !
If you are still having trouble getting your computer to post , recheck your connections .
Sometimes all it takes is one loose connection or small oversight to botch your entire install .
Check the power switch on the back of PSU ( it should be switched to ON with 110 volts set for US users ) .
It may be a hassle , but sometimes reassembling the PC will solve the problem .
Also , make sure your power button , reset , and LED cables are wired to the motherboard correctly .
Â
Although individual hardware manufacturers can at times offer little support , you might try contacting your motherboard 's manufacturer .
Little Bo Peep bride marries in stunning dress made of wool from her own flock of sheep
And the bride wore white - long , curly white strands of wool .
Louise Fairburn , who is an award - winning sheep breeder , decided to get married in a fleece from her own flock .
She designed the gown and took wool from her favourite rare Lincoln Longwool , Olivia .
Bo Peep bride : Shepherdess Louise Fairburn married in a wedding dress made of wool from one of her own flock .
New husband Ian wore a woollen waistcoat made from the same sheep
And she extended the theme to the rest of her big day , putting her groom Ian , 42 , in a waistcoat made from wool .
Mrs Fairburn even carried a Bo Peep - style crook and the ring bearer 's cushion was made from a fleece .
Guests were given chocolate sheep - shaped favours and even dined on lamb dishes by celebrity chef Rachel Green .
Blending in :
The design of Mrs Fairburn 's incredible woollen wedding gown was inspired by the unique ' dreadlocks ' of her flock of rare breed Lincoln Longwools
But it was the dress that was the highlight of the wedding in Market Rasen , Lincolnshire , near their farm in Risby .
' It always occurred to me what a waste it was to turn this beautiful long wool into carpets , ' the 38 - year - old bride said .
' But I saw an advert with dresses made out of carpets and it twigged that I could have a dress made of wool .
' I suppose I am sheep - crackers , but the idea just came to me and I designed the dress myself with a little bit of help . '
Lamb from the couple 's flock was served at the reception by celebrity chef Rachel Green , and the beloved sheep were even pictured in the wedding album
The dress , which cost £ 1,500 , took a spinner and dressmaker 67 hours to make .
But it was worth it , as her husband said he was ' blown away ' when she walked down the aisle .
' I took one look at her , my lip curled like a young sheep 's does and I started blubbering , ' he said .
Mrs Fairburn added : ' I wanted this dress to look like any other wedding dress and for people not to realise it was wool until they got close and that 's what we achieved .
' I just wanted to prove that you could do something fantastic out of the yarn and ended up with something that was beyond my wildest dream .
' I want to prove to people that wool is not just something for knitting bobble hats from , and that our native breeds can have just as big a presence today as in the past . '
It was love at first sight for the couple , who met when Mrs Fairburn was looking for someone to install a farm track at her home .
After searching in the Yellow Pages , she came across Mr Fairburn 's firm .
He said : ' I opened the Land Rover door when I arrived and said that 's the girl I 'm going to marry . '
Now the couple are successful sheep breeders , and won top honours at last year 's Lincolnshire show .
RARE BREED WOOL
The Radiohead frontman says his band have no intention to release another album and will instead focus on download - only singles and EPs
Radiohead have no plans to release another album , Thom Yorke has revealed .
Long - playing records , it seems , have " just become a real drag " .
Yorke 's comments emerge just days after his band released a download - only single , in tribute to first world war veteran Harry Patch .
This model of instantly available singles and quick EPs is the way that Radiohead now wish to proceed , Yorke told the Believer magazine .
" None of us want to go into that creative hoo - ha of a long - play record again , " he said .
" Not straight off ...
It worked with In Rainbows because we had a real fixed idea about where we were going .
But we 've all said that we can't possibly dive into that again .
It 'll kill us . "
The problem is n't the format – " obviously , there 's still something great about the album , " Yorke said – but with the scale and consistency of vision that is required .
" In Rainbows was a particular aesthetic and I can't bear the idea of doing that again .
Not that it 's not good , I just can't ... bear ... that . "
Yorke is already considering recording an EP of orchestral works .
" [ Radiohead member ] Jonny [ Greenwood ] and I have talked about sitting down and writing songs for orchestra ... and then doing a live take of it and that 's it – finished . "
Previously , Radiohead 's album - lead focus made Yorke reluctant to undertake projects like this .
" You think , ' Do you want to do a whole record like that ?
Or do you just want to get stuck into it for a bit and see how it feels ? ' "
The switch to short - form releases will be a change for Radiohead , who have long been one of the most steadfast advocates of the album format .
Previously , the band 's downloads were only available as complete albums .
This approach initially made them spurn the industry - leading iTunes Music Store service , which insists on selling albums as individual tracks .
Yesterday , the reported on a porn problem at the National Science Foundation .
Complete with the all - caps “ EXCLUSIVE , ” the article gained some notice in the wingnuttosphere :
The problems at the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) were so pervasive they swamped the agency ’s inspector general and forced the internal watchdog to cut back on its primary mission of investigating grant fraud and recovering misspent tax dollars .
Employee misconduct investigations , often involving workers accessing pornography from their government computers , grew sixfold last year inside the taxpayer - funded foundation that doles out billions of dollars of scientific research grants , according to budget documents and other records obtained by The Washington Times .
government
government
government is the problem
[ Investigators ] uncovered evidence that an employee who was still in his probationary period had used his SEC laptop computer to attempt to access Internet websites classified as containing pornography , resulting in hundreds of access denials .
The OIG investigation also disclosed that this employee successfully bypassed the Commission ’s Internet filter by using a flash drive .
The implication , of course , being thatworkers are all a bunch of porn - watching freaks and theis n’t taking the problem seriously ( because , of course , ) .
Which brings me to the Securities Exchange Commission report from last October
Yes , the Bush - era SEC was so busy looking at internet porn ( and running their private businesses from their government offices ) that they had no time to prevent an economic meltdown .
There were also two NASA employees facing prison time for downloading child pornography to their computers in 2007 .
What ’s new about this ?
Pornography is an endemic part of the internet ; that does n’t go away even when you do n’t work for the government .
Indeed , private corporations have dealt with this problem for years .
It affects every sector of the economy : in July 2007 , Consumerist.com caught Geek Squad copying porn from clients ’ computers .
The explosion of mobile platforms has multiplied the problems .
One study in the UK found that seven out of ten firms have a major problem with employee porn consumption at work .
Yet how many private companies publish the results of their efforts to bust employees for looking at porn on company time and bandwidth ?
Better yet , how many take calls about it from the Washington Times ?
Tim Kuik , managing director of Dutch anti-piracy gang BREIN , has publicly admitted that he 's currently using a Sony VAIO laptop previously confiscated from a ' hacker ' .
Although he does n't elaborate on how he obtained the machine , it is hard not to conclude that it has been misappropriated .
BREIN has made a name for itself this year by going after Mininova and The Pirate Bay , the two largest torrent sites on the Internet .
They refer to users of these sites as thieves , but BREIN ’s boss might not be much better himself .
In a recent interview Tim Kuik told the readers of a Dutch magazine that he is the proud owner of a Sony VAIO laptop .
“ It was once confiscated from a hacker , ” Kuik added , noting that he could n’t give out any more info because of the type of people his organization deals with .
This confession of the Dutch anti-piracy boss raises some interesting questions .
Although BREIN often assists the police in raids and investigations , they are nothing more than a private non-profit organization and hold no law enforcement powers .
Even if they did , using a confiscated computer for personal use might break a few laws .
So how did Tim get his laptop ?
Did he steal it ?
We can only guess , but there are plenty of examples where similar anti-piracy outfits gain access to goods that were initially seized by the police .
In the UK cases of TV - Links and FileSoup , the private anti-piracy group FACT was placed in charge of the seized property instead of the police .
Similarly , in the United States the RIAA often plays the role of law enforcer instead of sticking to their lobbyist position .
They even employ ‘ investigators ’ who work on cases together with the police .
Can we really allow these biased groups to influence the work of real law enforcers ?
These developments are worrisome to say the least .
The line between law enforcement and the anti-piracy lobby is getting more and more blurred .
The police are raiding houses of people based on misleading information from anti-piracy outfits , and as a reward they seemingly gain control over confiscated goods .
Back to the confiscated Sony VAIO .
Tim Kuik has effectively stolen the machine if he indeed got ‘ his ’ laptop from a raid BREIN was involved with .
And by stealing we do n’t mean that he made a copy like most pirates do .
So who ’s going to tip off the police now ?
Update : Tim Kuik told TorrentFreak in a response that he acquired the laptop legitimately .
The laptop was given to him by one of the parties involved in the case who received it as compensation .
We have the verdict , but it does n’t mention the laptop .
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below : )
' A man is not a whole and complete man , " wrote Walt Whitman , " unless he owns a house and the ground it stands on . "
America 's lesser bards sang of " my old Kentucky Home " and " Home Sweet Home , " leading no less than that great critic Herbert Hoover to declaim that their ballads " were not written about tenements or apartments … they never sing about a pile of rent receipts . "
To own a home is to be American .
To rent is to be something less .
Every generation has offered its own version of the claim that owner - occupied homes are the nation 's saving grace .
During the Cold War , home ownership was moral armor , protecting America from dangerous outside influences .
" No man who owns his own house and lot can be a Communist , " proclaimed builder William Levitt .
With no more reds hiding under the beds , Bill Clinton launched National Homeownership Day in 1995 , offering a new rationale about personal responsibility .
" You want to reinforce family values in America , encourage two - parent households , get people to stay home ? " he said .
George W. Bush similarly pledged his commitment to " an ownership society in this country , where more Americans than ever will be able to open up their door where they live and say , ' welcome to my house , welcome to my piece of property . ' "
Surveys show that Americans buy into our gauzy platitudes about the character - building qualities of home ownership — at least those who still own them .
A February Pew survey reported that nine out of 10 homeowners viewed their homes as a " comfort " in their lives .
But for millions of Americans at risk of foreclosure , the home has become something else altogether : the source of panic and despair .
Those emotions were on full display last week , when an estimated 53,000 people packed the Save the Dream fair at Atlanta 's World Congress Center .
Its planners , with the support of the Department of Housing and Urban Development , brought together struggling homeowners , housing counselors , and lenders , including industry giants Bank of America and Citigroup , to renegotiate at - risk mortgages .
Georgia 's housing market has been devastated by the current economic crisis — 6,605 homes in the Peachtree state went into foreclosure in May and June alone .
Atlanta represents the current housing crisis in microcosm .
Since the second quarter of 2006 , housing values across the United States have fallen by one third .
Over a million homes were lost to foreclosure nationwide in 2008 , as homeowners struggled to meet payments .
The number of foreclosures reached an all - time record last month — when owners of one in every 355 houses in the country received default or auction notices or were seized by creditors .
The collapse in confidence in securitized , high - risk mortgages has also devastated some of the nation 's largest banks and lenders .
The home financing giant Fannie Mae alone held an estimated $ 230 billion in toxic assets .
Even if there are signs of hope on the horizon ( home prices ticked upward by 0.5 % in May and new housing starts rose in June ) , analysts like Yale 's Robert Shiller expect that housing prices will remain level for the next five years .
Many economists , like the Wharton School 's Joseph Gyourko , are beginning to make the case that public policies should encourage renting , or at least put it on a level playing field with home ownership .
A June 2009 survey commissioned by the National Foundation for Credit Counseling , found a deep - seated pessimism about home ownership , suggesting that even if renting does n't yet have cachet , it 's the only choice left for those who have been burned by the housing market .
One third of respondents do n't believe that they will ever be able to own a home .
And 42 % of those who once purchased a home , but do n't own one now , believe that they 'll never own one again .
And it was written by a certain senator named Max Baucus .
The plan included a national health care exchange , a public option , new consumer protections , universal coverage , an individual mandate , a Medicare buy - in at 55 , and subsidies up to 400 % of the poverty line , among other progressive measures .
Good golly .
Can you imagine ?
Benen hypothesizes that Senator Kennedy 's illness gave Baucus an opening to move closer to the center and abandon his own plan .
It is one of the enduring questions of religion and science , and lately of American politics :
When does a fertilized egg become a person ?
Abortion foes , tired of a profusion of laws that limit but do not abolish abortion , are trying to answer the question in a way that they hope could put an end to legalized abortion .
Across the country , they have revived efforts to amend state constitutions to declare that personhood -- and all rights accorded human beings -- begins at conception .
From Florida to California , abortion foes are gathering signatures , pressing state legislators and raising money to put personhood measures on ballots next year .
In Louisiana , a class at a Catholic high school is lobbying state legislators as part of a civics exercise .
Advertisement
“ We have big and small efforts going on in 30 states right now , ” said Keith Mason , co-founder of Colorado - based Personhood USA .
“ Our goal is to activate the population . ”
Critics deride the effort as the “ egg- as - person ” movement and say it threatens in vitro fertilization ; some kinds of birth control , including IUDs and pills ; and stem cell research .
They say that Americans will reject it as a government intrusion into their privacy .
“ It ’s a backdoor abortion ban , ” said Ted Miller , spokesman for NARAL Pro-Choice America , which has worked with Planned Parenthood and other abortion rights groups to defeat such measures .
Since the mid-1970s , polls have found that about three - quarters of Americans support legalized abortion in at least some circumstances .
Advertisement
But this year , for the first time since the Gallup Poll started asking people in 1995 whether they identified themselves as “ pro-life ” or “ pro-choice , ” a slight majority of Americans ( 51 % ) picked “ pro-life . ”
Proponents of personhood measures root their hopes in the Supreme Court ’s 1973 Roe vs.
Wade decision , in which Justice Harry Blackmun wrote for the majority that a fetus is not legally a person .
Establishing personhood would topple the rationale for legal abortion , their thinking goes , though many people on both sides of the abortion debate consider this logic farfetched .
Defeats of personhood measures around the country -- notably in Colorado , which in 2008 became the first state to put a measure before voters -- have not daunted proponents , a loose confederation of evangelical Christian and Catholic antiabortion groups .
Advertisement
Mason said he had been inspired by other struggles -- against slavery , for women ’s suffrage , for gay rights .
“ I do n’t agree with the homosexual agenda , but I say , look at the tenacity of what they have done to fight for what is right , ” he said .
“ I do n’t believe that just because we will not get enough votes in an election that we should not do this .
I do n’t recall Martin Luther King checking the polls to see if he was right on civil rights . ”
Today , Mason will join activists in Sacramento to announce a signature - gathering campaign for an initiative to amend California ’s Constitution and define a person as a human starting at conception .
Advertisement
Two recently minted stars of the antiabortion movement are behind the measure : the Rev. Walter Hoye , who went to jail last year after violating an Oakland law designed to keep protesters away from patients entering abortion clinics , and Lila Rose , a UCLA student who has made undercover videos purporting to show legal violations at Planned Parenthood .
The American Life League , a well - funded conservative Catholic group , is advising Hoye and Rose on the initiative , which would require about 690,000 valid signatures to get on the ballot .
The group is also helping with initiative campaigns in Colorado , Florida , Missouri and Montana .
Earlier this year , the legislatures of Montana and North Dakota rejected personhood measures , but the close votes alarmed supporters of legal abortion .
In Montana , the state Senate passed a bill calling for a constitutional amendment on personhood , but the bill died in a House committee after a tied partisan vote , according to Allyson Hagen , executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Montana .
“ There was a simple majority support for it , which was pretty scary , ” Hagen said .
Advertisement
In North Dakota this year , the state ’s House of Representatives passed a similar measure , but the state Senate rejected it .
“ I realize it ’s been defeated in every state where it ’s been attempted , but I am not discouraged , ” said Hoye , who has founded the California Civil Rights Foundation to push the initiative .
“ Everywhere I go from now on , we are going to be talking about personhood .
Imagine the discussion statewide on whether the child inside the womb is human or not . ”
But opponents of the measure say the language in such bills goes far beyond that discussion .
The proposed California Human Rights Amendment says : “ The term ‘ person ’ applies to all living human beings from the beginning of their biological development -- regardless of the means by which they were procreated , method of reproduction , age , race , sex , gender , physical well - being , function , or condition of physical or mental dependency and / or disability . ”
“ It ’s so extreme it could literally outlaw IUDs and birth control pills , ” said Katherine Spillar , executive vice president of the Feminist Majority Foundation .
In Colorado , where voters last year rejected the measure , 73 % to 27 % , the potential criminalization of birth control methods was a point of debate .
Advertisement
Personhood efforts “ are so extreme that people reject them , ” Spillar said .
“ But we take nothing for granted .
We will fight it with everything we ’ve got . ”
Those pushing for personhood measures say they are not discouraged by a lack of support from mainstream conservative groups that oppose abortion , including the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the National Right to Life Committee .
“ This is an uphill battle , ” Mason said .
The Colorado effort “ was the first time it was put on a ballot .
That inspired the country .
Even though we may not have the votes or the political equity , we have to start somewhere . ”
--
Advertisement
robin.abcarian@latimes.com
Updated at 5:40 p.m .
EUCLID --
The elderly Euclid woman accused of beating a baby deer to death in her garden pleaded not guilty Thursday to two charges of animal abuse .
Dorothy Richardson , 75 , did not speak when she appeared before Euclid Municipal Judge Deborah LeBarron .
She entered the courtroom with a small entourage , and attorney Scott Ramsey entered the plea on her behalf .
Her minutes - long appearance in court drew a crowd of supporters , detractors and media , including members of Richardson 's church and animal - rights activists .
Some of Richardson 's neighbors , who include Councilman Christopher Gruber , told animal control officers that Richardson admitted beating the fawn to death with a shovel on June 15 when it was on her property near the Cleveland Metroparks ' Euclid Creek Reservation .
Neighbors said Richardson then put the dead deer out for trash collection and told them : " And I 'd do it again . "
Richardson has received threatening letters as the case drew media attention , Ramsey said .
" I wish someone would beat you with a shovel , " said one letter provided by Ramsey .
If found guilty , Richardson could face six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine for the city 's animal abuse charge , a first - degree misdemeanor .
Law Director Chris
Frey also added a state charge punishable by a maximum of 90 days in jail and a $ 750 fine to give the judge more sentencing options , given Richardson 's advanced age .
Richardson will next appear in court on Aug. 20 .
She did not comment after the hearing as her attorneys shuffled her out of the courtroom and into a sport utility vehicle parked outside .
Read the statements neighbors gave to police .
Female deer leave their fawns in secluded spots while they forage for food .
The fawns avoid being eaten by predators by remaining still until their mothers return .
Young fawns are still nursing and do not eat flowers and other foliage , Division of Wildlife spokeswoman Jamey Graham said .
Mexican security forces swept into President Felipe Calderon ’s home state of Michoacan on Tuesday and arrested a total of 27 mayors and other government officials , the largest operation to target politicians in Mexico ’s bloody drug war .
The officials , including 10 mayors , are being investigated for alleged ties to drug traffickers and other organized crime syndicates that in effect control large sections of Michoacan , the federal attorney general ’s office said .
Michoacan Gov. Leonel Godoy , in a brief , curt appearance before reporters , confirmed the arrests and said he had not been notified ahead of time .
Those detained include a key advisor to Godoy , a judge and several top regional public security officials , the attorney general ’s office said .
Most were taken to Mexico City for questioning after being rounded up during the morning from their homes , offices and city halls .
Julio Cesar Godoy , the governor ’s brother and a congressional candidate , was questioned Tuesday by the army as part of the operation but was not arrested , the brother told a Michoacan newspaper .
Although Mexican authorities have frequently arrested corrupt security agents in drug - related cases , this is the first time they have gone after such a large number of elected officials .
The sweep was significant because it represents an effort to hit the political cover that the traffickers enjoy , though it may not make much of a dent in the smuggling network , analysts said .
Michoacan is the base for a fast - growing , extremely violent drug - trafficking organization known as La Familia .
The group , which in the last year has expanded its operations into three other Mexican states , is considered especially adept at infiltrating local governments by buying or scaring off mayors or members of city councils and police departments .
“ Everything is so corrupt here , from top to bottom , the [ federal ] government had to show it was doing something , ” Reginaldo Sandoval , president of the state branch of the small Labor Party , said in a telephone interview from Morelia , the capital of Michoacan .
At least 83 of Michoacan ’s 113 municipalities are mixed up at some level with narcos , a Mexican intelligence source told The Times this month .
The source , not authorized to talk to the press , spoke on condition of anonymity .
Dozens of mayors and other local officials have been killed or kidnapped as La Familia , with chilling , disciplined efficiency , has extended its reach .
Calderon chose his native Michoacan to launch an army - led offensive against drug gangs shortly after taking office in December of 2006 .
The drug war - related death toll has since climbed by more than 11,000 people nationwide .
La Familia has been doing battle with the so - called Gulf cartel , which moved into Michoacan a few years ago in what was initially a strategic partnership .
The arrangement ruptured last year , with the two groups struggling over control of land to produce drugs and over transport routes , including Michoacan ’s valued Lazaro Cardenas seaport .
La Familia specializes in marijuana , methamphetamine and cocaine .
In the last year it has set up shop in 20 to 30 cities and towns across the United States , a senior U.S. law enforcement official said Tuesday .
Like many Mexican states where traffickers act with impunity , Michoacan suffers from rampant corruption , residents say .
Several of the detained mayors are from the so - called Tierra Caliente ( Hot Land ) section of southwest Michoacan , a rugged , virtually lawless area dotted with meth labs .
One person under arrest is the mayor of Uruapan , the city where traffickers in 2006 notoriously tossed five human heads onto a dance floor , an early signal of how grisly the drug war would become .
Six of the detained mayors are with the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , which ruled Mexico for more than 70 years ; two each represent Godoy ’s leftist Democratic Revolution Party and Calderon ’s rightist National Action Party .
“ We will be watching to be sure these detentions are processed correctly and . . . [ then ] we can conclude whether this is really an attack on crime or part of a partisan political campaign , ” PRI Sen .
Manlio Fabio Beltrones , who once had to fight off similar accusations , said in Mexico City .
“ I trust it is the former . ”
Mexico votes in July in national elections to choose a new Chamber of Deputies , the 500 - member lower house of Congress , and in six states for governors .
One of Gov. Godoy ’s top aides , Citlalli Fernandez , who is also the former public safety chief for Michoacan , and Mario Bautista , director of the state ’s police academy , were among those arrested .
It was not clear whether more arrests would follow .
“ It is important , but it wo n’t have an impact on the amount of drugs going to the United States , ” said Alberto Islas , a Mexico City security analyst who has advised the Calderon government .
“ At the end of the day , the mayors and politicians are just another instrument in the cartels ’ business . ”
In another development , suspected drug hit men kidnapped and killed a Mexican journalist who covered crime for the Milenio television and newspaper chain .
Eliseo Barron , snatched from his home Monday night by masked gunmen , was the second journalist in Durango state killed this month .
His body was found Tuesday in an irrigation ditch with signs he had been tortured and shot , authorities said .
Durango is part of Mexico ’s Golden Triangle , a region of trafficking where some people believe the country ’s most wanted fugitive , Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman , is hiding .
wilkinson@latimes.com
New Haven , Conn . — Known for their wide variety of vibrant plumage , birds have evolved various chemical and physical mechanisms to produce these beautiful colors over millions of years .
A team of paleontologists and ornithologists led by Yale University has now discovered evidence of vivid iridescent colors in feather fossils more than 40 million years old .
The finding , published online August 26 in Biology Letters , signifies the first evidence of a preserved color - producing nanostructure in a fossilized feather .
Iridescence is the quality of changing color depending on the angle of observation , such as the rainbow of colors seen in an oil slick .
The simplest iridescent feather colors are produced by light scattering off the feather 's surface and a smooth surface of melanin pigment granules within the feather protein .
Examining feather fossils from the Messel Shale in Germany with an electron microscope , scientists have documented this smooth layer of melanin structures , called melanosomes .
" These feathers produced a black background with a metallic greenish , bluish or coppery color at certain angles — much like the colors we see in starlings and grackles today , " said Richard Prum , chair of the Department of Ecology & Evolutionary Biology at Yale and one of the paper 's authors .
Scientists discovered that nanostructures found in this 40 - million - year - old fossil were responsible for producing iridescent colors in the living feather .
( Photo Credit : Jakob Vinther / Yale University )
For more than 25 years , paleontologists have found microscopic tubular structures on fossilized feathers and hair .
These were long interpreted as bacteria that had digested the feathers at the time they were fossilized .
The team had previously discovered that these structures were in fact not bacteria but melanosomes , which then allowed them to document the original color patterns .
Following up on the new finding , they are racing to discover what additional coloration features may be found in fossil feathers .
" The discovery of ultra-structural detail in feather fossils opens up remarkable possibilities for the investigation of other features in soft - bodied fossils , like fur and even internal organs , " said Derek Briggs , Yale 's Frederick William Beinecke Professor of Geology and Geophysics , and an author of the study .
The discovery could pave the way for determining color features of other ancient birds and even dinosaurs , the team said .
" Of course , the ' Holy Grail ' in this program is reconstructing the colors of the feathered dinosaurs , " said Yale graduate student and lead author Jakob Vinther .
" We are working hard to determine if this will be possible . "
Source : Yale University
Click to enlarge .
Private health insurance companies have come under attack lately for making profits , even " record profits , " allegedly because of mergers , lack of competition , and monopoly power .
Health Care for America Now :
Simply put , the private insurance companies have secured monopolies or tight oligopolies and exercised that power to put profits ahead of patients .
There were no actions taken against anticompetitive conduct by health insurers in the last administration , in spite of the fact that cases by state attorneys general have secured massive fines against these insurers .
A lack of antitrust enforcement has enabled insurers to acquire dominant positions in almost every metropolitan market .
Unfortunately , this toxic market structure has a profound effect on the nation ’s ability to achieve the goals of health care reform .
President Obama
:
There have been reports just over the last couple of days of insurance companies making record profits , right now , " Obama said during a prime - time news conference .
At a time when everybody 's getting hammered , they 're making record profits , and premiums are going up .
What 's the constraint on that ?
...
Well , part of the way is to make sure that there 's some competition out there .
MP : As the table above of Profit Margins by Industry shows ( click to enlarge ,
) , the industry "
Health Care Plans
" ranks # 86 by profit margin ( profits / revenue ) at 3.3 % .
Measured by profit margin , there are 85 industries more profitable than Health Care Plans ( includes Cigna , Aetna , WellPoint , HealthSpring , etc. ) .
And is n't one reason for a lack of competition that competition for health insurance across state lines is prohibited , creating in effect 50 state health insurance " cartels ? "
Okay , forget all that nonsense about how coal , or nuclear power , or natural gas will decide the Senate ’s debate over the climate bill .
It really seems to be boiling down to trade .
Today , ten Democratic senators sent President Obama a letter demanding a “ level playing field ” for U.S. manufacturing in any climate plan .
In plain English :
If you want your climate bill , you better include “ carbon tariffs ” to make sure U.S. jobs do n’t scurry off to unregulated China .
The list of senators includes some heavyweights , but all are swing votes for the bill — Debbie Stabenow and Carl Levin of Michigan ; Robert Byrd of West Virginia ; Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania ; Evan Bayh of Indiana ; and Al Franken of Minnesota .
Without the support of these lawmakers , you can stick a fork in the climate bill — it ’s done .
“ Any climate change legislation must prevent the export of jobs and related greenhouse gas emissions to countries that fail to take actions to combat the threat of global warming comparable to those taken by the United States , ” reads the letter .
This whole notion of slapping “ dirty ” imports with a special tariff , in order to make foreign manufactures adhere to the same environmental standards as the U.S. , gained traction ( even with Paul Krugman ) after the House included mandatory carbon tariffs in the Waxman - Markey bill .
Mogadishu 's recent pandemonium has sparked a civilian exodus Islamist fighters in Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu , have advanced to the edge of the presidential palace in some of the fiercest clashes in months .
Pro-government forces have been locked in battle with radical guerrillas and 25,000 civilians have reportedly fled .
Sources say the government 's leadership is crumbling and many of its troops have defected to the rebels .
Our correspondent says Mogadishu has seen plenty of fighting over the years but this appears on a different scale .
Wednesday 's fighting focused near the presidential palace in the Wardigley district and in the north of the city at the Bondere and Karan areas .
West 's worst nightmare
It is estimated more than 120 lives have been lost since a combined force of militant Islamic groups , al - Shabab and Hisbul - Islam , launched an offensive at the weekend .
What we have in Somalia is a government - weak , fragile - but it is a government and we have a moral obligation to help
UN 's Ahmed Ould Abdallah
Somalia 's text message insurgency
Now they have boxed in the government forces and African Union ( AU ) troops supporting them to a narrow pocket of territory inside the capital .
Military and intelligence sources say it is by no means certain the fragile Western - backed interim government can defend itself , according to BBC East Africa correspondent Peter Greste .
If not , Somalia becomes the West 's worst nightmare : A strategically placed country under the control of Islamic militants with links to al - Qaeda .
One assessment reckons the government , which has been fighting radical Islamists for three years , can only count on some 4,000 fighters against 6,000 from al - Shabab .
Foreign radicals
Many of the guerrillas are well - trained foreign radicals with reinforcements expected in the next day or so , says our correspondent .
AU 's MOGADISHU QUAGMIRE AU force in Somalia ( Amisom ) was mandated in January 2007 Supposed to be 8,000 - strong but currently has only 4,300 troops Comprised of soldiers from Uganda and Burundi Sierra Leone has offered battalion , which would take force over 5,000 Restricted by security situation to operations in Mogadishu A moderate Islamist president took office in January but even his introduction of Sharia law to the strongly Muslim country has not appeased the guerrillas .
Meanwhile , the UN special representative for Somalia said the international community must do something .
Ahmed Ould Abdallah told a meeting of the AU in neighbouring Ethiopia : " What we have in Somalia is a government - weak , fragile - but it is a government and we have a moral , political obligation to help it . "
The AU announced a boost for its under - resourced peacekeeping effort in Mogadishu - with the surprise offer of a battalion from Sierra Leone .
Although the mission has been able to keep the port and airport open it has been unable to stop the fighting or provide more than very limited protection to civilians .
The UN meanwhile warned that drought had left nearly half the Somali population malnourished and some 3.2 million people in urgent need of food aid .
The Horn of Africa nation of an estimated nine million has experienced almost constant conflict since the collapse of its central government in January 1991 .
It is estimated that more than 16,000 civilians have been killed by fighting since the start of 2007 and more than one million are internal refugees .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For many users , any game that ends up installed on an iPhone is something of an after - thought :
It sits there , quietly , waiting for a spare moment in the dentist 's waiting room or on the train .
But CTA Digital , a company known for its various game controllers , has a vision of the future that includes people lugging around little plastic steering wheels with an iPhone - sized hole in the middle .
We do n't know how much this " Basic Steering Wheel for iPhone and iPod Touch " will actually bring the " feel of driving a real vehicle " to Ferrari GT , but the guy in the video sure looks like he 's having fun .
Allegedly works with most horizontally configured racing games , and includes adapters for the iPhone , iPhone 3G , iPod Touch , and iPod Touch 2G .
See for yourself after the break .
MCCAIN ON THE TEEVEE ….
When I saw that John McCain was going to be on “ Face the Nation , ” I assumed it was simply to reflect on Ted Kennedy ’s legacy in the Senate .
It was n’t .
Both Sens. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) and Diane Feinstein ( D - Calif ) emphasized on Face the Nation this morning that the Attorney General ’s new probe into the Central Intelligence Agency ’s interrogation techniques is ill - timed and counter - productive .
Speaking first with host Bob Schieffer , McCain agreed with remarks made earlier in the day by former Vice President Dick Cheney , who told Fox News Sunday that the interrogation probe was a “ terrible decision . ”
It ’s a very weak argument , but it nevertheless offers us another chance to ask why John McCain is making yet another Sunday morning show appearance .
For those keeping score at home , this is McCain ’s 12th Sunday morning appearance since President Obama ’s inauguration in January .
That ’s 32 Sundays , for an average of a McCain appearance every 2.6 weeks .
Since the president took office , McCain has been on “ Meet the Press ” twice ( July 12 and March 29 ) , “ Face the Nation ” three times ( August 30 , April 26 , and February 8 ) , CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” twice ( August 2 and February 15 ) , “ Fox News Sunday ” three times ( July 2 , March 8 , and January 25 ) , and “ This Week ” twice ( August 23 and May 10 ) .
Now , this might be easier to understand if McCain played a key role in public policy right now , but he does n’t .
He ’s just another conservative member of a 40 - seat minority .
McCain is n’t playing a role in any important negotiations ; he has n’t unveiled any significant pieces of legislation ; he is n’t being targeted as a swing vote on any major bills ; and he ’s not a member of the GOP leadership .
He ’s just another far - right senator , with precious little to say that could n’t have been predicted in advance .
Oh , and incidentally , he lost the last presidential election by a fairly wide margin .
Nevertheless , McCain has still made 12 appearances in eight months .
Eric Boehlert recently checked and found that John Kerry , in the eight months after Bush ’s second inaugural , made three appearances on the Sunday morning shows .
McCain ’s total , obviously , quadruples that number .
As Boehlert concluded , “ [ A ] fter Kerry lost in November , the press walked away from him .
After McCain lost in November , the press still crowds around him . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Most Americans would pay higher taxes to fund healthcare reforms that provide the best quality of care , but only a minority expects Washington to deliver it , according to a survey released on Wednesday .
A supporter of the health care reform holds a sign outside a health care town hall meeting in Miami , Florida September 3 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
The telephone survey of 3,003 U.S. adults conducted by Thomson Reuters found 63 percent willing to pay for healthcare reform , though most also said they are happy with their own doctors , insurance plans and out - of - pocket costs .
However , only 35 percent of those surveyed said President Barack Obama ’s reform agenda and the debate in Congress will lead to better health service , while 41 percent said they would expect it to lead to lower costs .
“ There ’s skepticism that the government can deliver value , ” said Gary Pickens , chief research officer for Thomson Reuters ’ healthcare and science research business .
Thomson Reuters is the parent company of global news agency Reuters .
“ But underlying this is a fairly strong belief that people are entitled to the best healthcare , ” Pickens added .
“ This is a value statement : that people are entitled not just to good but to the best healthcare .
And people are willing to pay for it . ”
The survey began September 8 , the day before Obama sought to jump - start the congressional debate with a prime - time speech to lawmakers .
Researchers wound up their polling on September 17 .
The findings have a 2 percent margin of error .
The survey period also followed a summer of rancorous debate in Washington and angry exchanges between healthcare reform advocates and adversaries at political town hall meetings across the country .
The survey showed that 76 percent of those polled believe Americans deserve the best healthcare .
But only 43 percent said they actually receive it .
Readiness to pay for effective reform crossed party lines , with 78 percent of Democrats willing to accept higher taxes , as well as 64 percent of independents and 48 percent of Republicans .
Expectations split sharply with party affiliation .
Seventy - two percent of Democrats but only 35 percent of independents and 12 percent of Republicans expected the reforms to drive down costs .
Sixty - six percent of Democrats said reform will bring better healthcare service , versus 29 percent of independents and 8 percent of Republicans .
And 77 percent said they were satisfied with their doctors , 68 percent with their health insurance coverage and 53 percent with out - of - pocket expenses .
CHINA'S current - account surplus is seen by some as the root cause of the financial crisis .
The good news is that after widening year after year it is now shrinking much faster than expected .
In the first half of this year the surplus narrowed to $ 130 billion , one - third lower than a year earlier , and barely half its level in the second half of 2008 .
Not only has China 's merchandise trade surplus narrowed , but investment income from China 's stash of foreign reserves has also dropped .
Arthur Kroeber at Dragonomics , an economic - research firm , predicts that the current - account surplus is likely to drop to 5 % of China 's GDP this year , down from 11 % at its peak in 2007 .
Belatedly , China seems to be doing its bit to rebalance the world economy .
But how accurate are China 's figures ?
In theory China 's trade surplus with America should match the deficit that America reports in its trade with China .
The government in Beijing claims that its surplus with America fell to $ 62 billion in the six months to June .
Yet official statistics from Washington , DC , show that America ran a deficit with China of $ 103 billion during the same period .
There are similar disparities with other trading partners .
China 's reported surplus with the euro area is only half as big as the number published by European statistical offices .
Even more striking is its trade balance with Japan : China says it had a deficit with Japan in the first half of this year , but Japanese data show instead that Japan ran a deficit with China .
China 's economic statistics are notoriously dodgy .
Components of GDP do not add up ; the sum of provincial GDP is always much bigger than the national figure .
It would appear that China 's trade figures are no better .
Moreover , the discrepancy is consistently in one direction : China reports smaller bilateral trade surpluses than those suggested by its trading partners ' data .
If you add up all countries ' trade with China ( using the IMF's Direction of Trade Statistics database ) , then the world ran a trade deficit with China of about $ 650 billion in 2008 , more than twice as large as the $ 295 billion surplus logged by China itself ( see chart , left - hand side ) .
That $ 350 billion difference was nearly four times as big as the gap ten years earlier .
Is China running a large trade deficit with Mars ?
Or , as conspiracy theorists conclude , is Beijing deliberately understating its embarrassingly large surplus ?
In fact there are rather less sinister explanations for much of the discrepancy between China 's numbers and those of its trading partners .
The most important is that a lot of China 's trade is shipped through Hong Kong .
It is often difficult for China 's statistical agency to track the final destination of such exports , so goods which are exported from China to Hong Kong and then re-exported to America , say , are usually recorded by officials on the mainland as exports to Hong Kong .
By contrast , it is easier for customs officials in importing countries to determine the true country of origin , so America correctly records these same goods as imports from China .
Likewise , America 's exports to China which go via Hong Kong may be recorded as exports to Hong Kong , while China will count them as imports from America .
Hong Kong re-exporters also add a mark - up of around 25 % to goods they handle , which drives a further wedge between the value of China 's exports and their import value at their destination .
The result is that official statistics overstate the true size of America 's and others ' deficit with China , while Chinese statistics understate its surplus .
If re-exports from Hong Kong are included in China 's exports to America , the gap between the trade figures reported by China and by America is reduced by about half ( see chart , right - hand side ) .
This still leaves a big shortfall , however , and it does not explain why China 's global trade surplus ( which includes all trade with Hong Kong ) is so much lower than the sum of bilateral trade balances reported by the rest of the world .
Balance cheat ?
Another factor is that countries report exports and imports on a “ customs ” basis .
Imports include the cost of insurance and freight but exports are recorded on a “ free on board ” ( FOB ) basis , which excludes such charges .
An importer will always show the value of goods to be 5 - 6 % more when they arrive than when they left the exporting country .
If all shipping costs were excluded from the sums , China 's surplus would be bigger but its trading partners ' deficits would be smaller .
Indeed , China 's government does report its trade surplus with imports on an FOB basis as part of its half - yearly balance - of - payments accounts .
In 2008 it was $ 360 billion , $ 65 billion larger than on a customs basis .
A study in 2007 by America 's Treasury adjusted China 's trade with over 100 countries to include re-exports through Hong Kong and exclude shipping and insurance as well as the mark - up charged by Hong Kong re-exporters .
This increased China 's trade surplus in 2005 by $ 75 billion and reduced the sum of deficits reported by the rest of the world by $ 140 billion , so the discrepancy between the two figures fell from over $ 300 billion to $ 90 billion .
Much of the remaining gap probably reflects disguised capital flows rather than a deliberate ploy by Beijing to understate its trade surplus .
In order to dodge capital controls and move money out of China , firms declare exports at less than their true value , or imports at more .
Firms also use such wheezes to transfer profits to affiliated firms in low - tax areas , such as Hong Kong .
The money then comes back to China as foreign direct investment to take advantage of more favourable tax treatment .
Such disguised outflows are unlikely to be increasing , however .
If anything , given that China is bouncing back faster than the rest of the world , exporters have more of an incentive to over - invoice exports as a way of bringing foreign money into the country .
This suggests that the country 's trade surplus is declining as rapidly as it claims .
China 's trade surplus — and hence its current - account surplus — is almost certainly bigger than that reported by Beijing , even if it is much smaller than the combined deficits reported by America and other trading partners .
But for the rest of the global economy , the crucial thing is not the precise size of China 's surplus , but the fact that it is finally shrinking .
Puzzlemasters – if you ’ve already figured out how to solve Rubik ’s cube in under 9 seconds flat , you ’re probably in need of a new challenge .
Well here something that should keep you busy for at least 30 seconds .
These insane Rubik ’s cube derivations combine the power of multiple cubes to provide a really dastardly puzzle challenge .
Shown above is the mother of all puzzles , a conjoined sextuplet of cubes to keep you on your toes .
But if you ’re more of a puzzle amateur like me , I think the triple should provide ample challenge .
After you finish that , you can graduate on to the quadruplet version .
And then the quintuplet .
It ’s all a bit like Mr. and Mrs. Rubik took too many fertility drugs .
If you ’re ready to have your mind bent , you can find all four versions of these conjoined Rubik ’s cubes over at DealExtreme .
[ via Gear Diary ]
While most iPhone users are aware of unofficial unlock methods , you may be surprised to discover that it ’s possible to legally unlock your device , courtesy of Apple .
The above image is the not - often - seen official unlock notification , as displayed in iTunes .
The dialogue succinctly confirms that the user ’s iPhone , in this case a 3G , has been unlocked and can now be used on any carrier .
Note the Apple logo at the top left — this is a result of an official unlock sanctioned by Apple .
Read on to find out how I legally unlocked my iPhone 3G .
In June , while over 1 million early adopters in the U.S. picked up their brand new iPhone 3GS devices , I was anxiously waiting for the official launch in my current country of residence , Finland .
I picked up my iPhone 3GS in Helsinki just two weeks ago , when it was finally launched by Sonera .
Regarding Sonera , think of it as a less - repugnant version of AT&T .
As the exclusive distributor of the iPhone over in Finland , Sonera has turned out to be a somewhat benevolent carrier .
The carrier ’s unlimited data plan is reasonably priced , and home hacking your iPhone to tether to your Macbook is positively encouraged .
And now I ’ve discovered that Sonera is also happy to lend a helping hand in unlocking your old iPhone 3G .
When the 3G was released last year , Sonera customers had to sign up for a two - year contract .
When upgrading to the iPhone 3GS , those same customers are given the option to pay off the remainder of their original 3G contract .
Paying off the contract , and thus completing the two years prematurely , entitles the customer to have their iPhone 3G unlocked .
The helpful assistant at the Sonera store made a note of my IMEI number and then passed it onto his boss — after that there ’s a special piece of software that only his boss is authorized to use .
This mystical application submits the IMEI to Apple , which in turn authorizes the device for unlocking .
I was advised that when the iPhone 3G was next synced with iTunes , it would be unlocked .
Minutes later , back at home , I connected the iPhone 3G to iTunes and received a new carrier settings update .
After downloading and installing the update , Apple ’s official iPhone unlock screen appeared .
Going the legit route was a much more painless process than using a proxy SIM or the Dev Team ’s unofficial unlock .
Also worth noting is that , unlike some of the illicit approaches , this unlock is permanent : I ’ll be able to keep updating the iPhone ’s OS without losing the ability to use any carrier SIM in the device .
It was a surprisingly quick , easy and free unlock for me , although I ’d be very interested to find out if any of our readers around the world have had similar success in unlocking their iPhones .
Copyright 2009 GigaOm .
All Rights Reserved .
The media likes to talk about politicians ' " job performance . "
So I will , too .
However , when the media does it , they start with the ridiculous premise that the politicians are trying to serve the people .
( You might as well talk about how well the nation 's carjackers are " serving " America 's drivers . )
I , on the other hand , rate aspiring tyrants ( politicians ) based upon how effectively they extort , control and otherwise oppress the masses .
After all , that 's obviously their goal .
So let 's see how well Obama is serving his own lust for power and the agenda of the tyrannical puppet - masters who own him .
Overall , I can only give Obama 's megalomaniacal efforts a " C. "
It 's obviously not for lack of trying or lack of ambition ; the guy makes Stalin look like a moderate .
Yes , he 's a psychotic , profoundly dishonest , narcissistic , power - happy , delusional control freak of the highest order , but frankly , he 's been a really ineffective tyrant so far .
It 's not that he does n't want to rule the world ; it 's just that he's not very good at it ( which is a good thing for those of us who like freedom ) .
A few people who have read my first book , " How To Be a Successful Tyrant , " have jokingly asked whether I think that Bush or Obama has read my book .
If they did , they were n't paying attention .
They inherited an almost perfect social and political climate to enact complete tyranny , but , with the help of Clinton and George Bush , Sr. , managed to completely botch it up .
Personally , I 'm thrilled about that .
Had they not been so short - sighted , delusional and inept , this country would be in a lot more trouble .
Let me give a few illustrations :1 ) A successful tyrant does n't appear as a tyrant to his victims .
He is seen as a protector and savior who is trusted and loved by most , if not all , of his subjects .
You can't remain a tyrant for long if the peasants can see that you 're a tyrant .
If you want an example of a very successful tyrant , try Abraham Lincoln , and to a lesser extent , FDR .
They are still revered by most people ( Lincoln more so than Roosevelt ) , despite having been sadistic , power - happy , homicidal , sociopathic megalomaniacs of the first degree .
Clinton and both Bushes , on the other hand , are only revered by the most delusional among us , and Obama is well on his way there , too .
2 ) A competent tyrant uses propaganda to train his victims to feel adoration and unquestioning loyalty to him , and can keep that going even while severely oppressing them .
Obama , during the campaign , did a good job of using empty emotionalism to fire up lots of people to blindly rally behind him .
( Considering the gullibility and cluelessness of his target audience , however , that was really no great accomplishment . )
But he did n't seem to have any long - term plan for how to transition his vacant " hope and change " mantra into support for his totalitarian agenda .
Instead of continuing carefully crafted , effective mind - control disinformation tactics , he seemed to just charge right into trying to enact all manner of totalitarian , communist " programs , " without first getting public support for them .
3 ) A successful tyrant is patient , slowly and methodically depriving his victims of their freedom , at a rate that does n't make them panic or resist .
Obama has no patience , and no tact .
For example , his obviously hurried attempt to leap directly to complete socialized medicine scared the heck out of a lot of people , including most doctors .
And talking about mandatory " national service " for all young people , which Obama and one of his top tyrant helpers -- Rahm Emmanuel - - have been openly advocating , is raising a lot of eyebrows , even among leftists usually loyal to the American Socialist Party ( commonly known as " Democrats " ) .
The multi-billion - dollar handouts to huge banks and other corporations ( by Bush and Obama ) also shocked a lot of the peasants out of their usual oblivious complacency , which is not something a smart tyrant would ever do .
4 ) A successful tyrant , before doing any power - grab , will find something -- whether it 's real , exaggerated , or completely fabricated -- which will scare the people into accepting the latest increase in oppression .
But Obama failed to scare the public about anything , but instead just lunged forward and tried to force his totalitarian agenda through the legislature .
Without some " crisis " or " emergency " ( usually completely made up by the tyrants ) , the people might actually want to think about some new proposed power - grab before supporting it , as we 're seeing with the " swine flu " hoax , the attempt to socialize the medical industry , and so on .
Every tyrant worth his salt knows that you first have to deceive the peasants into wanting to be oppressed , but Obama has utterly failed to do that .
5 ) A good tyrant looks like he's on the people 's side , " fighting " for them .
While Obama duped a lot of people into thinking that during the campaign , he seems to have all but dropped that charade since he got into power .
The huge corporate and bank bailouts , the attempt to nationalize healthcare , the huge proposed tax increases , all make him look like the megalomaniac he is , with only the flimsiest facade of good intentions to try to hide it .
A tyrant that does not appear as a savior and protector is not going to accomplish much .
And the astounding number of firearm and ammunition purchases which occurred immediate after Obama 's election give a pretty clear indication that a whole lot of people certainly do n't see Obama as being on their " side .
" 6 )
A good tyrant knows how important it is to keep up the charade that he is representing " the people . "
Obama did a fairly good job of exploiting the anti-Bush sentiment , but then almost completely dropped the act once in power .
By continuing much of the fascist agenda of the prior administration , such as continuing to lock people up indefinitely without charges , continuing to condone torture , continuing all of the other fascist garbage of the " Patriot Act , " and not only continuing the military occupation of Iraq ( after pretending to be morally opposed to it ) , but escalating the conflict in Afghanistan , Obama effectively slapped in the face all of the anti-war protestors ( left and right ) who thought he was on their side .
He seems to be so short - sighted that he really thought that getting elected was all he had to do in order to get away with whatever collectivist oppression he wanted .
A smart tyrant knows better .
7 ) Making and breaking promises is not necessarily a bad thing for a tyrant to do , but it must be done carefully .
When infringing on individual freedom , the successful tyrant will make up a really good excuse , and will pretend that it pains him to do so .
On the other hand , when a control freak makes dramatic promises to get elected , and then immediately and casually ignores them , without even a half decent excuse , that clearly conveys his contempt for the very people that he is pretending to " represent . "
George Bush , Sr. , did this with his stupid " Read my lips " promise , and Obama copied him , by promising that not a single kind of tax would be raised , " not one dime , " for anyone who was n't making over $ 150,000 a year - - a promise that was flushed down the toilet in a heartbeat once Obama took office .
8 )
Generally speaking , it does n't take much for a tyrant to gain and keep the blind loyalty of the people who get paid to do his bidding .
Both " law enforcement " and military personnel , who are always used to increase and maintain the power of their masters ( the politicians ) , will usually inflict almost any amount of oppression on their neighbors , provided the oppression is first declared to be " legal . "
When some of the tyrant 's own mercenaries start to question the wisdom of his commands , as is happening with Obama ( and began under Bush ) , the tyrant is in serious trouble .
When , for example , you get even a few cops and soldiers openly declaring ahead of time ( as the " Oath Keepers " are doing ) that they will refuse any order to disarm Americans , or put Americans in detention camps , that spells serious trouble for the control freaks .
9 ) Obama is a communist .
I do n't mean that as a meaningless insult , as most people use the term .
I mean it as a perfectly accurate description of his political philosophy .
There are two kinds of communist tyrants : the ones who know how utterly idiotic the notion of communism is , but who use the boneheaded philosophy as a tool to gain power for themselves ; and the ones who actually think that communism is a good idea economically .
Obama appears to be the latter .
Needless to say , being the supreme , all - powerful dictator of a barren wasteland inhabited by a bunch of starving vagrants is n't much to brag about .
That is why a smart tyrant will make sure that he does n't " kill the golden goose . "
He needs the peasants to be just free enough that they keep producing , so the tyrant has something worth controlling and stealing .
Even the most barbaric slave - master was n't stupid enough to take 100 % of what his slaves produced , or they would either revolt , run away , or starve to death , leaving the " owner " with nothing .
And so it is with tyrants :
Only the most moronic megalomaniac would do things which would destroy the entire economy of the land over which he rules , and Obama is well on his way to doing just that .
Aside from the stupidity of trying to rob people who are destitute , a tyrant also must understand that desperate , impoverished peasants are infinitely more likely to openly rebel than those who have a lot to lose .
10 ) The single biggest mistake any tyrant can make -- and the mistake that eventually brings down every single one -- is not knowing when to back off .
When the peasants are starting to grumble about losing their freedom , and starting to complain about what the tyrants are doing to them , the stupidest thing a tyrant can possibly do is try to grab more power .
Yet that is what almost all tyrants do , and it is what Obama is doing , even more dramatically than the prior incompetent tyrant , George W. Bush , did .
A smart tyrant would back off a bit , giving significant " tax cuts , " paying lip service to freedom , and loosening the shackles enough for the peasants to notice it .
Then , of course , he would go back to very gradually tightening them again .
But when the people start showing real signs of discontent , almost every tyrant in history has tried to jump to complete control , which only triggered panic and a vicious backlash from his subjects .
And Obama is in the process of doing exactly that , by trying to tax , regulate , and / or nationalize everything in sight , as quickly as he possibly can .
Just like every other short - sighted megalomaniac , he seems to think that if he can just quickly slam the door and lock it , he will achieve perpetual , unlimited power .
But that 's not how reality works , and , fortunately for those of us who still value freedom , Obama is about to learn that the hard way .
Months before the election , I said that I wanted Obama to win for just this reason : because he would grab for complete power too quickly , and by doing so , would implode the entire Washington control machine .
And he is in the process of doing just that ( though Clinton and Bush really started that ball rolling ) .
In short , Obama is an incompetent , ignorant tyrant , and that is a very good thing for the long - term future of humanity .
Other signs did not focus on Mr. Obama , but rather on the government at large , promoting gun rights , tallying the national deficit and deploring illegal immigrants living in the United States .
Still , many demonstrators expressed their views without a hint of rage .
They said the size of the crowd illustrated that their views were shared by a broader audience .
Image Protesters in Washington D.C. during a rally on Saturday .
Credit ... Amanda Lucidon for The New York Times
“ I want Congress to be afraid , ” said Keldon Clapp , 45 , an unemployed marketing representative who recently moved to Tennessee from Connecticut after losing his job .
“ Like everyone else here , I want them to know that we ’re watching what they ’re doing .
And they do work for us . ”
As Mr. Obama traveled to Minnesota on Saturday to rally support for his health care plan , he flew over the assembling crowd in Marine One .
The helicopter could be seen flying overhead as the demonstrators marched down Pennsylvania Avenue .
“ This is not some kind of radical right - wing group , ” Senator Jim DeMint , Republican of South Carolina , said in an interview as dozens of people streamed by him .
“ I just hope the Congress , the Senate and the president recognize that people are afraid of what ’s going on . ”
Mr. DeMint and a few Republican legislators were the only party leaders on hand for the demonstration .
Republican officials said privately that they were pleased by the turnout but wary of the anger directed at all politicians .
And most of those who turned out were not likely to have been Obama voters anyway .
U.S. judge on trial for refusing to keep court open after 5 pm to hear last - minute death row appeal
A top U.S. judge who refused to keep her courthouse open for an extra 20 minutes to hear a death row appeal is now facing a special trial that could end her career .
' We close at 5 pm , ' Texas judge Sharon Keller said in 2007 , extinguishing last - minute hopes of death row inmate Michael Richard .
He was executed four hours later .
But her refusal to wait 20 minutes as lawyers frantically tried to file a motion delaying the defendant 's execution prompted outrage among Keller 's peers .
Now two years later , the judge is facing five judicial misconduct charges , including denying the rights of a condemned man .
Nicknamed ' Sharon Killer ' among critics for her tough - on - crime reputation , Keller is the highest - ranking judge in Texas to be put on trial by the state Commission on Judicial Conduct .
Judge Sharon Keller refused to keep a court open past 5 pm to hear an appeal to save the life of Michael Richard , who was executed hours later
The judge overseeing the trial will submit a report to the commission , which could dismiss the charges , issue a censure or suggest Keller be removed from the bench .
Keller , a Republican who has served on the court since 1994 , has not spoken publicly since being charged in February over claims that her 2007 decision was arbitrary and inappropriate .
Her attorney , Chip Babcock , said the widely repeated narrative of what happened the day Richard was executed was inaccurate .
' The truth is , the court was never closed to them , ' Mr Babcock said .
' They always had the ability to file . '
There 's a lot more to the story than late paperwork , he said .
The charges stem from September 25 , 2007 , when the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to review the constitutionality of death by lethal injection - the method by which Richard was to be executed at 6:00 pm that evening .
Richard 's lawyers immediately began drawing up motions asking for the execution to be delayed until the Supreme Court had made a decision .
But the defendant 's legal team was hampered by computer problems shortly before 5 pm .
Richard 's attorneys claimed Keller refused to keep the courthouse open , although doing so was common practice in death penalty cases .
The lawyers ' attempts to obtain an emergency stay from the Supreme Court was rejected because they had not first obtained a ruling on halting the execution from a lower court .
Richard , who had been convicted of the rape and murder of a mother of seven 20 years earlier , was administered a legal injection and pronounced dead at 8.23 pm .
Keller has rejected any allegations of wrongdoing , saying earlier this year : ' By the time he was executed , Richard had two trials , two direct appeals , two state habeas corpus proceedings and three federal habeas corpus hearings and motions . '
Texas state legislator Lou Burnam disagreed .
' It 's one thing for a banker to close shop at five o'clock sharp .
But a public official who stands between a human being and the death chamber must be held to a higher standard . '
Richard was the 26th person to be executed in Texas in 2007 , but even in a state that accounted for around half of all executions in the U.S. in 2008 , the case caused an outcry .
The State Commission on Judicial Conduct concluded that Keller had engaged in ' willful or persistent conduct that cast public discredit on the judiciary ' and multiple newspaper editorials condemned her actions .
The U.S. Supreme Court in 1972 effectively suspended the death penalty , but it was reinstated just four years later and 36 states still have the punishment on their books .
Polling suggests two - thirds of the population still supports executions .
AUSTRALIAN
Idol survivor Damien Leith sold more than $ 5 million worth of records when he won the 2006 crown but had to sell his car to pay the rent .
The popular family man , whose new single To Get To You has returned him to radio playlists for the first time in three years , has revealed he did not receive any of the proceeds from selling more than 300,000 copies of his The Winner 's Journey record .
Latest controversial booting off Australian Idol - live fan blog
All the latest gossip , photos , videos and fan blogs on Australian Idol
Gallery -
Who 's who of Australian Idol in 09
According to industry sources , Leith and his runner - up Jessica Mauboy were victims of fine print in the standard contract signed by contestants , which specifies that the Idol creators 19 Entertainment and local producers Fremantle Media own the rights to their performances on the show .
The The Winner 's Journey records , released by SonyBMG , compiled those performances , leaving Leith and Mauboy without an income from their " debut " records .
The following year , winner Natalie Gauci re-recorded her Idol songs for The Winner 's Journey to avoid the same fate .
But by the time Wes Carr won last year , the concept record _ designed to give the winners time to record their real studio debut record _ was abandoned .
Leith , who worked as a chemist before being dared to audition for Idol by two mates , said there have been " patches " since his win when he considered going back to his day job .
He and wife Eileen re-mortgaged their home in 2006 so he could chase his dream for the three months he needed to devote to the series .
Once he won , they believed there would be income from the sales of The Winner 's Journey , which was recognised as the Highest Selling Album at the 2007 ARIA Awards .
But when his lawyer gave him the bad news that the contract did n't grant him any royalties for the compilation , the Leiths were left with no choice but to sell their car to pay their bills .
After three years of " fighting " , Leith still does n't know where the estimated $ 3 million profit from The Winner 's Journey sales went .
" For the first few months after the series , we were really stressed about what was happening ; we thought money from The Winner 's Journey was going to come through and it did n't , basically I did n't get paid , " he said .
" In fairness , in the months that followed the fanbase came to the shows and we got a couple of really nice guardian angels along the way who helped us out .
Sony gave me an advance when they knew we were doing it tough without me asking for it .
" But it was tough , it was n't what it was painted out to be . "
Leith said he did n't know what to tell family and fans who approached him after his Idol win telling him they had bought 10 copies of The Winner 's Journey thinking they were helping support him , his wife and baby boy Jarvis .
They now have a second son , Jagger .
" Fans would come up at signings and say ` I bought two copies because you really gave us all this entertainment ' , " he said .
" It 's in the past .
I would be lying to say I was n't really angry about it ; I hate the fact it was done and it's not what the show is advertised to do .
" Guy [ Sebastian ] got his million - dollar cheque two years earlier for his debut record , photographed with it and everything .
" You put your life on the line for the potential release of an album and making a career and that 's the risk you take . "
The singer and songwriter has released two records since _ studio album Where We Land and covers album Catch The Wind _ and has kept his career alive and bills paid by touring .
But it is his fourth album , Remembering June , which is released on October 9 , which he feels is the record he has dreamed of making for the past 16 years .
" I 've bitten my tongue so many times but I 'm not worried about it any more because I 've got this new album and it means so much to me .
This is the first real album , " he said .
To Get To
You is set to put Leith back on top as it was the second most added track to radio playlists last week and features on a Channel 7 promotion for their new hospital drama Mercy .
ALEXANDRIA , Virginia ( CNN ) --
The jury that convicted former U.S. Rep.
William Jefferson on 11 counts of corruption said Thursday that he should forfeit almost half a million dollars in assets derived from criminal activity .
Former Rep. William Jefferson arrives at U.S. District Court with his wife , Andrea , on June 9 .
After deliberating for almost three hours , the panel voted unanimously to agree with prosecutors that the assets were linked with the crimes , except for one alleged bribe payment .
The jury then voted , again unanimously , to set the total forfeiture at $ 470,653 , which included money deposited in two bank accounts , according to Peter Carr of the U.S. Department of Justice .
U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis will decide later what happens to the assets , including who owns them and if they are available for forfeiture .
Jefferson , who was convicted Wednesday on 11 of the 16 corruption charges against him , remains free after swearing to pay $ 50,000 bond if he violates conditions the judge imposed , including travel restrictions .
" He used his influence and his power to enrich himself and his family , " U.S. Attorney Dana Boente said after Wednesday 's verdict in the case that included the discovery of $ 90,000 cash hidden in the freezer of his Washington home .
Jefferson , a Democrat from Louisiana who lost re-election to Congress last year after serving nine terms , will be sentenced October 30 .
He faces a maximum possible sentence of 150 years in prison .
Watch more on Jefferson 's conviction »
The jury convicted Jefferson on four bribery counts , three counts of money laundering , three counts of wire fraud and one count of racketeering .
He was acquitted on five other counts including wire fraud and obstruction of justice .
Jefferson was indicted by a federal grand jury on June 4 , 2007 , about two years after federal agents said they found the money in his freezer .
Authorities said the cash was part of a payment in marked bills from an FBI informant in a transaction captured on video .
After Wednesday 's verdict on the fifth day of jury deliberations , Jefferson 's lead defense attorney , Robert Trout , told reporters he plans to appeal and was reviewing the government 's case , the judge 's instructions to the jury and other factors he may use to challenge the convictions .
" We 're very disappointed that the jury disagreed with us , " Trout said .
When Jefferson was asked how he was feeling , he smiled briefly and answered , " I 'm holding up , " before walking away .
Boente said the verdict showed that " no person , not even a congressman , is above the law . "
Asked what might have turned the case in the prosecution 's favor , Boente said : " We always thought that a powerful piece of evidence in this case was $ 90,000 in a freezer . "
Jefferson was accused of using his congressional clout between 2001 and 2005 to solicit and receive hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes for himself and his family in exchange for promoting products and services in Africa , especially Nigeria , and elsewhere .
A graduate of Harvard Law School , Jefferson lost his House seat to Republican Anh Joseph Cao in a December 2008 election .
Cao issued a statement saying , " This is a difficult day for the people of New Orleans and Louisiana , but now we can turn the page on a negative past to focus on a positive future .
My thoughts and prayers go out to Mr. Jefferson and his family during this time . "
As a representative , Jefferson served on the House Ways and Means Committee 's subcommittee on trade and on the Budget Committee , and he co-chaired the caucus on Africa Trade and Investment as well as the caucus on Nigeria .
All About William Jefferson • Federal Bureau of Investigation • Nigeria
In Cheap : The High Cost of Discount Culture , author Ellen Ruppel Shell asks , " What are we really buying when we insist on getting stuff as cheaply as possible ? "
Her answer : a low - quality food supply , a ruined economy , a polluted environment , low wages , a shoddy educational system , deserted town centers , ballooning personal debt , and the loss of craftsmanship .
In the introduction to her book , Shell admits that she used to be obsessed with bargain prices , but says a " boot incident " changed her .
She went to a shoe " mini- outlet " to buy a pair of boots for a New Year 's party , and asked for " something special . "
The clerk showed her a pair of " buttery " leather Italian boots , but they were too expensive so she bought cheap knockoff boots from China that cost one - quarter as much as the Italian boots .
After wearing the boots just once , she decided that they were " clunky and so uncomfortable " that she threw them into the back of the closet with the " heap of other unwearable ' good deals ' in bad colors or unflattering shapes : a bargain hunter 's pile of shame . "
Cheapness , argues Shell , has ruined just about everything .
Main streets , with knowledgeable clerks and friendly service , have been decimated by discount stores like Wal - Mart staffed with ignorant employees who do n't give a damn .
Customer service has all but vanished ( A sign on the entrance of IKEA stores reads , " No One Will Bother You " ) .
Factory outlets have become the " fastest growing segment of not only the retail industry but also the travel industry . "
Jobs were lost when manufacturers moved their factories overseas and used cheap labor to produce mountains of cheap junk .
Products now come in two categories : stratospherically priced luxury objects or slipshod discount crap , with few mid-priced , well - crafted objects available , because craftsmanship can't compete in the mass market .
( As Roger Price , author of The Great Roob Revolution said " If everybody does n't want it , nobody gets it . " )
So , how do we get ourselves off the cheapness drug ?
In her concluding chapter , Shell says individuals have to shake the habit themselves : " We can set our own standard for quality and stick to it .
We can demand to know the true costs of what we buy , and refuse to allow them to be externalized , We can enforce sustainability , minimize disposability , and insist on transparency .
We can rekindle our acquaintance with craftsmanship .
We can choose to buy or not , choose to bargain or not , and choose to follow our hearts or not , unencumbered by the anxiety of that someone somewhere is getting a ' better deal . "
For the last couple of years , I 've been practicing pretty much what Shell recommends here .
When I start thinking I need to buy something I first ask myself if owning it will truly make my family 's life better in some way —
Will it save us time , or consume time ?
Do I have to learn a new user - interface to use it ?
What am I going to get out of it ?
What would happen if I put off buying it for a year ?
What else could I spend the money on that might be a better choice ?
Is it something I can hand down to my kids or will it break ?
Can it be serviced and repaired at home ?
Will it make our household environment more pleasant , or less pleasant ?
Will it clutter the house ?
how much storage space will it consume ?
These are then kinds of questions I now ask myself before buying something .
The one thing I do n't consider is how " cheap " something is .
As a result , I do n't buy nearly as much stuff as I used to ( it turns out that my decision not to be cheap has made me more frugal and thrifty ) and the things I do buy more often end up being well - made and improve the quality of my family 's life .
Cheap : The High Cost of Discount Culture
If you ’ve got rosary beads handy , please say a prayer for the leader of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles .
Last week was not a good one for Cardinal Roger Mahony , and there may be no letup in weeks to come if a certain monsignor continues to testify in a deposition being taken as part of a civil case against Mahony and the diocese .
Msgr. Richard Loomis , former vicar of clergy for the archdiocese , said under oath that in the year 2000 he wrote a memo advocating that the archdiocese inform police about allegations of sexual abuse by a now - defrocked priest named Michael Baker .
Mahony , Loomis testified , directed him not to report the allegations .
That testimony grabbed the attention of those who have followed the years - long molestation scandal , in which Mahony has fought like a tomcat to withhold documents sought by investigators and has had PR teams build him an image as a reformer .
In all that time , no one from Mahony ’s inner circle had dared stand up and point a finger at the cardinal until Loomis did so last week .
With the testimony by Loomis , there was n’t just a challenge to the archdiocesan leader , but a suggestion that a paper trail exists .
Advertisement
Loomis testified that when he found out Baker was still performing baptisms despite allegations of abuse in the 1990s and orders to discontinue ministry , he sent a memo to Mahony recommending that they call the police .
He testified that Mahony “ wrote on the memo and initially his response was to proceed but then through the general counsel ’s office I was told . . . that we were going to wait , ” said Loomis .
The monsignor also testified that Mahony ordered him not to inform parishes where Baker had worked of allegations against the priest .
Nobody was more surprised by Loomis ’ candor last week than a young man known in court records as Luis C. , a former altar boy who was one of Baker ’s victims beginning in the mid-'90s .
“ I was in shock , ” said Luis , who is now 29 and working in an auto body shop after marital and other problems , for which he has received years of therapy .
“ Thanks to God , Msgr. Loomis had the heart to come out and admit ” that he had tried in vain to get the archdiocese to take action .
Advertisement
As for Mahony ’s refusal to act on the Loomis warning , Luis said he was not surprised .
“ He decided to keep it under the rug , not wanting anyone to know , not wanting the parishes to know what this man ’s problem was . ”
As Luis noted , Mahony knew about Baker ’s behavior long before Loomis asked the cardinal to call the police .
Baker told The Times in 2002 that he told Mahony of his “ problem ” in the 1980s .
Mahony sent him to a treatment center in New Mexico and then allowed him to continue serving in a limited capacity as long as he stayed away from minors .
But Baker ’s abuse of boys continued .
Luis said he was abused by Baker many times over the course of several years .
“ I was 15 , a young boy , an altar boy , and my whole family gave their trust to ” Baker , Luis said .
“ We opened our doors to him and the person we thought was a sacred man , a good person , a good human being -- it turns out that all along he was a monster . ”
Advertisement
John Manly , the attorney who represents Luis and took the Loomis deposition , said he will ask the court to order the archdiocese to produce the memo Loomis spoke of .
“ If Loomis is correct , ” Manly said , Mahony was “ encouraging people not to call police and to intentionally cover it up .
You wonder where law enforcement is on this . ”
Baker , by the way , was eventually convicted of molesting Luis and two others , and he began a 10 - year sentence in 2007 .
Mahony has apologized for allowing Baker to continue serving as a priest , and once said that of the 200 clergy members accused of misconduct involving 500 victims , Baker ’s was the case that “ troubles ” him the most .
It must have been tough to narrow it down to just one case .
In a 2004 “ Report to the People of God , ” Mahony told parishioners he had left five priests in the ministry despite complaints that they were molesters .
A Times investigation came up with a different total , though , finding that Mahony had left an additional 11 priests in the ministry after concerns were raised about their inappropriate behavior with children .
Advertisement
It should surprise no one that currently , the way in which the archdiocese has handled such cases is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation .
So what does the archdiocese have to say about it all ?
Before calling to find out , I guessed the response might be any of the following :
A ) No comment .
Advertisement
B ) Talk to archdiocesan attorneys .
C ) There was no such memo .
D ) Msgr. Loomis cannot be trusted , but we assure you no laws were broken .
The archdiocese opted for D .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t know much about Loomis ’ memory of events , ” archdiocese spokesman Tod Tamberg said in an e-mail , “ but I do know that he was very angry when Cardinal Mahony promptly removed him from ministry when credible allegations of misconduct were made against him . ”
Indeed , Loomis , who went from vicar of clergy to become canonical investigator for all complaints of sexual misconduct , is currently on leave because of allegations of guess what .
Yes .
Sexual misconduct .
Good lord , light a candle for them all .
Advertisement
Yes , it ’s possible that because of his own problems , Loomis has an ax to grind and has now fabricated claims that he memoed Mahony in 2000 to call the police about Baker .
But if that were the case , and there is no memo , would n’t you expect Tamberg to come right out and say so ?
Well , he did n’t .
Tamberg said that in the year 2000 , the practice of the archdiocese was to report current allegations of abuse against minors .
If the accusers were adults , the “ archdiocese encouraged those people to contact the police directly . ”
In 2002 , the diocese switched to a policy of reporting “ any and all allegations of abuse ” to police .
And in fact , in 2002 , Mahony authorized an attorney to notify police about Baker .
Forgive me , father , for having to ask :
Advertisement
But what took so long ?
I do n’t care what the policy is , or even the law .
If you ’re a stand - in for the supreme being , is there a higher power than moral authority ?
Stay tuned later this week , as Loomis continues giving that deposition .
There may also be a deposition from a priest who allegedly saw Luis C. leaving Baker ’s residence and , according to Loomis , reported it to the archdiocese to no avail .
When I asked Luis C. if he thought Mahony would survive the first allegations from a former member of his inner circle , he did n’t hesitate .
Advertisement
“ He has a lot of power , and it ’s really not for me to say , ” Luis said .
“ I ’m working on myself , and God is the one who ’s watching over all of us . ”
steve.lopez@latimes.com
The $ 14.7 million for a new airport on an Alaskan island that averages only 42 flights a month .
The half - million dollars for a new skateboard park in unemployment - ravaged Rhode Island .
The $ 3.4 million for fencing and tunnels to keep Florida turtles from becoming roadkill .
Those proposals for spending federal stimulus money were all criticized by cable news commentators , Republican officials and , in the case of the airport , the inspector general of the Transportation Department .
But they have something else in common , too .
They are popular locally .
And they underscore a truth that has been evident since the New Deal : sometimes the boondoggle is in the eye of the beholder .
Dan Clarion , the maintenance manager and harbor master in Ouzinkie , a town of about 170 people on an island off Alaska , said the new airport was vital for safety reasons .
The island ’s current runway is too short , Mr. Clarion said , and its location leaves it vulnerable to dangerous crosswinds that sometimes shut down the airport , stranding islanders who rely on planes for their mail , their groceries and their access to the mainland when the seas are too high .
“ Many times it ’s the only way we can get in and out , ” Mr. Clarion said by telephone .
The outcry that greeted Pawtucket , R.I. , over its plans to spend stimulus money on a playground with a skate park at a junior high school was so fierce that city officials soon scrapped the idea and decided to spend their stimulus money on road work instead .
But residents of Pawtucket had sought the skate park for a decade to lure skaters off the steps of the city ’s library , the granite walls by the old mill and even the steps of City Hall .
So the city is building it anyway , using the original source of federal financing that it had planned to use before the stimulus law passed .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 August 20
Eclipse City
Credit & Copyright : Alfred Lee
Explanation : During July 22nd 's solar eclipse , the Moon 's dark shadow traced a narrow path as it raced eastward across India and China and on into the Pacific .
Hong Kong was south of the shadow's path , so a total eclipse was not visible there , but a partial eclipse was still enjoyed by inhabitants of the populous city .
And while many were ( safely ! ) watching the sky , images of the partially eclipsed Sun adorned the city itself .
In this downlooking photo , taken at 9:40 am local time , a remarkable array of solar eclipse views was created by reflection in a grid of eastward facing skyscraper windows .
The photographer 's location was the 27th floor of Two Pacific Place .
This woman was arrested for DUI , and SWEARS she 's gotta go pee .
They try to control her and calm her down , but she 's not having any of it ( trust me , they hear this a lot ) .
So , when she 's not complying , she does the next biggest stupid thing - she kicks a detention officer right in the , uh , " soft spot . "
And if you are a male , you know that 's not a good thing .
This bitch is lucky there were cameras present , because she would have been dealt with ( I'm certain ) in a much harsher manner .
Now , for all you liberal crybabies out there , if you 're a male , do you really think she should get away with this ?
Does this not hurt you beyond all ability of description ?
I can't imagine how much it does , and I understand 200 % how pissed his fellow female CO is for that assault .
And this stupid piss - in - my - pants bitch DESERVES the extra charge !
I challenge any male to think otherwise .
The Kopp - Etchells Effect
Details Published : Monday , 17 August 2009 03:20
Page 1 of 3
A CH - 47 helicopter whirls in with a “ sling load ” of resupplies from Camp Bastion to FOB Jackson in Sangin .
The pilot comes in fast , to the dark landing zone , lighted only by “ Cyalumes , ” which Americans call “ Chemlights . ”
The sensitive camera and finely engineered glass make the dark landing zone appear far lighter .
The apparent brightness of the small Cyalumes provides reference .
A show begins as the helicopter descends under its halo .
The charged helicopter descends into its own dust storm .
Gently releasing the sling load .
The pilot hovers away from the load , pivots and begins to land .
The dust storm ripples and flaps over the medical tents .
Heat causes the engines to glow orange .
Dust begins to clear even before landing .
The helicopter , under its own halo , casts a moon shadow .
Jon Peddie 's latest graphics shipment numbers are in , and the results are well in line with the trends identified in our previous reporting on the Intel and AMD earnings calls .
Specifically , the entire channel is preparing for a boost in sales soon , as seasonal back - to - school buying starts .
Everyone is also hoping and praying for a round of IT upgrades that are now overdue .
The thinking is that there is a ton of pent - up demand in the IT market as everyone is keeping costs down by not upgrading , so all of that demand will have to come rushing into the market the minute that IT managers get some money to spend again .
In this respect , the channel is " pricing in " the expected IT upgrade spending , so let 's hope that it is n't disappointed .
The actual numbers that JPR gives are worth looking at , because they show that Intel and AMD stole a percentage point of market share each from NVIDIA over this past quarter .
Peddie 's chart does n't break the numbers out by segment ( at least , the publicly available chart does n't ) , but it 's likely that AMD poached its point of NVIDIA marketshare in the discrete graphics space , where AMD 's Radeon line currently provides an incredible amount of GPU bang per buck .
Intel got its point in the integrated graphics processor ( IGP ) segment , obviously , and consumers skip portables containing the premium NVIDIA IGP parts for the cheaper Intel - based options .
It 's also likely that netbooks are another factor , where , despite the enthusiasm behind NVIDIA 's Ion platform , Intel has 100 percent of the IGP marketshare .
As Peddie points out , the fall will bring the releases of Windows 7 and the next version of Mac OS X , Snow Leopard .
Users who have been holding off on their OS upgrades may also have held off on their computer upgrades , so they could be planning to pick up a new machine when these new OSes come out .
This channel restocking has made for some seasonably strange behavior , as the second quarter , which is normally down , saw a 31 percent surge in total graphics chipset shipments .
So this is a real inventory correction , but JPR is careful not to get prematurely excited that it's ( yet ) anything other than a bounce off the bottom .
" Things probably are n't going to get back to the normal seasonality till Q3 or Q4 this year , " the note says , " and we wo n't hit the levels of 2008 until 2010 . "
To this , we would add that if in 2010 we do actually rebound to graphics chipset shipment levels in line with the first half of 2008 , this would be evidence of a major victory for the entire economy and we could all break out the champagne .
Graphics chipsets ( along with other components ) are a leading indicator of the PC market , and IT spending in general is a coincident indicator with GDP , so a larger recovery would be well underway by the time graphics shipments rise that high .
Health care is special
Health care services are in a special category of " services " .
Unlike almost all other services in our " free market " economy , most health care services ( just like police and fire services ) are necessary for all residents - often a matter of life and death .
Incredibly , we treat most health care services as if they were optional for some residents .
The extreme costs , the multiple inefficiencies , and the shameful injustice of our current health care system are the guaranteed results of treating heath care services as optional for some residents .
As a civilized nation , we would never tolerate a system where police or fire services were treated as optional for some residents .
To understand how utterly absurd our private health care system is , imagine life in America if we treated police and fire services the way we now treat most health care services .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Dannon Co. settled a false - advertising lawsuit Friday , agreeing to set up a $ 35 - million fund to reimburse consumers who bought its Activia and DanActive yogurts .
The class - action lawsuit , filed in January 2008 , alleged that Dannon lied when marketing its Activia and DanActive yogurts by trumpeting health benefits that did n’t exist .
The White Plains , N.Y. - based yogurt maker denied the claims and admitted no wrongdoing as part of the settlement .
The decision to settle was based on Dannon ’s desire “ to avoid the distraction and expense of litigation , ” spokesman Michael Neuwirth said .
As part of the settlement , the company agreed to make changes to the labeling and advertising of Activia and DanActive by increasing the visibility of the scientific names of the “ probiotic ” cultures in the yogurts , court documents said .
Dannon also agreed to remove the word “ immunity ” from its DanActive products .
Advertisement
DanActive labels that say the yogurt has “ a positive effect on your digestive tract ’s immune system ” will be reworded to say the yogurt will “ interact with your digestive tract ’s immune system . ”
The refund program for customers who bought Activia and DanActive yogurts will pay up to $ 100 per customer , depending on how much yogurt each bought , court documents said .
To receive the refund , consumers have to fill out a claim form that will be made available once the settlement is approved by the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio .
--
Advertisement
nathan.olivarezgiles@latimes.com
My webhost recently moved all my sites to a ‘ stabilization ’ server because my sites were using far to much CPU time and Memory .
After reviewing the logs it looked like some bot from India decided to repeatedly scrape one of my sites in it ’s entirety without any delays between requests .
So the support team over there either requires me to correct the problem or upgrade to a dedicated server plan at ridiculous costs .
Since I did n’t really think that there was a problem I emailed back about the single IP address that was causing all the issues and took steps to prevent requests from that IP address from accessing the site .
The support team replied saying that my usage was still high and that I still needed to correct the problem .
A little frustrated , I did some research on how to improve my site ’s load time and hopefully reduce CPU and memory usage .
Most of my sites use wordpress so I found a large number of articles geared specifically to optimizing wordpress blogs .
Before I tried anything I backed up my entire public_html directory and did a dump of all my mySQL databases ( took almost 20 minutes for the dump ) .
Dealing with Plugins
The first thing I did was upgrade all my plugins .
Most wordpress plugins allow you to upgrade automatically so all you really have to do is click a button and all the work is done for you .
I also deactivated and deleted a surprising number of plugins that I have n’t really had any use for recently .
Apparently a lot of free plugins can cause large amounts of unneccesary load on your server due to the authors not really knowing or caring how well their software performs .
Dealing with spam bots
I have been using the Akismet plugin for awhile and it has been reporting large amounts of spam comments and pingbacks .
It ’s not really something that most people worry about because the spam is automatically deleted after a period of time .
It does however increase server load , especially if it ’s in the thousands of messages a day .
I found this little mod_rewrite snippet to deny any blatent spammers that do n’t have a proper referer :
RewriteEngine On RewriteCond %{REQUEST_METHOD}
POST RewriteCond %{REQUEST_URI} .wp-comments-post\.php* RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} !.*codytaylor.org .* [ OR ] RewriteCond %{HTTP_USER_AGENT} ^$ RewriteRule ^(.* ) $ ^http://lemonparty.org//$
[ R=301,L ]
Cache and Compress
Since most of my pages rarely change it ’s silly to generate every page for every request dynamically .
After some reading I decided to use WP Super Cache to help optimize my WordPress sites .
Of course just enabling Super Cache in the WP Super Cache plugin did n’t really improve load times for the end user but it should reduce server load immensely .
What did improve load times drastically was the Super Cache Compression .
This was a little more involved to get going but if you ’re comfortable with copying and pasting code into a .htaccess file then it should n’t be difficult as long as your host supports mod_mime , mod_rewrite , and mod_deflate .
After going through all that , my sites now average at about half the load time they used to .
Hopefully my web host feels that I ’ve done enough to get off the ‘ stabilization ’ server so I do n’t have to transfer all my stuff to another company .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has been visiting churches across the state on the taxpayers ’ dime .
Actually , it ’s worse than a dime .
His trips have cost around $ 45,000 :
Between March 2 and July 20 , Jindal traveled to churches , mostly in north Louisiana , on a state helicopter at a cost to the taxpayers of about $ 45,000 , according to State Police records .
In May , June and July , there was rarely a Sunday when Jindal did not fly a taxpayer - funded helicopter to church services in a remote part of the state .
Two aides usually accompanied him along with his security detail and pilots .
The Governor ’s Office refuses to tell the media ahead of time about Jindal ’s church visits .
A video of one of the visits — posted on YouTube — shows that Jindal talks about the military , his family , his values and his conversion to Christianity .
This is entanglement of church and state .
Jindal is not visiting churches on his own as a worshiper .
He is making political speeches using government money — it ’s illegal , pure and simple .
A few days ago , Rev. Welton Gaddy , a Baptist minister and head of the Interfaith Alliance , wrote Jindal a letter urging him to pay the state back :
If you were traveling to these churches to worship with the various congregations , you should have paid your own expenses to get there as did the other worshippers .
If you were traveling to these churches for the purpose of sharing your personal faith and encouraging faith in others , state funds absolutely should not have been used to pay your expenses .
Indeed , in that instance , your state - funded actions were a violation of the United States Constitution ’s promise of religious freedom which has been a critical contributor to the vitality of religion in our nation .
If you were traveling to these churches for political purposes , you should not have been there in the first place , regardless of who funded the travel .
… Governor Jindal , it appears that you owe the people of Louisiana an apology and the treasurer of the state a reimbursement of at least $ 45,000 in addition to whatever money was spent in the period not covered by the Advocate ’s investigation .
No taxpayer money should have been used for your travel .
So how did Jindal ’s spokesperson respond ?
This political group [ the Interfaith Alliance ] opposes putting crosses up in honor of fallen policemen , has attacked the National Day of Prayer and advocates for same - sex marriage , so it ’s not surprising that they are attacking the governor for accepting invitations to speak at Louisiana churches .
And that should settle the matter …
Or not , since it does n’t even address the issue .
The Interfaith Alliance was against the Religious Right hijacking of the Day of Prayer , not that people should n’t pray .
Their stance on gay marriage is that gay couples should be eligible for the same rights as straight couples , not that churches should be forced to perform gay marriage ceremonies .
And no one is upset that Jindal accepted invitations to speak at churches .
The issues are that he only seems to speak at churches and he used state funds to do it .
Rachel Maddow had Gaddy on her show last night to talk about the issue :
I doubt Jindal has any intention to pay the money back , and in his mind , he thinks what he did was perfectly fine .
That ’s a problem .
This is why Jindal has no right aspiring to higher office as a potential Republican presidential candidate .
This is why residents of the state should be demanding his resignation .
It ’s disgusting that any politician would be doing anything like this .
( Thanks to Hector for the link ! )
... British case supports using Relenza in this as - yet - unapproved form ex... THURSDAY Sept. 3 ( HealthDay News ) -- A 22 - year - old cancer patient bat ... The British physicians who treated the woman said this last - resort app ...
In this woman 's case neither Relenza nor a similar H1N1 - fighting drug ...
Date:9/3/2009
British case supports using Relenza in this as - yet - unapproved form , experts say
THURSDAY , Sept. 3 ( HealthDay News ) -- A 22 - year - old cancer patient battling for her life after contracting H1N1 swine flu recovered fully after doctors took the unorthodox approach of giving her the antiviral drug Relenza intravenously .
The British physicians who treated the woman said this last - resort approach may need to be considered for others as swine flu sweeps the globe .
Relenza is licensed in pill form and as an inhaled powder , but not as an intravenous medication .
In this woman 's case , neither Relenza nor a similar H1N1 - fighting drug , Tamiflu , could reach her severely affected lungs when taken orally or inhaled , the physicians report in the Sept. 4 online issue of The Lancet .
" There were clinical signs that the patient was not able to absorb the Tamiflu because of a problem with the digestive system ; and in the case of Relenza , the lungs were very inflamed with a lot of fluid leakage , and we considered it likely that the powdered form of the drug was not able to penetrate far enough to be effective , " explained study co-author Dr. Michael Kidd of University College London Hospitals .
The woman 's situation was dire .
She had been hospitalized in an intensive care unit for 16 days and was breathing through a respirator after her lungs filled with fluid .
Also , her immune system had been badly weakened by the chemotherapy she was taking to help fight her cancer .
Since oral or inhaled medicines had failed to reach the woman 's lungs , Kidd and his colleague , Dr. Mervyn Singer , turned to an unlicensed form of intravenous Relenza after consultations with the hospital and next - of - kin .
" Giving the antiviral drug into the bloodstream would get round these obstacles , and we anticipated it would reach the lungs rapidly and effectively , " Kidd said .
The treatment worked .
After receiving the IV Relenza , the woman began to recover speedily , greatly reducing the amount of H1N1 virus in her system .
Five days later , she breathed on her own , and in a little more than a week she left the intensive - care unit .
Singer and Kidd also gave the patient corticosteroids at the same time that she received the intravenous Relenza .
" We reasoned that the steroids might help by damping down the inflammation once the viral replication was under control , " Kidd said .
" We have no evidence that this was the case in our patient , but we would like to see this possibility addressed in future clinical trials . "
Their success in bringing this very sick patient back from the brink augurs for the wider acceptance of intravenous Relenza for patients seriously affected by the swine flu this fall and winter , Kidd said .
" We consider it very important to further investigate this approach as soon as possible , since apart from the obvious individual patient benefit , it could help relieve the pressure on beds that is likely to occur in critical care facilities during the colder seasons , " he said .
One U.S expert agreed .
" The patient was deathly ill and [ the doctor ] got permission to use it on this patient , and then it seemed to have helped , and I think that 's great , " said Dr. Peter Gross , chief medical officer at Hackensack University Medical Center in New Jersey .
" The individual involved was at very high risk of having very serious complications of the novel H1N1 because the person was very immunocompromised , " Gross pointed out .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has placed people with chronic underlying illnesses , such as asthma , diabetes or cancer , and those with compromised immune systems high on the list of those at risk for severe or life - threatening H1N1 infections .
Many of the 477 Americans who have died have had some sort of underlying medical condition , CDC officials noted Thursday in their journal , Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report .
According to Kidd , the woman he treated exhibited no side effects from the strategy .
" IV Relenza is well - tolerated in adults at quite high doses , previously shown in clinical trials , and it can be used in children from 6 months of age , " he said .
There are certain " contraindications " for its use -- doses may need to be adjusted if the patient has kidney disease , for example , and its safety during pregnancy " has not been established , " Kidd said .
But even for pregnant women ( another H1N1 high - risk group , according to the CDC ) , " in severe swine flu respiratory disease , the expected benefit to the mother is likely to outweigh any possible risk to the fetus , " Kidd said .
More information
Find out more about H1N1 flu at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
SOURCES : Michael Kidd , FRC , clinician , University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust , London , England ; Peter Gross , M.D. , chief medical officer , Hackensack University Medical Center , New Jersey ; Sept. 4 , 2009 , The Lancet , online
'/> " />
Copyright ©2009 ScoutNews , LLC .
All rights reserved
5
GOOD
Related medicine news :
I wrote about the Will Foster case in the Chronicle last week .
Here 's a brief summary : Foster had a small medical marijuana garden in Tulsa that was raided in 2005 .
Two years later , he was sentenced to an insane 93 YEARS in prison .
Only after a publicity campaign in which DRCNet played a vital role was he resentenced to merely 20 years , and after being twice denied parole , he was paroled to California .
Although Oklahoma thought Foster should be on parole until 2011 , California decided he did n't need any more state supervision and released him from parole after three years .
That was n't punitive enough for Oklahoma .
Although Foster had left the Bible Belt state behind with no intention of ever returning , Oklahoma parole officials issued a parole violation warrant for his extradition to serve out the remainder of his sentence .
When Foster had to show ID in a police encounter , the warrant popped up , and he was jailed .
Desperate , Foster filed a writ of habeas corpus and won !
A California judge ruled the warrant invalid , and Foster was a free man again .
But not for long .
It 's thirst for vengeance still unslaked , the state of Oklahoma issued yet another parole violation warrant for Foster 's extradition because he refused to agree to an extension of his parole to 2015 - - four years past the original Oklahoma parole date .
Then he got raided in California , thanks to bad information from an informant with an axe to grind .
Foster had a legal medical marijuana grow , but it took a hard - headed Sonoma County prosecutor more than a year to drop charges , and Foster has been jailed the whole time .
Now that the charges have been dropped , Foster still is n't free because Oklahoma still wants him back .
Extradition warrants have been signed by the governors of both states , and he was days away from being extradited in shackles when he filed a new habeas writ this week .
Filing the writ will stop him from being sent back to Oklahoma , but it also means he 's stuck in jail for the foreseeable future .
The writ is a legal strategy ; his real best hope is to get one of those governors to rescind the extradition order .
You can help .
Click on this link to find out how to write the governors .
I think a campaign of letters to the editor of Oklahoma papers might help , too .
Those letters might ask why Oklahoma wants to continue to spend valuable tax dollars to persecute a harmless man whose only crime was to try to get some relief for his ailments -- and who has no intention of ever returning there .
... So , anyway , I went to see Will at the Sonoma County Jail Saturday night .
But I did n't get in .
The steel - toes in my footwear set off the metal detector , and I quickly found out such apparel was a security risk .
Who knew ?
I 'll go back later this week .
I guess I 'll wear sandals .
In the meantime , there are letters waiting to be written .
Keyboard commandos , saddle up !
RALEIGH , North Carolina ( Reuters ) -
Two men charged in North Carolina last month with plotting terrorist attacks overseas also planned to attack the U.S. Marine Corps base in Quantico , Virginia , authorities said on Thursday .
The two were among seven suspects arrested in August for conspiring to provide material support to terrorists and for conspiracy to murder , kidnap , maim and injure people overseas .
A new indictment unveiled on Thursday charged Daniel Patrick Boyd , the group ’s alleged ringleader , and Hysen Sherifi “ with conspiring to murder U.S. military personnel ” in connection with the planned assault on the Marine Corps base , the U.S. Attorney ’s Office in Raleigh said in a statement .
It offered no details , except to say that Boyd had undertaken reconnaissance of Quantico and obtained maps of the base in order to plan the attack .
The U.S. Attorney ’s Office said Boyd also possessed armor piercing ammunition , and had stated that it was “ to attack the Americans . ”
“ These additional charges hammer home the grim reality that today ’s home - grown terrorists are not limiting their violent plans to locations overseas , but instead are willing to set their sights on American citizens and American targets , right here at home , ” U.S. Attorney George E.B. Holding said .
All seven suspects in the North Carolina case were denied bail after a hearing in Raleigh last month at which prosecutors played FBI recordings as evidence that they had discussed waging “ jihad ” as part of a conspiracy to conduct attacks in foreign nations .
The United States has been on heightened security alert since the September 11 attacks in 2001 and authorities have publicized efforts to crush domestic terrorist cells before they have a chance to act .
Prosecutors have said Boyd trained in terrorist camps in Pakistan and Afghanistan from 1989 to 1992 , and fought against the Soviets in Afghanistan .
Boyd is a U.S. citizen and Sherifi is a native of Kosovo and a legal permanent resident of the United States .
In the past few days , liberal activists have started to plan their counterattack on the conservative opponents of health care reform ; now , the AFL - CIO says it will get involved , too .
In a memo to presidents of national and international unions , AFL - CIO President John Sweeney called on affiliate unions to launch a 30 - day campaign of activism in support of health care reform -- and , perhaps most significantly , to turn out union members to town - hall meetings .
Part of the plan is to " organize major union participation in Congressional Town Hall meetings , both live and virtual ' Tele - Town Hall Meetings .
A list of these meetings will be sent to you as soon as we receive it along with the list of approximately 50 high priority districts , " the memo states .
Labor unions have traditionally provided the foot soldiers in Democratic politics , waving signs , phone banking and turning out votes ... now they 'll play in town - halls , where conservatives have been outperforming liberals in attendance , shouting down reform and generally dominating both the meetings and the national news coverage of the White House 's reform effort .
Liberal activists have one significant advantage over conservatives in the race to turn out more supporters to these town - halls : they can coordinate attendance with Democratic representatives , and they 've worked with these lawmakers before .
Earlier this week , Health Care for America Now ! , a liberal coalition of which the AFL - CIO is a part , issued its guidelines for the new town - hall fight ; the AFL - CIO 's campaign , however , signifies a targeted effort to win these battles in the swing - vote districts conservatives have gone after .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
There are many opportunities to earn money on the Internet .
Two of such are trading Forex and mining Bitcoin .
USI - Tech can help you to do both .
It is a technology company which is currently based in Dubai .
They specialize in the development of automatic software for Forex trading and Bitcoin mining .
The company has very intelligent , qualified specialists who ensure that their software products are of good quality .
For almost 10 years , USI - Tech has been dedicated to the provision of automated trading software .
Today , they have trading robots for the Forex and Bitcoin markets .
Here is more about these products and their benefits .
The USI - Tech Forex Automated Trading Software
The world Forex market is a prime investment opportunity .
This is because currencies stay stable yet vary in value so much that there is always the potential for profit .
USI - Tech specializes in creating software that can trade in this market for you according to successful , built - in parameters .
They have developed more than 100 successful software versions for this in the last 8 years .
Today , they offer an automated Forex trading software that helps small - capital investors to participate in this global market and make profits .
The USI - Tech Forex software plugs into the well - used MT4 trading platform .
It is available with a life - time license and does not need any special expertise to manipulate .
By following a comprehensive guide , anybody can install this software in their MT4 platform .
This Forex robot from USI - Tech makes use of unique algorithms that can deliver profits of 100 % per year .
The software achieves this by performing maximized reduction of risk in a fast - paced trading environment .
It is available for 600 Euros for a lifetime license .
The USI - Tech Automated Bitcoin Mining Software
The most recent product from this company is the automated Bitcoin mining and trading software .
It was released in March 2017 and allows clients to automate the processes of mining or trading the Bitcoin cryptocurrency .
The automated cryptocurrency trading technology is available in terms of packages .
Each goes for 50 Euros paid in Bitcoin .
Every package can automatically trade your initial Bitcoin investment by 1 % every day for 140 trading days while working for 5 days per week .
Eventually , you will receive Bitcoin payments adding up to 140 % of your initial Bitcoin investment .
Statistically , the automated Bitcoin trading software from USI - Tech can deliver a 40 % profit on your initial capital in 6 months .
This is after all the fees have been deducted .
According to reviewers and critics , this is one of the highest paying automated Bitcoin services on the Internet .
When it comes to mining , the USI - Tech automated software mines alternative cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin .
This is because the developers feel that there are more profits to be made in mining these other cryptocurrencies .
After getting a return , these alternative cryptocurrencies are converted to Bitcoin and delivered to you .
The automated Bitcoin mining software is available in terms of packages .
Each costs 0.02229BTC
and works according to a similar schedule to that of the trading robot .
Benefits of investing in the automated software products from USI - Tech
The automated trading software from USI - Tech makes it possible for individual traders to participate and thrive in the Forex market which is known to have the highest capital turnover globally .
It is very difficult to trade in this market without having reliable tools .
The automated trading software from this company gives you an edge in the market and generates many chances to make a profit in this market .
The Forex and Bitcoin automated software from this company constantly receive technological support from a team of experienced and knowledgeable specialists .
They are constantly working to fine tune the parameters of the software so as to increase its capability .
This guarantees long term profit for you as a trader .
Conclusion
USI - Tech is a company that specializes in creating automated software for Forex trading and Bitcoin mining .
They currently have stable , tested and approved software for both of these activities .
The software provides clients with high returns of over 100 % in the long term .
Moreover , it is available for purchase with life - time licenses .
To purchase the software and participate in the markets that it manipulates , you need to be over the age of 18 and have full legal capacity to perform these activities .
Deposits and withdrawals can be made into the software using the regular methods such as Netseller , credit cards or bank transfers .
USI - Tech brings high - tech software capability to ordinary traders who want to make extraordinary profits .
Read more
And Yes ,
In Fact , While We ’re On the Subject of “ The Big Three ”
Dear Asimov’s , Analog , and F&SF :
Please be aware that here in 2009 , you look absolutely foolish for not accepting electronic submissions .
We are a decade into the 21st century now .
You really have had more than enough time to accept the fact that almost all correspondence and transmission of documents has become an electronic affair , and to create a system that allows you to process and respond to such submissions in an efficient and timely manner .
A list of complaints like this , apparently written when Eudora was the hip e-mail client and 56 k dial - up was blazing fast , no longer cuts it .
Why not ?
Let me explain .
* On average , it would take us approximately two hours each day just to download submissions .
First , only if you ’re still working on dial - up , powered by hamsters .
Second , so do n’t download submissions .
Require plain text submissions and have them sent in the body of an e-mail .
If download time is really an issue here in 2009 , have the e-mails sent to a GMail account ; no time required to download because the submissions are hosted on a remote server .
* The risk of computer viruses is higher if we accept attached files .
Do n’t accept attached files .
Route any e-mail with an attached file into a folder that deletes mail unopened and sends an automated response to the sender reminding them that you do n’t accept attachments .
That way you do n’t even have to deal with opening the files or exposing yourself to viruses .
* In our office , it ’s very inconvenient to pass around an electronic submission from one reader to another .
Why ?
Because you ’re trying to lift a CRT from one desk to another ?
Put the submissions you want others to see into an online collaboration space , like , oh , Google Docs , which is free and dead simple to use .
Heck , several people can look at the same submission at the same time that way , which is actually easier than passing around a paper version .
* I have found it much easier to lose electronic submissions than it is to lose manuscripts .
In this day of GMail and online document space it is in fact almost impossible to lose an electronic submission unless you intentionally delete it ( and if you unintentionally delete it , on GMail at least , you can undo that delete right after ) .
Whereas it is all too easy to lose paper documents in a pile of other paper documents , or on someone else ’s desk , or in a pile of mail , or whatever .
In fact , here in 2009 , the only still “ reasonable ” reason on that list not to accept electronic submissions is this one :
* I hate reading on screen .
Which is fine , but it ’s not actually reasonable , any more than a writer insisting on continuing to use a typewriter is reasonable .
It ’s not reasonable , it ’s a quirk or an affectation , since in this day and age everyone else needs to work around that quirk .
Eventually people wonder why they have to work around a quirk .
Especially for six to nine cents a word .
The real reason “ the big three ” continue only to accept printed submissions is this one : A postage stamp is an excellent bozo filter .
They live in the fear that without that bozo filter they will be awash in substandard submissions from every half - wit with an e-mail address .
I understand that fear , which is why when I edited a humor area for AOL , I required paper submissions , too .
But that was a dozen years ago now , and in the interim when I ’ve worked as an editor I ’ve discovered that the crap level is not really all that much higher online than offline , and that in fact it ’s easier to deal with the obvious crap online than off ( send it to a reject folder ; send out a batch rejection at the end of the reading period ) .
The only real difference is that the population of who is sending you crap is slightly different .
The point is that the “ bozo filter ” defense no longer really works .
I ’ve been writing freelance since 1998 , in which time I ’ve written for corporations , for newspapers , for magazines , for online sites and for several different book publishers .
In all that time , the only things I ’ve been required to print out and send in were W9s and other sorts of contract employment forms , and occasionally an invoice or two .
I ’ve never had to print out work .
On one hand , this is an artifact of me intentionally working with people who accept electronic work .
But on the other hand , it ’s not as if the Washington Post , the Dayton Daily News or the people who make the Uncle John ’s Bathroom Readers are known for being on the absolute bleeding edge of technology , either .
And this is my point : Everyone accepts electronic submissions .
They have for years .
That the “ big three ” science fiction magazine wo n’t accept electronic submissions in this day and age is n’t merely anachronistic in both a business and social sense , it ’s actually a bit embarrassing .
Written science fiction already has enough problems working around the image that it is trapped in its own alternate universe branching off from 1971 ; the fact the major print publications of the genre deal with the electronic era as if it was something to be handled from a great distance , with tongs , is n’t helping any of us .
The editors of the magazines are always talking about how they love seeing new writers , but I ca n’t help but think one of the reasons they have difficulty publishing new writers is that they ’re showing up to the party in the communication equivalent of 70s powder blue polyester leisure suits and trying to assure the kids that seriously , they ’re hip — why , they listen to that groovy cat Dan Folgelberg and everything .
I mean , shit , guys .
Meet 2009 half way , you know ?
I do n’t doubt all three magazines still get hundreds of submissions a month , so there ’s no reason from their point of view to change what they see working for them .
Their choice .
I do suspect they ’re going to miss out on more writers that they are going to need to survive , as these writers ask themselves what “ the big three ” are offering that they ca n’t get elsewhere , and where they ’re not required to jump through a truly pointless hoop like printing out their submissions .
I do n’t really think “ the big three ” are in a position where they can ignore those writers for much longer .
The “ big three ” really are n’t that big any more .
THE Dail 's biggest property owner is involved in a partnership with the two men at the centre of a multi-million Irish Nationwide Building Society ( INBS ) loan inquiry .
Fianna Fail TD Frank
Fahey owns apartments in the centre of Brussels in partnership with suspended INBS manager Noel Harrington , and Limerick developer Ger Clohessy .
According to documents , obtained by the Sunday Independent from the Belgian Land Registry , the three men are partners in a number of properties in Brussels .
Mr Clohessy is a large Limerick property developer whose name is linked to an internal INBS investigation into the handling of accounts at its Limerick branch .
Mr Harrington is the manager of the INBS on Cruises Street in Limerick city .
Mr Harrington and Mr Clohessy own five apartments in Brussels in a three - way split with Mr Fahey , a Galway TD .
Mr Harrington was placed on paid leave by INBS on January 26 and was told an investigation was under way into his own borrowings and lending agreements that the INBS had with Mr Clohessy .
Mr Harrington subsequently took an unsuccessful High Court against INBS in an attempt to put a stop to the internal investigation and to get him restored to his position as manager .
During the court case it emerged that INBS was interested in looking at accounts related to Mr Clohessy , who is alleged to owe INBS € 36 m .
Mr Harrington claimed in his High Court action that INBS were engaged in a " scapegoating exercise " and that the accounts were handled " at a much higher level than me " from the INBS head office in Dublin .
When contacted by the Sunday Independent , Irish Nationwide Building Society refused to comment on the investigation .
Mr Fahey , Mr Clohessy and Mr Harrington jointly bought a property in Brussels in 2005 .
The property at 12 Rue Paul Emile Janson was bought with a loan of over half a million euro from Dexia Bank , a large Belgian Bank .
The property was bought as a house and then developed into five apartments .
These apartments are five of the 15 apartments that Mr Fahey owns in partnership with others in Brussels .
Mr Fahey owns property in Brussels , Portugal , Dubai , Boston and France , as well as all around Ireland .
He has property in Galway , Athlone , Limerick , Dublin , Castlerea and , of course , his own home town of Gort .
Mr Fahey 's wife is also heavily involved in the property business .
Ethelle Fahey is on the board of directors of Sage Construction Limited and BEF Developments Limited , which are both involved in construction , while Kinnicha Grove Management Company Limited is a property management company .
Yesterday , Mr Fahey declined to comment on his involvement with both Mr Clohessy and Mr Harrington .
Mr Fahey told the Dail 's Finance Committee last Monday that he had declared all his property interests in his ' Declaration of Interests ' and he had nothing further to add to those comments .
" With regard to declarations of interest , I confirm that I do not own any bank shares and that my shareholding in property has been declared in my declaration of interests and will not be of any interest to Nama , " he said .
But the Labour Party spokesperson for finance , Joan Burton , said that given the seriousness of the issue at hand , that members of the Oireachtas should make a full declaration of their interests and the interests of all related parties .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 75 people are dead and thousands are trapped under rubble after a strong earthquake shook western Indonesia , officials say .
Buildings , including at least two hospitals , were brought down by the 7.6 magnitude quake , centred about 50 km ( 30 miles ) off the coast of Sumatra .
Officials say the death toll is expected to rise .
It comes hours after a tsunami from a separate quake killed more than 100 people in the South Pacific .
A tsunami watch issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in the wake of the Indonesian quake has been lifted .
Aid ' on the way '
The coastal city of Padang , capital of West Sumatra province , is among the areas hardest hit .
ANALYSIS Karishma Vaswani , BBC News , Jakarta
We 've heard that some of the roads to these areas have been cut off and there are concerns about communications - phone lines and electricity have also been cut off .
Indonesia is no stranger to disasters of this sort - the ability to reach people is often criticised and one of the hospitals nearest the epicentre has also collapsed , so there are real concerns about how to get to the places most affected .
At least six disaster management teams are on their way to the city of Padang .
We 've been told it will take up to 10 hours to get to the areas most affected .
Vice - President Jusuf Kalla said the death toll was likely to continue to rise sharply , as so many buildings including schools , shops and hotels had collapsed .
" We do n't know the identity of the victims yet , it 's night - time now so it 's dark .
People are trapped , hotels have collapsed , schools have collapsed , houses have collapsed and electricity has been cut off , " he said , quoted by AFP news agency .
Health Minister Siti Fadilah Supari said the quake was one of the biggest in Indonesia in recent years .
" This is a high - scale disaster , more powerful than the earthquake in Yogyakarta in 2006 when more than 3,000 people died , " he said .
Rustam Pakaya , head of the health ministry 's crisis centre , said a major city hospital was among the collapsed buildings .
At least six rescue teams were on their way to Padang from neighbouring provinces , he said , but would not arrive for at least 10 hours .
Local media reported the roof of the city 's airport had also collapsed .
Mukhlis Rahman , mayor of the Pariaman District , one of the worst hit areas , said the weather was hindering efforts to clear up after the disaster .
'' The quake was followed by a very heavy rain .
Many houses and some building are flattened in my area .
But I can not yet verify too much .
We will try to compile the data and distribute aid once the rain subsides , '' he told the BBC .
' Extreme panic ' MAJOR INDONESIAN QUAKES 26 Dec 2004 : Asian tsunami kills 170,000 in Indonesia alone 28 March 2005 : About 1,300 killed after a magnitude 8.7 quake hits the coast of Sumatra 27 May 2006 : Quake hits ancient city of Yogyakarta , killing 5,000 17 July 2006 : A tsunami after a 7.7 magnitude quake in West Java province kills 550 people
In pictures : Sumatra earthquake Animated guide : Earthquakes Witnesses said residents ran out of buildings in Padang - which has a population of 900,000 - and surrounding cities .
" A number of hotels in Padang have been destroyed , " Rahmat Triyono , from the Indonesian geophysics and meteorology agency , told AFP news agency .
" Up to now we have n't been able to reach Padang , communications have been cut , " Mr Triyono added .
An unnamed witness told Reuters there was " extreme panic " in the city , with bridges down and flooding caused by broken water pipes .
The earthquake struck at 1716 local time ( 1016 GMT ) some 85 km under the sea , north - west of Padang , the US Geological Survey said .
Reports said the shaking could be felt in high buildings in the capital , Jakarta , and was also felt in Singapore and Malaysia .
The quake was along the same fault line that spawned the 2004 Asian tsunami that killed more than 230,000 people in a dozen countries .
That much more powerful earthquake struck roughly 600 km north - west of Padang .
Geologists have long warned that Padang could one day be completely destroyed by an earthquake because of its location .
Western Sumatra is a mainly rural area with dense tropical forest .
It has several national parks and many of its beaches are popular with surfers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We agree .
That is why we , as a Democratic state senator and former Republican state representative , support state Senate Bill 5615 .
This bill would reclassify adult possession of marijuana from a crime carrying a mandatory day in jail to a civil infraction imposing a $ 100 penalty payable by mail .
The bill makes a lot of sense , especially in this time of severely strapped budgets .
Our state Office of Financial Management reported annual savings of $ 16 million and $ 1 million in new revenue if SB 5615 passes .
Of that $ 1 million , $ 590,000 would be earmarked for the Washington State Criminal Justice Treatment Account to increase support of our underfunded drug - treatment and drug- prevention services .
The idea of decriminalizing marijuana is far from new .
In 1970 , Congress created the National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse .
A bipartisan body with 13 members — nine appointed by President Nixon and four by Congress — the commission was tasked with conducting a yearlong , authoritative study of marijuana .
When the commission issued its report , " Marijuana : A Signal of Misunderstanding , " in 1972 , it surprised many by recommending decriminalization :
Possession of marijuana in private for personal use would no longer be an offense ; and distribution of small amounts of marijuana for no remuneration or insignificant remuneration not involving profit would no longer be an offense .
Twelve states took action and decriminalized marijuana in the 1970s .
Nevada decriminalized in 2001 , and Massachusetts did so in 2008 .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , states where marijuana possession is decriminalized represent more than 35 percent of our nation 's population .
These states have not seen a corresponding increase in use .
Nor have the 14 states that have adopted legal protections for patients whose doctors recommend the medical use of marijuana .
Nor the several cities and counties that have adopted " lowest law enforcement priority " ordinances like Seattle 's Initiative 75 , which made adult marijuana use the city 's lowest law enforcement priority in 2003 .
On the flip side of the coin , escalating law enforcement against marijuana users has not achieved its intended goals .
From 1991 to 2007 , marijuana arrests nationwide tripled from 287,900 to a record 872,720 , comprising 47 percent of all drug arrests combined .
Of those , 89 percent were for possession only .
Nevertheless , according to a study released earlier this year by two University of Washington faculty members :
• The price of marijuana has dropped ;
• Its average potency has increased ;
• It has become more readily available ; and
• Use rates have often increased during times of escalating enforcement .
We now have decades of proof that treating marijuana use as a crime is a failed strategy .
It continues to damage the credibility of our public health officials and compromise our public safety .
At a fundamental level , it has eroded our respect for the law and what it means to be charged with a criminal offense : 40 percent of Americans have tried marijuana at some point in their lives .
It can not be that 40 percent of Americans truly are criminals .
We hope that the citizens of this state will work with us to help pass SB 5615 , the right step for Washington to take toward a more effective , less costly and fairer approach to marijuana use .
State Sen. Jeanne Kohl - Welles , Seattle , left , chairs the Senate Labor , Commerce & Consumer Protection Committee .
Toby Nixon was state representative for the 45th legislative district , 2002 - 2006 , and served as vice - chair of the House Republican Caucus and ranking member of the House Committee on State Government Operations and Accountability .
Source : Seattle Times ( WA )
Author : Jeanne Kohl - Welles and Toby Nixon , Special To The Times
Published : Thursday , August 20 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 The Seattle Times Company
Contact : opinion@seatimes.com
Website : http://www.seattletimes.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/nIK1rqKH
CannabisNews -- Cannabis Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/cannabis.shtml
Senator Charles E. Schumer , the New York Democrat and a member of the Finance committee , said on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” that President Obama “ believes strongly in a public option . ”
He argued that a government plan was imperative because it would introduce competition in the industry .
In 40 of the 50 states , he said , as few as two companies rule the private health insurance market .
A government program , he said , “ does n’t have to make a profit or merchandise as much , so its costs are probably 20 percent lower . ”
But on the same show , Senator Orrin G. Hatch , the Utah Republican and a member of the same finance panel , predicted that “ tens of millions of people will go into the government plan ” against their will .
And , he added , the problem with government plans like Medicare is they are not sufficiently financed .
Medicare , he said , will go bankrupt within 10 years .
“ The costs of the government plan will be astronomical , ” he said .
“ Keep in mind , in Medicare they pay doctors 20 percent less , they pay hospitals 30 percent less .
Guess where those costs are transferred ?
They ’re transferred to the people who have private health insurance , and the average private health insurance policy goes up about $ 1,800 a year just to pay for what the government fails to pay for in their current government plan . ”
But on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation , ” Howard B. Dean , former governor of Vermont and former chair of the Democratic National Committee , said a government program would be far cheaper than any private alternatives .
Mr. Dean said that only 80 percent of the revenue of private insurance companies goes to medical care while the rest becomes profits for investors in the insurance company and for costs like administration .
With Medicare , he said , 96 percent of revenue ends up being spent on actual health care .
Senator McCain said President Obama is as much to blame as Republicans for the paralysis on health care legislation because “ the president has not come forward with a plan of his own . ”
He lamented the absence of Senator Kennedy , who is ailing with brain cancer , from the Congressional debate .
Senator Kennedy , he said , has had “ a unique way ” of getting Senators “ sitting down at the table and making the right concessions . ”
While Mr. McCain rejected the term “ death panels ”  deployed by his running mate , Sarah Palin  but he said that the language in some bills would have created boards to decide what procedures would be allowed for the terminally sick and dying .
Erstmals seit 1998 wieder Mehrheit für CDU im Osten
Der Osten Deutschlands wird wieder konservativer .
Zum ersten Mal seit 1998 verdrängt die CDU unter Führung der aus dem Osten stammenden Kanzlerin Angela Merkel wieder bei einer Bundestagswahl auch in den neuen Ländern die SPD von Platz 1 .
Nach einer Infratest - dimap - Hochrechnung liegt die CDU mit 29,4 Prozent vorn .
Die SPD stürzt dagegen ostweit dramatisch auf 17,8 Prozent ab .
Für die Linke errechneten die Wahlanalysten Platz 2 mit rund 27,5 Prozent .
Die Grünen und die FDP konnten wie bundesweit auch überall im Osten zulegen .
dpa
Ulla Schmidt verliert Wahlkreis an Ärztefunktionär
Bundesgesundheitsministerin Ulla Schmidt ( SPD ) hat ihren Wahlkreis Aachen - Stadt an den Ärztefunktionär Rudolf Henke verloren .
Der Bundesvorsitzende des Marburger Bundes und bisherige CDU - Landtagsabgeordnete
Henke lag mit 37,5 Prozent vorn , wie die Stadt Aachen im Internet mitteilte .
Schmidt erreichte nur knapp 32 Prozent .
ddp
Cem Özdemir zieht nicht in Bundestag ein
Der Grünen - Bundesvorsitzende Cem Özdemir wird dem neuen Bundestag nicht angehören .
Nach dem vorläufigen Ergebnis scheiterte Özdemir im Wahlkreis Stuttgart I mit dem Versuch , über ein Direktmandat ins Parlament einzuziehen .
Zwar konnte er am Sonntag mit einem Erststimmenanteil von 29,9 Prozent einen Achtungserfolg verbuchen .
Der Wahlkreis ging aber an den CDU - Kandidaten Stefan Kaufmann , der 34,4 Prozent der Erststimmen auf sich vereinen konnte .
ddp
Von der Leyen verpasst Direktmandat
Bundesfamilienministerin Ursula von der Leyen ( CDU ) hat ihr Direktmandat verpasst .
Sie musste sich am Sonntag in ihrem Wahlkreis Hannover II der früheren Bundesministerin Edelgard Bulmahn ( SPD ) geschlagen geben .
Von der Leyen kam auf 31,9 Prozent der Stimmen .
Sie zieht aber als Nummer eins der CDU - Landesliste in den Bundestag ein.
dpa
Ilkhanipours Putschversuch in der Hamburger SPD gescheitert
Der parteiinterne Putschversuch an SPD - Politiker Niels Annen im Hamburger Wahlkreis Eimsbüttel ist gescheitert .
SPD - Jungpolitiker Danial Ilkhanipour konnte in dem ansonsten für die Sozialdemokraten sicheren Wahlkreis nicht das Direktmandat holen .
Stattdessen zieht der CDU - Politiker Rüdiger Kruse mit 30,7 Prozent der Stimmen in den Bundestag ein .
Ilkhanipour blieb mit 24,2 Prozent sogar hinter der Grünen - Kandidatin Krista Sager ( 26,2 Prozent ) zurück .
AP
Guttenberg erzielt trotz CSU - Absturz deutlich mehr Erststimmen
Bundeswirtschaftsminister Karl - Theodor zu Guttenberg ( CSU ) hat in seinem Wahlkreis Kulmbach mehr Erststimmen erzielt als vor vier Jahren .
Der Bundestagsabgeordnete , der bei der Wahl im Jahr 2005 insgesamt 60 Prozent der Erststimmen erzielt hatte , liegt laut dem Landesamt für Statistik und Datenverarbeitung bei 68,1 Prozent und ist somit wiedergewählt .
Damit konnte Guttenberg trotz des Absturzes seiner Partei ein Plus von rund acht Prozent einfahren .
ddp
Maria Böhmer gewinnt Kohl - Wahlkreis
Was Helmut Kohl nie gelang , ist Maria Böhmer ( CDU ) gelungen : Die bisherige Ausländerbeauftragte der Bundesregierung holte das Direktmandat im Wahlkreis Ludwigshafen / Frankenthal in Rheinland - Pfalz .
Wie der Bundeswahlleiter in Berlin am Sonntag mitteilte , bekam Böhmer 38,4 Prozent der Erststimmen .
2005 hatte noch die SPD - Politikerin Doris Barnett den Wahlkreis gewonnen .
AP
Westerwelle in Bonn stark , SPD gewinnt Direktmandat
Die SPD hat das Direktmandat im Wahlkreis Bonn verteidigt .
Wie die Stadt auf ihrer Internetseite mitteilte , lag der SPD - Kandidat Ulrich Kelber mit 33,3 Prozent vor der CDU , die etwa 31 Prozent erreichte .
FDP - Chef Guido Westerwelle fuhr rund 19 Prozent der Erststimmen ein. ( ddp )
The ability to research new technologies was and always will be a central aspect of any space strategy game .
Much of the fun in this type of games comes from witnessing the evolution of a society in the long run on all its different aspects : entertainment , culture , life quality , biology , production , governments , communications , materials , propulsion engines , weapons , new types of ships , etc .
New technologies unlock new possibilities , new opportunities and new toys to play with .
In the past many games tried many variants of “ tech trees ” , as they are vulgarly called .
A tech tree is a collection of technologies that can be researched and all the possible investigation paths that lead to the next discoveries and so forth .
You can see this in space strategy games as you can see this also in many other types of strategy games ( like Civilization IV for example ) .
Predictability and lack of Re-playability
Some games offer simpler and smaller technology trees , others present more complex and diverse research paths .
As this is satisfying in the beginning unfortunately soon enough the games start to lose their re-playability since the possible technologies to research are already known from the start and the technology investigation looses its interest .
Normally all races have at their disposal the same tech tree to research for and players tend to beeline ( focus ) on specific technologies that they already know the path to reach for which turns the games very predictable and ultimately boring to replay .
Master of Orion Research
In the recent past GalCiv2 tried to give its technology trees a little more salt and pepper by providing specialized tech trees for each race which means that every race supposedly has its own tech tree with special and unique technologies .
As very interesting that this may sound at first soon enough it looses its full potential since in most cases the “ specialized ” just means a different tech tree shuffle , re-ordering , subset or superset .
This is a good start but not in my opinion what we are ultimately looking for technology research .
Dynamic and Specialized Research : an Innovative and Realistic approach
It is fine that tech trees can be customized for specific races however I think we did not hit the mark yet .
To increase the re-playability and realistic factors a better idea would be to have complete or at least some degree of uncertainty regarding what technologies could be researched next .
Think about it , there are areas to research as always but the exact technologies are still not available to choose from in the beginning .
Instead of researching , for example , the “ Universal Translator ” the player would be researching in the field of “ Communications ” and a possible breakthrough could be the “ Universal Translator ” but could also be “ Subspace communications ” or “ Xeno Diplomacy Relations ” .
All of these possibilities could be available to unlock in a particular game but not available in the next .
The exact technologies to be unlocked would depend on certain factors .
In spite Sword of the Stars has already did some work in this area I think much still needs to be addressed .
An example :
A certain Race “ R ” is very creative by nature but their members lack personality or charisma .
This would make them prone to discover some kinds of technologies in favor of others .
When researching in the field of “ Diplomacy ” Race “ R ” would be more keen to discover high technological gadgets to increase diplomacy ( like the “ Universal Translator ” for example ) but would be less keen on making breakthroughs on social aspects of the “ Diplomacy ” technology and so it would be more difficult to breakthrough “ Alliances ” ( or Advanced Intergalactic Governments ) or “ Trade ” ( or Advanced Trade ) .
The innovation behind this is that it would not be impossible for the race to discover “ Advanced Trade ” , it would just mean that would be less likely to happen .
Certain perks , bonuses , events or player decisions throughout the game would influence the ability to make breakthroughs more in one area than another .
An example list of “ factors ” that could contribute to a certain player prowess to certain technologies would be :
An ancestor ruin is discovered
Special artifacts were found on planets
Unexpected contact with alien races that shares knowledge ( with the “ correct ” approach / answer )
Luck
Race characteristics
Decisions made on certain actions like colonizing , government decisions
Previous breakthroughs
Planet events
Special people ( specialists ) born in the planets
Conclusion on Dynamic and Specialized Research
The uncertainty factor in research is very realistic and the possibility for a player to specialize in a specific technological field due to in - game events and decisions is also very attractive .
These aspects of technology research would most definitely increase game re-playability and not only that it would give the player more sense of being in command of its empire with its own gameplay style .
Some players would be more prone to research in the field of “ Diplomacy ” others more specialized in the field of “ Weapons ” others in the field of “ Spaceship hulls ” , others still were a bit luckier and discovered a very difficult or unreachable by normal means technology .
This would be very interesting since then alliances would have a new meaning .
Each race could be specialized in certain types of technologies , the kind that the player is interested or destined by fate to have .
Subscribe RSS
Related Articles :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The EU should sink boats carrying illegal immigrants to prevent them entering Europe , British National Party leader Nick Griffin has told the BBC .
The MEP for the North - West of England said the EU had to get " very tough " with migrants from sub-Saharan Africa .
Pressed on what should happen to those on board , he said : " Throw them a life raft and they can go back to Libya " .
Libya has long been a staging post for migrants from Egypt and sub-Saharan Africa wanting to reach Europe .
Nearly 37,000 immigrants landed on Italian shores last year , an increase of about 75 % on the year before .
But with the prospect of a new immigration and asylum policy being voted on this autumn by MEPs , Mr Griffin is advocating measures to destroy boats used by illegal immigrants to reach the EU 's southern coastline .
' Combating the flow '
In an interview with this week 's edition of BBC Parliament 's The Record Europe , he said : " If there 's measures to set up some kind of force or to help , say the Italians , set up a force which actually blocks the Mediterranean then we 'd support that .
Europe has sooner or later to close its borders or its simply going to be swamped by the Third World
Nick Griffin MEP
" But the only measure , sooner or later , which is going to stop immigration and stop large numbers of sub-Saharan Africans dying on the way to get over here is to get very tough with those coming over .
" Frankly , they need to sink several of those boats .
" Anyone coming up with measures like that we 'll support but anything which is there as a 'oh , we need to do something about it ' but in the end doing something about it means bringing them into Europe ' we will oppose . "
The interviewer , BBC Correspondent Shirin
Wheeler , said : " I do n't think the EU is in the business of murdering people at sea . "
Mr Griffin replied : " I did n't say anyone should be murdered at sea - I say boats should be sunk , they can throw them a life raft and they can go back to Libya .
" But Europe has sooner or later to close its borders or its simply going to be swamped by the Third World . "
In May , the Italian government gave Libya three patrol boats as part of a deal aimed at combating the flow of illegal migrants making the crossing to Italy .
Italian Interior Minister Roberto Maroni , a member of the anti-immigration Lega Nord party , hailed the first 200 migrants picked up by the boats and returned to Libya as an " historic " moment .
But human rights groups have raised concerns about Italy sending migrants back to Libya without first screening them for asylum claims or to discover whether they are sick , injured , unaccompanied children or victims of human trafficking .
Libya has no functioning asylum system and is not a party to the 1951 UN convention relating to the status of refugees .
' Influence ' Separately Mr Griffin , who will next week formally take up his seat in Brussels , has admitted that the BNP has failed to convince other like - minded parties to form an alliance in the new European Parliament .
Talks with France 's Front National , Lega Nord , and other groups fell apart , with Lega Nord now joining the new Europe of Freedom and Democracy group , led by Britain 's UK Independence Party .
Mr Griffin told The Parliament.com : " We needed at least 25 members from seven different member states to form a group .
There is no doubt that we would have been able to wield a lot more influence if we could have formed a group .
" No one was prepared to commit themselves knowing that we had not got Lega Nord on board .
" Even so , we will continue to work together with these other groups and share ideas .
We will have less access to things like speaking time and committee votes but it 's too bad . "
The BNP advocates British withdrawal from the European Union and an end to all immigration to the UK and last month won its first two seats in the European Parliament .
Mr Griffin and the party 's other recently - elected MEP Andrew Brons will sit in the " non-attached " section of the Parliament , which means they will be entitled to less administrative and financial support .
You can watch the full interview with Nick Griffin on The Record Europe on BBC Parliament , BBC World and the BBC News Channel on Saturday and on the programme 's website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dear Topeak ,
I was under the impression that your products were well designed .
I found myself buying several of them because of various design points , plus how easy it is to find your products in the store .
Often times , the only two options were Topeak and the cheap store brand .
I had one of your Mountain Morph pumps and a Mini 18 , but it was stolen with my bike over a year ago .
When I got a new bike , I thought I ’d buy a new Mountain Morph pump , except that you changed the design so that it did n’t have a gauge anymore so purchased one of your Pocket Rocket Master Blaster pumps instead , plus a new Mini 18 + , and a large Aero Wedge Pack with the fixer .
Now , the pump was a little clunky .
The way I had to re-arrange the inner bits of the pump chuck if I wanted to help a fellow cyclist who had Presta valves when I had it set for Schrader was annoying .
But it seemed to work , so I did n’t worry about it too much .
Except that about two months ago , I realized that it was n’t pumping anymore .
I had figured that it was just because I ’d been commuting in the rain all winter .
So , I figured I ’d get a new pump , given that the latest crop of pumps looked like they handled switching between Presta and Schrader much better .
So I picked up the Peak DX II .
I had a flat on Friday and the fixer latch on my aero bag broke .
Also , try as I could , I could n’t get the pressure of my tire over about 30 psi with the pump .
I also found that it was basically impossible to get the pump on a Presta valve without deflating the tire .
Because 30 psi was n’t enough for a tire that ’s rated on the sidewall up to 80 psi , I grabbed my Genuine Innovations CO2 inflater and realized that they had a perfectly functional chuck that does Presta valves or Schrader valves without needing to change parts or deflating the tire while I ’m monkeying with the chuck .
Today , while riding to work , I discovered that the whole chuck assembly of my pump had fallen off .
I should add that I ’ve actuated the latching mechanism on my aero bag maybe 20 times .
At most .
Now , I ’m realizing that there ’s a problem .
It ’s not just that pumps do n’t last so long if you ride in the rain , it ’s that the dust cap on my old Master Blaster only worked when it was set for Presta valves and mine was set for Schrader valves .
It ’s not that nobody can make a chuck that works well with presta or schrader , it ’s that Topeak does n’t make a chuck that works either way .
And it ’s not a random thing , either .
Topeak parts are no more reliable than cheap store brand , but they do cost more .
Now , unlike some bike products like bells or fenders or cyclecomputers , if my saddle bag falls off while I ’m riding , I ’ve lost my tools and spare tube .
If my pump breaks , I wo n’t be able to inflate a tire when I flat .
These are products that stand directly between me and walking ten miles off a mountain trail with my bike over my shoulder .
I might be able to afford paying more than a store brand for something that looks nicer , but I nothing is going to make me comfortable going many miles from home where I have to trust a company that has made so many parts that have failed me in the past .
Given that at least the last pump lasted me a year or so before it failed and the new pump lasted maybe a month , I ca n’t help but feel that your quality is on the decline .
Thus , I am not replacing my Topeak under - saddle wedge bag with another Topeak bag .
I now have a pump and a CO2 inflator , neither one from your company .
And , unless there is literally no other option , I will not be buying any Topeak , Allay , OnGuard , or ergon products at any point in the future .
Until recently , bikes were merely fashionable .
Lately , it seems , they are fashion  and they do n’t have to be ultraexpensive novelty items to qualify .
As fashion companies start marketing bicycles and bike gear , Mr. Dutreil , a supporter of bicycle - advocacy programs in New York , said he wants to see more cyclists pedaling around in high style , just like that woman in the Randall photograph .
“ An elegant lady or man , ” he said , “ on a bike that is elegant , that ’s really the new art of living . ”
Image Cynthia Rowley on one of her beach cruisers during her spring 2008 show in New York .
Credit ...
Thomas Concordia / WireImage - Getty Images
But some purists worry that their beloved bikes are being turned into a showy status symbol .
“ There is definitely a downside to biking when bikes become a fashion fad , ” Wendy Booher , 39 , a cycling journalist in Somerville , Mass . , wrote in an e-mail message .
“ If you unleash a herd of teetering , wobbly fashionistas into city streets without any real knowledge of how to ride a bike in traffic , accidents can ( and likely will ) happen . ”
Birgitte Philippides , a makeup artist who has been a bike commuter in New York for 20 years , said she finds amusing the idea of riding a shiny “ It ” bike in a city where you need to chain down your beater Murray three - speed with two Kryptonite locks .
“ The fancy - schmancy bikes , the ones you see in the Paul Smith windows , you could n’t leave that out on the street for two minutes , ” she said .
Civilians with the power to issue fines must be vetted and trained
New police - style powers being given to civilians could create a third - tier police force , magistrates have warned .
Powers introduced in autumn 2008 mean over 1,400 people can issue penalty notices and instant fines for offences from dog fouling to public disorder .
The Magistrates ' Association in England and Wales is concerned about bouncers and private security staff having access to the police database .
The Home Office says those using the powers have been vetted and trained .
Private security firms employ staff to guard buildings and manage entry into nightclubs .
Under the new scheme bouncers and security staff will have the authority to stop cars for checking and issue fines and penalty notices .
The powers are granted by chief constables , and those who are accredited must undergo vetting and training and wear badges and uniforms approved by their local police force .
Because tickets are not issued to those with criminal records , as such cases are dealt with through the courts , accredited staff must check the Police National Computer .
John Howson , deputy chairman of the Magistrates ' Association of England and Wales , told the Times newspaper that he was concerned about this .
" We do n't think it is appropriate for these people to have that access , " he said .
Mr Howson added that the scheme creates a " third - tier " force below police and community support officers .
Top Industries 2005 - 2010
SELECT A CYCLE 2016 2014 2012 2010 2008 2006 2004 2002 2000 1998 Career
SELECT A PROFILE Campaign Committee Only Leadership PAC Profile Only Campaign Committee & Leadership PAC Combined
Industry Favorite
Harry Reid is a top recipient from the following industries in the 2009 - 2010 election cycle :
Top 20 Industries Contributing to Campaign Committee
Top : 20 100
What is District Rank ? more info
Member Rank District Rank Industry Total Individuals PACs 1 4 Lawyers / Law Firms $ 3,722,702 $ 3,375,057 $ 347,645 2 11 Securities & Investment $ 1,361,078 $ 1,178,078 $ 183,000 3 38 Lobbyists $ 1,082,190 $ 1,051,049 $ 31,141 4 5 Real Estate $ 943,271 $ 836,095 $ 107,176 5 3 Health Professionals $ 836,906 $ 508,506 $ 328,400 6 1 Casinos / Gambling $ 774,672 $ 712,250 $ 62,422 7 2 Retired $ 768,648 $ 768,648 $0 8 6 Business Services $ 562,290 $ 521,290 $ 41,000 9 22 Leadership PACs $ 530,449 $ 0 $ 530,449 10 29 Insurance $ 489,500 $ 255,500 $ 234,000 11 16 TV / Movies / Music $ 468,550 $ 383,550 $ 85,000 12 8 Misc Finance $ 432,009 $ 398,509 $ 33,500 13 41 Pharmaceuticals / Health Products $ 399,608 $ 128,758 $ 270,850 14 15 Electronics Mfg & Equip $ 399,315 $ 263,453 $ 135,862 15 44 Hospitals / Nursing Homes $ 342,050 $ 179,850 $ 162,200 16 20 Education $ 292,850 $ 272,850 $ 20,000 17 75 Pro-Israel $ 291,833 $ 217,923 $ 73,910 18 19 Health Services / HMOs $ 290,050 $ 161,000 $ 129,050 19 7 Lodging / Tourism $ 247,200 $ 174,900 $ 72,300 20 64 Telecom Services $ 245,600 $ 138,400 $ 107,200
Sector Totals
Sector Total Individuals PACs Agribusiness $ 353,485 $ 133,250 $ 220,235 Communications / Electronics $ 1,419,315 $ 987,453 $ 431,862 Construction $ 512,050 $ 354,500 $ 157,550 Defense $ 176,400 $ 78,400 $ 98,000 Energy & Natural Resources $ 653,209 $ 415,099 $ 238,110 Finance , Insurance & Real Estate $ 3,818,841 $ 2,991,865 $ 826,976 Health $ 1,936,614 $ 1,043,614 $ 893,000 Lawyers & Lobbyists $ 4,804,892 $ 4,426,106 $ 378,786 Transportation $ 483,302 $ 244,802 $ 238,500 Misc Business $ 2,616,550 $ 2,096,428 $ 520,122 Labor $ 444,000 $ 7,700 $ 436,300 Ideological / Single - Issue $ 1,390,249 $ 609,310 $ 780,939 Other $ 1,346,668 $ 1,313,668 $ 33,000
Percent of Contributions Categorized
Categorized : 91.83 % Uncategorized : 8.17 % Categorized $ 20,009,794 91.83 % Uncategorized $ 1,779,265 8.17 %
METHODOLOGY
The figures profiled here include money from two sources :
These contributors were either the sponsors of a PAC that gave to the politician , or they were listed as an individual donor 's employer .
Donors who give more than $ 200 to any federal candidate , PAC or party committee must list their occupation and employer .
Based on that information , the donor is given an economic code .
These totals are conservative , as not all of the individual contributions have yet been classified by the Center .
In cases where two or more people from the same family contributed , the income - earner 's occupation / employer is assigned to all non -wage earning family members .
If , for instance , Henry Jones lists his employer as First National Bank , his wife Matilda lists " Homemaker " and 12 - year old Tammy shows up as " Student , " the Center would identify all their contributions as being related to the " First National Bank " since that 's the source of the family 's income .
Although individual contributions are generally categorized based on the donor 's occupation / employer , in some cases individuals may be classified instead as ideological donors .
A contribution to a candidate may be given an ideological code , rather than an economic code , if the contributor gives to an ideological political action committee AND the candidate has received money from PACs representing that same ideological interest .
NOTE : All the numbers on this page are for the 2005 - 2010 Senate election cycle and based on Federal Election Commission data available electronically on February 04 , 2013 .
( " Help !
The numbers do n't add up ... " )
WHY DON'T THE NUMBERS ADD UP ?
Sometimes it's hard to make apple - to - apple comparisons across some of the pages in a candidate 's profile .
Here 's why : Summary numbers - specifically " Total Raised and Spent " and " PAC / Individual Split " - are based on summary reports filed by the candidates with the Federal Election Commission .
All other numbers in these profiles ( " Quality of Disclosure , " " Geography " and " Special Interests " ) are derived from detailed FEC reports that itemize all contributions of $ 200 or more .
There is also a time lag in posting the information .
While summary numbers are reported almost immediately by the FEC -- and listed quickly on OpenSecrets -- processing and analyzing the detailed records takes much longer .
For that reason , summary numbers are usually higher ( and more current ) than the numbers based on detailed records .
HOW CURRENT ARE THESE FIGURES ?
The figures in these profiles are taken from databases uploaded by the FEC to the internet on the first day of every month .
Those databases are only as current as the FEC has been able to compile by that date ( see the note above about lag times for data entry ) .
The Center updates figures for " Total Raised and Spent " and for " PAC / Individual Split " a few days after the first of the month .
The remaining figures - based on detailed contribution data - is updated by the Center after the 20th of every month .
This gives us time to analyze the contributions and categorize them by industry and interest group .
Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : info [ at ] crp.org
WAUSAU , Wis. - A central Wisconsin man accused of killing his 11 - year - old daughter by praying instead of seeking medical care was found guilty Saturday of second - degree reckless homicide .
Dale Neumann , 47 , was convicted in the March 23 , 2008 , death of his daughter , Madeline , from undiagnosed diabetes .
Prosecutors contended he should have rushed the girl to a hospital because she could n't walk , talk , eat or drink .
Instead , Madeline died on the floor of the family 's rural Weston home as people surrounded her and prayed .
Someone called 911 when she stopped breathing .
Sitting straight in his chair , Neumann stared at the jury as the verdict in a nearly empty courtroom was read .
Defense attorney Jay Kronenwetter said the verdict would be appealed .
He declined to comment further .
Prosecutors also declined to comment , citing a gag order .
Leilani Neumann , 41 , was convicted on the same charge in the spring .
Marathon County Circuit Judge Vincent Howard set Oct. 6 for sentencing for both parents , who face up to 25 years in prison .
Their case is believed to be the first in Wisconsin involving faith healing in which someone died and another person was charged with a homicide .
Last month , an Oregon jury convicted a man of misdemeanor criminal mistreatment for relying on prayer instead of seeking medical care for his 15 - month - old daughter who died of pneumonia and a blood infection in March 2008 .
Neumann 's jury - six men and six women - deliberated about 15 hours over two days before convicting him .
At one point , jurors asked the judge whether Neumann 's belief in faith healing made him " not liable " for not taking his daughter to the hospital even if he knew she was n't feeling well .
Neumann , who once studied to be a Pentecostal minister , testified Thursday that he believed God would heal his daughter and that he never expected her to die .
God promises in the Bible to heal , he said .
" If I go to the doctor , I am putting the doctor before God , " he testified .
" I am not believing what he said he would do . "
The father testified that he thought Madeline had the flu or a fever , and several relatives and family friends said they also did not realize how sick she was .
Assistant District Attorney LaMont Jacobson told jurors in closing arguments Friday that Neumann was " overwhelmed by pride " in his interpretation of the Bible and selfishly let Madeline die as a test of faith .
Abdel - Latif Moussa was surrounded by armed supporters in the mosque
The leader of a radical Islamist group involved in a shootout with Hamas in Gaza is one of at least 24 people killed in the raid , reports say .
Abdul - Latif Moussa died in an explosion , officials said , but it was not clear whether he blew himself up .
On Friday Hamas , which controls Gaza , launched a bloody crackdown on the group , Jund Ansar Allah , after it declared an " Islamic emirate " .
Scores were injured in the attack , on a mosque in Rafah , near the Egypt border .
Hamas also stormed Abdul - Latif Moussa 's house .
' Hasty declaration '
The fighting lasted seven hours and ended at about midnight on Friday .
JUND ANSAR ALLAH
Name means " Soldiers of the Followers of God " Member of Salafist movement , advocating return to the type of Islam practised at the time of the Prophet Muhammad Wants to establish Islamic emirate throughout Middle East Calls for strict enforcement of Sharia law , says Hamas is too liberal Several hundred sympathisers in southern Gaza
Profile : Jund Ansar Allah Hamas 's Gaza challengers
Followers of the group said Abdul Latif - Moussa blew himself up in a crowd of Hamas police , but Hamas has denied this .
Six Hamas fighters , including a senior commander , and one civilian died .
The rest of those killed were from Jund Ansar Allah .
About 120 people were injured , with some in a critical condition , the BBC's Rushdi Abu Alouf says .
The Hamas spokesman , Tahir al - Nunu , said : " We hold Abdul - Latif Moussa and his followers fully responsible for what happened because of his hasty declaration during Friday prayers of a so - called ' Islamic emirate ' . "
The Jund Ansar Allah ( Soldiers of the Followers of God ) is thought to be inspired by al - Qaeda .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Mr Nunu said : " Anyone who belongs to this group has to immediately hand himself and his weapons over to the Palestinian police and security forces . "
Another Hamas official , Sami Abu Zuhri , branded the cleric 's speech " wrong thinking " .
Sealed off Hamas fighters on Friday fired rocket - propelled grenades at Ibn - Taymiyah mosque , where at least 100 Jund Ansar Allah supporters were holed up .
These declarations [ of an Islamic emirate ] are aimed towards incitement against the Gaza Strip
Ismail Haniya ,
leader of Hamas in Gaza
The entire neighbourhood was sealed off as the shooting continued after dark - in what was one of the most violent incidents in the Hamas - controlled Gaza Strip since an Israeli offensive in December and January .
Abdul - Latif Moussa and his armed supporters had sworn to fight to the death rather than hand over authority of the mosque to Hamas .
During his own Friday sermon , the leader of Hamas in Gaza , Ismail Haniya , dismissed Mr Moussa 's comments .
" These declarations [ of an Islamic emirate ] are aimed towards incitement against the Gaza Strip and an attempt at recruiting an international alliance against the Gaza Strip .
" And we warn those who are behind these Israeli Zionist declarations : the Gaza Strip only contains its people . "
Jund Ansar
Allah gained some prominence two months ago when it staged a failed attack on horseback on a border crossing between Gaza and Israel .
The group is very critical of Hamas , which seized control of Gaza in 2007 , accusing the Islamist group of not being Islamist enough .
Hamas has cracked down hard on al - Qaeda - inspired groups in the past , the BBC's Middle East correspondent Katya Adler says .
Hamas is concerned they may attract more extremist members , and has forbidden anyone except what it describes as Hamas security personnel from carrying weapons in Gaza , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
· Liver shortage means help should be more targeted · Support needed to stop relapses into drinking
The surgeon who performed George Best 's liver transplant says urgent measures are needed to identify patients who are likely to abuse alcohol after their operations , so they can be kicked off hospital waiting lists .
Nigel Heaton , who heads the liver unit at King 's College hospital in London and carried out the former Manchester United footballer 's operation in 2002 , said the shortage of liver donors has increased pressure on surgeons to pick patients who are likely to benefit most from transplant operations .
" Livers are in short supply and the waiting list has grown over the past two to three years .
If you knew someone was going to be recidivist you would n't take them on for a transplant .
The problem is there 's just no way of spotting who those people are , " said Prof Heaton .
Best , who yesterday remained in intensive care at the Cromwell hospital in London after suffering a kidney infection , satisfied surgeons that he was suitable for a liver transplant in 2002 after suffering alcohol - induced cirrhosis .
But since his operation , he has resumed drinking against the advice of his doctor .
" We need to develop means of assessing patients to identify those who are inevitably going to go back to alcohol so we can exclude them , " said Prof Heaton .
" We also need to devise more stringent strategies to prevent them going back to alcohol once the transplant has been performed . "
Liver transplants are a last resort for many alcoholics who have developed alcohol - related diseases such as cirrhosis .
Shortly after his transplant operation , Best was fitted with an implant designed to make it painful to drink alcohol .
The implant , which is typically placed under the fat around the stomach , releases a drug into the blood stream that prevents the body breaking down alcohol properly .
Drinking with the implant in place leads to a rise in toxins in the blood known as aldehydes that can lead to violent convulsions , palpitations and changes in blood pressure .
" The problem with the implants is that they only last up to six months , so unless the patient has a replacement , the effect wears off eventually , " said Kris Zakrzewski , a private consultant at Kent and Sussex clinical services who has fitted the implants in hundreds of patients .
" There 's also the danger that patients fail to get psychological support for their addiction and rely too much on the implant to stop them drinking .
They need support too . "
All patients who have organ transplants have a high chance of getting infections because they need to take immunosuppressant drugs that dampen their whole immune system to stop their bodies rejecting the new organ .
But the danger faced by alcoholics who have received new livers is that alcohol suppresses the immune system even further , making them even more susceptible to infections .
" As a rule , they will face more infections and if they keep on drinking they will die of liver disease because transplants have a lower threshold to damage , " said Prof Heaton .
The toll on our livers
· Between 1996 and 2000 , alcohol - related liver disease necessitated almost 500 liver transplants at an estimated cost of £ 23.5 m .
· Nearly half of all liver disease cases , including that of George Best ( above ) , are alcohol related .
Excess alcohol causes cirrhosis of the liver , where scar tissue replaces healthy tissue .
· With binge drinking on the rise , doctors are warning about younger deaths from cirrhosis .
· The first liver transplant was carried out by Thomas Starzl in 1963 .
The 10,000th operation took place in 2004 .
· The UK performs between 600 and 700 liver transplants a year .
Data : British Liver Trust .
Compiled by Guardian research department
