For a couple of years there , I had a major blimp fetish .
And so did the U.S. military .
Airships , 25 times the size of the Goodyear blimp , were going to watch for missiles , the Pentagon proclaimed .
" Tri-phibian " zeppelins would haul 1000 tons of men and gear over air , land , and sea .
Blimps , sitting at the edge of space , would substitute for satellites .
Some might even watch over entire cities at a time .
But one by one , alas , most of these lighter - than - air projects have been blown away , or dramatically throttled back .
That is n't stopping airship makers from coming up with some awfully cool zeppelin designs , however .
Popular Mechanics profiles four of 'em .
One they did n't look at was Lockheed 's suu - weeet P - 791 , which Sharon examined back in November .
It 's worth another look .
Especially because this blimp is actually in the air , and not just on some designer 's easel .
www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2Xs0mvJLK0
( High five : JQP )
ALSO :
Wild Saturniid Silk Moth - Cecropia
Hyalophora cecropia
The Cecropia , or Robin moth , is America 's largest moth .
It is a member of the family of giant silkmoths - the Saturniidae .
Since Cecropia moths are noted for being difficult to rear successfully indoors in the larger stages , I am going to sleeve them on a pear tree outdoors after they change to their second or third instar .
These eggs are from a female captured just a little ways south of here .
Cecropia moths will eat pear , apple , cherry , and several other fruit trees , and also willow .
The eggs remind me of Cracker Jacks - the " glue " that the moth uses to stick them to the surface she lays them on makes them look like they 're glazed .
They are not sticky to the touch .
A closeup of the eggs .
April 8 .
I got hatchlings on April 9 .
These caterpillars eat part of the egg shell before wandering off in search of food .
On the third day , the caterpillars have grown noticeably .
They are on pear leaves , inside of a large open jar .
The pear stems are kept green by sticking them through holes in the lid of a yogurt container full of water .
It 's important not to use an open - topped vase to hold the water , as the tiny caterpillars will wander down the stems into the water and drown .
April 11 .
April 15 .
Today , the caterpillars started shedding their first skins .
This one has just shed ; as they age a few hours , they will darken .
I think that the worms eat part of their skins ; at least , they disappeared , although I did n't see them eating them .
Here , you can see that although they 're still pretty small , they 're husky for caterpillars .
They are eating a lot of the pear leaves .
April 15 , 2004 .
April 20 , 2004 .
The worms have changed skins into the third instar .
Here , you can see a newly - ecdysed larva eating its previous skin .
This is what they look like now .
April 20 , 2004 .
April 25 , 2004 .
Still in the third skin , but the colors have shifted and become much brighter .
The caterpillars are getting bigger as well as brighter .
This head - curled - under posture is typical of cecropia and some of the other Saturniid moths .
Because cecropia caterpillars can have difficulty with indoor rearing , I am putting all but one of the nine remaining larvae into a sleeve on the pear tree outside .
The sleeve is made of a very fine landscape mesh ; it will allow air and rain to pass through , while keeping out any predators or parasites .
It is attached by slipping it onto the branch and securing with a tie at the bottom .
I am keeping a single larva inside to observe .
April 25 , 2004 .
My inside - observation larva has shifted into the fourth instar now .
The colors of it seem almost surreal .
I 'm opening the sleeve every day or two to tip out the frass , and checking on all the larvae - they are doing fine .
April 29 , 2004 .
May 7 , 2004 .
Today , the larvae started the change to the fifth instar .
You can see where it has walked out of its skin .
It sat motionless for nearly two days before shedding .
This is something I 've read about , but it 's difficult to see in practice - before the part where it sits still , the worm spins a silken pad to hold onto with its back feet , to help it shed the old skin .
Here , you can see the silk fibers and the skin clinging to them .
The fifth instar is n't quite as bright as the fourth , but it 's very massive looking .
Here , you can see the larva with my index finger .
Its legs are very chunky , and it now has blue " feet " on the prolegs .
May 7 , 2004 .
The cecropia caterpillar continues to grow .
It 's about 3 inches long now .
May 10 , 2004 .
Its colors are less intense than in the fourth instar .
Here , you can see the head stretched out ; the worm spends most of its time with the head tucked under , but will stretch it out to eat or to move .
Note the large spiracles ( breathing holes ) along the side ; one is just to the rear of the blue spike on the right hand side beside the head .
This is the more usual position of the caterpillar 's head .
May 10 , 2004
The worm is becoming truly massive .
It 's just over four inches long now , and thicker than my thumb .
Note how much smaller the knobs seem now - they have n't changed size , the caterpillar has just grown that much .
This is the underside of the caterpillar .
It 's very muscular - it does n't like being held like this , and it wriggles very strongly .
This is a closeup of the gripping feet .
They have tiny fine hooks on them - they have a very powerful grip !
They hook onto the branch pretty powerfully , and if they get hooked into your shirt , they 're impossible to get free .
Ask me how I know , hey ?
If I were the dime , I 'd be scared .
May 18 , 2004
On May 23 , the huge caterpillar begins to spin its cocoon .
It starts by sketching silk onto * everything * it touches , and eventually pulling several leaves into a little cluster around it , like blankets .
I hung the stem with the leaves from a string ; the caterpillar wo n't walk up the string , because it's to thin .
Note :
Do n't hang the caterpillar 's spinning - stick in the middle of the room , where it can catch and strangle your housemates .
This is a friend of mine , demonstrating for your safety .
After several hours of work , the cocoon becomes more and more opaque .
It is nearly white , but will darken over the course of the next few days .
May 24 , 2004 .
The cocoon is huge - almost exactly four inches , tip to tip .
I have peeled away the surrounding leaves , so that I can study the cocoon .
May 28 , 2004 .
The cocoon consists of three distinct layers - the first is a hard shell , the second is an air space filled with wisps of silk , and the inner layer is rough silk .
The inner layer reminds me of coconut husk .
I carefully slit these open with a pair of surgical scissors .
I do n't recommend that you try this at home - it can be fatal to the developing pupa if it is punctured .
Inside , the caterpillar has changed into a pre-pupa .
In this stage , it can no longer walk or eat , although it can wriggle .
The spines and knobs from the caterpillar skin , as well as the bright colors , are still clearly visible .
May 28 , 2004 .
Seven days later , the pre-pupa is showing signs of getting ready to slip out of its caterpillar skin .
The skin is noticably faded , and if you look closely you can see spots where it has begun to loosen .
June 4 , 2004 .
Here , a closeup shows the loosening of the pre-pupa skin .
June 4 , 2004 .
June 5 , 2004 .
Although I missed the actual transformation , it was n't by long - the pupa has slipped out of the caterpillar skin , which is visible at the lower right .
The colors of the fresh pupa are amazing - it looks like a sarcophagus carved of multicolor jade .
This is a detail of the pupa 's head .
The eyes are in the center ; the legs paired together down the middle , and the huge antennae ( this is a male ; the female 's antennae are smaller ) down the sides .
June 5 , 2004 .
A day later , the pupa has darkened to a rich brown .
The antennae are clearly visible on the upper right .
The wings are right below that , wrapped around the body .
Also , four segments down from the base of the wings , note the two little bumps in the center of the segment - these will become the male 's genitalia .
A female pupa would be smooth at this spot .
June 6 , 2004 .
The cocoons spent the winter in the refrigerator crisper drawer in a freezer baggie .
The moths hatch out a week or two after removal from cold storage .
The moth reminds me a lot of the calleta moth ; the wing shape and body patterning are similar .
June 8 , 2005
You can tell this is a male , mainly by his HUGE antennae .
These will help him detect the pheremones released by a scenting female .
When the cecropia moth is agitated , it fans its wings up and down .
This is down ...
And this is up .
This is a closeup of the top of the forewing .
This is a closeup of the underside of the hindwing .
Tips left for restaurant staff do not always reach them Employers are to be banned from using tips and service charges to " top up " staff pay to meet the minimum wage , under government plans .
The changes , set to come into force in 2009 , will benefit those working in industries such as restaurants , where tipping is commonplace .
Firms are currently allowed to divert service charges into takings .
Unions have welcomed the move , saying that not allowing employees to have tips in addition to pay is an " abuse " .
The national minimum wage , currently £ 5.52 , rises to £ 5.73 on 1 October 2008 .
' Common sense ' Business Secretary John Hutton said there needed to be more transparency in tipping .
Waiters and waitresses across the country have been hungry for the tips loophole to be closed and the announcement today will satisfy their appetites
Derek Simpson
Unite
10 years of the minimum wage Tipping : Your views
He called on employers to make it clear how tips were distributed so that customers knew where their money was going and whether or not the establishment operated a fair tipping policy .
" Hundreds of thousands of people in the UK have jobs in sectors where tipping is commonplace , " Mr Hutton said .
" When people leave a tip , in a restaurant or elsewhere , they expect it to go to service staff and as consumers , we 've got a right to know if that actually happens .
" This is an issue of fairness and common sense , and it's one many people clearly care a lot about . "
' Vulnerable workers '
Unions , which have argued that the current law is unfair , have welcomed the move .
UK restaurants are accused of not being upfront about staff tips " Waiters and waitresses across the country have been hungry for the tips loophole to be closed and the announcement today will satisfy their appetites , " said Derek Simpson , joint leader of the Unite union .
" It is great news that unscrupulous employers will no longer be able to use the tips left for staff to subsidise low wages . "
The union intends to introduce a Fair Tips logo in bars and restaurants across the UK - showing that staff receive at least the minimum wage as well as all tips .
TUC General Secretary Brendan Barber said that presently " unscrupulous " employers could " cheat " workers out of tips that were meant for them .
The quicker this is ended completely the better
Paul Kenny
GMB General Secretary
" The government is right to make sure that workers can keep their tips and that the responsibility to pay the minimum wage rests squarely with employers , " he said .
" This is a welcome example of the government responding to the concerns of hard - pressed , vulnerable workers . ''
GMB General Secretary Paul Kenny said its members in the hotel and catering industry had fought a 10 - year campaign to end tips being counted towards their pay .
" Far too many rogue employers have been using tips to make up the national minimum wage , " he said .
" The quicker this is ended completely the better . "
NB : This story was originally published on Thursday , 31 July 2008 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" If we are to get food prices down , we must also do more to deal with unnecessary demand , such as by all of us doing more to cut our food waste which is costing the average household in Britain around £ 8 per week . "
Top of the world : 360 - degree view from the peak of Mount Everest .
This is not my photo — it was taken by Roderick Mackenzie on May 24 , 1989 .
SENSATIONAL MATE
SHOW THE VIDEO FOOTAGE PLEASE .....
Also why is the China Gov not allowing free press and Internet freedom ??????????????
This is a new Millennium and they should set an example like we did in Sydney 2000 .
Get with the program China .
Love & Peace
King Oskar
Austin , Texas 's cost of living is 3 % lower than the national average .
The cost of living in any area can vary based on factors such as your career , its average salary and the real estate market of that area .
PayScale 's Cost of Living Calculator can help you find out more about how your individual needs will factor in when beginning your research to figure out how much it would cost you to relocate .
Captain John Konrad is the founder and CEO of gCaptain and author of the book Fire On The Horizon .
He is licensed to captain the world 's largest ships and has sailed from ports around the world .
John has built some of the world 's most advanced ships and managed billion - dollar offshore construction projects in some of the world 's harshest marine environments .
John is a distinguished alumnus of New York Maritime College .
Attorney General Wants New Declaration of War Allowing Indefinite Detention and Concealment of Torture
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact : ( 202 ) 675-2312 , media@dcaclu.org
WASHINGTON , DC - In an enormous executive branch power grab , Attorney General Michael Mukasey called on Congress today to authorize indefinite detention through a new declaration of armed conflict .
Mukasey also proposed that Congress subvert the right of habeas corpus with a new scheme of procedures that will hide the Bush administration 's past wrongdoing - an action that would undermine the constitutional guarantee of due process and conceal systematic torture and abuse of detainees .
" Mukasey is asking Congress to expand and extend the war on terror forever .
Anyone that this president or the next one declares to be a terrorist could then be held indefinitely without a trial , " said Caroline Fredrickson , Director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
" This is clearly the last gasp of an administration desperate to rationalize what is a failed legal scheme that was correctly rejected four times by the Supreme Court .
With as little as five work weeks left in this Congress , there are more important issues than helping the lame - duck president cook up an indefensible plan to lock people up forever and throw away the key with no due process rights and limited judicial review . "
" The attorney general 's proposal would hide the torture and abuse conducted since 9/11 , " Fredrickson said .
" This is one more effort to cover up the illegal activities authorized by the president and his administration .
Attorney General Mukasey might be ok with helping in a cover - up , but there is no reason to think that Congress will assist him . "
" Congress wo n't fall for this latest Bush administration plan to cover up its wrongdoing .
At the same time that the House Judiciary Committee is investigating whether high - level Bush White House officials may have committed crimes of torture and abuse , Mukasey has the arrogance to ask Congress to give him the power to detain people without trial and hide torture and abuse from the courts , " said ACLU Senior Legislative Counsel Christopher Anders .
He added , " He wants a new declaration of a worldwide armed conflict in order to hold people without trial , and then under the guise of protecting ‘ sources and methods ' from judges who have decades of experience trying dangerous international terrorists , Mukasey asks Congress essentially to bury the evidence . "
" There is simply no need to invent yet another set of legal rules to govern the detention and trial of prisoners held on national security grounds , and the rules that the attorney general is proposing are fundamentally inconsistent with the Constitution .
The prisoners at Guantanamo , some of whom have been held without charges for more than six years , should be allowed a meaningful opportunity to challenge their detention in court .
The handful of prisoners that have actually been charged with crimes should be tried under rules that conform to the Constitution and that the rest of the world will recognize as fair , " said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project .
It connects you to the world , but your cell phone could also be giving anyone from your boss to your wife a window into your every move .
The same technology that lets you stay in touch on - the - go can now let others tap into your private world — without you ever even suspecting something is awry .
The new generation
Long gone are the days of simple wiretapping , when the worst your phone could do was let someone listen in to your conversations .
The new generation of cell phone spying tools provides a lot more power .
Eavesdropping is easy .
All it takes is a two - minute software install and someone can record your calls and monitor your text messages .
They can even set up systems to be automatically alerted when you dial a certain number , then instantly patched into your conversation .
Anyone who can perform a basic internet search can find the tools and figure out how to do it in no time .
But the scarier stuff is what your phone can do when you are n’t even using it .
Let ’s start with your location .
Simple surveillance
You do n’t have to plant a CIA - style bug to conduct surveillance any more .
A service called World Tracker lets you use data from cell phone towers and GPS systems to pinpoint anyone ’s exact whereabouts , any time — as long as they ’ve got their phone on them .
All you have to do is log on to the web site and enter the target phone number .
The site sends a single text message to the phone that requires one response for confirmation .
Once the response is sent , you are locked in to their location and can track them step - by - step .
The response is only required the first time the phone is contacted , so you can imagine how easily it could be handled without the phone ’s owner even knowing .
Once connected , the service shows you the exact location of the phone by the minute , conveniently pinpointed on a Google Map .
So far , the service is only available in the UK , but the company has indicated plans to expand its service to other countries soon .
Advanced eavesdropping
So you ’ve figured out where someone is , but now you want to know what they ’re actually doing .
Turns out you can listen in , even if they are n’t talking on their phone .
Dozens of programs are available that ’ll turn any cell phone into a high - tech , long - range listening device .
And the scariest part ?
They run virtually undetectable to the average eye .
Take , for example , Flexispy .
The service promises to let you “ catch cheating wives or cheating husbands ” and even “ bug meeting rooms . ”
Its tools use a phone ’s microphone to let you hear essentially any conversations within earshot .
Once the program is installed , all you have to do is dial a number to tap into the phone ’s mic and hear everything going on .
The phone wo n’t even ring , and its owner will have no idea you are virtually there at his side .
Recover deleted text messages ( SMS ) and last dialed numbers from any SIM cards and smart cards
Did you know that with the help of a simple , inexpensive device , anyone with access to your phone could read your private text messages ( SMS ) , even if you have deleted them previously ?
This device can even recover contacts and a good number or previously dialed numbers .
Legal loopholes
You might be asking how this could possibly be legal .
Turns out , it is n’t – at least , not in the ways we just described .
Much like those fancy smoking devices designed “ for tobacco use only , ” the software itself gets by because of a disclaimer saying it does n’t endorse any illegal use .
I did a little digging with our friends from Flexispy .
You wo n’t find it on the flashy front page , but buried a bit further in the site , the company says you ’re fine to use their program only “ on a phone that you own , for protecting your children , ” or for purposes like “ archiving data . ”
It ’s a bit of a contrast from the bold suggestions of “ uncover[ing ] employee espionage , ” “ catch[ing ] cheating husbands , ” and “ bug [ ging ] meeting rooms ” that fill the company ’s materials .
After a little more explanation , their answer as to the legality of the service ends with a broad statement : “ Please consult a qualified lawyer in your country for the correct answer to this question . ”
Let me make it easier for you :
Once you get into listening in to private conversations without either party ’s consent , you ’re treading rough water that could sweep you straight into jail .
Whether it ’s an employee or a spouse on the receiving end of your mission , neither federal nor state privacy laws take violations lightly in America .
Getting caught could cost you several years behind bars , among other serious penalties .
Detecting and protecting
Finding spyware on your phone is n’t easy .
There are dozens of bug detectors available from surveillance companies , but the only true fix is taking your phone to your provider and having them wipe it out altogether .
That will restore the factory settings and clear out any hidden software that ’s running on your phone .
Security experts say there may be some subtle signs your phone is invaded :
You seem to have trouble shutting it off , or it stays lit up after you ’ve powered down .
The phone sometimes lights up when you are n’t making or receiving a call , or using any other function .
You regularly hear odd background noises or clicks when you ’re on the phone .
Unfortunately , there is n’t much you can do to safeguard your cell just yet .
I ’m sure it ’s only a matter of time until we see McAfee - style programs to firewall your phone and keep intruders out .
For now , though , the only sure - fire form of protection is to keep a close guard on your phone .
Do n’t accept Bluetooth connections unless you know what they are .
Most important , make sure no one has access to install something when you are n’t watching .
Otherwise , they may soon be watching you when you least expect it .
By JR Raphael
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
WASHINGTON - When viewed from the rest of the galaxy , the edge of our solar system appears slightly dented as if a giant hand is pushing one edge of it inward , far - traveling NASA probes reveal .
Information from Earth 's first space probes to hit the thick edge of the solar system — called the heliosheath where the solar wind slows abruptly — paint a picture that is not the simple circle that astronomers long thought , according to several studies published Thursday in the journal Nature .
Surprised astronomers said they will have to change their models for what the solar system looks like .
In 1977 , NASA launched two space probes on missions beyond the solar system .
Voyager 1 went north and Voyager 2 went south .
What startled astronomers is that when the two of them hit the heliosheath they did so at different distances from the sun .
Voyager 2 hit the southern edge of the solar system nearly 1 billion miles closer to the sun than Voyager 1 did to the north .
Voyager 2 hit the edge at 7.8 billion miles from the sun .
" We used to assume that it 's all symmetric and simple , " said Leonard Burlaga , an astrophysicist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. " It 's literally like a hand pushing . "
That push is from the magnetic field that lies between star systems in the Milky Way .
The magnetic field hits the solar system at a different angle on the south than on the north , probably because of interstellar turbulence from star explosions , said Voyager project scientist Ed Stone .
Both spacecraft still have several more years before they completely exit the solar system and continue deeper into the space between stars , said Stone , former director of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Lab .
Source : yahoo news
See also :
Getting Wrapped Up In Solar Textiles
Capturing DNA Molecules
In A Nanochannel
Robotic Ankle Helps Amputee Soldier Walk
Contributed by merdely on 2008 - 04 - 16 from the would - you - like - some - cheese - with - your - whine dept .
Damien Bergamini ( damien@ ) just committed WPA - support ( wikipedia ) for OpenBSD .
In the commit message , Damien states that " bwi ( 4 ) , malo ( 4 ) , ral ( 4 ) , iwn ( 4 ) , wpi ( 4 ) , ural ( 4 ) , rum ( 4 ) , upgt ( 4 ) , and zyd ( 4 ) should work . "
And , Damien says " support for more chipsets should arrive soon . "
Examples , ifconfig ( 8 ) output and commit messages below .
To use WPA - PSK in station mode :
# ifconfig ral0 wpa wpapsk \ 0x0e8de50e2a614dbd83df61db3e042b396177e8cc8ef7e1f2e83e158a19ba5ea3
# /sbin/wpa-psk < ssid > < passphrase >
To convert a passphrase to a 256 - bit hexadecimal key , use wpa-psk ( 8 )
The output of ifconfig ral0 looks like :
ral0 : flags=8802 mtu 1500 lladdr 00:11:2f:82:8c:01 groups : wlan media : IEEE802.11 autoselect mode 11g hostap status : active ieee80211 : nwid openbsd - ap chan 5 bssid 00:11:2f:82:8c:01 wpapsk < not displayed > wpaprotos wpa1 , wpa2 wpaakms psk,802.1 x wpaciphers tkip , ccmp wpagroupcipher tkip 100dBm
Commit messages :
CVSROOT : /cvs Module name : src Changes by : damien@
2008/04/16 12:32:15 Modified files : sys/conf : files sbin / ifconfig : ifconfig.8 ifconfig.c sys/net80211 : ieee80211.c ieee80211.h ieee80211_crypto.c ieee80211_crypto.h ieee80211_input.c ieee80211_ioctl.c ieee80211_ioctl.h ieee80211_node.c ieee80211_node.h ieee80211_output.c ieee80211_proto.c ieee80211_proto.h ieee80211_var.h sys/ dev/ic : acx.c atw.c bwi.c malo.c pgt.c rt2560.c rt2661.c rt2860.c rt2860reg.h rtw.c sys/dev/pci : if_ipw.c if_ipwvar.h if_iwn.c if_wpi.c sys/dev/usb : if_ral.c if_rum.c if_upgt.c if_zyd.c
Added files : sys/net80211 : ieee80211_crypto_ccmp.c ieee80211_crypto_tkip.c ieee80211_crypto_wep.c
Log message : Kernel implementation of the 4 - way handshake and group - key handshake protocols ( both supplicant and authenticator state machines ) as defined in the IEEE 802.11i standard .
Software implementation of the TKIP ( Temporal Key Integrity Protocol ) and CCMP ( CTR with CBC - MAC Protocol ) protocols .
This diff does n't implement any of the 802.1X authentication protocols and thus only PSK authentication ( using pre-shared keys ) is currently supported .
In concrete terms , this adds support for WPA - PSK and WPA2 - PSK protocols , both in station and hostap modes .
The following drivers are marked as WPA - capable and should work : bwi( 4 ) , malo ( 4 ) , ral ( 4 ) , iwn ( 4 ) , wpi ( 4 ) , ural ( 4 ) , rum ( 4 ) , upgt ( 4 ) , and zyd (4 )
The following options have been added to ifconfig ( 8 ) : wpa , wpapsk , wpaprotos , wpaakms , wpaciphers , wpagroupcipher wpa-psk ( 8 ) can be used to generate keys from passphrases .
tested by many@ ok deraadt@
and
CVSROOT : /cvs Module name : src Changes by : damien@
2008/04/15 10:29:05
Added files : sbin/wpa-psk : Makefile wpa-psk.8 wpa-psk .c
Log message : welcome wpa-psk ( 8 ) .
ok deraadt@
Thank you to Damien for working on this oft requested feature and making it a reality ( and thanks for helping me with this article ) .
Be sure to show your appreciation by donating to the project .
OPW INTERVIEW -- Mar 8 --
Last week we introduced OmniDate as a way to make your site stand out from the crowd .
This weeks it 's time for Mike K's Handwriting Analysis .
Do you believe in personality profiling ?
How about handwriting analysis ?
I really think there 's a strong correlation with certain character traits and handwriting .
Here 's what Mike has to say .
- Mark Brooks
Your company provides online handwriting analysis to people to help them find the perfect mate .
How exactly does that work ?
A visitor to my website , Handwriting Profiles.com , registers , and is given a 16 question online handwriting analysis assessment test .
The text takes about 10 minutes .
We ask them to write out a handwriting sample of about 1 - 2 paragraphs in length .
They then read and answer online questions based on the handwriting sample they created .
For each question , we provide three possible answers , each with pictures of samples .
The test - taker chooses the picture which is most like their handwriting sample .
For example , the first question asks about handwriting size .
The test taker rates their sample as small , medium or large based on comparing to the pictures we provide .
So they finish the 16 questions and then what happens ?
First , the user is given an overview of how handwriting assesses compatibility .
It tells them about compatibility , which traits within the handwriting are being evaluated and what compatibility traits can be shown through handwriting analysis .
Then , for only $ 4.99 , they can purchase the complete assessment and compatibility profile .
The first feature is a self assessment .
It contains a 5 – 8 page report about their personality and their compatibility traits .
It also rates 4 specific compatibility traits on a scale from low to high .
These 4 traits are introverted / extroverted , sexual interest and energy , emotion expression , and finally , emotional maturity .
Then the user is given an email invitee link so they can invite friends or lovers to take the test .
Once their friend or their significant other takes the test , that individual ’s information is stored in the Handwritingprofiles.com database .
Using a compatibility algorithm that I created , we compare the two analysis results and tell the test - takers how compatible they are .
How would this be used on dating sites ?
The compatibility algorithm I created has 141,000 unique combinations when comparing 2 people .
This occurs because within the 4 key traits , there are multiple possibilities .
What I would like to do is license out the algorithm and test to online dating sites , which would then be able to instantaneously produce a compatibility outlook based on how the 4 traits of person A compares to the 4 traits of person B .
Some of our readers will wonder , is handwriting analysis really scientific ?
First of all , handwriting analysis is a branch of psychology .
So it ’s not going to be a mathematical equation like , x + y = z .
But like all branches of psychology , research and case studies show expected behavior trends .
Handwriting analysis research has shown that there are clusters of traits in one ’s handwriting that represent a certain personality trait or psychological disposition .
In studies , people with clear personality traits have provided handwriting samples .
Then correlations have been derived between particular handwriting traits and particular personality traits .
Do you see a credibility issue ?
How do you overcome that ?
In Europe , handwriting analysis is more widely accepted , but in the US the majority of people do want to know more about the validation behind it .
So the way I overcome that is through example .
I give the test to hundreds of people I have never met , often at trade shows and singles events .
I then tell them what the test shows about them .
People have been amazed at the accuracy .
I did this at IDate and the success was remarkable .
Personally , I am certified through the National Society for Graphology and I ’ve been studying and performing handwriting analysis for about 15 years .
How would a dating site use your product to increase their revenue or attract new users ?
If you were the CEO of a dating site , I would offer the handwriting analysis matching system as a fun and enlightening product to differentiate themselves from the competition and to make the site more sticky .
It also creates PR value .
I would offer the compatibility analysis as a premium service so people who have paid for the analysis will quickly see how they match up to others who have paid for the service .
This too would be a differentiator as well as a revenue stream .
For a larger site , we would be open to licensing an exclusive offer .
We could also do a revenue share or a flat fee for a year , with an option to renew .
At this point , we are open , as it depends really on the goals of the company to which I am talking .
“ You see elevated blood pressure , or elevated sugars , or elevated cholesterol and you try exercise and diet and you do n’t see any improvement , ” Dr. Rothman said .
“ I worry that some providers and some families are looking for the quick fix , and are going to want to start medication immediately . ”
Some pediatricians say they have been treating children with statins for several years .
Dr. David Collier , director of a pediatric weight management center at East Carolina University in Greenville , N.C. , an area where 45 percent of the children are overweight , is among doctors who support the recent recommendations that statins may be warranted in some children as young as 8 .
“ We have been using statins for two or three years now , ” he said .
One of his statin patients , he said , was a 6 - year - old girl .
Dr. Collier , who describes his location as “ right smack dab in the middle of the stroke belt , ” believes that aggressive therapy is needed to prevent a health crisis .
“ It ’s hard to overstate the size of the problem , ” he said .
Dr. Francine R. Kaufman remembers a patient , a 13 - year - old girl , whose weight had ballooned to 267 pounds .
The teenager appeared destined for the same fate as her grandmother , who lost a leg to Type 2 diabetes .
“ To control her high blood sugar level , her high blood pressure , and her high cholesterol , this young girl left my office with five medications , ” Dr. Kaufman , a pediatric endocrinologist in Los Angeles , told a Senate subcommittee last week during hearings on obesity in children .
The girl stood out as unusual more than 10 years ago , but children with the same array of problems are increasingly seen in the diabetes center where she practices at Children ’s Hospital Los Angeles , Dr. Kaufman said .
Diet and exercise are tried first , but “ lifestyle is really tough , ” Dr. Kaufman said .
Some of her patients live in neighborhoods without grocery stores and attend schools that do not offer physical education programs .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
June 18 , 2008
Pat Manning writes on the Denver Direct website :
Denver , City Park West , 8:00 pm – According to a Denver Police spokesperson , the invasion of black helicopters with uniformed men hanging off of them , experienced by this neighborhood this evening , is a practice run of Navy Seals and SWAT teams , landing at the Civic Center , Childrens Hospital , and City Park , in preparation for the Democratic National Convention .
Hmmmm ….
The Rocky Mountain News , after an unflattering article on the Black Hawks — yes , tinfoil hatters , black helicopters — invading Denver , came back with a clarification .
It ’s all part of the GWOT , or Global War on Terrorism , in response to the reservations of mayor John Hickenlooper .
“ The federal agencies sponsoring the ongoing multi-agency training in Denver agreed to make the proper notifications regarding the exercises to prevent surprise and inconvenience to Denver residents , ” Hickenlooper said .
“ There seems to have been a misunderstanding about the reach and scope of these notifications , and they did not occur in the manner expected by the City . ”
Mr. Hickenlooper , the feds do n’t need no stinkin’ notifications .
Mr. Hickenlooper also declares the “ exercises ” have nothing to do with the DNC .
It ’s all a coincidence , Mr. Mayor — sure , and I ’m expecting a visit by the tooth fairy tonight , that is after Santa makes an early appearance and brings me a Lamborghini .
As Erin Rosa reports for the Colorado Independent , the original “ angle ” on the “ exercises ” “ quickly disappeared , ” replaced by the official version of events .
“ Either way , countless numbers of residents called the police department and the city ’s 311 line last night wondering why their neighborhoods sounded like a war zone . ”
Um , because they live in a police state ?
Here ’s the official explanation :
Denver residents can be excused if they think their city has suddenly doubled as a set for a remake of Red Dawn .
The exercise by special ops troops , supported by Denver police SWAT teams and firefighters , is intended to prepare for any terrorism threat in a “ realistic urban environment , ” said Lt. Steve Ruh , a spokesman for the U.S. Special Operations Command , headquartered at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida . …
“ It ’s all in preparation for anything that could possibly happen with the global war on terrorism , ” said Ruh , whose command coordinates all the military branches ’ crack commando units – from Army Rangers to Navy SEALS .
The Special Operations Command calls itself the “ Tip of the Spear ” against the nation ’s gravest threats .
Ruh noted that the exercises are conducted in major cities in the U.S. , usually at the invitation of the cities , but that does n’t mean those cities are necessarily possible targets for terrorism .
Oh , no , of course not , but Denver will be “ targeted ” by Americans , exercising their constitutional right to petition the government , who are upset with the way things are going .
It was n’t just black helicopters , though .
From ABC News 7 in Denver :
There was also activity on the streets of Denver as well .
On Tuesday , a special team from the Department of Defense rumbled through downtown , with big sport utility vehicles carrying sophisticated communication equipment that belong to the Weapons of Mass Destruction Civil Support Team , or CST .
The CST team , based in Wyoming , is designed to respond immediately to any act of terrorism .
Team members would not comment on their mission .
“ Is this a normal occurrence here or is there something funky going on that we should be wondering what we ought to be doing next ? ” said witness Bill Whitaker .
U.S. military Special Operations commandos will continue conducting the counter - terrorism training from early afternoon until 11 p.m. through Friday night , according to the Rocky Mountain News .
None of the agencies involved informed the public or news agencies about the drill and that may have had an effect on Denver ’s 911 system .
No , you think ?
Imagine if you had no idea the government was conducting this “ exercise ” and one of these Black Hawk Down birds swooped over your house , rattling the windows and upsetting your children and pets .
You might think it ’s a scene out of Red Dawn .
Your confusion , fear , and anger , of course , would be a small price to pay in the GWOT .
Never know when Osama might crawl out from under your bed .
Sorry for all the sarcasm , but this whole thing is so transparent as to be ridiculous .
“ A new coalition of protest groups promises free concerts , art displays , classes for activists and a ‘ massive ’ anti-war march during this summer ’s Democratic National Convention , ” writes Sara Burnett for the Rocky Mountain News .
The Alliance for Real Democracy is made up of 12 groups , many led by activists in their early 20s and 30s .
Organizers said Tuesday their nonviolent events will urge an end to the war in Iraq and raise awareness of “ the global climate crisis . ”
The alliance is open to people of all ages , but will especially target young people .
It also plans to invite convention delegates to the events .
“ This is as much a part of the process as going to a very formal convention , ” said Jojo Pease , an organizer with Students for a Democratic Society .
Some of the groups were previously affiliated with the Re-Create 68 Alliance , but split off after a disagreement over tactics .
Re -Create 68 has promised demonstrations that will rival those at the notorious Democratic convention in Chicago held in 1968 , which was accompanied by street battles between police and anti-Vietnam War demonstrators .
Members of the Alliance for Real Democracy would n’t talk Tuesday about Re-Create 68 or the split .
But they released bylaws that say the group “ will not use or return violence – verbal or physical – toward any person or other creature , ” and will not damage property , bring weapons to protests or use illegal drugs or alcohol during events .
It will be Re- Create 68 ’s “ tactics ” — confronting the cops , verbally and physically — that will give the GWOT boys an excuse to crack - down on activists from the Alliance for Real Democracy .
If you ’d like more background on Re- Create 68 , see the video above .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
On Friday , July 20th , 2007 , Anti-War activist Cindy Sheehan and her entourage headlined the Charlottesville Anti-War / Impeachment Rally on the historic downtown mall .
A few blocks away the Albemarle County chapter of the Republican Party organized a pro-war contingency and soon after marched to protest at the Sheehan event .
On Monday , July 23 , Sheehan and 45 other activists would be arrested on Capital Hill in an attempt to demand the impeachment of George W. Bush and Dick Cheney .
This video is an attempt to give a sense of presence of the Charlottesville protest and does not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of the Paladin Media Group .
The top health information from the industry 's best authors
Stay informed , empowered and healthy !
Frequently Asked Questions about Health Book Summaries
Information for potential sponsors
Information for authors and publishers
( Natural News ) I 've waited over six months to bring you this news .
It 's our pre-announcement of a service that will utterly transform the way you get your health information .
This article is a behind - the - scenes look at this breakthrough health information resource , which we 'll be officially announcing later in July .
What kind of resource is it ?
Fellow health information guru Kevin Gianni and I have created www.HealthBookSummaries.com ) , a website that brings you condensed summaries of the very best books on health , nutrition and natural living ... all for free !
The concept is simple :
We work with the industry 's top authors and publishers to obtain the rights to publish summaries of the very best books on health , fitness , nutrition , green living and much more .
Then we create information - rich summaries of each book and put them into non-copy - protected , downloadable PDF files ( Adobe Acrobat ) that you can print or read on any computer ( or even e-mail to your friends ) .
Every two weeks or so , we release another health book summary that arrives in your e-mail box -- free of charge , of course !
The service is funded by selected sponsors whose ads appear in the summary documents , just like magazine ads .
Current sponsors include Organic Food Bar , Wellness Resources , Nutrex Hawaii , Vitacost , Living Fuel , Boku Superfood , Bodhi Soap Nuts and Renegade Health .
These sponsors cover all the costs of producing and distributing these health book summaries so that readers can have full , free access to the most concentrated source of health knowledge that 's ever been offered in the industry !
We 're currently in our pre-launch phase .
The official announcement of this service wo n't hit the mainstream media for another 10 days or so , but you can get signed up right now during our pre-launch phase and downloadhealth book summaries instantly !
Just go to www.HealthBookSummaries.com and enter your e-mail address to begin the download !
( Please note :
Word leaked out about this service last night and our e-mail servers are already overloaded , so please allow up toto receive your confirmation e-mail .
I apologize for the slowness of the e-mail servers .
We 'll have this issue resolved shortly ... )
To create HealthBookSummaries.com , we 've selected the very best books from the most pioneering authors who truly " get it " about nutrition , disease reversal , green living and fitness .
These are authors like Dr. Gabriel Cousens , David Wolfe , Ray Moynihan , Bruce Lipton , Brendan Brazier and so many more !
We 're also working hard to bring you future summaries from pioneering writers like Jonny Bowden , Marcia Angell , Dr. David Brownstein and others .
Current book summaries we 'll be releasing over the next few weeks include : • The Biology of Belief by Bruce Lipton• Spiritual Nutrition by Dr. Gabriel Cousens• Selling Sickness by Ray Moynihan• Appetite for Profit by Michele Simon• The Genie in Your Genes by Dawson Church• EXPOSED : The Toxic Chemistry of Everyday Products by Mark SchapiroEach of these is available to you at no charge by simply registering at www.healthbooksummaries.com/Register.html ( Just remember , it may take up to 30 minutes to receive your confirmation e-mail due to the unexpectedly high number of sign - ups we 're experiencing right now ... )
An optional upgrade ( which costs just $ 7.95 / month ) brings you recorded audio of the book summaries , allowing you to listen to these book summaries on any MP3 player ( such as an iPod device ) .
You can also burn these MP3 files to a CD - Rom and listen in your car , office , or anywhere that you can play a CD .
The audio files are n't available yet , but will be posted when we announce our official launch of the service in late July .
HealthBookSummaries audio files are not copy protected , so you can play them anywhere !
( We are anti DRM , and pro-open - source ! ) I 'm simply thrilled to be bringing you news of this HealthBookSummaries.com pre-launch .
Over the last several years , I 've worked diligently to bring health consumers the kind of information they could use to greatly improve the quality of their lives .
And our surveys show that more than 80 % of users who read NaturalNews.com experience significant health improvements !
I 've worked diligently on ways to bring people even more concentrated sources of knowledge about health and peak performance , and HealthBookSummaries.com is the best new vehicle for accomplishing that .
It 's valuable because it delivers high - density health knowledge directly to readers , all in a format that 's free , portable , easy to read and requires very little time .
In other words , the " results vs. effort " ratio is very high !
Invest just a few minutes of time reading HealthBookSummaries , and you 'll experience the knowledge and know - how benefits that would normally requireof your time !
And who would n't love to getknowledge intime ?
Listen to my welcome message describing HealthBookSummaries.com and why it 's such a great way to learn essential health knowledge in remarkably little time :
And then , be sure to register for HealthBookSummaries.com so you can receive our health book summaries as we release them .
It 's completely free to you , and yet the information provided in these summaries is extremely powerful !
Register now at : http://www.healthbooksummaries.com/Register....
( Remember , please allow up to 30 minutes to receive your confirmation e-mail from us , due to our mail servers being temporarily overloaded thanks to the extremely high response ... )
Thank you , and enjoy HealthBookSummaries.com !
- MikeYes , it 's free !
Our costs are covered by sponsors whose ads appear in the book summary documents , just like magazine ads .
Currently , we send you two new book summarize each month via e-mail , and always for free , of course .
As our service gains momentum , we will release 3 book summaries per month , and then eventually 1 per week .
Each summary is about 15 pages long , condensing hundreds of pages from the original book into about 15 pages of the most important information .
Just download them by registering on our website , then open each document and read it or print it .
You 'll need Adobe Acrobat reader to open and print these documents .
Our content is , but the files are not copy protected .
You can freely copy them , send to friends , e-mail them as attachments , etc .
( You can not sell them , however ... )
There will be soon .
We 're working on the audio summaries , which you 'll be able to download as MP3 files .
There 's a small monthly fee ( $ 7.95 ) to access the audio files .
Our MP3 files are also non-copy - protected .
We are working with the top publishers in the industry to acquire permission to summarize the very best health books available today .
Kevin Gianni and Mike Adams make all final decisions on which books to include in HealthBookSummaries .
comSee our section for authors and publishers , below .
See our sponsorship section , below .
Not yet .
In the near future , we are planning on introducing Spanish - language summaries , following by summaries in other languages .
If you would like to sponsor future issues of HealthBookSummaries.com , please contact Health Book Summaries , Inc. by e-mailing [ email protected ]
Please note that sponsorship is subject to approval by Mike Adams and Kevin Gianni , and is strictly limited to companies offering honest , high - quality products or services to the natural health community .
We do not accept advertising from drug companies , diabetic supply companies , disease front groups like the American Cancer Society or other similar conventional medicine organizations that promote medication instead of education .
HealthBookSummaries sponsorship opportunities are already booked through July .
We currently have two openings in August , so if you want to be included in our August issues , please contact us immediately .
Health Book Summaries , Inc. , is a separate business entity from NaturalNews.com .
Would you like Health Book Summaries to consider summarizing your book in a future issue ?
It 's fantastic publicity for your book ( and its author ) , and helps bring your information to potentially hundreds of thousands of readers .
We 're very selective about the books we choose to summarize , and if you would like your book to be considered , please contact us via e-mail to acquire our mailing address ( where you can send your book or manuscript ) .
That address is [ email protected ]
News
Orange Crush
A Chinese pathogen has the citrus industry talking apocalypse .
Info citrus disease
By Alexander Zaitchik
On July 11 , the U.S. Department of Agriculture delivered some much - needed good news to Florida 's recently battered citrus growers .
In its final estimate for statewide citrus output in 2008 , the agency expected the industry to produce 168 million boxes of oranges and grapefruit , a 30 percent increase over last year .
But the champagne bottles will stay corked in Florida groves .
Despite this year 's posthurricane bounce - back in production , the threat of huang long bing ( HLB ) , or citrus greening disease , is casting a rapidly deepening shadow over the state 's iconic fruit .
As greening spreads west ( it was discovered last week in Tijuana , Mexico ) , local farmers are just beginning to understand the existential nature of the bacterial threat .
" A year ago , we were just getting our heads around greening , " says Michael Sparks , chief executive of Florida Citrus Mutual , the state 's industry association .
" Now it 's clear this thing is stronger and more troubling than anything we 've encountered in the past .
It 's bigger than canker .
We could lose citrus in Florida .
It 's that big . "
HLB , first discovered in China , is the deadliest and least understood pathogen in the citrus world .
Spread by insects , it hibernates like HIV before striking like ebola , killing trees from the inside and transforming oranges and grapefruit into sickly , dry , and deformed green orbs .
In a macabre touch , the disease turns citrus seeds black .
There is no cure ; infected plants must be uprooted and destroyed .
First detected in Florida a decade ago , HBL in 2007 spread to all 30 of the state 's citrus growing counties , with the worst infections located in the south .
" We estimate that the disease has established itself in between 12 and 20 percent of all citrus trees in the state , " says Denise D. Feiber , of the Florida Department of Agriculture 's Division of Plant Industry .
" We tell growers that if it is n't in their groves yet , it 's likely on the way , or they just have n't tested thoroughly enough . "
Terrified , the industry has begun to mobilize .
Sparks speaks of a " Citrus Manhattan Project " currently under way in labs across the state , funded mostly by local growers .
This December , Orlando will host a conference called Reaching Beyond Boundaries , which will bring together citrus scientists from around the world to share experiences and craft a globally coordinated defense strategy .
" In three years , my budget has gone from $ 1.5 to $ 20 million , fueled by the growth of HLB , " says Steven Rogers , scientific coordinator for the Florida Citrus Production Research Advisory Council , the state agency that oversees citrus research .
" HLB is a force to contend with , and there is a lot of work to do .
We need help from the National Academy of Sciences and from scientists around the world to combat this . "
HLB is also found throughout Asia and Latin America , including fellow hemispheric citrus giant Brazil , which together with Florida produces most of the world 's orange juice .
Says Sparks : " If Florida and Brazil go down , you 're talking about the end of orange juice as we know it . "
News
Bailing Out Junior
Once again , John Timoney is the exception to the rule .
By Francisco Alvarado
Police Chief John Timoney might be Miami 's ultimate enforcer , but he has demonstrated a knack for flouting the rules .
Last year , he helped himself to a free SUV from Lexus of Kendall , violating several departmental policies .
Timoney 's most vocal critic , Fraternal Order of Police president Armando Aguilar , says the pattern goes at least as far back as 2005 .
On November 1 of that year — three days after Timoney 's son Sean was arrested for allegedly trying to buy 400 pounds of marijuana in Spring Valley , New York — Miami 's top cop and his wife Noreen put up their $ 256,000 condo at 1717 N. Bayshore Dr. as collateral to bond their son out .
By doing so , Timoney violated the spirit , if not the letter , of a departmental rule that prohibits police officers from bailing anyone out of jail , Aguilar says .
On December 12 , 2005 , after pleading guilty to conspiracy to distribute marijuana , Sean remained free on bail until his sentencing hearing nearly a year later .
He served 18 months in federal prison until his release this past May .
In arguing for leniency , Sean 's attorney , Ed Hayes , told Judge Thomas McAvoy that his client 's father — a former deputy commissioner in the Big Apple — was unable to spend more time with his son growing up because he was busy turning " the tide in New York City " during the early Nineties , when crime finally began to decline .
" I understand that it is his son , " Aguilar says .
" But what is good for the goose is good for the gander .
The chief has fired officers for violating departmental policies he chooses to ignore . "
The accusation comes at a rough time for the chief , who is still under fire for accepting the free Lexus , which he drove for the better part of a year before disclosure of the gratis SUV prompted him to return it .
In addition to his being sanctioned and fined by the Miami - Dade and state ethics commissions , the city 's Civilian Investigative Panel last week found that Timoney broke departmental rules including a ban on accepting gifts , guidelines on how to deal with the news media , and a requirement for officers to be truthful .
Aguilar says Timoney 's decision to post bail for his son is just the latest example of the chief 's unethical behavior .
According to Miami Police rules and regulations , officers and civilian employees " shall not become surety or guarantor or furnish bail for any person arrested for a crime except upon authorization of his commanding officer . "
In the case of the chief , there was no one to go to for permission but himself .
And that , Aguilar says , is not fair , considering Timoney fired two black female cops for allegedly violating a rule that prohibited them from marrying convicted felons .
One of those officers , April Hardemon , appealed the chief 's decision and won her job back .
Timoney declined comment , but police spokesman Delrish Moss says the chief is not breaching the department 's bail ban .
" For one , it does n't apply to blood relatives , " Moss explains .
" Secondly , permission has to be granted by the commanding officer .
[ Timoney ] is the commanding officer . "
Flotsam
Tow Jam
While you get towed , Miami Beach gets paid .
By Natalie O'Neill
In Miami Beach , few businesses are loathed as much as the city 's two aggressive towing companies : Tremont Towing and Beach Towing .
Dan Sostheim 's story wo n't help their popularity .
A few weeks ago , the South Beach transplant parked his bright orange Hummer H2 on Meridian Avenue around midnight .
He did n't know his residential parking pass had just expired .
When he returned to get the vehicle the next morning , it was gone .
He made a few phone calls , found out Tremont took the truck , and headed over to the shop on Bay Road .
Employees informed him that in order to claim it , he'd have to pay a fee and show a current registration or title .
But when he reached into his glove compartment for the papers , he found the registration was " mysteriously missing . "
With no papers , the company would be able to hold his automobile at a storage fee of $ 26.70 per day until he could prove it was his .
For Sostheim , this meant racking up more charges over the weekend , until the DMV opened Monday .
He suspected foul play .
" The whole thing stinks from top to bottom , " he tells Riptide .
So Sostheim called Miami Beach Police to the scene to help him verify the truck was indeed his .
When police arrived , an officer told him there was nothing he could do because the conflict was a civil matter .
" How can the police department be trumped by a towing company ? " Sostheim says .
" It does n't make sense . "
Since January 1 , eight reports have been made with the MBPD over stolen items at Tremont ; 10 if you count informal phone calls .
Overall incident reports at that address in the same period add up to 286 — or about 1.7 per day .
Sgt. Wayne Jones says the numbers do n't surprise him .
" It 's a towing company .
It would be unfair to single out one as worse than the other , " he says .
Tremont management argues proof of ownership should be easily faxed by an insurance company .
" There are cameras everywhere .
There 's no reason for us to steal , " says Euidu , a 15 - year employee of Tremont who would n't give his last name .
Since 2002 , the City of Miami Beach has collected $ 25 for every car towed on public property .
The money goes back to the city 's parking fund to pay for things such as road maintenance , street signs , and employee salaries .
Sostheim says the policy encourages the city to look the other way when towing companies are abusive .
" Nobody 's thinking of the people who live on this little island , " he says .
" I 'm moving .
It 's too ridiculous . "
Like many professions who kill people with some regularity , doctors have elaborate systems for seeing what went wrong afterwards , and the answer is rarely " Brian did it " .
This week the papers have been alive with criticism for quack nutritionism after the case of Dawn Page , a 52 - year - old with two children .
She ended up in intensive care , with seizures brought on by sodium deficiency , and left with permanent brain damage , after following the advice of " nutritional therapist " Barbara Nash .
Nash denies liability .
Her insurers paid out £ 810,000 .
I will now defend the nutritional therapist Barbara Nash .
There is no doubt that people who declare themselves to be healthcare practitioners are a risk , by virtue of sheer uncalibrated self - belief .
It takes strong nerves to tell a customer following The Amazing Hydration Diet - dramatically increasing water intake , and reducing salt intake - that their uncontrollable vomiting is simply " part of the detoxification process " , as Nash is alleged to have done .
In fact , Page 's lawyers claimed , at this point she was told by Nash to increase her water intake from four extra pints a day to six .
But I put it to the kangaroo court of the international news media that Nash 's confidence in her own judgment cannot be seen outside of its social context , and will doubtless have been bolstered by a number of different factors .
After completing the rigorous training at the " College of Natural Nutrition " , anyone would naturally believe themselves to be appropriately qualified , and able to give advice confidently .
That is certainly the impression I have from reading their website .
Nash 's confidence in her own abilities seems entirely congruent with that world view .
Then there are the professional bodies .
They have been rather keen to distance themselves from Nash .
In the Daily Telegraph , for example : " The British Association for Applied Nutrition and Nutritional Therapy ( Bant ) which has its own code of conduct , said Mrs Nash was not a member . "
This is not the entire truth .
Nash is advertised on yell.com as a member of Bant .
In fact , she was indeed a member of Bant , until 2007 .
Membership of Bant carries such privileges as " a listing in the Bant Directory of Practitioners , which is available to the public and entry on the Bant website " and " acknowledgement of professional status by the Nutritional Therapy Council " .
So endorsed , Nash would once again have perfectly reasonable grounds for a strong faith in her own abilities .
The episode with Page on intensive care occurred in 2001 .
These honours were conferred upon her by Bant in 2005 .
Looking at Nash 's website , I see she carries testimonials from her own appearances on ITV Central 's Shape Up for Summer slot : " When I met Barbara ( who was the nutritionist for this Central TV programme ) , I was n't really sure how her eating plan would help me ...
However , it did involve one aspect that I found very difficult to follow , drinking four pints of water a day .
I would be the first person to say that I was sceptical but as I had volunteered to take part , I felt that I at least owed it to everyone to try .
Was I surprised by the results ! "
Promoted , endorsed , trained and buoyed , Nash had good reason to think that what she was doing was sensible and correct .
Dawn
Page similarly had every reason to believe that Nash was competent .
They were both reinforced in these views by the College of Natural Nutrition , the British Association of Nutritional Therapists , Central TV , and every single journalist , editor , commissioner , and producer who has shepherded this bizarre world of made - up nutritional nonsense into our lives .
The specific harm done in this one episode is tragic .
It always is .
The real measure of professionalism is how you investigate , and what you change : in this case , everyone is queueing up to hold out Nash as solely responsible , and there is not one single crack of critical self - reflection .
· Please send your bad science to bad.science@theguardian.com
" I 'm concerned about the potential for friction between the prime minister and the head of state , " he said .
" That would be , I think , counterproductive .
" People will say they have elected heads of state in this country or that country and it seems to work .
Maybe .
" I wonder within the Australian psyche if someone was elected with , say , 5 million votes and felt passionately about an issue , whether that might cause a potential problem between the head of state and the prime minister .
I 'm not saying it would , but I 'm saying the risk is there and that is something that would have to be very , very carefully considered .
I think the beauty about our present system is that governors and governors - general are not elected and therefore are bound to act on the advice of ministers provided that advice is constitutionally correct and legal . "
General Jeffery said the governor - general 's key function was " to be the constitutional guarantor … to ensure at the federal level that the prime minister of the day behaves himself or herself constitutionally " .
He said the head of state must be very careful not to upstage the prime minister or talk about policy .
" You ca n't stand up and say what the opposition is proposing in relation to taxation or something is right and what the government is doing is wrong . "
The Prime Minister , Kevin Rudd , has put the spark back into the republican debate by promising to consult the public through plebiscites to choose a model to be put to a referendum .
General Jeffery stressed he was not commenting for or against a republic .
While he had not detected a passionate desire from the public to replace the Queen , " I 'm never against change .
I think if you can work out ways of better governing the country - that 's the way I put it - then fine .
We should always look at ways of improving our system of government in the same way we do with business and academia .
But you 've got to have a foundation and a basis of knowledge from which to make those decisions and I think that … is summed up in having a good understanding of civics . "
It was " too hard to say " if a republic was inevitable but a first step should be to educate citizens how the present system works .
He pointed to political chaos in other countries .
" Some of them are so - called democracies , but they 're not democracies because they have n't got the checks and balances in their system , otherwise these things would n't be able to take place .
" I think [ our system ] is taken for granted because it 's worked so seamlessly and so effectively .
Look at the seamless transition of power from Mr Howard to Mr Rudd and the lovely way it was done : the two families having a cup of coffee at the Lodge and handing over the keys …
We have had 100 years of political stability and I do n't think that 's happened by accident .
I think it 's happened because checks and balances were put in place by our founding fathers , and citizens should understand what they are . "
He revealed he had " sent back " about 15 pieces of legislation or items requiring his assent , but would not say what they were .
" It might be that I need more information or I think the thing could be better expressed or its not clear in its intent .
Invariably departments and ministers correct it .
Sometimes they 'll withdraw it . "
The humorously bitter video series You Suck at Photoshop will return June 27 after a fan backlash erupted following the show ’s abrupt ending earlier this year .
Show co-creators Matt Bledsoe and Troy Hitch will revisit their deliriously demented video tutorials , which feature miserable office drone ( and photo - editing expert ) Donnie Hoyle delivering caustic , bite - size lessons in layering effects , clone stamping and the quickest route to getting fired .
" Once fans began to realize this was the end of Donnie Hoyle , there was a sudden outcry of anger and confusion , " said Hitch , who voices the tutorials , in a phone interview .
" People were sending hate mail … posting [ threatening ] comments and generally doing everything in their individual web 2.0 power to get us to bring Donnie back . "
" It was truly the will of the people that took us down this path , " added Bledsoe , who said the duo was motivated to bring the show back after seeing " hundreds of people submitting Photoshop tributes " in Donnie ’s memory .
Tallying more than 9 million pageviews over the 10 - episode run and picking up two Webby wins ( for " Best How - to " and " Best Comedy Series — People ’s Voice " ) did n’t hurt either .
Bledsoe and Hitch , partners at ad agency Big
Fat Institute , said they think You Suck at Photoshop ‘s desperately dorky and spastic lead character resonated so strongly with viewers because it was n’t immediately evident that Donnie was fictional .
" Donnie can out - Photoshop 90 percent of the population , but that ’s the only thing he has going for him , " said Hitch .
" So [ he ] was born of a lot of people we ’ve met working in advertising , people like him with chips on their shoulders . "
" We used eBay auctions , Facebook accounts and fake websites to dimensionalize Donnie , " said Bledsoe .
" And hundreds of people could call in and talk to [ Donnie ’s hardcore World of Warcraft guildmate ] Sn4tchbuckl3r on his Skype account .
It all went way past the typical viewing experience . "
Die -hard Donnie fans will be pleased to discover that his sudden disappearance after an eerily calm meltdown during his 10th Photoshop lesson ( embedded ) was more metaphorical than physical .
Future tutorials wo n’t take place in a mental hospital or behind bars , as the SWAT team bursting in during the show ’s final episode might suggest .
The question remaining for fans is , where did Donnie go ?
" That answer lies in Peopleburg , " said Hitch , referring to the online role - playing game at the center of Sn4tchbuckl3 r ’s Second
Chance , a You Suck at Photoshop spinoff about Donnie ’s gamer friend .
In the spinoff , Sn4tchbuckl3r flees to an online rehabilitation game to deal with his addiction to MMORPGs .
" Look to episode 5 [ of Sn4tchbuckl3 r ’s Second Chance , which airs this week ] , " said Hitch .
" That is really going to catalyze what ’s going to happen with Donnie .
It ’s no coincidence that Snatch got a mysterious invitation to join
Peopleburg right when Donnie disappeared . "
Though Bledsoe and Hitch are n’t revealing too much about the next 10 episodes of You Suck at Photoshop , they say the fans are the biggest compass pointing toward the show ’s future .
" We are always looking at the show comments to decide what ’s next , " said Hitch .
" The audience around Donnie is the strongest influence on the show , so as long as fans are there , we ’re going to carry on . "
Season 2 of You Suck at Photoshop launches June 27 on My Damn Channel .
New episodes will be released every other Friday .
Photo of Matt Bledsoe , left , and Troy Hitch courtesy My Damn Channel
See also :
Underwire 2.0 : Jenna Wortham ’s Del.icio.us feeds ; The Underwire on Twitter and Facebook .
I was pretty sure that shop - till - you - droppers could n’t hurt the environment or themselves as long as the hoofed it everywhere they went .
Of course , retailers have to keep the lights on , heat and cool facilities at all ungodly hours so that shoppers could get the ‘ unique shopping experience . ’
Until now .
Shoppers do n’t even have to do the walk , get exercise , kick off their high heels anymore .
In Shanghai there is a mini-metro train that runs INSIDE the mall .
Exhausted ladies can hop a ride and be dropped off at Coldstone Ice Cream .
Not only that , the train can go anywhere inside the 6 - story home furnishing mall .
Yeah , I want to see how this train goes up and down the stairs , too .
Feeling guilty ?
( I doubt this )
But , the mall has designed the interior of the building to include many trees and water landscapes .
Is n’t that nice ?
Shoppers can feel like they are being kind to the environment while they use up even more energy to get around .
Something tells me that malls like this are going backwards when it comes to being ‘ green . ’
I think malls ought to be open only during the daytime when it ’s cool out and only at night when it ’s hot .
But , do n’t tell my wife I said that .
source
QR Code Link to This Post
I just thought you should know that nobody ( NOBODY ) ever eats any of the blue raspberry flavored Jolly Ranchers from the candy dish on our reception counter in our office .
EVER .
When it 's time to re-fill the candy dish , there are always those ugly nonappetizing blue raspberry fuckers all abandoned at the bottom of the dish .
I have my opinions on why this phenomenon occurs .
For one , that color should not be associated with food .
It was really a bad idea .
That flavor just screws up the whole assorted flavors bag and I was just wondering if perhaps there is a group of blue raspberry advocates somewhere that have convinced you to continue to make these ?
I have been the candy bitch here for going on two years and I am just at a loss .
What do I do with all these neglected , disgusting , blue raspberry Jolly Ranchers ?
I almost want to send them back to you , so that you can send them on to the blue raspberry fan club .
I used to gather them up sadly from the bottom of the dish and put them aside in this other cup .
I do n't like to be wasteful .
Now I simply throw them away as soon as they come tumbling out of the bag into the candy dish .
Quite frankly , I have never even tasted one of these things .
They could taste awesome !
Aside from the fact that nobody has ever HEARD of a blue raspberry , I 'm sure they taste quite good .
I just can't bring myself to put that radioactive nuclear flourescent unnatural color into my mouth .
I 'm pretty sure my teeth and gums would probably be stained blue .
I think at the very least , you should consider changing the color of the blue raspberry Jolly Rancher .
Maybe just eliminate the blue part altogether .
By the way , what 's wrong with good ole plain raspberry ?
Now that 's a good flavor .
I know you already have cherry and watermelon flavors hogging up the red category , but surely you could come up with something .
To be honest , the bright neon blue color really fucks up the feng shui of my candy dish , with its appetizing array of purple , green , red and red Jolly Ranchers , co-mingling with the ever - popular Reese 's PB cups , Hershey 's miniatures and Hershey 's Nut Lovers miniatures .
The Twix and the M&Ms hardly ever stay in the dish long enough to look pretty , but that is to be expected .
Fed
Ex delivery folks and office visitors of all ilk pounce on those like they are hundred dollar bills .
On a completely unrelated note , perhaps it 's time for me to start looking for a more exciting job .
Thank you for your time .
And remember , nobody wants to eat flourescent blue candy .
Sincerely , The Receptionist
“ Like ‘ Matilda , ’ this had topnotch moral lessons in terms of choices that a 13 - year - old girl has to make . ”
is to step behind the camera once again to directandin “ “ , according to Variety DeVito wrote the script , an adaptation of the bestselling young adult novel written by Avi .
The film is in pre-production , with shooting to begin in September .
Ronan has been cast for the title character – a teen who makes a trans -Atlantic crossing from England to America in the 1830s .
During the journey , she finds herself in the middle of conflict between the ship ’s captain and his mutinous crew .
Brosnan has signed to play the ship ’s captain and Freeman will handle the role of ship ’s cook – who also helps Ronan on her journey .
DeVito , who will not appear in the film , returns to young adult fare for the first time as director since “ , ” the 1996 adaptation of thenovel .
He ’s worked on the script for several years .
The film will be produced byandandare handling executive producing chores .
In Variety , DeVito stated :
( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama told CNN on Wednesday the recent uproar over his former pastor 's sermons has reminded him of the odds he faces in winning the White House .
Sen . Barack Obama opens up in a one - on - one exclusive interview with Anderson Cooper .
" In some ways , this controversy has actually shaken me up a little bit and gotten me back into remembering that the odds of me getting elected have always been lower than some of the other conventional candidates , " the Illinois senator told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an exclusive one - on - one interview .
Obama declined to speculate on whether the controversy surrounding the Rev. Jeremiah Wright 's sermons may damage him politically , but said his campaign does best when it does n't follow the " textbook . "
" If I was just running the textbook campaign -- doing the conventional thing -- I probably was n't going to win because Sen . [ Hillary ]
Clinton was going to be much more capable of doing that than I would be , " he said .
" We had tremendous success , and I think we were starting to get a little comfortable and conventional right before Texas and Ohio . "
The exclusive interview came one day after Obama delivered a speech on race and politics in Philadelphia , during which he denounced some of Wright 's comments , but said he could not repudiate the man himself .
" I can no more disown him than I can disown the black community .
I can no more disown him than I can my white grandmother .
These people are a part of me .
And they are a part of America , this country that I love , " Obama said in the speech .
Asked why he did n't denounce the controversial comment when he first heard of them more than a year ago , Obama noted Wright was on the verge of retirement .
" I told him that I profoundly disagreed with his positions .
As I said before , he was on , at that stage , on the verge of retirement .
...
You make decisions about these issues .
And my belief was that given that he was about to retire , that for me to make a political statement respecting my church at that time was n't necessary . "
Watch him discuss his former pastor »
In the wide - ranging interview , Obama also hit back at rival Clinton 's recent claims that he is standing in the way of revotes in Florida and Michigan .
" Sen . Clinton , I have to say on this , has been completely disingenuous .
She said when she was still trying to compete with the votes in Iowa and New Hampshire that Michigan and Florida would n't count , " he said .
" Then , as soon as she got into trouble politically and it looked like she would have no prospects of winning the nomination without having them count , suddenly she 's extraordinarily concerned with the voters there . "
" I understand the politics of it , but let 's be clear that it 's politics , " he added .
" I want the Michigan delegation and the Florida delegation to be seated .
And however the Democratic National Committee determines we can get that done , I 'm happy to abide by those rules . "
Watch what Obama has to say about DNC rules »
Those comments come hours after Clinton made a trip to Michigan and directly urged Obama to join her call to count the Michigan and Florida votes or hold new elections in those states .
" Sen . Obama speaks passionately on the trail about empowering American people .
Today , I am urging him to match those words with actions to make sure people of Michigan and Florida have a voice and a vote in this election , " Clinton said at a campaign rally in Detroit .
" This is a crucial test [ for Obama ] -- does he mean what he says or not ? "
Michigan and Florida held primaries in January , but the national party stripped them of their delegates for scheduling their contests too early .
Michigan has 157 Democratic delegates at stake , and Florida has 211 .
On the issue of Iraq , Obama said significant improvements have been made , but the U.S. strategy " continues to be a failed strategy . "
Watch him explain his Iraq position »
" I mean , no one has answered the question as to how this operation in Iraq -- that has now lasted five years , will have cost us more than a trillion dollars and thousands of lives -- how this has made us more safe . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Barack Obama • U.S. Presidential Election • Iraq War
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Fifty years ago the last atomic bomb test shook the Pacific ’s Bikini Atoll .
Now corals are flourishing here again — though with 42 fewer species than prior to the bomb blasts .
At least 28 of the missing corals appear to be genuine local extinctions , victims of the 23 bombs exploded at Bikini between 1946 and 1958 .
An international team has been surveying biodiversity at the atoll , including diving into the 1954 Bravo Crater , site of the most powerful American atomic bomb ever exploded ( 15 megatons , 1,000 times bigger than Hiroshima ) .
The Bravo bomb vaporized three islands , raised water temperatures to 100,00 degrees F , shook islands 125 miles away and left a crater 1.25 miles wide and 240 feet deep .
The 1946 point of view .
“ The missing corals are fragile lagoonal specialists — slender branching or leafy forms that you only find in the sheltered waters of a lagoon , ” says Zoe Richards of the Australian Research Council Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies and James Cook University .
Bikini Atoll has been unpopulated and largely unvisited in the decades since the blasts , and reveals how in the absence of more modern stressors like overfishing and overpopulation some corals have the capacity to recover from vast upheavals .
Because of its incredible history and current undisturbed character , Bikini Atoll is now the focus of an ongoing effort to list the northern Marshall Island atolls as a World Heritage Site .
Hope the US is spearheading and funding that effort .
Seems the least we can do .
Julia Whitty is Mother Jones ’ environmental correspondent , lecturer , and 2008 winner of the Kiriyama Prize and the John Burroughs Medal Award .
You can read from her new book , The Fragile Edge , and other writings , here .
Asta has acquired Friday Media / Friday Lite
In July 2014 , Friday Media Pty Ltd /( Friday Lite Pty Ltd ) was acquired by Asta , an End - to - End IT services provider specialising in software development , managed IT services and business consulting .
This acquisition has allowed us to offer Asta and Friday Media Pty Ltd / Friday Lite Pty Ltd clients greater capability , a wider range of skills and expertise and an enhanced single portal into a broader spectrum of IT services .
Please visit astasolutions.com.au and contact us directly for any enquiries at info@astasolutions.com.au
Visit the Asta website
I wish I had n’t waited so long to read this paper .
It ’s got three of my favorite things in a graphics paper : it ’s image - space , it ’s got a proof rather than hand waving , and it ’s clever !
It contains some damned pretty images too .
The setup is pretty much the same as every image - space rendering algorithm .
You render a few buffers ( 3D position and normal ) of the refractive object from the view of the light .
Like most image - space algorithms , you want to consider each texel in these buffers to be a small surface .
To calculate the caustics on the scene , you want to know where the light refracted through each of these surfaces ends up in the 3D scene .
This is the hard part about rendering caustics , because you need to know where the refracted ray intersects the scene .
Ray - scene intersection on the GPU = impractical ( though obviously not impossible ) .
This is the problem that this paper takes a hack at .
By additionally rendering the 3D positions of the scene ( sans - refractive object ) from the view of the light , this algorithm totally bypasses explicit ray - scene intersection .
The paper outlines an iterative method which moves toward the correct distance along the refracted ray at which it intersects a scene surface , in image - space .
The algorithm is as follows :
Assume an initial distance d along the refracted ray
do for some number of iterations :
Backproject the 3D position P1 at length d along the ray into view space of the camera
at length along the ray into view space of the camera
Use the calculated view space position to get the 3D position P2 of the scene from the scene position buffer
of the scene from the scene position buffer Use the distance between the P1 and P2 as the new estimate for d
The paper offers a proof of convergence based on Newton ’s method .
By repeating this process for each texel in the refractive object buffer and splatting the refracted flux onto the scene at the 3D position calculated by the iterative process above , voila caustics .
One problem with a naive implementation is that the amount of flux splatted onto the scene is dependent on the number of texels covered by the refractive object in the refractive object buffers .
The paper states that the flux contribution of each texel is the flux at the surface ( N dot L ) multiplied by the reciprocal of the projected area of the object in the refracted object buffer .
The paper does n’t state this , but I believe that this should additionally be multiplied by a fresnel term .
The projected area is calculated by performing an occlusion query from the view of the light .
I think the method in this paper is very practical .
The frame rates are fantastic .
They suggest two buffers for the refractive objective information but it could be stored in one RGBA texture by storing depth in one channel and backprojecting / unprojecting the depth to 3D position .
This will save a bit on bandwidth and utilize the ALU a bit more .
Musawir A. Shah , Jaakko Konttinen , Sumanta Pattanaik .
“ Caustics Mapping : An Image - space Technique for Real - time Caustics ”
To appear in IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics ( TVCG ) .
paper – project page
Go to any American college and pick up the campus newspaper .
Flip to the opinion pages , or maybe the arts section — notably , almost never the political section — and you ’ll see the legacy of Hunter Thompson torn and frayed , stretched thin like a t - shirt after its hundredth wash .
His is the kind of reputation that lives on even in people who have n’t read a word by the man .
Maybe they ’re fans of Chuck Klosterman or Neal Pollack , or maybe they ’re entranced by Keith Olbermann ’s “ innovative ” mixture of newsroom atmosphere and proudly objective asides .
Thompson — the man , the style , the ethos , the legend , and more rarely , the writing — has been mainstream for years , the journalistic equivalent of a bottle of Jerry Garcia wine . *
And when people think of “ gonzo , ” the first thing that probably comes to mind is a mixture of 60s - era psychedelic drug imagery and the serpentine walk of Johnny Depp in Terry Gilliam ’s film version of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , the poster for which is another perennial college accessory nowadays .
Alex Gibney , whose new documentary Gonzo : The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson opened in select cities on July 4 , refreshingly acknowledges in his film that Thompson ’s transition from renegade to cliché is the man ’s own fault as much as anyone ’s .
He even pinpoints the moment at which Thompson ’s persona swallowed him whole — October 30 , 1974 , the day of the famed Foreman - Ali Rumble in the Jungle .
Thompson was in Zaire to cover the event for Rolling Stone , but chose to skip the fight itself and instead drink near the hotel pool .
He ’d spent the previous decade habitually bumping up against missed deadlines and blown assignments , but Zaire was the first time that he ’d actually dropped the ball and produced nothing .
Gibney posits , and is backed up by testimony from Thompson ’s friends and ex-wife , that this was the moment when Thompson stopped being a real writer and instead started coasting on Raoul Duke autopilot .
Gonzo is a fun movie almost by default ; you ’d have to be a pathologically dull person to make a boring movie out of Thompson ’s decades - long lifestyle of pills , pot , booze , guns , and fuck - all libertarianism .
Thompson ’s story encompasses the Hell ’s Angels , the Summer of Love , the 1968 DNC riots , the rise and demise of hippie culture , the screaming birth of New Journalism , Vietnam , and of course , Richard Nixon .
And his heyday , both as a prose innovator and a public figure , coincided directly with the most talked - and written - about decade in modern American history , roughly 1965 to 1975 .
Gibney captures this decade quite well , luckily avoiding cliché simply because Thompson himself managed to do so most of that time .
He was older than most of the hippie generation ( born in 1937 ) , and was a father by the time the real cultural tumult of the late 60s got underway .
He was , despite appearances , a shrewd and hard - working writer , famously retyping The Great Gatsby and A Farewell to Arms in their entirety just so he ’d know what it was like to produce a masterpiece .
Thompson was aligned with the counterculture ’s embrace of drugs , but not with their pacifism or their music ; his politics were based more in a general mistrust of all authority than a specific liberal or conservative ideology .
Thus Gibney ’s impressive list of interviewees includes many of Thompson ’s varied friends from throughout the years : Jimmy Carter , Pat Buchanan , George McGovern , Jann Wenner , Jimmy Buffett , and more .
Yet for all the 60s - era trappings , the talk of acid and the frequent gun blasts , Gibney ’s documentary is a pretty straightforward piece of work at heart .
He focuses primarily on Thompson ’s most fertile artistic period , relying on a mixture of Johnny Depp voiceover readings from the man ’s writings , interview testimony from his wives , friends , and son , and archival footage of Thompson ’s life .
No one familiar with Thompson will find much new information here , other than some anecdotal knowledge .
( My own favorite anecdote is from Thompson ’s 1970 campaign for sheriff of Pitkin County , CO , during which he shaved his head in order to refer to the incumbent Republican as “ My long - haired opponent . ” )
Gonzo functions primarily as an introduction to Thompson , and the best compliment I can give it is that I left the theater wanting to read more by the guy .
This is no small endorsement .
I have quibbles with Gibney ’s approach — his Errol Morris - style reenactments are particularly out of place and are realistic to the point of near - dishonesty — but perhaps this is the kind of Hunter Thompson documentary that the world needs .
We ’ve already had two fictionalized and mythologizing accounts of the man ’s craziest elements ( Bill Murray played Thompson in 1980 ’s Where the Buffalo Roam ) , and a forthcoming film of The Rum Diary will surely add to the pile - on .
The most revered passage of his writing is n’t the many Nixon takedowns , his groundbreaking Hell ’s Angels book , or his infamous article " The Kentucky Derby is Decadent and Depraved , " but the litany of drugs that Raoul Duke recounts at the beginning of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas .
Thompson ’s primary legacy is that of a relic from the acid era , rather than the searing satirist he was in his prime .
If nothing else , Gonzo places the emphasis back on Thompson the writer , the firebrand , rather than the time capsule .
Gibney would have been truer to his subject , however , had he borrowed more of Thompson ’s penchant for burrowing into the dark heart of his stories .
The movie does n’t ignore Thompson ’s late - period decline ( he had a mild resurgence with his “ Hey , Rube ” column on ESPN.com ’s Page 2 , particularly in the post - 9/11 first Bush term ) , but his movie would be even more culturally useful had he not left out , for instance , the fact that Thompson shot and wounded a woman on his Colorado property in 2000 .
Gibney acknowledges that his last years were basically an extended bout of substance - enhanced mayhem on his Woody Creek ranch , but this is no small detail to ignore .
Also lost in the Thompson love - fest is the other , non-pharmaceutical reason for his post - 70s decline — namely , that his stock - in - trade was that most tenuously inspirational of preoccupations , vitriol .
He was political only in the sense that politics and politicians represented the most stultifying and visible version of societal authority , and Thompson ’s entire life was a continuing whiskey - soaked howl against any oppositional or controlling force .
As such , his writing was never better than when he abhorred something or someone ; hatred was the electricity behind his best metaphors and observations , such as this gem about Nixon :
For years I ’ve regarded his very existence as a monument to all the rancid genes and broken chromosomes that corrupt the possibilities of the American Dream ; he was a foul caricature of himself , a man with no soul , no inner convictions , with the integrity of a hyena and the style of a poison toad .
I could n’t imagine him laughing at anything except maybe a paraplegic who wanted to vote Democratic but could n’t quite reach the lever on the voting machine .
Or , since this stuff is so much fun to quote , how about his description of a drunken Texan at the Kentucky Derby :
Anybody who wanders around the world saying , “ Hell yes , I ’m from Texas , ” deserves whatever happens to him .
And he had , after all , come here once again to make a nineteenth - century ass of himself in the midst of some jaded , atavistic freakout with nothing to recommend it except a very saleable “ tradition . ”
Thompson was funniest and wittiest when in the throes of disgust , but you ca n’t stay disgusted forever without becoming disgusting yourself .
When Nixon left the political arena , Thompson never had another equivalent adversary again , and it ’s no wonder that his existence became more and more secluded and nihilistically bacchanalian .
He died at the relatively young age of 67 , but he already looked over 80 ; his was a lifestyle that could n’t sustain itself , and like his writing , it was a great time for a while until the center could no longer hold .
Gonzo is an encomium , however , not a takedown .
Gibney corrects the overly heroic view of Hunter Thompson by refocusing the gaze on his writing , but he would have done an even greater service to future susceptible gonzo - worshippers by further emphasizing Thompson ’s decline into self - parody and self - abuse .
Anything to make today ’s burgeoning , faux - Raoul Dukes realize that Thompson was a true original , and as such , irreplaceable .
* No offense to the excellent and Thompson - inspired Flying Dog brewery in Aspen , who use Ralph Steadman ’s drawings for their graphic design ; try their pale ale , seriously .
Gonzo : The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson , directed by Alex Gibney .
Magnolia Pictures , Rated R , 118 min .
Now playing in select cities .
Visco e i redditi on - line : “ Non vedo problemi , c’è in tutto il mondo , basta vedere qualsiasi telefim americano ” 6 maggio , 2008
Posted by marinfaliero in O tempora o more Tags : redditi online
Secondo il Garante per la Privacy la diffusione in rete dei dati relativi ai nostri redditi è dunque illegittima .
Lo scrive chiaramente l’Autorità Garante nel provvedimento pubblicato oggi e consultabile ( il destino … ) su Internet .
Chissà come la prenderà il Ministro Visco , in carica come tutto il Governo Prodi per la gestione dei cosiddetti ‘ affari correnti ’ , che dichiarava tranquillo lo scorso 30 aprile al Corriere della Sera :
VISCO : « FATTO DI DEMOCRAZIA » – Dopo le prime critiche all ’iniziativa , è stato lo stesso viceministro all ’ Economia , Vincenzo Visco , a dichiarare che si tratta di « un fatto di trasparenza , di democrazia » .
« Non vedo problemi – ha aggiunto – c’è in tutto il mondo , basta vedere qualsiasi telefilm americano .
Era già pronto per gennaio , ma per evitare le polemiche in campagna elettorale ho chiesto di pubblicarle più tardi » .
Quello che fa veramente sorprendere , peraltro , é che nessuno si sia preoccupato di chiedere al Garante quel parere preventivo che impone la legge , come stigmatizzato nello stesso provvedimento :
L’Autorità ha poi rilevato che non è stato chiesto al Garante il parere preventivo prescritto per legge .
Si può credere che i funzionari del Ministero e dell ’Agenzia delle Entrate abbiamo ignorato grossolanamente l’esistenza dell ’
Authority prima di realizzare un errore di tale portata ?
Sono noti nel mondo per la loro idolatria pagana della burocrazia ed il coraggio leonino nel prendere decisioni , certo si fatica ad immaginarli così gagliardi verso iniziative che avrebbero sicuramente sortito polemiche e tonanti reazioni trasversali .
Allora , perchè ?
Mi viene da pensare che Visco , pur avendo ‘ spontaneamente ’ rinunciato a ricandidarsi alle recenti elezioni , abbia voluto togliersi un sassolino dalla scarpa per mettere in cattiva luce i suoi vecchi compagni di avventura , che certo non si sono fatti in quattro per mantenerlo in sella .
Ma io sono cinico e malizioso anche se non noto un gran affollamento di politici che lo difendono o minimizzano quanto è accaduto .
Quanto alle conseguenze della ‘ condotta illegittima ’ , che se accertata dovrebbe prevedere sanzioni penali tra i 6 ed i 24 mesi di reclusione , non mi pongo problemi , nei telefilm americani , quando uno commette un reato , la paga sempre cara .
LONDON , July 2 / PRNewswire / --
The In - Depth Report Examining Internet Pharmacies and Life - saving Medicines Purchased Online was Presented Today by the EAASM at the 3rd Annual Pharmaceutical Anti Counterfeiting Conference in London .
The European Alliance for Access to Safe Medicines ( EAASM ) has today unveiled its comprehensive research report - The Counterfeiting Superhighway .
The report reveals that a frightening 62 % of medicines purchased online are fake or substandard .
These include medicines indicated to treat serious conditions such as cardiovascular and respiratory disease , neurological disorders and mental health conditions .
The rapid growth of illegal online pharmacies means there is a higher risk that fake medicines will reach patients .
Untrained , unsuspecting consumers are extremely vulnerable to the potentially lethal outcomes of buying medicines online .
The Counterfeiting Superhighway report reveals the scope and repercussions of this growing , dangerous practice through extensive research and examination .
Following in - depth analysis of over one hundred online pharmacies , commonly purchased prescription - only medicines were ordered online .
(1) All medicines were delivered without requiring the sight of a prescription .
This is illegal and presents a serious threat to public health .
Expert visual and chemical analysis of the prescription - only medicines purchased online compounded the desk research findings .
- 95.6 % of online pharmacies researched are operating illegally .
- 94 % of websites do not have a named , verifiable pharmacist .
- Over 90 % of websites supply prescription - only medicines without a prescription .
- 86 % of online ' pharmacy approval ' stamps are fake .
The report demonstrates that there is a three in five chance of receiving fake or substandard medicine when you buy online .
Whilst only 38 % of the medicines received were found to be genuine branded medicines , 16 % of these were illegal non-EU imports ( genuine products , imported into the EU illegally from a non -EU country ) and 33 % did not have patient information leaflets , which in itself is also illegal and potentially dangerous to consumers ' health .
Shockingly , on a number of occasions , the life - saving cardiovascular medicine ' Plavix ' was supplied with free ' Viagra ' ( or products purporting to be these medicines ) .
Anyone who is taking medicines for a serious heart condition should be under close medical supervision , especially when taking a cocktail of drugs for other conditions , including erectile dysfunction .
Dr Ian Banks , President , European Men's Health Forum : " I was alarmed to see that a number of the ' medicines ' delivered were accompanied by free , unsolicited tablets , provided without any medical assessment .
Far from rewarding consumers with ' bonus pills ' , this practice shows that these unscrupulous , criminal online drug traders appear willing to potentially risk the health and well - being of their customers . "
Among a number of recommendations , the report suggests that popular search engines such as Google , Yahoo and MSN should remove web pages from search results which advertise counterfeit medicines .
This tactic has already proved successful in preventing people from accessing child pornography websites , so surely similar success can be achieved with combating illegal online pharmacies .
Jim Thomson , Chair , EAASM : " The report findings are shocking and the story it tells demands action .
Consumers are susceptible to fake medicines which could harm their health , and in extreme cases be deadly .
The EAASM calls on all stakeholders including search engines , credit card companies , shipping companies , patient groups and regulators , to take action and halt this dangerous trend . "
The European Alliance for Access to Safe Medicines ( EAASM ) was founded in 2007 and is an independent , cross- sector voice representing European patients ' rights to access safe medicines .
The Alliance acts to raise awareness of the risks of counterfeit and substandard medicines to patient safety , address the shortcomings of current legislation and enforcement , and campaign for greater protection for European patients
The full report is available to download from http://www.eaasm.eu ( currently available in English only ) .
( 1 ) .
List of products purchased online Cardiovascular and respiratory : Lipitor ( Pfizer ) , Plavix ( sanofi- aventis ) , Seretide ( GSK ) , Coversyl ( Servier ) , Micardis ( Boehringer - Ingelheim ) , Spiriva ( Boehringer - Ingelheim ) Mental health : Zyprexa ( Lilly ) , Efexor ( Wyeth ) , Risperdal ( J&J ) Alzheimer 's disease : Aricept ( Pfizer ) , Reminyl ( Shire ) Men 's health : Cialis ( Lilly ) , Levitra ( Bayer - Schering ) , Viagra ( Pfizer ) , Propecia ( MSD ) Other : Zoton ( Wyeth ) , Reductil ( Abbott ) , Mirapex ( Boehringer - Ingelheim )
Search for Missing Fla .
Toddler Continues
Investigators search for missing two - year - old who has not been seen for 5 weeks .
July 18 , 2008  --
The search continued Friday for Caylee Anthony , a Florida toddler who disappeared five weeks ago but was only reported missing on Wednesday , police said .
Late Thursday night , Orange County Sherriff 's deputies dug up the backyard of Caylee 's grandparents ' home after they received a tip from a neighbor claiming the girl 's mother , Casey Anthony , borrowed a shovel from them a month ago , according to the Orlando Sentinel .
Meanwhile , in an interview with Orlando ABC affiliate WFTV , the mother 's former fiancé was cryptic when asked whether Casey Anthony could have killed Caylee , age 2 .
" I do n't want to say yes or no to that .
I really do n't know , " Jesse , who did n't want his last name used , told the TV station .
According to police , Caylee 's 22 - year - old mother told them she dropped off the child with a babysitter on June 9 .
The sitter , Zenaida Gonzalez , whom Anthony claims to have known for four years , had watched Caylee on and off over the last year and a half , Anthony said .
Anthony told police that when she returned to the apartment after work there was no answer , according to a police report .
She says she began to search places that she knew Gonzalez visited but was unable to locate Caylee or the babysitter .
Anthony said that she has been conducting her own investigation but never went to authorities .
" Detectives are very concerned , " Deputy Sheriff Carlos Padilla of the Orange County Sherriff 's Office tells ABCNews.com .
" We are talking five weeks here .
The quicker you call , the easier it is to track someone down . "
Frustrated investigators held a press conference Thursday afternoon to plead for the public 's for assistance in tracking down Caylee .
" We are no further than we were yesterday at this time , " said Padilla .
Authorities were finally notified of Caylee 's disappearance on Wednesday after her grandmother , Cynthia Anthony , called police , she told ABCNews.com .
" I first learned Caylee was missing on Tuesday of this week .
I found something that put Casey in Orlando instead of Jacksonville and she was without Caylee .
When I found out I called the police , " said Cynthia .
" Casey was an excellent mother .
A loving mother .
I have no reason to doubt anything other than that , " she added .
According to police , Anthony has made excuses for her daughter 's absence over the past month , including telling friends that Caylee was at Disneyland , Universal Studios or the beach with her " nanny . "
" Mommy kept making up excuses as to where Caylee was , and the grandmother finally located [ Anthony ] and was insistent in seeing Caylee .
The daughter finally told her and the grandmother said we have to call the police , " said Padilla .
Once the investigation began , police discovered that the apartment that Anthony claims to have dropped Caylee off at on June 9 has been vacant since February 29 .
Anthony was transported in an unmarked car with Orange County investigators to the last three known locations for Gonzalez in hopes getting more information .
One residence turned out to be a senior - only facility , and at another no one could verify that Gonzalez or Caylee had been there .
Throughout this investigation , Anthony has shown very little emotion , according to police .
" She has a very calm demeanor .
She does n't seem to be too worried , " said Padilla .
" To me , if one of our children is missing , your stress level goes up , but she shows no signs of it . "
According to the report , Anthony told police that she was currently working as an event coordinator for Universal Studios , but when Anthony gave investigators the name and extension of her supervisor , both proved to be false .
In addition , the head of the events department confirmed that Anthony has not been an employee in the past or present .
Anthony was also unable to provide investigators with the address of her work or a company ID , according to police .
" Detectives have been working around the clock but a lot of [ Anthony 's ] statements have been false which make it much more difficult , " said Padilla .
Since the missing person report was released , police have received numerous phone calls from acquaintances of Anthony claiming that she is a habitual liar and has stolen from friends in the past , according to police .
Investigators continue to wade through the information they have received .
" We 're ready to go out to where she has been staying in hopes to find any evidence or anything to point to where Caylee might be , " said Padilla .
Anthony was placed under arrest on Wednesday for child neglect and providing false information regarding the investigation .
She was granted a public defender and despite the fact that she has no criminal history , her request for bond was denied .
In the bond hearing this morning , Judge John Jordan said , " You left your 2 - year - old child Caylee Anthony in the custody of a person who does not exist , at an apartment you cannot identify , and you lied to your parents and friends about your child 's whereabouts . "
" I do n't know what to believe at this point .
I have no idea what happened to Caylee and that 's what we 're trying to get to the bottom of , " said Caylee 's grandmother , Cynthia .
" It seems like there are a lot of things missing right now , " said Padilla .
" I compare this case to a very very difficult puzzle to put together .
There are a lot of pieces missing . "
COVID - 19 Update :
We are committed to the health and safety of our guests .
We have adopted new safety protocols and stricter cleaning standards per local government and CDC guidelines .
The Lion and the Rose is proud to be a locally owned small business !
With only five rooms , we can operate with minimal staff and ensure the highest sanitization standards .
Starting May 22nd , we are excited to be welcoming guests back home .
" One of the best run B & B 's in greater Asheville "
- Frommer 's Travel Guide , The Carolinas & Georgia 7th Edition
The Lion and the Rose is a stunning pink lady in the Montford Historic District .
The manicured lawns , luxurious decor , and welcoming innkeepers invite you in for an unforgettable stay at an exceptional value .
This Asheville Bed and Breakfast is an 1898 residence located in a quiet residential neighborhood within walking distance to downtown Asheville and its many attractions .
The Blue Ridge Parkway and Biltmore Estate are just minutes away .
The Queen Anne / Georgian style inn has been restored to its original splendor , evoking the classic architecture of the times , and earning the privilege of being the first stop on Asheville 's historic trolley tours .
With original leaded and stained glass windows , period antiques , four fireplaces , and a golden tiger oak foyer and staircase , The Lion and the Rose lets you experience the opulence of a bygone era , but with modern amenities for a comfortable and unique experience .
Five beautifully appointed guest rooms invite you to enjoy the romance , privacy , and enchantment that can only be found in such homes rich in history and character .
As one of Asheville 's longest - operating inns , The Lion and the Rose Bed and Breakfast offers amenities to rival any hotel or inn around , including free , lighted , off - street parking , gourmet breakfasts , plush bedding , and unpretentious hospitality .
We do our best to meet , and even anticipate your needs , and are available for assistance at any time .
Win a 2 night stay at The Lion and the Rose
We are excited to be partners with the Asheville Humane Society and to offer you the opportunity to win a free stay .
Unfortunately , this fundraiser has been postponed to a later date .
Please check back for more details .
New York is the largest and most populous city in the United States .
It is one of the major centers of finance and commerce .
Here , in New York , are some of the tallest buildings in the world .
New York has lots of places to go to , this is why it ’s visited by about 40 million tourists every year .
These beautiful pictures are for those , who have never been in this huge city , and also for those , who live there and do n’t notice , how magnificent it is .
Enjoy !
How can you tell if food labeled as organic truly is organic , that is , grown without synthetic fertilizers and pesticides ?
You could just trust the farmer .
OK , that idea is admittedly laughable , especially now that organic is big business and major food conglomerates are capturing an ever greater share of the organic food market with the goal of reducing costs by whatever means necessary .
Scientists in Spain , trusting chemistry more than corporations , are developing a method to sniff out food grown with synthetic fertilizers .
Their technique , published in the January - February issue of the Journal of Environmental Quality , relies on the detection of an isotope of nitrogen found in organic food but not in non-organic food .
This does n't identify other high crimes of the organic food industry — such as organic Twinkies , organic milk from permanently penned cows , or organic fruits flown in from around the world , oil dependency be damned — but it 's a start .
After all , next to farming , cheating is humankind 's second oldest profession .
You are what you eat Synthetic fertilizers contain nitrogen derived from the atmosphere .
This is rather cheap , considering that air is nearly 80 percent nitrogen gas ( N2 ) and no one owns the atmosphere , although pilots do pay a fine for flying over Dick Cheney 's air space .
Atmospheric nitrogen is made mostly from the nitrogen - 14 isotope , with seven protons and seven neutrons .
There 's virtually no isotope nitrogen - 15 in the air nor , as a result , in the manufactured nitrate - based fertilizers .
However , the nitrogen in manure , the primary fertilizer used in organic farming , can contain up to 20 percent nitrogen - 15 , according to the researchers , led by Francisco del Amor of the Instituto Murciano de Investigación y Desarrollo Agrario y Agrario y Alimentario ( IMIDA ) in Murcia , Spain .
Plants suck up nitrogen and — with the adage true for plants as it is for people , you are what you eat — organic fruits and vegetables are loaded with nitrogen - 15 .
Any food with no nitrogen - 15 or a low N15 / N14 ratio betrays the use of synthetic fertilizers .
Organic , so now what The Spanish researchers said someday their method could be useful in detecting small amounts of synthetic fertilizers used by organic farmers worried about low nitrogen levels in the soil and thus the potential for a low - yield harvest .
As organic farming goes global , isotope sniffers could be used by nations to monitor the integrity of imported organic food .
But therein lies part of the problem : Organic methods , while good to the soil anywhere , are best applied when the food is grown and sold locally .
The fuel needed to import organic fruits from Chile or Australia , for example , outweighs the environmental benefit of growing organic food .
Fortunately you do n't need a chemistry set to know which foods are healthy and best for the environment .
Forget nitrogen isotope ratios .
Just think local when possible , with no packaging .
When you add miles and the necessity for boxes , that 's when the trouble begins .
Take the Nutrition Quiz
Top 10 Bad Things That Are Good For You
The Most Popular Myths in Science
Christopher Wanjek is the author of the books “ Bad Medicine ” and “ Food At Work . ”
Got a question about Bad Medicine ?
Email Wanjek .
If it ’s really bad , he just might answer it in a future column .
Bad Medicine appears each Tuesday on LiveScience .
COVINA , Calif. , June 28 ( UPI ) --
Officials at a California high school say they are trying to find out why students were allowed to have false names for black students put in the yearbook .
Clint Harwick , superintendent of Charter Oak High School in Covina , Calif. , said it was a " regrettable mistake " that names including " Tay Tay Shaniqua , " " Crisphy Nanos " and " Laquan White " were printed in the yearbook for members of the Black Student Union .
Advertisement
" It appears that during the process of creating the yearbook , filler names were put in and not corrected at the proofreading part , " Principal Kathleen Wiard said .
Students at the school were able to get stickers with the appropriate names to cover up the blunders , the Los Angeles Times reported Saturday .
" We 're doing everything we can to remedy the problem .
This is not the standard of our yearbook by any means , " Harwick told the Times .
April 14 , 2008
Which " Inning " of the Mortgage Crisis Are We In ?
John P. Hussman , Ph.D .
All rights reserved and actively enforced .
Reprint Policy
Over the past week , there has been increasing talk that the current mortgage troubles are " closer to the end than the beginning , " are " in the 7th or 8th inning , " and so on .
Along with those comments , some from heads of financial companies such as Morgan Stanley , are assertions that there is " a lot of cash on the sidelines " to support the markets .
It would be nice to believe these assurances .
But as I noted in my October 15 , 2007 market comment ( Warning - Examine All Risk Exposures ) : " we 're likely to observe a growing amount of what will wrongly be viewed as " cash on the sidelines " and " money creation " in the banking system .
The problem is that the commercial paper market has dried up .
If savers are not buying those securities as the proceeds come due , and a good portion of the borrowing is still somehow being rolled over , then it must be the case that the savers who used to own commercial paper are now saving in another form , and the borrowers who used to issue commercial paper are now borrowing in a different form .
Most probably , banks will be the chosen intermediary , because savers view bank deposits as insured and somewhat safer than unsecured commercial debt . "
Balances in money market funds are also not " cash on the sidelines . "
Securities are simply evidence that money has been intermediated from a saver to a borrower .
Once the security is issued , it exists until it matures or is otherwise retired .
If I have $ 1000 " on the sidelines " in Treasury bills , it represents money that has already been spent by the Federal government .
If I sell this T - bill to buy stocks , somebody else has to buy it , and there will be exactly the same amount of money " on the sidelines " after I buy my stocks than before I bought them .
It is simply a fallacy of non-equilibrium thinking to imagine that money " goes into " or " comes out of " secondary markets in securities .
The impact of foreign inflows
As for the primary markets , where financial companies are issuing some amount of new equity and debt to improve their liquidity , yes , these funds predominantly represent new savings .
Unfortunately , U.S. savers are not ( in equilibrium ) the source of these savings .
Instead , we are drawing on foreign savings by expanding our current account deficit .
This is precisely why the trade figures worsened last month , despite a weakening economy .
To understand that , it 's important to recognize that for every $ 100 of " stuff " we import from foreign countries , we export exactly $ 100 of " stuff " in return .
The issue is only whether the stuff is goods and services , or securities .
For example , suppose we import $ 100 of goods and services , but we only export $ 70 of goods and services to foreign countries in return .
Clearly , we 've got $ 30 of extra stuff that we 'll need to export to pay the difference , and that $ 30 will be in the form of U.S. government or corporate securities .
In this case , we have a $ 30 " trade deficit " ( the shortfall between our import of goods and services , and our export of goods and services ) , which is financed by a $ 30 " capital surplus " ( our net transfer of securities - and import of foreign savings - from other countries ) .
Generally speaking , the trade deficit shrinks substantially during recessions , as U.S. investment in factories , equipment and housing falls , and with it , the need to sell securities to foreigners .
So in the example above , our imports might stay at $ 100 , but as we have less need of foreign savings to finance our investment , we might only export $ 20 of securities .
Meanwhile , as the dollar weakens in a recession , we would then export $ 80 of goods and services to foreign countries .
While the actual change in the trade deficit and current account depend on a variety of factors , including the value of the dollar , the level of interest rates , the demand for U.S. securities , and the preferences of consumers for imports and exports , we know as an accounting identity that every $ 100 of " stuff " we import will be matched by $ 100 of stuff that we export .
In recent months , we should have seen the trade deficit improve due to a weaker U.S. economy .
But the liquidity needs of financial companies have forestalled this , requiring us to draw further on an already huge current account deficit .
Increasingly , we are selling off pieces of our economic future to foreigners ( some analysts even talk about " sovereign wealth funds " as if we should be excited about this ) .
Unfortunately , we are forced to do this because our own savings are not sufficient to finance our own domestic investment .
The reason for this is largely due to war spending and lopsided tax policy .
As an economics professor , I used to teach my students about production frontiers - choosing how to allocate resources between guns and butter - machine guns versus tubs of Land O'Lakes .
We are ensconced in a very real version of that , and we should not look at rapid issuance of government debt , heavy foreign acquisition of our assets , and widening current account deficits with stars in our eyes that somehow our growing mountain of indebtedness is something good .
Which " inning " of the mortgage crisis are we in ?
One of the fascinating aspects of Wall Street is the ability of analysts to provide opinions without the faintest backing from evidence .
Among the latest topics of opinion is how far the mortgage crisis has to go .
Evidently , the idea is that the recession that these analysts did n't forecast is already over , so it is time to " look across the valley " on the belief that most of the writedowns are behind us .
A good way to estimate where we are in the process of writedowns and foreclosures is to revisit the schedule of resets for adjustable rate mortgages .
Source : Bank of America
The chart does n't extend out to 2010 , where another spike in resets will occur in the third quarter of that year , but it is enough to recognize that resets are only now entering the heavy period .
To understand the implications of this schedule , it is important to recognize the foreclosure timeline .
Once a reset occurs , it takes up to 30 days for the first payment to be missed .
After 90 days of attempts to catch up on missed payments , the homeowner is served with a " Notice of Default . "
It then takes another 90 days with the homeowner in default for a " Notice of Trustee Sale " to be delivered , shortly after which the property is sold in a foreclosure .
In short , there is generally a span of about 6 months from reset to foreclosure , which means that we have to lag the data to get the profile of anticipated loan losses .
Fortunately , only a portion of the mortgages that reset will actually go into default , but we estimate which " inning " we are currently in by calculating the cumulative amount of mortgages that will have reset at each point in time ( i.e. integrating the curve ) , and lagging it by 6 months ( roughly the span between reset and foreclosure ) .
That produces the following profile for the cumulative losses that can be expected .
Again , these are not dollar amounts , since only a portion of even sub - prime mortgages will default .
While we will also undoubtedly observe losses from credit cards , commerical real estate , and home equity loans , the point here is only about the general shape of the cumulative loss curve :
Clearly , as we enter April 2008 , we appear to be quite early in the mortgage crisis , with only about a quarter of the cumulative resets having occurred .
That places us near the start of the third inning , where we can expect each of the nine " innings " to be about three months in duration .
Unfortunately , the next three innings ( quarters ) are when the heavy hitters on the opposing team will come up to the plate , as the cumulative amount of resets will surge .
With that surge , loan losses and foreclosures will also predictably spike higher .
Moreover , because of the bundling , securitization * , and slicing and dicing of mortgage obligations , financial companies have little ability to take the required writedowns in advance , because they do n't know yet which ones will go into default .
To opine that we are in some late " inning " of the mortgage problem , without reference to the reset data , is just naïve .
If anything , the probable rate of foreclosure on later resets will be higher , not lower , than the earlier resets , because those later resets represent the mortgages initiated at the peak of home prices and the trough of lending standards .
Market Climate
As of last week , the Market Climate for stocks remained characterized by unfavorable valuations and still unfavorable market action .
As always , our measures of market action are based on a broad range of market internals , including factors such as breadth , leadership , industry group dispersion , credit spreads , interest rate behavior , and so forth , as well as more specialized measures of price / volume behavior and other market - generated information .
Our underlying view is that market action carries information content - particularly in the divergence between actual price movements and their conditional expectation ( that is , what we would expect , given the behavior of other securities and economic factors ) .
We do n't believe that market action carries information perfectly ( which is essentially what the efficient market hypothesis assumes ) , but we do believe that market action contains information about a ) expectations of investors about future economic outcomes , and b ) the attraction or aversion of investors toward speculation and risk .
Below , for example , is a chart of Bear Stearns ' 5 - year credit default swap spread .
You 'll notice that this puppy was barking enough to wake the neighbors weeks before the crisis reached the point of no return , and the Fed intervened to facilitate J.P. Morgan 's takeover .
This is a good example of market action conveying information , and is why we 've frequently emphasized the importance of credit spreads in measuring economic risks .
Though credit default spreads for financial companies have narrowed since the peak of the Bear Stearns crisis , it 's notable that they promptly reversed higher last week .
Below are the CDS spreads for Lehman and GE Capital Corporation ( emphatically not chosen because there is any reason to single them out - the behavior of CDS swaps looks like this almost across the board ) .
Importantly , our evaluation of market action will frequently differ from the views of many technical analysts , both because we use our own set of measures , and because we are not concerned with evaluating obvious ( ex - post ) short - term trends in the major indices .
They are exactly that - obvious - and if you spend any amount of time testing strategies based on obvious trends , you 'll find that they rarely produce much in the way of long - term returns .
Moreover , we 're simply not in the business of calling tops , bottoms , or reversals .
We do carefully manage risk , but our analysis is focused on identifying the prevailing Market Climate on the basis of existing valuations and measurable market action , and then aligning our exposure to risk in proportion to the average return / risk profile that a given Climate has historically produced .
With the rare exception of overbought conditions in an unfavorable Market Climate ( as we had last week ) , or oversold conditions in a favorable Market Climate , I typically have no views regarding the short - term market outlook .
Presently , the Strategic Growth Fund remains fully hedged , with a " staggered strike " configuration to our hedge which strengthens our defense against market weakness .
The S&P 500 Index is down about 15 % from its 10/11/07 high , while the Strategic Growth Fund has gained slightly .
Though we have correctly avoided financial stocks , we have not had significant weight in the " hot " materials sector .
Meanwhile , at least early into January , the consumer and technology areas where we do have significant exposure were hurt as much as the general market .
Since its January 11 trough , Strategic Growth has achieved positive returns while the S&P 500 has declined over 4 % further , but it may take time for investors to separate the wheat from the chaff in a way that would produce material differences in the performance of our stocks relative to the major indices .
The same was true during the 2000 - 2003 decline , when the bear market was in full force for several months before the Strategic Growth Fund achieved much in the way of gains .
Our primary objective remains to outperform the S&P 500 over the full market cycle , with smaller periodic losses .
Our immediate objective is to constantly tilt the Fund 's portfolio toward stocks that appear to have some combination of strong valuations and favorable market action , and hedge that portfolio well enough to be able to sleep nights .
I believe that investment returns tend to follow discipline and daily action - while we can't force the returns , we can certainly pursue our discipline consistently .
Meanwhile , we are comfortably hedged , and while we will respond to improved conditions if they emerge , I presently expect that the market 's difficulties are n't over .
In bonds , the Market Climate last week was characterized by unfavorable yield levels and relatively neutral yield pressures .
Inflation pressures remain persistent , particularly on the import price front , while at the same time a fresh widening of credit spreads suggests further economic trouble ahead .
Overall , I continue to see little merit in long - term bond exposure except for purely speculative " flight to quality " considerations .
The Strategic Total Return Fund remains invested largely in Treasury bills here , which is unusual but at present , necessary in my view .
The Fund also holds just over 15 % of assets in precious metals shares - not an aggressive stance , but still constructive based on continued favorable conditions overall in the precious metals area .
---
* The Wall Street Journal has a nice set of graphics that describe how mortgage securitization works .
With regard to the wisdom of taking too much comfort from assurances of Wall Street CEOs , Michael Lewis recently had this commentary in Bloomberg : What Wall Street 's CEOs Do n't Know Can Kill You
---
The foregoing comments represent the general investment analysis and economic views of the Advisor , and are provided solely for the purpose of information , instruction and discourse .
Prospectuses for the Hussman Strategic Growth Fund , the Hussman Strategic Total Return Fund , the Hussman Strategic International Fund , and the Hussman Strategic Dividend Value Fund , as well as Fund reports and other information , are available by clicking " The Funds " menu button from any page of this website .
Estimates of prospective return and risk for equities , bonds , and other financial markets are forward - looking statements based the analysis and reasonable beliefs of Hussman Strategic Advisors .
They are not a guarantee of future performance , and are not indicative of the prospective returns of any of the Hussman Funds .
Actual returns may differ substantially from the estimates provided .
Estimates of prospective long - term returns for the S&P 500 reflect our standard valuation methodology , focusing on the relationship between current market prices and earnings , dividends and other fundamentals , adjusted for variability over the economic cycle ( see for example Investment , Speculation , Valuation , and Tinker Bell , The Likely Range of Market Returns in the Coming Decade and Valuing the S&P 500 Using Forward Operating Earnings ) .
@shamoononon has a hebetudinous dog :
Same thing happens to me often and nearly daily , only today it seems to be playing nice to me ...
Hmm , wonder what kind of reconnaissance they thought they were doing ?
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Iraq is making positive steps in security and stability , according to the U.S. military 's highest ranking officer .
Adm. Michael Mullen said a decision on further U.S. troop withdrawals could come later this year .
Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman Adm. Michael Mullen said violence was down to its lowest point in four years and a decision whether to drop the number of troops below the level immediately preceding 2007's " surge " would come later in the year if stability continued .
The decrease in violence " ties into decisions to be made later this year about the level of forces , " Mullen told reporters Monday in Baghdad 's heavily fortified Green Zone -- the seat of U.S. power in Iraq -- after meeting with U.S. troops .
Mullen , on a four - day tour of Iraq , is visiting commanders , including Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in Iraq , and is traveling with a USO tour to numerous bases around the country .
The Joint Chiefs chairman spoke about walking through Baghdad 's Sadr City neighborhood , where Iraqi and U.S. forces recently struck a cease - fire with Shiite militants .
" I 've seen extraordinary progress there .
A few months ago , no one could go into Sadr City .
I was able to walk openly down a street , " he said .
But Mullen said even Sadr City has more areas that need to be secured .
" It 's not the end state .
It indicates progress , " he said .
The Pentagon repeatedly has said a number of political and security milestones must be met for the United States to be able to remove troops , including reduced levels of sectarian violence , political reconciliation and stronger Iraqi forces .
Troop reductions will pause this summer while commanders decide how many U.S. troops are needed to keep violence down .
The last of the five " surge " brigades -- those sent to bolster U.S. forces last year -- is in the process of leaving Iraq .
The last six to nine months have shown improvements and commanders want to wait about another six months to make a decision about further withdrawals , Mullen said .
On Monday , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki said he favored a short - term agreement with the United States that spells out a troop withdrawal schedule .
Mullen said that was not in conflict with U.S. wishes .
" We would all like to see U.S. troops get out of here at some point in time , " Mullen said .
" From the military perspective , I need the laws and regulations and the agreements from the government of Iraq in order to continue operations beyond the 31st of December of this year . "
Al - Maliki 's comments came as frustrated negotiators have been working on a long - term bilateral pact that would cover security .
" Now we are trying to reach a memorandum of understanding either to end the presence of the troops or a memorandum of understanding to reschedule their withdrawal , " al - Maliki said in Abu Dhabi , according to his press office in Baghdad .
Iraq and the United States have been negotiating strategic framework and status - of - forces agreements that will spell out their relationship in security and other areas .
Al - Maliki reiterated on Monday that the underlying aim of the agreement is the " full sovereignty of Iraq . "
A U.N. mandate that sets down the parameters for U.S. - led coalition forces in Iraq expires at the end of the year .
The United States wants to forge an agreement by the end of July .
All About Iraq • Nuri al - Maliki • Michael G. Mullen
Ludacris - Obama Is Here
Ludacris set out to give his candidate a boost with his music but has instead angered Barack Obama .
The Obama Is Here music video features Obama dancing on The Ellen DeGeneres Show and shooting hoops with U.S. soldiers .
The video disparages Hillary Clinton , using the b-word , calling her irrelevant and also mocks John McCain suggesting he belongs in a wheelchair , not the White House .
Obama spokesman Bill Burton said :
Watch the Bride Walk Down the Aisle or Wait to Celebrate the Big Day ?
In addition to majorly switching up everyday routines , COVID - 19 has put many special events in flux .
Curious to understand how engaged couples and wedding guests are approaching large [ ...]
Promote Your Brand to an Audience of Active Shoppers Prodege ’s online consumer platforms are just one way to reach our active global audience .
As an omni-channel solution for marketing teams , we ’re constantly connecting with our members where [ ...]
Halloween 2020 : Spooks & Sweets or a Holiday Hiatus ?
With summer giving way to fall and many children in virtual school , will Halloween celebrations factor into the year of uncertain plans ?
Our recent research indicates that most [...]
Prodege ’s Derek DeLorenzo on Upromise ’s Rewarding College Savings Opportunities
To mark the start of National College Savings Month , we caught up with Derek DeLorenzo , Prodege ’s Senior Director , Upromise 529 Programs to learn more about exciting new initiatives [ ... ]
In a Booth or via Mail ?
Decided or Undecided ?
Voters Weigh in On Election Plans With the Presidential election fast approaching in an unconventional year , we fielded research among 1,207 registered voters on August 7 - 11 to understand how they plan to cast their [ ... ]
2020 Holiday Trends : Smaller , Yet Meaningful Celebrations
While last holiday season may have seemed like a lifetime ago , this unprecedented year is continuing to march forward .
When considering the upcoming holiday season , what differences do [ ...]
Learning Via Classroom or Zoom ?
Navigating Through an Atypical Return to School
If there 's one phrase to sum up the new school year , it 's " what a difference a year makes ! "
Curious to hear directly from parents about how their back - to - school [ ... ]
On the Road Again : Are Americans Slowly Venturing Back Into Travel ?
In addition to recently gauging perceptions on American tourism from those in Canada & the UK , we also surveyed 1,024 Americans aged 18 + July 28 - 29 to see how [ ...]
When Will International Travelers Be Ready to “ Hop Off the Plane at LAX ” ?
With Americans currently not allowed to visit many countries due to COVID - 19 during the busy summer travel season , countless vacations and work trips were canceled or postponed .
Once [...]
Does a Pandemic Belong in TV Plotlines ?
With COVID - 19 causing production and filming delays , fall TV will likely look dramatically different than years past ( at least there ’s sports ? ) .
Will the shows currently in production provide [ ...]
A Real Game Changer : With Pro Sports Returning , Were They Even Missed Much ?
Several weeks back , we shared some preliminary insights from sports fans on how they feel about professional sports getting delayed or the possibility of some sports having a [ ...]
Spotlighting Recent Shifts in Purchases for Our Furry Friends
How did COVID - 19 impact the pet supply industry by retailer type and shopping channel ?
We surveyed our pet - owning consumers to get a better understanding of COVID - 19 ’s influence on [ ...]
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The problem of keeping track of thousands of near - identical African penguins may have been solved .
Researchers have developed surveillance technology that can identify individual birds and then monitor them over long periods of time .
The team says the system will boost our understanding of the animals ; it could even help ecologists solve the mystery of how long penguins live .
The researchers say it could also track other species , from cheetahs to sharks .
The technology is on display at the Royal Society 's Summer Exhibition .
Keeping track of big colonies of birds can be tricky Peter Barham , professor of physics at Bristol University , who developed the Penguin Recognition System , said : " Until now , if you wanted to follow penguins you would use metal flipper bands , which have an ID code . "
To read them , ecologists need to capture the animals and record the tag number .
But this is time intensive and error prone , says Professor Barham .
Especially when dealing with large numbers of birds such as the 20,000 - strong population of African penguins that live on Robben Island , South Africa , that have been the focus of this study .
" These bands have also been suggested to be damaging to some species and there is clear evidence that they are , possibly due to the wear of the feathers that they cause , " he added .
" We really wanted to find a way to automatically monitor these birds without harming them . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The new tracking system is able to detect unique markings on the penguins .
Adult African penguins carry black spots on their chests ; scientists believe that no two penguins have the same pattern .
Professor Barham said : " We set a camera up in a location where the penguins will regularly walk past on their way to or from the sea .
" Every image that the camera processes is then sent back to a computer . "
The camera snaps the penguins as they walk past
The software has been trained to recognise if there are any penguins in the camera 's field of vision .
If there are , it looks at the spot patterns to determine whether it is a bird that it recognises or new penguin .
It then records the ID number and the date , time and location of the sighting .
Professor Barham told BBC
News : " It means we can track penguins out in the wild , in real time and with real accuracy . "
New species
The technology is already having an impact on tracking the penguins on Robben Island .
Professor Barham believes it will help to better understand the animals both in terms of their movement patterns and behaviour .
The new technology will enable biologists to identify and monitor large numbers of diverse species cheaply , quickly and automatically
Dr Tilo Burghardt
" The information we will get is going to be enormous , and there are questions we can answer that nobody has even thought of before . "
The researchers now plan to use a moving camera , which can pan , zoom and tilt to track the animals .
The team also want to try the technology on species other than African penguins .
Professor Barham said : " For any species with patterned plumage , cheetahs or whale sharks for example , then the same technology could use the patterns as individual identifiers .
" You just have to train the system to spot a particular species , then to find the areas where the pattern is likely to occur and then to process this information . "
Dr Tilo Burghardt , from the Department of Computer Science at Bristol University , who has worked on the system , added : " We believe the new technology will enable biologists to identify and monitor large numbers of diverse species cheaply , quickly and automatically . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
It does n’t matter what your business ’s size is ; you ’re going to need some type of data network for all the work you ’re hoping to complete .
This will lead you to ask how to set up a small business network with a server .
Fortunately for you in this guide , we ’re going to provide you with a step by step guide of how to do this .
Once you ’ve completed the setup for your business , you ’ll have access to databases on the internet that you could n’t have reached before .
Continue reading to find out everything that you need to do to create a thriving network for your business .
Evaluate Business Needs
Before you start setting up your data network , you need to consider the needs of your business as a whole .
You need to do this before because if you do n’t , you could end up wasting valuable time , money , and company resources on things that you do n’t need .
The first thing that you need to consider is the layout of your office space .
Once you understand the design , you can then figure out how many devices in that space will need to be connected , and the size of each device .
You ’ll also need to consider the files that are available on each device ?
Do employees need access to file - sharing ?
Will access be multi-leveled ?
All of these questions need to be answered before proceeding to build a data network .
Think about the size of the network you ’re building and whether your company will expand in the next few years .
If you ’re thinking expansion , you may want to consider managed IT services for your company ’s future data networking capabilities .
What Kind of Installation is the Best
There are only two options you have when it comes to the installation offered for your data network .
This is the time to think of convenience when installing either a wireless or wired network .
While having a wireless network is much more convenient to install , some things need to be considered before choosing this option .
If employees are outside of the coverage zone , they wo n’t have access to the company network .
And typically , a wireless connection is n’t the most secure means of contact , especially if your company needs to store sensitive data on their devices .
One reason you may opt for a wired connection is that the internet ’s speed is going to be much faster than a wireless connection .
Also , having a wired network makes it more challenging for outside forces to hack your companies database .
Before you select which type of connection is best for you , make sure to review the pros and cons of each type of connection offered .
What Kind of Server Will You Choose
There are two types of servers that you can select for your business ; the first operates in the cloud , and the other is an on - site server .
Typically if your server is located on company property , it ’s locked in a secure room .
Only a few people have password access to enter this room .
A server is the one computer that will house all of the data from every device operating within your network .
This makes it easier to access the data versus having to go to each computer and search for the information that you ’re looking for .
Having one server is beneficial because you can control who can access the data on the server .
With a server that operates in the cloud , you ’ll hire other people to monitor it for you .
Cable Choices
You ’ll need to use cables to further strengthen and increase the speed of your data network .
Typically , businesses opt to use wires that are made of a copper material .
The reason for this is that copper is low in cost and can be purchased from just about anywhere .
However , it should be noted that using these cables does n’t increase connection speed .
Fibre optic is another choice when it comes to the cables that you ’re going to use for your business , and they are also low in cost .
The cables that you ’re going to use are entirely a company preference .
Device Connection Point
The point that will connect all of your devices to one another is a series of switches .
The switches will connect all of the computers and servers that are operating on your data networking system .
Before the data on the devices can send their information to the server , you ’ve got to send it through one of the switches .
If your small business is n’t looking to use lots of switches right now , then you can always use one basic switch ad .
As the company grows , add more switches to accommodate company growth .
Router
The router is responsible for taking several networks and linking them to one another .
This then creates a connection to the intranet , which provides a connection for employees to use the internet that ’s supplied by your network .
Another benefit of having a router is being able to protect your companies data - sensitive information from outside cyber-attacks .
Not only can a cyber attack pose a threat to your business , but it can also ruin your reputation if clients feel that you do n’t have the safety measures necessary to protect the information that they trust you with .
Think About the Future
When it comes to company growth , you must think about the future and the hope that your company will grow .
By keeping in mind company expansion , you can better prepare for the costs of expanding your data network , which will cost money and possibly more space .
How to Set Up a Small Business Network With a Server Answered
When answering the question of how to set up a small business network with a server following the guide that we ’ve provided above will help you to get the job done .
You must take your time to set up the network correctly to avoid any attacks from hackers .
If you found this article to be filled with useful information , we recommend that you check out some of the other available articles .
We love providing refined and informative content for readers like you .
Persuasion principles
Much of persuasion and other forms of changing minds is based on a relatively small number of principles .
If you can understand the principles , then you can invent your own techniques .
It thus makes sense to spend time to understand these principles ( persuaded yet ? ) .
Alignment :
When everything lines up , there are no contradictions to cause disagreement .
Amplification : Make the important bits bigger and other bits smaller .
Appeal :
If asked nicely , we will follow the rules we have made for ourselves .
Arousal :
When I am aroused I am full engaged and hence more likely to pay attention .
Association : Our thoughts are connected .
Think one thing and the next is automatic .
Assumption : Acting as if something is true often makes it true .
Attention :
Make sure they are listening before you try to sell them something .
Authority : Use your authority and others will obey .
Bonding : I will usually do what my friends ask of me , without negotiation .
Closure : Close the door of thinking and the deal is done .
Completion :
We need to complete that which is started .
Confidence :
If I am confident , then you can be confident .
Conformance : People are driven to obey rules .
Confusion : A drowning person will clutch at a straw .
So will a confused one .
Consistency :
We like to maintain consistency between what we think , say and do .
Contrast :
We notice and decide by difference between two things , not absolute measures .
Daring :
If you dare me to do something , I dare n't not do it .
Deception : Convincing by trickery .
Dependence :
If you are dependent on me , I can use this as a lever to persuade you .
Distraction :
If I distract your attention , I can then slip around your guard .
Easy : I like things which are easy ( and not things which are difficult ) .
Evidence : I cannot deny what I see with my own eyes .
Exchange : if I do something for you , then you are obliged to do something for me .
Experience : I cannot deny what I experience for myself .
Fragmentation : Break up the problem into agreeable parts .
Framing : Meaning depends on context .
So control the context .
Harmony :
Go with the flow to build trust and create subtle shifts .
Hurt and Rescue : Make them uncomfortable then throw them a rope .
Interest :
If I am interested then I will pay attention .
Interruption : Break the flow .
Investment :
If I have invested in something , I do not want to waste that investment .
Involvement : Action leads to commitment .
Logic :
What makes sense must be true .
Objectivity : Standing back decreases emotion and increases logic .
Obligation : Creating a duty that must be discharged .
Ownership : I am committed to that which I own .
Passion : Enthusiasm is catching .
Peer Pressure :
We do what we think others want us to do .
Perception : Perception is reality .
So manage it .
Persistence :
In all things , persistence pays .
Pleading : Asking with attitude .
Positivity : Use positive methods .
Priming : Prior informational influence .
Pull : Create attraction that pulls people in .
Push : I give you no option but to obey .
Repetition :
If something happens often enough , I will eventually be persuaded .
Scarcity : I want now what I may not be able to get in the future .
Similarity :
We trust people who are like us or who are similar to people we like .
Simplicity : Simple means easy to understand and agree .
Social Compliance : The pressure to conform .
Social Proof :
When uncertain we take cues other people .
Specificity : People fill in the gaps in vague statements .
Substitution :
Put them into the story .
Surprise :
When what happens is not what I expect , I must rethink my understanding .
Tension : I will act to reduce the tension gaps I feel .
Threat :
If my deep needs are threatened , I will act to protect them .
Trust :
If I trust you , I will accept your truth and expose my vulnerabilities .
Uncertainty :
When I am not sure , I will seek to become more certain .
Understanding :
If I understand you , then I can interact more accurately with you .
Unthinking : Go by the subconscious route .
See also Principles of war
Featured Video
Beirut eatery opens with a bang
Posted
Jul . 1 - A fast - food restaurant in war - torn Beirut finds an explosive way to attract customers .
When
It comes to politicians taking a stand against ' anti- piracy bills ' , such as the three - strikes legislation that 's being backdoored in Europe at the moment , the mind generally goes Swedish , to Rick Falkvinge for example .
The mind does n't tend to think of North American politicians , but there is an exception , in Canada 's Charlie Angus .
This Monday , European Parliament will vote on a new telecoms bill that would make it possible to disconnect people from the Internet , if they receive more than two copyright infringement warnings .
The new law goes directly against a decision from the European Parliament earlier this year , when they said that such legislation would be : “ conflicting with civil liberties and human rights and with the principles of proportionality , effectiveness and dissuasiveness . ”
Luckily , there are still some politicians who know what ’s right and what ’s not .
Charles Angus , a Canadian MP , is not a fan of the ‘ 3 strikes and you ’re out ’ proposals , which have also been discussed in Canada .
Indeed , it seems that nobody , except the lobby groups pushing it , are for it .
Cory Doctrow , in a piece for the Guardian the other day , proposed a similar 3 - strikes measure for the anti-piracy officials .
Send 3 false accusations and you ’re off the net .
Angus is similarly opposed in a recent interview :
Well , i think the outset the three strike law as admissible is idiotic .
It ’s idiotic because as we see with the DMCA those that get accused of infringements lack the legal power that the corporations that are threatening them have .
So it ’s always going to be a completely one - sided argument and if ISP ’s are legally bound to cut you off after three claims of infringement , I think there are certainly problems .
Charles Angus , MP , is not your typical politician .
Unlike most , he ’s not a lawyer , and having worked first hand with those who have been forgotten by those in government , the homeless , has a good appreciation for cause and effect .
Also , Â through clashes with his church over gay marriage in the past , he has also proven himself a man of morals , not easily swayed by peer pressure or lobbying .
It is welcome then , to hear that he is also in strong opposition to Canada ’s bill C61 , dubbed “ the Canadian DMCA ” .
Back in early May , in a statement from his office he warned of lobby actions :
The DMCA lobby will be working closely with the government to create a false impression that there ’s an international crisis of confidence in Canada ’s copyright regime .
They will attempt to portray copyright as a black and white battle against pirates , thieves and criminals .
In doing so , they will tar the efforts of educators , consumer groups and artist ’s organization who recognize that the DMCA is the wrong model for Canada .
DMCA advocates have attempted to portray Canada as a pirate haven for failing to ratify the WIPO agreement .
Angus points out that many of Canada ’s competitors are in exactly the same position , and that Canada could easily ratify WIPO without agreeing to the onerous restrictions included in the DMCA legislation .
He says politicians need to wake up to the problems with the DMCA .
The DMCA is a failed model .
It does n’t work in the United States and it wo n’t address the needs of a 21st century innovation agenda in Canada .
However , U.S. trade lobbyists are intent on bringing Canada to heel .
They will try to choreograph a sense of fear that Canada is somehow failing internationally if we do n’t go the DMCA route .
Many did n’t heed that warning , however , and bill C - 61 was the result , introduced last month .
Like a lot of consumers ( including some 85,000 – up from 40,000 last month – on Michael Geist ’s facebook group )
Angus is n’t happy about the bill , as he states :
Bill 61 is a piece of legislation that is taking us down the wrong road .
We really need to update our copyright legislation for the 21st century .
It ’s Something that has been dragging on much too long .
But bill c - 61 is premised on a number of very faulty assumptions .
It ’s also predicated on , well it ’s been based on a complete lack of consultation with the key people who need to be at the table to make good copyright legislation .
When it comes to copyright , he is the one that had the advantage over politicians .
A former musician , he also earns money from book sales as well as music .
His views seem to be quite different from another artist , Indiana Gregg , the difference is , he has studied the facts , she has n’t .
It is the punishments that come up for greatest scorn however , and he is firmly on the side of ‘ proving your case ’ something the industry Â hatesÂ toÂ do , for studies , and now lawsuits .
If you look at how the lawsuits happen in the U.S , you will get a bill for 15 - 20,000 and be told to pay it .
If you try to challenge it , they will bring a massive legal team against you , and we saw the woman in the U.S who basically lost her house and savings for the fact she uploaded 12 - 24 songs .
Thats completely irrational .
If there are damages , if someone has massivly infringed copyright , there has to be a limit .
There has to be clear limits , and it has to be proven what those damages are .
For the full low - down on his thoughts , check out the full interview .
For more information about the European “ three strikes ” legislation , visit the Open Rights Group .
Botched Sting : Killed With Gun She Was Supposed to Buy
Alone With No Training , a Young Woman Dies Working as Police Informant
No training .
A botched drug sting .
A dead 23 - year - old college graduate .
But authorities in Tallahassee , Fla. , have yet to take any action against the police responsible for an undercover operation that led to the death of Rachel Hoffman , a recent graduate of Florida State University .
Police Chief Dennis Jones , interviewed for tonight 's 20/20 broadcast , says he does not accept that his department is in any way responsible for the death of the young woman .
" Do we feel responsible ?
We 're responsible for the safety of this community , " Jones said , labeling Hoffman a " criminal " because she was caught twice with a baggie of marijuana .
" People we use as confidential informants are people that are familiar with the drug trade , " the police chief said .
In the case of Hoffman , her friends say she refused to inform on friends who smoked grass .
Instead , say the friends , police pushed Hoffman to work undercover against two men considered much bigger in the drug scene , and to try to buy a gun .
A transaction involving a gun can bring much more serious charges .
Former FBI agent Brad Garrett , an ABC News consultant , says it made no sense to use an inexperienced person like Rachel for a gun deal .
" You have her make the phone call , you have the bad guys come into the picture and you never have her go to them , " said Garrett , a veteran of scores of such undercover deals .
" You arrest them in the park and she 's never exposed to the gun or the dope , " said Garrett .
In the Hoffman case , police sent her out alone , with only one or two officers trailing her .
The chief concedes she had not received any training as a confidential informant , or CI , before the dangerous mission .
" As far as the training she receives , as far as training for , as a CI , we do n't provide training for CIs , " Jones told 20/20 .
After the suspects twice changed the location of the meeting place , police say they lost contact with the young woman .
Both her cell phone and her hidden microphone were apparently out of range , police say .
" It 's beyond my imagination how the police lost them , " said Garrett .
" It 's clear no one followed her , and once they lost her she was just on her own . "
Chief Jones confirmed his men were not trailing her and did not have sight of her .
" My understanding is that there was not eyes on at that point , " Jones said .
Garrett , who reviewed the operation for 20 / 20 , said police should have aborted the sting once the location was changed , even if it blew the deal .
" Who cares if it blows the deal ?
It 's all about safety .
It 's just a drug deal , that 's all it is .
There 'll be one tomorrow , " said Garrett .
Hoffman 's body was not found until two days later , with multiple gun shot wounds traced to the gun she was supposed to have bought .
The Florida attorney general 's office says it is reviewing the handling of the case by the Tallahassee Police Department .
Jones says his department is continuing its own internal investigation , but at this point he sees no reason to take any disciplinary action against any of his officers .
McCain : ' I did n't use the word timetable '
David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday July 27 , 2008
Print This Email This
Senator John McCain famously said in January 2008 that if US troops were to stay in Iraq for 100 years , it " would be fine with me . "
After Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki endorsed Obama 's 16 - month withdrawal plan , McCain changed his position , telling Wolf Blitzer that " it was a pretty good timetable " in the video at the bottom of the page .
But now the Senator is denying he ever used the word timetable at all and reasserting " conditions on the ground " as the overriding factor for when US troops can leave Iraq .
" I did n't use the word timetable , " he told ABC's George Stephanopoulos in an interview airing Sunday .
When asked if Obama was right that the US invasion of Iraq " inflamed the Muslim world , " McCain said that his own prediction of Americans being greeted as liberators was correct .
" We were greeted as liberators , " McCain said .
This video is from ABC's This Week , broadcast July 27 , 2008 .
Download video
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
no one can understand Russian people .
They can find exit from any kind of situation even that this solution ...
no one can understand Russian people .
They can find exit from any kind of situation even that this solution is stupid .
Please support my new video
*******www.metacafe****/watch/1500529/mystic_hurricane_eyes/
Wolf Blitzer asks South Carolina ’s Republican Governor Mark Sanford if there are any “ significant economic differences ” between McCain and Bush .
His response :
For instance , take , you know , take , for instance , the issue of — I ’m drawing a blank , and I hate it when I do that , particularly on television .
Take , for instance the contrast on NAFTA .
Wolf reminds him that Bush and McCain both support NAFTA .
So Sanford blows it by trying to change the subject to Obama .
Watch it yourself — it ’s hilarious :
Note that Sanford is considered a potential VP for McCain .
But with friends like Sanford , who needs enemies ?
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2008/07/13/mark-sanford-draws-a-blan_n_112391.html
The Malagasy chameleon F. labordi has the shortest lifespan and most rapid growth rate of any known four - legged animal , and is also the only such species to spend the majority of its life as an egg .
Credit : Chris Raxworthy , AMNH .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Scientists have discovered a chameleon species that spends a good two - thirds of its life inside an egg : Furcifer labordi lives about 8 - 9 months as an embryo , and has a post - hatching lifespan of just 4 - 5 months .
As far as the scientists know , this strange life history is unique among all land vertebrates , and may help researchers better understand how certain ecological and hormonal factors influence life history evolution .
The small F. labordi lives in the extremely arid southwest region of Madagascar .
The desert - like , spiny - forest area experiences a long dry season from March through November , and a rainy season between December and February .
This harsh , variable environment may be one of the reasons for the odd life history of F. labordi .
As scientists Kristopher Karsten , et al. , describe in a recent issue of PNAS , F. labordi ’s eggs hatch in November , at the start of the rainy season .
The creatures grow extremely quickly , with males increasing their body mass by more than 4 % per day .
By January , the juveniles become full - grown adults .
The females lay their eggs in February , and then , quite abruptly , the entire F. labordi adult species dies out by the end of March .
Between April and October , the species only exists inside well - hidden eggs .
Of the nearly 30,000 species of tetrapods ( four - limbed vertebrates ) , none has such a short post - hatching lifespan , such a rapid growth rate , or spends the majority of its life cycle inside an egg like F. labordi .
As the scientists explain , the chameleon ’s unique characteristics are more reminiscent of ephemeral insects or aquatic vertebrates than terrestrial tetrapods .
“ I think the most exciting thing to come out of this paper is that we 've identified this really bizarre system , a short - lived chameleon , that is closely related to other species that have life histories more like what we expect from a typical tetrapod , ” Karsten , of Oklahoma State University , told PhysOrg.com .
“ This presents an ideal system to explore evolutionary questions in a comparative framework . ”
Despite data from five seasons of field studies , the researchers say that it ’s still unclear as to why the chameleon lives this way .
One hypothesis is that the high climatic variability and unpredictability forces the animals to shorten their life histories .
They point out that many Malagasy mammals ( those that live on the island of Madagascar ) differ from their close relatives in more stable environments by exhibiting extremely short - lived or long - lived life histories to cope .
As part of a possible coping mechanism , the F. labordi embryos are presumed to exist in a state of diapause for their first several months , a dormant condition where the embryos delay growth .
Up until the rainy season , the embryos grow extremely slowly during cool temperatures , and only resume normal development when the warm rainy season approaches before they hatch .
As prolonged as their embryonic growth is , the adult chameleons appear to quickly age and die just as naturally .
The scientists observed that , by February , adults exhibited typical age - related deterioration , such as reduced mass , slower locomotion , and reduced strength , which caused several radio - tracked chameleons to fall from trees .
The researchers also discovered three - and four - month - old individuals that were dead of unknown causes , with no signs of predation or mutilation .
Another explanation of such an odd life history suggests a hormonal – and , likewise , behavioral – influence .
F. labordi may have high levels of androgens , which are associated with aggression , and may also participate in physically intense combat and agonistic courtship .
If its androgens are high ( due to a physically intense social system ) , this could lead to immune suppression , which might increase adult mortality relative to juveniles .
As the scientists note , high adult mortality often leads to the evolution of short life spans and early age of reproduction .
But despite its unique life history , F. labordi still conforms to standard theory : it has the normal combination of small size , rapid growth , early reproductive age , and high adult mortality .
It just exhibits these characteristics in a very extreme way .
The scientists hope that the discovery of this unique creature will offer researchers a new method for testing how various chameleon species , which in some ways are very similar , can evolve so differently .
Such future studies may also help explain the ecological and hormonal factors of aging and longevity .
“ We can not only start to explore why this type of life history evolved in this species , but also what the proximate mechanisms are of how these organisms grow , age , and reach senescence so quickly ; things like genetics , hormones , environment , and the interactions between those variables , ” Karsten said .
He added that the study may influence conservation strategies , too : “ I think this study points out that , at least for some species , conservation efforts that utilize captive breeding propagation may not be beneficial .
For several chameleon species , namely the perennial ones that we know about already , perhaps captive propagation would be a viable alternative .
But for species like F. labordi , it would be wasted effort and resources .
For this species , a conservation management plan for natural populations would be a better idea . ”
More information : Karsten , Kristopher B. ; Andriamandimbiarisoa , Laza N. ; Fox , Stanley F. ; and Raxworthy , Christopher J. “ A unique life history among tetrapods :
An annual chameleon living mostly as an egg . ”
8980 - 8984 , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , July 1 , 2008 , vol. 1 , no . 26 .
Copyright 2008 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Dr. Kurzweil has other graphs showing a century of exponential growth in the number of patents issued , the spread of telephones , the money spent on education .
One graph of technological changes goes back millions of years , starting with stone tools and accelerating through the development of agriculture , writing , the Industrial Revolution and computers .
( For details , see nytimes.com/tierneylab . )
Now , he sees biology , medicine , energy and other fields being revolutionized by information technology .
His graphs already show the beginning of exponential progress in nanotechnology , in the ease of gene sequencing , in the resolution of brain scans .
With these new tools , he says , by the 2020s we ’ll be adding computers to our brains and building machines as smart as ourselves .
This serene confidence is not shared by neuroscientists like Vilayanur S. Ramachandran , who discussed future brains with Dr. Kurzweil at the festival .
It might be possible to create a thinking , empathetic machine , Dr. Ramachandran said , but it might prove too difficult to reverse - engineer the brain ’s circuitry because it evolved so haphazardly .
“ My colleague Francis Crick used to say that God is a hacker , not an engineer , ” Dr. Ramachandran said .
“ You can do reverse engineering , but you ca n’t do reverse hacking . ”
Dr. Kurzweil ’s predictions come under intense scrutiny in the engineering magazine IEEE Spectrum , which devotes its current issue to the Singularity .
Some of the experts writing in the issue endorse Dr. Kurzweil ’s belief that conscious , intelligent beings can be created , but most think it will take more than a few decades .
He is accustomed to this sort of pessimism and readily acknowledges how complicated the brain is .
But if experts in neurology and artificial intelligence ( or solar energy or medicine ) do n’t buy his optimistic predictions , he says , that ’s because exponential upward curves are so deceptively gradual at first .
“ Scientists imagine they ’ll keep working at the present pace , ” he told me after his speech .
“ They make linear extrapolations from the past .
When it took years to sequence the first 1 percent of the human genome , they worried they ’d never finish , but they were right on schedule for an exponential curve .
If you reach 1 percent and keep doubling your growth every year , you ’ll hit 100 percent in just seven years . ”
In a perfect world , we would all have well - funded emergency funds at all times , and it something unexpected came up , we would be able to handle it and then quickly replenish said emergency fund and be prepared for the next emergency .
Would n’t it be nice if things were perfect .
In the real world , sometimes we ’re just not prepared for everything .
Maybe you had a series of emergencies in short succession .
Maybe you ’re getting out of debt and do n’t have a fully funded emergency fund .
Maybe you ’ve just recently realized you need to turn your financial life around and are still trying to undo years of mistakes .
There are a whole host of reasons as well as a combination of reasons why a financial emergency can leave us in the lurch .
Whatever the reason , sometimes we ’re just not prepared .
Something I have been trying to drill into my own head lately is the idea that there is no shame in not being able to afford something .
I recently had a very expensive car repair totally wipe out my emergency fund as well as any reserve funds I could come up with , and then some .
Not even a week later , I got the definitive news from my dentist that I need all four of my wisdom teeth out , and after some investigation I am about 98 % sure that my dental insurance does n’t cover it .
My dentist expects me to schedule and get the teeth out before my appointment to put a filling in at the end of February .
But at that appointment in February , he ’ll get the news that I ’m not having them out until September .
He ’ll think I ’m putting it off because I am scared , because when he told me I need them out , he interpreted my negative reaction to be fear .
It was fear , but not fear of the procedure – fear of the bill .
And although at the time I let him assume he was correct , I now intend to set him straight on that fact .
There is no shame in the fact that I have to budget to pay for an expensive medical procedure , and I do n’t intend to act ashamed about it .
I am human and life happens .
The timing of these events are unfortunate , and necessitate me spacing them out to some degree .
I do n’t intend on being without an emergency fund , and I do n’t see my wisdom teeth coming out as a true emergency that has to happen right this second .
Yes , they need to come out sooner rather than later , but they can wait several months .
I refuse to be ashamed about the fact that I do n’t intend to go into more debt to fund this .
Sadly , the reality is , I still feel embarrassed about it in my head .
But I am practicing talking to my dentist .
I am practicing simply explaining that I can’t afford the procedure at this time and I am budgeting for it and will have saved the money by September .
Because there is no shame in the truth , and the truth is – we have to budget and save over time to make this work .
I get so hung up on “ appearances ” and the idea that money would cause me to put this off makes me feel like I can’t keep up the appearance that we ’re doing just fine .
But maybe that ’s a good thing .
Because doing things this way is a much better alternative than just going into more debt and hoping we can fix it later .
And if more things happen to further derail our plans , we can adjust and go from there .
I ’d rather live in full awareness of reality and be a little embarrassed than in a fantasy world I create with available credit .
And by budgeting , I can slowly build up the funds to have the teeth out and not have to worry about paying for it later .
Worrying about paying for it beforehand is a much better place to be .
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed
You can also : Stumble It !
Bookmark
Submit to Reddit
Submit to Tip’d
Chief of Defence Staff Jock Stirrup said most personnel are well behaved The Royal Military Police is investigating an allegation that British soldiers sexually assaulted a 14 - year - old Iraqi boy , the MoD says .
The incident is alleged to have taken place at Camp Bread Basket in Basra , southern Iraq , in May 2003 .
" This allegation has been referred to the Royal Military Police for investigation , " an MoD spokesman said .
He said all claims of abuse are " investigated thoroughly and where proven those responsible are punished " .
The alleged abuse comes just days after it was announced that the MoD would pay nearly £ 3 m to Iraqis who were tortured by British troops in Basra in 2003 .
Among those receiving compensation are the family of 26 - year - old Baha Mousa who was beaten to death in custody .
Following the latest abuse allegation , the MoD said : " The Army has done a great deal since cases of abuse related to the death of Baha Mousa in 2003 .
" Procedures and training have been improved .
But we are not complacent and continue to demand the very highest standards of conduct from all our troops . "
Impeccable behaviour
On the wider issue of abuse allegations , Chief Marshall Sir Jock Stirrup , the chief of defence staff , said : " We have had tens and tens of thousands of military people going through operational theatres , operating in the most dangerous and most difficult and most stressful conditions , and virtually all of them have behaved impeccably . "
However , he conceded that " has not universally been the case " .
" When it is not the case we are first amongst those who want to see it dealt with because we cannot accept people failing to live up to the high standards that we set , " he told BBC One 's Andrew Marr Show .
But he was keen to stress that any ongoing abuse allegations were subject to proper police investigations and " we need to see what they come up with " .
Mr Mousa died while in the custody of the former Queen 's Lancashire Regiment .
No regiment has yet been named in connection with the latest allegation .
According to the Independent on Sunday newspaper , the boy , now aged 19 , is launching a civil case against the MoD .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
YouTube Ordered to Turn Over All User Records to Viacom
by Jeff Gamet , 10:55 AM EDT , July 3rd , 2008
< script language = " JavaScript " src= " https://bullseye.backbeatmedia.com/bullseye/adserver/253/839/viewJScript?pool=3160&type=3158&pos=1&zone=5000&redirect=ajs&dontcount=1 "></script> < noscript >< a href= " https://adserver1.backbeatmedia.com/servlet/ajrotator/253/839/clickCGI?pos=1&zone=5000 " >< img src= " https://bullseye.backbeatmedia.com/bullseye/adserver/253/839/viewCGI?pool=3160&type=3158&pos=1&zone=5000&redirect=ajs&dontcount=1 " border= " 0 " ></a></noscript>
YouTube users may have lost some of their privacy now that a judge has ordered its parent company Google to surrender every YouTube user 's name , IP address and viewing history to Viacom .
The order was issued on Wednesday at Viacom 's request as part of the company 's lawsuit against YouTube for copyright infringement , according to Wired .
Viacom alleged in its lawsuit that Google is responsible for allowing clips of copyright protected videos on the YouTube Web site .
The company is asking for more than US $ 1 billion in damages .
The broadcaster is hoping that by getting its hands on YouTube 's detailed records , it can show that copyright - infringing content is more popular than user - created content .
Viacom plans to use the data it collects to show that Google has a higher level of liability for the copyright - protected content that appears on YouTube .
Google claims that it and YouTube are protected by a " safe harbor " law for online services because YouTube complies with copyright takedown notices .
For Viacom , however , that 's not good enough .
The broadcaster plans to sift through every personal record from YouTube , regardless of whether or not a user viewed Viacom owned content , and use that data as it sees fit in its case .
The company also won a request that will force YouTube to provide a copy of every video it has ever pulled from the site even if those videos do not relate to Viacom .
The judge 's ruling raised red flags for individuals and organizations concerned with privacy rights , and the Electronic Frontier Foundation has already responded to say that the court order is a clear violation of the Video Privacy Protection Act and " threatens to expose deeply private information . "
Google also requested that the requests be denied to protect user privacy .
The court disagreed with Google and the public , and called Google 's argument that turning over so much information would be a violation of user privacy " speculative . "
While the orders look like a landslide win for Viacom and a big loss for user privacy , the court did deny at least a few of Viacom 's requests .
Motions to force Google to turn over YouTube 's source code , it 's own advertising database schema , and copies of all videos tagged as private were denied .
What Viacom does with the massive amounts of personal information Google is required to now surrender is one concern .
Another is how that will data be protected once it changes hands .
Considering Viacom 's goals , the likelihood that all of the private user data it obtains from YouTube will stay private seems slim .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Home building projects started in June surprisingly rose 9.1 percent due chiefly to a change in New York City building codes that , if it were ignored , would have seen starts decrease by 4.0 percent , a government report said on Thursday .
New York City enacted a new set of construction codes effective July 1 , that largely explained an 11.6 percent increase in building permits and the starts number , the government said .
Excluding multifamily data in the Northeast , the government said , there was a 0.7 percent increase in permits and a 4.0 percent decrease in housing starts in June .
The number of U.S. workers filing new claims for jobless benefits rose by a less - than - expected 18,000 last week to 366,000 on a seasonally adjusted basis , a Labor Department report showed on Thursday .
The four - week average of new jobless claims , a better gauge of underlying labor trends because it irons out week - to - week volatility , fell to 376,500 from 381,000 the week before .
It was the second consecutive weekly drop in that measure .
The number of people remaining on benefit rolls after drawing an initial week of aid fell to 3.12 million in the week ended July 5 - the most recent data available - which was less than the 3.20 million that analysts expected .
Still , it was the 12th straight week that these continued claims were above 3 million , a sign the slow U.S. economy has made it harder for workers to find jobs .
COMMENTS :
ROBERT MACINTOSH , CHIEF ECONOMIST , EATON VANCE CORP ,
BOSTON :
HOUSING STARTS : “ It seems absurd given everything else we know about real estate ...
Excluding the Northeast , starts would have dropped 4 percent .
You take that out , and you ’re probably where you thought you ’d be , down 4 percent .
It ’s so absurd , it ca n’t make sense .
JOBLESS CLAIMS : “ We ’re talking pretty weak economy here .
You need to look at the 4 - week moving average , and that ’s been hovering around this 380,000 level .
Text books will tell you that ’s commensurate with very weak , but still positive GDP .
Exactly the kind of number that we ’ve been getting , less than 1 percent but not negative type of GDP growth .
“ Until that number gets above 400,000 , I think we ’re pretty clearly feel we ’re not in a recession .
It may feel it for certain people in certain industries , but the country as a whole , we ’re not there .
This is saying exactly what you ’d expect .
This number makes a lot of sense to me .
MARK ZANDI , CHIEF ECONOMIST , MOODY’S ECONOMY .COM ,
WESTCHESTER , PENNSYLVANIA :
HOUSING STARTS / PERMITS : “ This is a short - lived bounce in construction , There are just too much unsold inventories for builders to maintain any uptick in construction for long .
There is no chance construction can stay over a million units for very long .
If there is n’t less construction .
we could see prices fall further .
The market will either clear by lower prices or lower construction , most probably both .
This thing will fade . ”
“ The permits rise is due to a very large increase in multifamily .
There ’s nothing to say that the housing slump is over . ”
JOBLESS CLAIMS : “ The market is very soft but it ’s not unraveling .
This suggests the payroll number in July could be a bit better than last month .
The decline would be in the 25,000 to 50,000 area . ”
JOSEPH BATTIPAGLIA , STIFEL NICOLAUS , YARDLEY ,
PENNSYLVANIA :
“ There ’s not much of a takeaway with the housing numbers .
They ’re still in a slump .
This is a reversal of the last couple of months of very dismal performance .
I couple that with the survey of builders that came out yesterday on confidence and their confidence is at a new low .
So that really sets the tone for the months ahead as far as home building is concerned .
“ Jobless claims rose , that ’s a negative for the economy .
So when you put this together with the composite picture , we still have a weak U.S. economy , an ongoing slump in housing and that has not changed .
“ The next six months looks treacherous as far as a weak economy , housing slump continuing , more write offs coming and then we can start talking about more constructive things in 2009 . ”
DAVID GILMORE , PARTNER AT FOREIGN EXCHANGE ANALYTICS ,
ESSEX , CONNECTICUT :
“ The rise is obviously above expectations and it ’s lending the dollar some support .
The permits are also up , which is encouraging as well .
I tend to doubt that the market is going to get too excited by the jump in housing starts and permits in light of the fact that real estate is still under enormous pressure ( and ) home prices are falling .
The last thing we need to see is a jump in inventory of new homes .
I think the dollar obviously has some upside today .
It ’s a continuation of yesterday ’s short - cover ... The market is obviously short dollars . ”
BOB WALTERS , CHIEF ECONOMIST , QUICKEN LOANS , LIVONIA
MICHIGAN :
“ The rate of decrease in housing starts has dropped over the last six months .
We may be approaching levels that could constitute some kind of a floor . ”
JOE FRANCOMANO , DIRECTOR OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE , ERSTE BANK ,
NEW YORK :
“ We have back - to - back positive news on the U.S. Yesterday , it was Wells Fargo , today it ’s the housing starts and jobless claims data and these numbers have boosted the dollar .
But the markets are extremely volatile and this data ’s impact may be short - lived . ”
DAVID COARD , HEAD OF FIXED - INCOME SALES AND TRADING AT THE
WILLIAMS CAPITAL GROUP IN NEW YORK :
“ Both reports ( housing starts and jobless claims ) are certainly better than expected for the economy .
That is the principal reason why Treasuries are selling off here .
I have to get a little more information on the housing numbers , but right now they are favorable from the standpoint of the economy and Treasuries are under selling pressure as a result . ”
“ With claims , we have to be careful focusing on just one week ’s worth of data . ”
GARY THAYER , SENIOR ECONOMIST , WACHOVIA SECURITIES , ST .
LOUIS , MISSOURI :
“ Housing starts rose , a potential sign that the housing market is starting to stabilize .
The overhang of new homes has been coming down .
The bigger overhang has been in the supply of existing homes .
There ’s less supply of new homes on the market .
We probably have n’t seen the end of the housing decline .
but this is an encouraging sign of life .
“ Jobless claims rose , but not dramatically , after a big decline a week earlier .
They still suggest a weak economy , but not dramatic job cuts . ”
PIERRE ELLIS , SENIOR ECONOMIST , DECISION ECONOMICS , NEW
YORK :
“ The housing starts number is bloated by a building authorization technicality in New York City .
New building codes came into effect on July 1 so builders started multi-family structures before then .
The important thing is that single - family starts were weaker than expected .
So builders continue to feel extreme stress and continue to take drastic steps to cut their inventories which is probably a signal that sales in June were disappointing , too .
“ New jobless claims rose , but the level was lower than expected which raises some hope that layoffs continue to be stable and may be drifting down slightly . ”
MARKET REACTION : STOCKS : US SP500 index futures slightly higher around 1252 ; BONDS : US benchmark 10 - year note yield higher around 3.97 percent ; CURRENCIES : US dollar firmer with euro around $ 1.5840 and yen around 105.73 .
A weary US marine takes a break from battle in Afghanistan 's Helmand province .
This Pakistani currency dealer looks as if he may have profited from the rise of the US dollar to its strongest level since late March .
An Indian Sikh ritually bathes at the Golden Temple in Amritsar , on a day on which the birth of a Sikh guru is celebrated .
The pace of life is faster in Tokyo , as a pedestrian strides past a board advising of the latest stock prices .
Also in Tokyo , a sea lion wears a paper hat to mark Children 's Day on 5 May , a national holiday that celebrates children .
A rooster stands proud as it is judged in a birds ' beauty contest in Saudi Arabia 's eastern city of Qatif .
Onlookers hold their breath in Shanghai , China , as a motorbike rider sails through the air during a freestyle competition in the X Games .
And this rider appears to hold his breath as his horse looks for solid ground after a jump at a German competition .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I wanted to have a little walk - through on getting IronRuby up and running .
I am normally a C# guy and this is usually a C# blog , but I think that exposure to dynamic languages is very important .
Since . net is starting to get a bit dynamic ( with IronPython , Boo ( kinda ) , IronPython , and VB. net 10 ( kinda ) ) , I think that developers are going to start seeing this stuff more and more .
Because of this I have created this little walk - through , but this month if you are in the Richmond VA area we are going to have our Meet and Code dinner ( on the 31st of July 2008 ) on dynamic languages .
This tutorial may go a little slow , but I wanted to make sure that it is accessible by absolutely anyone .
So here it goes …
Step
One is a pretty easy one , just go to www.ironruby.com
On there you will find a link to RubyForge.org and it points to here : http://rubyforge.org/projects/ironruby
On RubyForge is where you will find the files , and you are going to need to install TortoiseSVN in order to get them .
Well , you do n’t * need * TortoiseSVN , but that is what we are going to use in this tutorial .
You can get TortoiseSVN here : http://tortoisesvn.net/downloads
Step Two is to use Tortoise to pull down the source .
To start this , we will first create a folder to put our source into :
You can then right click on this folder and click “ SVN Checkout … ”
Then once the checkout box pops up , we can then enter the svn url that we got from rubyforge : svn://rubyforge.org/var/svn/ironruby
Then you can just sit back and wait for the source to download to your local box .
It is pretty big , so it may take a few minutes depending on your connection speed .
Once it is done you ’ll see this :
Once you are done getting the source you will next need to fire up Visual Studio 2008 .
If you do n’t have Visual Studio 2008 , then you can get the express edition here : http://www.microsoft.com/express/download/
Next you will browse to the folder that you downloaded the IronRuby source to .
Here I downloaded it to C:\development \Ruby \IronRuby\ .
You can see that we have a “ trunk ” folder which is part of the source download , and then we have our IronRuby . sln which we are going to open .
You ’ll likely get a warning about Microsoft .
Scripting .
Core about it being customized , and since it is from Microsoft you should tell it to load normally .
Once the project loads up , you ’ll see this :
All that is left to do now is to build it .
And you ’ll hopefully see this :
In order to use IronRuby you will go into the \trunk \build \debug folder ( assuming you compiled in the debug mode ) .
You will run IronRuby from the command line like this :
The first time you run it , you may get a FileLoadException telling you that it can’t load assembly ir , Version 1.0.0.0 .
Well , this is because the IronRuby project has signing turned on , and the option for delay signing is turned on .
If you look in the properties for each project you ’ll see this under the “ Signing ” tab :
So , what you will need to do is to open up a console window and go to the trunk folder where you downloaded ruby .
There is a file there called runfirst.cmd , this contains a few commands , one of which is “ sn - Vr *,31bf3856ad364e35 ” .
This will cause the strong name validation to be skipped on the IronRuby project .
The first time I ran it , I got this :
This was because sn.exe is not in my default path , I resolved this by opening up a Visual Studio Command Prompt ( if you are on Vista , right click and say “ Run As Administrator ” ) :
If you get this , then you need to double check and make sure you ran it as an administrator !
Again though , when I ran it , I still got the Strong Name Validation failure .
I did a bit of research and the problem is that I am running a 64 - bit version of Vista , and by default the 32 - bit version of sn.exe is used .
The 64 - bit version of sn.exe resides in “ \Program Files \Microsoft SDKs \Windows \v6.0A \Bin\x64 ” .
So , I went to the command prompt and ran this command ( make sure the command prompt has been run as an administrator ) :
C: \Program Files \Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v6.0A\Bin\x64>sn.exe - Vr *,31bf3856ad364e35
And finally !
Finally !
So , there you have it .
IronRuby is now installed and ready to go .
Pretty easy huh ?
Not !
This is what you get for wanting to install alpha software !
Now , lets get it setup and tested .
Lets add the folder with IronRuby to our path .
Go to the ‘ System Properties ’ in the Control Panel and go to the ‘ Advanced ’ tab .
At the bottom you ’ll see the “ Environment Variables ” button :
Click on that , and you ’ll get a popup .
At the bottom you ’ll see this :
Edit the Path variable and add a semi-colon ( if one is n’t already at the end ) along with the path where your ir .exe is built to .
Again , in my case , it is ‘;C:\development \Ruby\IronRuby\trunk\build\debug’.
Now you should be able to run ir .
exe from any folder using the command line .
So , I created a “ HelloWorld ” folder in my ‘ development \Ruby \ ’ folder and put a HelloWorld.rb file in there .
Then , from the command line , I can browse to the folder and run this file like this :
So , now you have Ruby all setup and in a future post we will look a bit more at setting up and running an IronRuby project .
I hope this helps someone !
' This is not the way I should have been treated in a country I love '
For more than a decade , Nottingham university felt like the safest place in the world for Hicham Yezza as an undergraduate , doctoral student , campus activist and , most recently , employee .
But two weeks ago his world caved in when he was arrested under the Terrorism Act .
The 30 - year - old Algerian was detained by police for possessing a copy of the al - Qaida training manual that he had been given to print by a friend researching the terrorist group 's techniques for his MA .
University officials called in the police after a colleague noticed the document on his computer .
Yezza and his friend , 22 - year - old student Rizwaan Sabir , were held for six days despite Sabir 's tutors giving statements within two days that the document was directly relevant to his research .
They were released without charge , but up until a last - minute reprieve yesterday Yezza had been threatened with deportation on Sunday , charged with a separate immigration offence .
The chain of events has made him a martyr to academic freedom in the eyes of a growing campaign group of lecturers and students , who say that the government 's anti-terror agenda is putting pressure on universities to spy on their members to monitor signs of extremism .
Some lecturers now claim that " self - censorship " is rife on campuses .
In his first interview , Yezza , speaking from Colnbrook immigration removal centre near Heathrow , said he had been betrayed by the authorities of a country he loved , respected and felt part of .
" This is not the way I should have been treated .
It is hurtful to see myself being treated this way in a country I love , would protect and where I 've done everything I can to engage with and be a good citizen . "
Yezza came to the UK on a presidential scholarship to study a BSc in computer science and management studies .
He went on to do an MA and embarked on a PhD in video compression techniques .
Since last year he had been employed as a personal assistant to the head of the modern languages school at the university .
He has been a prominent figure on the Nottingham campus as general secretary of the international students bureau and a founder of the student peace movement .
Yezza said his situation highlighted a growing fear on campuses .
" It 's a very , very worrying trend that needs to be opposed , this mindset that views everything with extreme suspicion .
That installs some sort of ' play it safe ' mentality , which is the very opposite of intellectual endeavour .
" No intellectual progress takes place without a sense of curiosity , without a sense of going beyond what we know already , beyond the established facts and notions and truths ; that 's how scientific and intellectual revolutions have been achieved . "
He has sympathy for the university .
" Someone could be forgiven , in this current climate , for panicking at this type of document .
But I would have appreciated had I been given five minutes simply to answer the questions relevant to the document .
Once the procedure was launched it was quickly out of the university 's hands . "
Alan Simpson , Labour MP for Nottingham South , has accused the police and intelligence services of attempting to cover up their embarrassment over the initial arrest by bringing the immigration charges - which are still subject to court proceedings .
The Home Office yesterday cancelled plans to deport Yezza tomorrow after his lawyers sought a judicial review and representations were made to the home secretary by both the University and College Union and the University of Nottingham .
The university , which refused the Guardian an interview , is under intense scrutiny from its own academics .
More than 300 supporters of Yezza campaigned at the university campus this week , some dressed in Guantánamo - style orange suits marked " academic researcher " , while others read from the al - Qaida manual to illustrate the fact that it is legal unless being used for illegal purposes .
Yezza 's supporters and academics , many of them attending the University and College Union conference in Manchester this week , are now talking of the pressure they face to become " police informers " on their students , part of the government 's " preventive agenda " which has seen universities and colleges provided with guidance on how to spot and tackle extremism .
Gavin Reid , a member of the UCU national executive committee from Leeds University , said people were scared to do research and speak out .
" Self - censorship is coming , " he said .
" People are more suspicious of colleagues and students .
People are scared even to look at the link [ for the training manual in the Nottingham case ] . "
Catherine Pope , a Southampton university academic who edits a journal , said she had sought legal advice twice on particular articles to " protect the journal and association " .
" What worries me is this self - censorship and gradual erosion of our academic freedom , and before we know it we will be self - censoring and will not be able to change it . "
Alf Nilsen , of Nottingham 's school of politics , said : " Hicham was a very prominent member of student political society .
That says something about the potential implications of being politically active on campus in a time when a culture of fear merges with draconian terror legislation .
" It 's a question of intellectual freedom , not just academic freedom .
What does this say about people 's right to inform themselves about issues of public concern ? "
Are there topics you want to get the world to talk about ?
What do you want to comment on or find out what others think about ?
Have Your Say wants to find out what interests you .
Send us your ideas for new topics and you can set the agenda for a global conversation .
Here are your suggestions for this week :
Thursday , 29th July
Do you want to work after 65 ?
Ian Baldwin , Hingham England
Participate in the debate
Tuesday , 27th July
David Cameron is calling for the EU to allow Turkey to join despite Turkey not yet meeting all of the EU requirements which are required of all members .
Should the EU bend it 's rules for Turkey ?
Glenn Lennox , Nottingham , UK
Read the debate
Is Tony Hayward being treated fairly ?
P Dewsnap , Conway USA
Read the debate
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai says Zimbabwe " is effectively being run by a military junta " .
He said 66 opposition supporters had been killed in political violence since March 's disputed presidential elections and 200 more were unaccounted for .
Mr Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change says he beat President Robert Mugabe outright .
Officials say there must be a run-off on 27 June .
Mr Tsvangirai said he would not accept a victory for Mr Mugabe in the run-off .
' Victory is certain '
BBC Southern Africa correspondent Peter Biles says this is not the first time Mr Tsvangirai has claimed that Mr Mugabe 's security officials are in charge .
Our correspondent says Mr Tsvangirai has alleged that Police Commissioner Augustine Chihuri is responsible for favouring the ruling Zanu - PF party in creating a partisan culture of policing .
Robert Mugabe blames his rivals for election violence
Mr Tsvangirai said the MDC was sure to win the run-off vote and dispelled rumours of discussions about a possible unity government with Zanu - PF .
" The MDC is focused on the run-off , our victory is certain , " the party leader told a news conference in the capital Harare .
" Mugabe will lose .
It 's just a formality to go and campaign , the people have already decided . "
He added that " the issue of a government of national unity before the run - off does not arise " .
He was referring to comments made earlier by the defeated third presidential candidate , Simba Makoni , who said supporters of Mr Tsvangirai and Mr Mugabe were in contact to try to resolve the crisis .
Mr Tsvangirai said a total of 3,000 MDC supporters had required hospital treatment through state - sponsored violence , with 25,000 displaced .
The New York - based Human Rights Watch organisation said on Monday that free elections were not possible because of the Zanu - PF - organised violence .
Mr Mugabe blames his rivals for the bloodshed .
The government has said those suspected of violence will now be refused bail .
Lethal Injection Attack Droid Prototype by Christopher Conte , 2004
Recycled stainless steel , titanium , and machined aluminum with vintage glass syringe .
10.5 " x 6.5 " x 8 " ( 26.5 cm x 16.5 cm x 20 cm )
Photos : Christopher Conte
Currently on loan to the National Museum of Crime and Punishment in Washington , DC
The 39 best Netflix shows to watch right now ( September 2020 )
Netflix
In the mood for a true - crime doc ?
Comedy ?
Drama ?
Look no further than our picks of the best Netflix shows
Among the allegations in former White House press secretary Scott McClellan 's book is his assertion that the national press corps was " too deferential to the White House " , and that the media were " complicit enablers " of President Bush 's agenda .
The press , he charges , failed to aggressively question the rationale for war .
As someone whose duty it was to assume the position of a human piñata every day in the briefing room , I only wish Scott were right .
Liberals have made this charge for years , and prominent reporters have split their verdicts .
Critics and journalists have also said they were intimidated after 9/11 , and pulled back from tough questions .
Katie Couric , who was at NBC in the lead - up to the war , has called it " one of the most embarrassing chapters in American journalism " .
ABC 's Charlie Gibson says journalists did ask hard questions but that the White House did n't answer them .
At the risk of agreeing with one of my toughest protagonists in the briefing room , NBC's David Gregory , the press was tough , plenty tough .
I have the scars - and the transcripts - to prove it .
Less than five hours after the September 11 attacks , as we flew on Air Force One , the travelling White House press corps asked me if the " president should be satisfied with the performance of the intelligence community " .
" Has he asked to find out where the gaps were , " reporters demanded .
" Is he concerned about the fact that this attack of this severity happened with no warnings ? "
Even before the fires were out at the World Trade Centre , journalists pointed fingers and raised important questions .
On a personal level they were stunned , like everyone else .
On a professional level , they dug in .
Over the next few weeks - during the period when critics charge that the press did not do its job and was caught up in the post - 9/11 patriotic fervour - I was challenged every day about intelligence mistakes , military plans and whether George Bush was " going soft " on Vladimir Putin to gain his support .
During the war in Afghanistan , I was grilled over the conduct of the war itself .
I refused to answer questions about operational military details , questions that no White House press secretary should ever answer .
I often returned to my office beaten down from the clashes in the briefing room .
But those clashes have always been part of the job .
As for Iraq , as soon as Bush indicated that he was even considering using force against Saddam Hussein , the press challenged the White House .
" Is the president willing to prepare to sacrifice American and Iraqi innocent lives to take out Saddam Hussein ? "
Helen Thomas asked in September 2002 , more than six months before the war began .
In the lead - up to the war , no matter what position the president took , the press took the opposite .
One reporter quoted foreign leaders as saying that Bush would " destroy the war on terrorism " if he went to war , and of course almost all the press said Bush 's actions were unilateral - despite support from Britain , Italy , Spain , Denmark and practically every nation in eastern Europe .
The press did ask the hard questions , repeatedly .
Based on the CIA 's conclusions , many of the president 's and my answers turned out to be wrong ; but you can't blame the press for the CIA 's reporting or decisions reached by the president .
It 's important to recognise that , regardless of the outcome of the war in Iraq , the press did n't cause it to happen or otherwise enable it .
Usually , retired press secretaries do n't object to an outbreak of internal press controversy .
But no amount of revisionism should be allowed to erase the historical record on this .
· Ari Fleischer was White House press secretary from January 2001 to July 2003 © Washington Post
Paris
Judging from the menu descriptions , someone who has just wandered into a Grom store in Milan or Amorino in Shanghai might mistake it for a fancy wine bar or gourmet food shop .
But ingredients like Pedro Ximenez wine , Tonda Gentile hazelnut from the Langhe , and Sfusato lemon from Amalfi are finding their way into ice - cream cones in these sleek , upscale and often understated shops .
Around the world , these small companies are now marketing Italian gelato as a delicacy for connoisseurs willing to pay a premium for natural ...
US : Amid surging prices ,
Fed raises specter of renewed class struggle
By Andre Damon
17 July 2008
The US Consumer Price Index jumped by an unexpected 1.1 percent last month amid spiraling energy prices , according to Labor Department figures released yesterday .
June ’s inflation spike — the sharpest since 1982 — brought the annual inflation rate to 5 percent .
Economists had been predicting a monthly increase of .7 percent , and June ’s rise was significantly higher than the .6 percent increase seen in May .
Producer prices showed an even sharper increase of 1.8 percent , according to the Labor Department .
The producer price index has increased by 9.2 percent in the past year in the sharpest increase since 1981 .
Energy prices led the increase , jumping by 6.6 percent , while transportation costs also shot up as airlines increased ticket prices by 4.5 percent .
Wage levels , meanwhile , decreased by .9 percent after adjusting for inflation .
Real wages have fallen by a full 2.4 percent in the past year .
Such drastic cuts in real wages — representing a massive transfer of wealth from the working class to the very rich — are sending shockwaves through the whole of American society .
With this in mind , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke warned Tuesday of the potential for renewed demands for higher wages by American workers if prices continue to increase .
In his biannual monetary policy report , delivered to both houses of Congress , the Fed Chairman stressed the Fed ’s continuing commitment to quelling any wages movement .
“ [ T ] he currently high level of inflation , if sustained , might lead the public to revise up its expectations for longer - term inflation , ” he said .
“ If that were to occur , and those revised expectations were to become embedded in the domestic wage - and price - setting process , we could see an unwelcome rise in actual inflation over the longer term .
A critical responsibility of monetary policy makers is to prevent that process from taking hold . ”
In other words , the Fed intends — if it can — to tighten the money supply and deepen the US economic downturn to prevent any wages offensive by the working class .
In case anyone missed the point , Bernanke reiterated the claim in the next paragraph , saying , “ In light of the increase in upside inflation risk , we must be particularly alert to any indications , ... that the inflationary impulses from commodity prices are becoming embedded in the domestic wage and price - setting process . ”
Despite the Bernanke ’s overt warnings about inflation , analysts saw the Fed Chairman ’s speech as shying away from rate increases in the short term .
Bernanke emphasized that the US central bank would focus on preserving “ financial stability . ”
Under conditions in which large sections of the US financial system appear set to implode , this can only imply a delay in raising rates and a retreat from the Fed ’s emphasis on rate rises in June .
Bernanke delivered his speech in the context of what is rapidly emerging as the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
This week brought the third - largest US bank failure ever , as well as the US Treasury ’s announcement that it stands ready to absorb losses at mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , possibly doubling the US government ’s debt overnight .
The US ruling elite is determined to do everything in its power to transfer its own enormous losses onto the backs of the American working class .
The unlimited bailout power being called for by the Treasury and the Fed constitutes one part of this attempt .
The systematic drive to slash real wages in order to finance the return to profitability constitutes another .
Bernanke ’s testimony came amid a near - meltdown of nearly all measures of US economic stability .
He warned of “ numerous difficulties ” facing the US economy .
In his testimony before the House Financial Service Committee , he cited “ significant downside risks to the outlook for growth , ” while also acknowledging that “ upside risks to the inflation outlook have intensified . ”
Under these conditions , the Fed is effectively powerless to shift interest rates one way or the other , fearing either further financial destabilization or an inflationary spiral triggering a new wave of wage struggles by American workers .
The concerns expressed by Bernanke were also reflected in the minutes released Wednesday from the Federal Open Market Committee meeting held on June 24 - 25 .
Given fears of the social consequences of spiraling inflation and the expectations it could generate , the Fed ’s policymakers predicted that the central bank ’s next move “ could well be an increase in the funds rate , ” the minutes said .
They continued : “ Reports on the ability of firms to pass cost increases on to customers were mixed , but some participants commented that the global nature of inflationary pressures could make imports more expensive and give firms greater scope to raise prices .
Some participants noted that wage growth had been quite moderate , reinforcing a view that longer - term inflation expectations and labor cost pressures had remained fairly well contained .
However , others commented that wages might accelerate with a lag only after inflation expectations had moved higher , and that it would be very costly to subsequently bring those expectations back down . ”
In essence , Bernanke and his fellow Fed members are warning that the sharp decreases in real incomes will inexorably lead millions of working people to an open struggle for livable wages .
But under conditions where businesses — aided by the Fed — are seeking to pass on the full cost of the crisis to the masses of working people , such struggles will naturally turn into an open fight against the capitalist system itself .
This is the nightmare of not only Bernanke , but of the entire financial oligarchy and its political establishment .
Indeed , they see the suppression of such a movement as “ very costly . ”
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , in his comments on Bernanke ’s testimony Wednesday , warned his corporate backers to this effect .
After affirming that the existence of rising social inequality is “ no longer a matter debate , ” he noted that , “ If the numbers of unemployment in the second half of this year are not better than that for the first half , we are on track to lose one million jobs this year . ”
The congressman continued , “ No one expects equality , equality is not a good thing , you ca n’t have an economy that works if everything ’s equal .
But too much inequality also has negative consequences . ”
Frank highlighted one section of the Fed ’s monetary policy report , which stated , “ Broad measures of hourly labor compensation have not kept pace with the rapid increases in both overall consumer prices and labor productivity , despite a labor market that , until recently , had been generally tight . ”
He suggested that this situation was not sustainable .
“ Those who wonder why we have resistance to globalization ... should note that working Americans are creating more wealth for this country than they are being allowed to share ; and that is exacerbated by rising prices , ” said the Massachusetts congressman .
He summed up by warning , “ The point to the business community is very clear : how can you understand this ... and then wonder why you ca n’t get trade bills through ; wonder why there is resistance to outsourcing . ”
Although Frank confounds the growing opposition to the capitalist system with anti-trade sentiment , his point is made clearly enough .
What sort of legitimacy can a system that robs working people of 2.4 percent of their income in a single year have in the eyes of millions ?
Whereas Bernanke noted only the risk of a wages struggle , Frank makes clear that the deepening of the present crisis will put into question the political viability of the capitalist system itself .
However , Frank proposed no policies to ameliorate the conditions he described .
Neither section of the ruling elite nor any faction within either of the big business parties can pose such measures .
The US ruling class ’s ability to shuffle off its mass of fictitiously - valued debt is based on its ability to regain profitability , which under the current circumstances can only be boosted via the destruction of jobs and a reduction of domestic wage levels .
The US ruling class is forced into a vicious attack on the working class , even while recoiling in horror at the prospect that its policies will spark a social explosion .
Nuclear - Powered Ships
( Updated July 2020 )
Nuclear power is particularly suitable for vessels which need to be at sea for long periods without refuelling , or for powerful submarine propulsion .
Over 160 ships are powered by more than 200 small nuclear reactors .
Most are submarines , but they range from icebreakers to aircraft carriers .
In future , constraints on fossil fuel use in transport may bring marine nuclear propulsion into more widespread use .
So far , exaggerated fears about safety have caused political restriction on port access .
Work on nuclear marine propulsion started in the 1940s , and the first test reactor started up in USA in 1953 .
The first nuclear - powered submarine , USS Nautilus , put to sea in 1955 .
This marked the transition of submarines from slow underwater vessels to warships capable of sustaining 20 - 25 knots submerged for weeks on end .
The submarine had come into its own .
Nautilus led to the parallel development of further ( Skate - class ) submarines , powered by single pressurised water reactors , and an aircraft carrier , USS Enterprise , powered by eight Westinghouse reactor units in 1960 .
A cruiser , USS Long Beach , followed in 1961 and was powered by two of these early units .
Remarkably , the Enterprise remained in service to the end of 2012 .
By 1962 the US Navy had 26 nuclear submarines operational and 30 under construction .
Nuclear power had revolutionised the Navy .
The technology was shared with Britain , while French , Russian and Chinese developments proceeded separately .
After the Skate - class vessels , reactor development proceeded and in the USA a single series of standardised designs was built by both Westinghouse and GE , one reactor powering each vessel .
Rolls Royce built similar units for the UK Royal Navy submarines and then developed the design further to the PWR - 2 .
Russia developed both PWR and lead - bismuth cooled reactor designs , the latter not persisting .
Eventually four generations * of submarine PWRs were utilised , the last entering service in 1995 in the Severodvinsk class .
* 1955 - 66 , 1963-92 , 1976-2003 , 1995 on , according to Bellona .
The largest submarines are the 26,500 tonne ( 34,000 t submerged ) Russian Typhoon - class , powered by twin 190 MWt PWR reactors , though these were superseded by the 24,000 t Oscar - II class ( eg Kursk ) with the same power plant .
The safety record of the US nuclear navy is excellent , this being attributed to a high level of standardisation in naval power plants and their maintenance , and the high quality of the Navy 's training program .
However , early Soviet endeavours resulted in a number of serious accidents – five where the reactor was irreparably damaged , and more resulting in radiation leaks .
There were more than 20 radiation fatalities . *
Nevertheless , by Russia ’s third generation of marine PWRs in the late 1970s safety and reliability had become a high priority .
( Apart from reactor accidents , fires and accidents have resulted in the loss of two US and about 4 Soviet submarines , another four of which had fires resulting in loss of life . )
Lloyd 's Register shows about 200 nuclear reactors at sea , and that some 700 have been used at sea since the 1950s .
Other sources quote 108 reactors in US naval vessels in mid-2019 .
More than 12,000 reactor years of nuclear marine operation have been accumulated , and Russia claims 7000 of these .
Nuclear Naval Fleets
Russia built 248 nuclear submarines and five naval surface vessels ( plus nine icebreakers ) powered by 468 reactors between 1950 and 2003 , and was then operating about 60 nuclear naval vessels .
( Bellona gives 247 subs with 456 reactors 1958 - 95 . )
For operational vessels in 1997 , Bellona lists 109 Russian submarines ( plus four naval surface ships ) and 108 attack submarines ( SSN ) and 25 ballistic missile ones apart from Russia .
At the end of the Cold War , in 1989 , there were over 400 nuclear - powered submarines operational or being built .
At least 300 of these submarines have now been scrapped and some on order cancelled , due to weapons reduction programmes *.
Russia and the USA had over 100 each in service , with the UK and France less than 20 each and China six .
The total today is understood to be about 150 , including new ones commissioned **.
Most or all are fuelled by high - enriched uranium ( HEU ) .
India launched its first nuclear submarine in 2009 , the 6000 dwt Arihant SSBN , with a single 85 MW PWR fuelled by HEU ( critical in August 2013 ) driving a 70 MW steam turbine .
It is reported to have cost $ 2.9 billion and was to be commissioned in 2016 .
The second and slightly larger Arihant - class SSBN , the INS Aridaman is being built at the Ship Building Centre in Visakhapatnam , and was due to be launched in 2018 and commissioned by 2022 .
It will have a more powerful reactor .
Another three Arihant - class vessels launched by 2023 and then six SSBN twice the size of Arihant - class and six nuclear SSNs are planned , the latter being approved by the government in February 2015 .
The SSNs will be a similar size to Arihant - class SSBN and powered by a new reactor being developed by BARC .
India is also leasing an almost - new 7900 dwt ( 12,770 tonne submerged ) Russian Akula - II class nuclear attack submarine for ten years from 2010 , at a cost of US $ 650 million : the INS Chakra , formerly Nerpa .
It has a single 190 MWt VM - 5 / OK - 659B ( or OK - 650B ) PWR driving a 32 MW steam turbine and two 2 MWe turbogenerators .
The USA has the main navy with nuclear - powered aircraft carriers , while both it and Russia have had nuclear - powered cruisers ( USA : 9 ; Russia : 4 ) .
The USA had built 219 nuclear - powered vessels to mid-2010 .
All US aircraft carriers and submarines are nuclear - powered .
( The UK ’s new large aircraft carriers are powered by two 36 MW gas turbines driving electric motors . )
The US Navy has accumulated over 6200 reactor - years of accident - free experience involving 526 nuclear reactor cores over the course of 240 million kilometres , without a single radiological incident , over a period of more than 50 years .
It operated 81 nuclear - powered ships ( 11 aircraft carriers , 70 submarines – 18 SSBN / SSGN , 52 SSN ) with 92 reactors in 2017 .
there were 10 Nimitz - class carriers in service ( CVN 68 - 77 ) , each designed for 50 - year service life with one mid-life refuelling and complex overhaul of their two A4W Westinghouse reactors .
The Gerald Ford -class ( CVN 78 on ) has a similar hull and some 800 fewer crew and two more powerful Bechtel A1B reactors driving four shafts as well as the electromagnetic aircraft launch system .
It has an expected service life of 90 years .
The Russian Navy logged over 6500 nautical reactor - years to 2015 .
It appears to have eight strategic submarines ( SSBN / SSGN ) in operation and 13 nuclear - powered attack submarines ( SSN ) , plus some diesel submarines .
Russia announced that it would build eight new nuclear SSBN submarines in its plan to 2015 .
Its only nuclear - powered carrier project was cancelled in 1992 .
It has one nuclear - powered cruiser in operation and three others were being overhauled .
In 2012 it announced that its third - generation strategic submarines would have extended service lifetimes , from 25 to 35 years .
In 2012 construction of a nuclear - powered deep - sea submersible was announced .
This is based on the Oscar - class naval submarine and is apparently designed for research and rescue missions .
It will be built by the Sevmash shipyard at Severodvinsk , which builds Russian naval submarines .
China has about 12 nuclear - powered submarines ( 6 - 8 SSN type - 93 Shang - class and type - 95 , 4 - 5 SSBN type - 94 Jin-class and type - 96 ) , and was building 21 more .
In February 2013 China Shipbuilding Industry Corp ( CSIC ) received state approval and funding to begin research on core technologies and safety for nuclear - powered ships , with polar vessels being mentioned but aircraft carriers being considered a more likely purpose for the new development .
Its first nuclear - powered submarine was decommissioned in 2013 after almost 40 years of service .
In June 2018 China National Nuclear Corporation ( CNNC ) requested bids from shipbuilders for the country 's first nuclear - powered icebreaker .
( Its first domestically - built aircraft carrier Shandong is conventionally oil - powered . )
France has a nuclear - powered aircraft carrier and ten nuclear submarines ( 4 SSBN , 6 Rubis class SSN ) , with six Barracuda class SSN coming online from 2020 , Suffren being the first .
The UK has 12 submarines , all nuclear powered ( 4 SSBN , 8 SSN ) .
The occupational radiation doses to crew of nuclear vessels in very small .
US Naval Reactors ’ average annual occupational exposure was 0.06 mSv per person in 2013 , and no personnel have exceeded 20 mSv in any year in the 34 years to then .
The average occupational exposure of each person monitored at US Naval Reactors ' facilities since 1958 is 1.03 mSv per year .
Civil Vessels
Nuclear propulsion has proven technically and economically essential in the Russian Arctic where operating conditions are beyond the capability of conventional icebreakers .
The power levels required for breaking ice up to 3 metres thick , coupled with refuelling difficulties for other types of vessels , are significant factors .
The nuclear fleet , with six nuclear icebreakers and a nuclear freighter , has increased Arctic navigation from 2 to 10 months per year , and in the Western Arctic , to year - round .
The icebreaker Lenin was the world 's first nuclear - powered surface vessel ( 20,000 dwt ) , commissioned in 1959 .
It remained in service for 30 years to 1989 , and was retired due to the hull being worn thin from ice abrasion .
It initially had three 90 MWt OK - 150 reactors , but these were badly damaged during refuelling in 1965 and 1967 .
In 1970 they were replaced by two 171 MWt OK - 900 reactors providing steam for turbines which generated electricity to deliver 34 MW at the propellers .
Lenin was retired in 1989 and is now a museum .
It led to a series of larger icebreakers , the six 23,500 dwt Arktika - class , commissioned from 1975 .
These powerful vessels have two 171 MWt OK - 900A reactors delivering 54 MW at the propellers and are used in deep Arctic waters .
The Arktika was the first surface vessel to reach the North Pole , in 1977 .
Yamal , commissioned in 1992 , remains in service , with Sibir , Arktika , Rossija and Sovetskiy Soyuz decommissioned in 1992 , 2008 , 2013 and 2014 respectively .
Nominal service life was 25 years ( 150,000 hours for the reactors ) , but Atomflot first confirmed 30 - year life for it , then in 2020 following a service life extension programme , a further 50,000 hours was licensed , representing six years to 2028 .
The original Arktika - class were 148 m long and 30 m wide , and designed to break two metres of ice .
The sixth and largest Arktika - class icebreaker – 50 Years of Victory ( 50 Let Pobedy ) – was built by the Baltic shipyard at St Petersburg and after delays during construction it entered service in 2007 ( twelve years later than the 50 - year anniversary of 1945 it was to commemorate ) .
It is 25,800 dwt , 160 m long and 20 m wide , and is designed to break through ice up to 2.8 metres thick .
Its propulsive power is about 54 MW .
For use in shallow waters such as estuaries and rivers , two shallow - draft Taymyr - class icebreakers of 18,260 dwt with one 171 MWt KLT - 40 M reactor delivering 35 MW propulsive were built in Finland and then fitted with their nuclear steam supply system in Russia .
They – Taymyr and Vaygach – are built to conform with international safety standards for nuclear vessels and were launched in 1989 and 1990 respectively .
They are 152 m long and 19 m wide , will break 1.77 metres of ice , and are expected to operate for about 30 years or 175,000 hours .
OKBM Afrikantov was contracted to extend the operational lifetime of Vaygach to 200,000 hours , and the same was achieved for Taymyr .
In anticipation of decreasing ice and increased traffic , tenders were called for building the first of a new LK - 60 series of Russian icebreakers in mid-2012 , as Project 22220 , and the contract was awarded to Baltijsky Zavod Shipbuilding in St Petersburg .
The keel of the new Arktika was laid in November 2013 , it was launched in June 2016 and it was due to be delivered to Atomflot by the end of 2017 at a cost of RUR 37 billion .
In January 2013 Rosatom called for bids to build two more LK - 60 icebreakers and a RUR 84.4 billion contract for the second and third vessels , Sibir and Ural , was let in May 2014 to the same shipyard , for delivery in 2019 and 2020 .
The project cost was quoted in mid-2016 at RUR 122 billion .
Construction of the Sibir started in May 2015 and it was launched by the Baltic Shipyard in September 2017 .
The two RITM - 200 reactors were installed at the end of 2017 .
Construction of Ural started in July 2016 and it was launched in May 2019 .
Arktika was expected to be in service in 2019 but the date was pushed back to April 2020 due to a delay in manufacturing the steam turbines .
It commenced sea trials in December 2019 , but in February 2020 one of its propulsion motors was damaged by a short circuit , requiring complex replacement scheduled for 2021 .
Construction of the fourth LK - 60 , Yakutija , started in mid-2020 , with the last , Chukotka , scheduled one year later .
The LK - 60 vessels are ' universal ' dual - draught ( 10.5 m with full ballast tanks , minimum 8.55 m ) , displacing up to 33,540 t ( 25,450 t without ballast ) , for use in the Western Arctic year - round and in the eastern Arctic in summer and autumn .
They are 173 m long , 34 m wide , and designed to break through 2.8 metre thick ice at up to 2 knots .
The wider 33 m beam at the waterline is to match the 70,000 tonne ships they are designed to clear a path for , though a few ships with reinforced hulls are already using the Northern Sea Route .
There is scope for more use : in 2011 , 19,000 ships used the Suez Canal and only about 40 traversed the northern route .
This increased in 2013 – see below .
The LK - 60 is powered by two RITM - 200 reactors of 175 MWt each which together deliver 60 MW at the three propellers via twin turbine - generators and three electric motors .
The LK - 60 is designed to operate in the Western Arctic – in the Barents , Pechora and Kara Seas , as well as in shallow water of the Yenissei River and Ob Bay , for year - round pilotage ( also as tug ) of tankers , dry - cargo ships and vessels with special equipment to mineral resource development sites on the Arctic shelf .
The Yamal LNG project is expected to need 200 shipping movements per year from Sabetta at the mouth of the Ob River .
The vessel has a smaller crew than its predecessors – only 75 .
They will replace the older vessels Sovetskiy Soyuz and Yamal .
A more powerful Russian LK - 120 ( originally LK - 110 ) icebreaker , Project 10510 , Lider ( or Leader ) , will be powered by two RITM - 400 reactors of 315 MWt each to deliver 120 MW propulsion through four 37 MW turbine - generators , four electric motors and four propellers .
It is to be capable of breaking through 4.5 metre thick ice , or 2 m thick ice at 10 - 11 knots .
It is for deep - sea use in the eastern Arctic and will be 209 m long , 48 m wide and with 13 m draft , with displacement of 69,700 dwt .
Each of three planned vessels would have a crew of 127 .
Since they are too big for the St Petersburg shipyard , they will be built in the Zvezda Shipyard Complex in the Far East Primorye region near Vladivostok .
Each vessel is expected to cost RUR 120 billion ( $ 1.8 to $ 2.0 billion ) .
A contract for the first one was signed in April 2020 , with commissioning expected in 2027 .
The LK - 60 is too big for easy operation around the oil and gas fields , so Project 10570 is under development with an LK - 40 intended for shallow water and the Arctic shelf , with a range of uses .
It will displace 20,700 t and be 152 m long , 31 m wide , draft 8.5 m , using a single RITM - 200B reactor of 209 MWt delivering 40 MW at the propellers .
The reactor plant mass is 1453 tonnes .
Development of nuclear merchant ships began in the 1950s but on the whole has not been commercially successful .
The 22,000 tonne US - built NS Savannah , was commissioned in 1962 and decommissioned eight years later .
The reactor used 4.2 % and 4.6 % enriched uranium .
It was a technical success , but not economically viable .
It had a 74 MWt reactor delivering 16.4 MW to the propeller , but the reactor was uprated to 80 MWt in 1964 .
The German - built 15,000 tonne Otto Hahn cargo ship and research facility sailed some 650,000 nautical miles on 126 voyages in 10 years without any technical problems .
It had a 36 MWt reactor delivering 8 MW to the propeller .
However , it proved too expensive to operate and in 1982 it was converted to diesel .
The 8000 tonne Japanese Mutsu was the third civil vessel , put into service in 1970 .
It had a 36 MWt reactor delivering 8 MW to the propeller .
It was dogged by technical and political problems and was an embarrassing failure .
These three vessels used reactors with low - enriched uranium fuel ( 3.7- 4.4 % U-235 ) .
In 1988 the NS Sevmorput was commissioned in Russia , mainly to serve northern Siberian ports .
It is a 61,900 tonne 260 m long LASH - carrier ( taking lighters to ports with shallow water ) and container ship with ice - breaking bow capable of breaking 1.5 metres of ice .
It is powered by a KLT - 40 reactor similar to the OK - 900 as used in larger icebreakers , but with only 135 MWt power delivering 32.5 propeller MW .
It needed refuelling only once to 2003 .
It was to be decommissioned about 2014 , but Rosatom approved overhauling it and the ship was returned to service in 2015 .
In 2019 it was used to ship fresh food from the Pacific across the northern sea route to Murmansk .
Russian experience with nuclear powered Arctic ships totals about 365 reactor - years to 2015 .
In 2008 the Arctic fleet was transferred from the Murmansk Shipping Company under the Ministry of Transport to Atomflot , under Rosatom .
This became a commercial enterprise , with the 40 % state subsidy of RUR 1262 million in 2011 phased out in 2014 .
In August 2010 two Arktika - class icebreakers escorted the 100,000 dwt tanker Baltika , carrying 70,000 tonnes of gas condensate , from Murmansk to China via the Northern Sea Route ( NSR ) , saving some 8000 km compared with the Suez Canal route .
In November 2012 the Ob River LNG tanker with 150,000 cubic metres of gas as LNG , chartered by Russia 's Gazprom , traversed the northern sea route from Norway to Japan accompanied by nuclear - powered icebreakers , the route cutting 20 days off the normal journey and resulting in less loss of cargo .
It has a strengthened hull to cope with the Arctic ice .
There are plans to ship iron ore and base metals on the northern sea route also .
In 2013 the Atomflot icebreakers supported freight transportation and emergency rescue operations along the Northern Sea Route ( NSR ) , and freezing northern seas and estuaries of rivers .
In the framework of the regulated activity paid for as per rates established by the Federal Tariff Service of Russia ( FST ) , 151 steering operations were carried out for ships with cargo and in ballast to and from ports in the aquatic area of the NSR , including steering of ships with cargo for building Sabetta Port of JSC Yamal SPG to Okskaya Bay and steering of a convoy of Navy ships under a contract with the Ministry of Defence .
Over the 2013 summer - autumn navigation season , 71 transit steering operations were carried out , including 25 foreign - flag ships .
A total of 1,356,000 tonnes of various cargoes was shipped east and west through the aquatic area of the NSR .
In 2017 the World Association of Nuclear Operators ( WANO ) for the first time carried out a corporate peer review of Atomflot , focused on safety culture .
WANO routinely carries out such reviews of nuclear power plants worldwide .
Nuclear power and propulsion systems
Naval reactors ( with the exception of the ill - fated Russian Alfa class described below ) have been pressurised water types , which differ from commercial reactors producing electricity in that :
They deliver a lot of power from a very small volume and therefore most run on highly - enriched uranium ( > 20 % U - 235 , originally c 97 % but apparently now 93 % in latest US submarines , c 20 - 25 % in some western vessels , 20 % in the first and second generation Russian reactors ( 1957 - 81 ) * , then 21 % to 45 % in 3rd generation Russian units ( 40 % in India 's Arihant ) .
Newer French reactors run on low - enriched fuel .
The fuel is not UO 2 but a uranium - zirconium or uranium - aluminium alloy ( c15%U with 93 % enrichment , or more U with less – eg 20 % – U - 235 ) or a metal - ceramic ( Kursk : U - Al zoned 20 - 45 % enriched , clad in zircaloy , with c 200 kg U - 235 in each 200 MW core ) .
but a uranium - zirconium or uranium - aluminium alloy ( c15%U with 93 % enrichment , or more U with less – eg 20 % – U - 235 ) or a metal - ceramic ( Kursk : U - Al zoned 20 - 45 % enriched , clad in zircaloy , with c 200 kg U - 235 in each 200 MW core ) .
They have long core lives , so that refuelling is needed only after 10 or more years , and new cores are designed to last 50 years in carriers and 30 - 40 years ( over 1.5 million kilometres ) in most submarines , albeit with much lower capacity factors than a nuclear power plant ( < 30 % ) .
The design allows for a compact pressure vessel with internal neutron and gamma shield .
The Sevmorput pressure vessel for a relatively large marine reactor is 4.6 m high and 1.8 m diameter , enclosing a core 1 m high and 1.2 m diameter .
Thermal efficiency is less than in civil nuclear power plants due to the need for flexible power output , and space constraints for the steam system .
There is no soluble boron used in naval reactors ( at least US ones ) .
The long core life is enabled by the relatively high enrichment of the uranium and by incorporating a ' burnable poison ' such as gadolinium – which is progressively depleted as fission products and actinides accumulate and fissile material is used up .
These accumulating poisons and fissile reduction would normally cause reduced fuel efficiency , but the two effects cancel one another out .
However , the enrichment level for newer French naval fuel has been dropped to 7.5 % U - 235 , the fuel being known as ' Caramel ' , originally developed for research reactors and providing the possibility for greater fuel density , so helping to minimize the increased size of an LEU - fuelled core .
It needs to be changed every ten years or so , but avoids the need for a specific military enrichment line , and some reactors will be smaller versions of those on the Charles de Gaulle .
In 2006 the Defence Ministry announced that Barracuda class submarines would use fuel with " civilian enrichment , identical to that of EdF power plants , " about 5 % enriched , and certainly marks a major change there .
Long - term integrity of the compact reactor pressure vessel is maintained by providing an internal neutron shield .
( This is in contrast to early Soviet civil PWR designs where embrittlement occurs due to neutron bombardment of a very narrow pressure vessel . )
The Russian , US , and British navies rely on steam turbine propulsion , the French and Chinese in submarines use the turbine to generate electricity for propulsion .
Russian ballistic missile submarines as well as all surface ships since the Enterprise are powered by two reactors .
Other submarines ( except some Russian attack subs ) are powered by one .
A new Russian test - bed submarine is diesel - powered but has a very small nuclear reactor for auxiliary power .
Early Russian submarines were powered by VM - A PWRs using 20 - 21 % enriched uranium fuel and producing 70 MWt .
These had full - power core life of 1440 hours .
The VM - 2 then VM - 4 reactors , also using 20 % enriched fuel and most producing 90 MWt , followed it in second - generation Russian submarines , with twin units in larger vessels .
Twin VM - 5 PWRs , each 190 MWt and delivering 37 shaft MW , powered the third - generation SSBN vessels , with a single unit in the SSNs .
The small Losharik submarine ( Project 210 , AS - 12 ) is a specialist vessel capable of reaching great depths and has an E - 17 PWR reactor .
The Russian Alfa-class submarines had a single liquid metal cooled VM - 40 fast neutron reactor of 155 MWt and using very highly enriched uranium – 90 % enriched U - Be fuel .
The OK - 550 steam generator delivered 30 shaft MW .
These vessels with titanium hulls were very fast , but had operational problems in ensuring that the lead - bismuth coolant did not freeze when the reactor was shut down .
Reactors had to be kept running , even in harbour , since the external heating provision did not work .
The design was unsuccessful and used in only eight trouble - plagued vessels , which were retired early .
Russia ’s K - 27 was an experimental predecessor to the Alfa - class with twin VT - 1 or RM - 1 lead - bismuth cooled reactors .
After a few years ' service it suffered a multi-fatality reactor accident in 1968 , was laid up at Gremikha Bay , then scuttled in 1979 .
It now needs to be raised and dismantled there .
Russian cruisers have used twin KN - 3 reactors of 300 MWt .
The US Navy 's 1955 Nautilus had a S2W PWR with 93 % - enriched fuel , 900 - hour core life at full power delivering 10 MW shaft power .
Its second nuclear submarine , USS Seawolf , SSN - 575 , had a sodium - cooled S2G power plant and operated for nearly two years ( 1957 - 58 ) with this .
The intermediate - spectrum reactor raised its incoming coolant temperature over ten times as much as the Nautilus ' water - cooled plant , providing superheated steam , and it offered an outlet temperature of 454°C , compared with the Nautilus ’ 305°C .
It was highly efficient , but offsetting this , the plant had serious operational disadvantages .
Large electric heaters were required to keep the plant warm when the reactor was down to avoid the sodium freezing .
The biggest problem was that the sodium became highly radioactive , with a half - life of 15 hours , so that the whole reactor system had to be more heavily shielded than a water - cooled plant , and the reactor compartment could n’t be entered for many days after shutdown .
The reactor was replaced with a PWR type ( S2Wa ) similar to Nautilus .
For many years the Los Angeles - class submarines built 1972 - 96 formed the backbone of the US SSN ( attack ) fleet , and 62 were built .
They are 6900 dwt submerged , and have a 165 MW GE S6G reactor driving two 26 MW steam turbines .
Refuelling interval is 30 years .
The US Virginia - class SSN submarine has a S9G reactor of about 150 MW driving a 30 MW pump - jet propulsion system built by BAE Systems ( originally for the Royal Navy ) .
The reactor does not need refuelling for 33 years .
They are about 7900 dwt , and 12 were in operation as of mid-2015 , with 16 more on order , and eventual total likely to be 48 .
The 14 US Ohio - class SSBNs ( and four converted to SSGNs for guided missiles ) have a single S8G nuclear reactor of 220 MWt delivering 45 MW shaft power .
These require mid-life refueling at about 25 years .
Unlike PWRs , boiling water reactors ( BWRs ) circulate water which is radioactive * outside the reactor compartment , and are also considered too noisy for submarine use .
Reactor power ranges from 10 MWt ( in a prototype ) up to 200 MWt in the larger submarines and 300 MWt in surface ships such as the Kirov - class battle cruisers .
A figure of 550 MWt each is quoted for two A4W units in Nimitz - class carriers , and these supply 104 shaft MW each ( USS Enterprise had eight A2W units of 26 shaft MW and was refuelled three times ) .
The Gerald Ford - class carriers have more powerful and simpler A1B reactors * reported to be at least 25 % more powerful than A4W , hence about 700 MWt , but running a ship which apart from the steam turbnine propulsion is entirely electrical , including an electromagnetic aircraft launch system or catapult .
Accordingly , the ship has about three times the electrical capacity of Nimitz - class .
Ford - class are designed to be refuelled in mid-operational life of 50 years .
* This is a ‘ Bechtel ’ reactor since it has taken over Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory from Westinghouse , and Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory from GE .
These have always provided naval power reactors .
The smallest nuclear submarines are the six French Rubis - class attack submarines ( 2600 dwt ) in service since 1983 , and these use a CAS48 reactor , a 48 MW integral PWR reactor from Technicatome ( now Areva TA ) with 7 % enriched fuel that requires refuelling every 7 - 10 years .
The French aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle ( 38,000 dwt ) , commissioned in 2000 , has two K15 integral PWR units of 150 MWt scaled up from the CAS48 design driving 61 MW Alstom turbines and the system can provide five years running at 25 knots before refuelling .
The Le Triomphant class of ballistic missile submarines ( 14,335 dwt submerged – the last launched in 2008 ) uses these K15 naval PWRs of 150 MWt and 32 shaft MW with pump - jet propulsion and operating cycle 20 - 25 years .
The Barracuda class ( 5200 dwt ) or Suffren class attack submarines , will have hybrid propulsion : electric for normal use and pump - jet for higher speeds .
Areva TA ( formerly Technicatome ) will provide 150 MWt reactors based on the K15 for the six Barracuda submarines , delivering about 21.5 MW shaft power .
The first is due to be commissioned in 2020 .
Refuelling interval is about ten years .
As noted above , they will use low - enriched fuel – about 5 % .
French integral PWR system for submarine
( steam generator within reactor pressure vessel )
The Rolls - Royce PWR1 of about 78 MWt was used to power the first 23 British nuclear submarines .
British Vanguard class ballistic missile submarines ( SSBN ) of 15,900 dwt submerged have a single PWR2 reactor with two steam turbines driving a single pump jet of 20.5 MW , implying a reactor power of about 145 MWt .
New versions of this with ' Core H' will require no refuelling over the life of the vessel* .
UK Astute class attack submarines of 7400 dwt submerged have a modified ( smaller ) PWR2 reactor driving two steam turbines and a single pump jet reported as 11.5 MW , and are being commissioned from 2010 – the third of seven in March 2016 .
In March 2011 a safety assessment of the PWR2 design was released showing the need for improvement , though they have capacity for passive cooling to effect decay heat removal .
The PWR3 for the Vanguard replacement Dreadnought class SSBN will be largely a US design but using UK technology .
It will be more expensive to build but cheaper to maintain than PWR2 .
All UK submarine reactors use highly - enriched fuel .
* Rolls - Royce claims that the Core H PWR2 has six times the ( undisclosed ) power of its original PWR1 and runs four times as long .
The Core H is Rolls - Royce 's sixth - generation submarine reactor core .
Since 1959 Russia has used four generations of PWRs in its civil fleet :
OK - 150 in the Lenin until 1966 ( 3x90 MWt ) .
OK - 900 subsequently in the Lenin ( 2x159 MWt ) , OK - 900A in the main Arktika - class icebreaker fleet ( 2x171 MWt ) .
KLT - 40 in the Sevmorput ( 1x135 MWt ) , KLT - 40 M in two Tamyr class icebreakers ( 1x171 MWt ) , and KLT - 40S ( 2x35 MWe ) in the Akademik Lomonosov floating nuclear power plant ( FNPP ) .
RITM -200 in the LK - 60 generation of icebreakers ( 2x175 MWt ) , RITM - 200 M in the second generation FNPP ( 2x50 - 55 MWe ) , and the RITM - 400 under development for LK - 120 icebreakers ( 2x315 MWt ) .
The OK series of reactors was developed separately from VVER power reactors , by OKBM Afrikantov .
They were originally designed not to be refuelled .
The KLT and RITM designs are also from OKBM - Afrikantov .
Russia 's main submarine power plant is the VM - 5 PWR with OK - 650 steam generator unit of 190 MWt , using 20 - 45 % enriched fuel .
This set - up is usually known simply as an OK - 650 nuclear power system .
The large ballistic missile submarines ( SSBN ) and cruise missile submarines have two of these with steam turbines together delivering 74 MW , and its third - generation attack submarines ( SSN ) have a single VM - 5 plus OK - 650 unit powering a 32 MW steam turbine .
The fourth - generation Borei - class SSBN with single 195 MWt OK - 650 power plant is the first Russian design to use pump - jet propulsion .
A fifth generation naval reactor is reported to be a super - critical type ( SCWR ) with single steam circuit and expected to run 30 years without refuelling .
A full - scale prototype was being tested early in 2013 .
Russia 's large Arktika class icebreakers launched 1975 - 2007 use two OK - 900A ( essentially KLT - 40 M ) nuclear reactors of 171 MW each with 241 or 274 fuel assemblies of 45 - 75 % enriched fuel as U - Zr alloy and 3 - 4 year refuelling interval .
They drive steam turbines and each produces up to 33 MW at the propellers , though overall propulsive power is about 54 MW .
The two Tamyr class icebreakers have a single 171 MW KLT - 40 M reactor giving 35 MW propulsive power .
Sevmorput uses one 135 MW KLT - 40 unit producing 32.5 MW propulsive , and all those use 90 % enriched fuel .
( The now - retired Lenin 's first OK - 150 reactors used 5 % enriched fuel but were replaced by OK - 900 units with 45 - 75 % enriched fuel . )
Most of the Arktika - class vessels have had operating life extensions based on engineering knowledge built up from experience with Arktika itself .
It was originally designed for 100,000 hours of reactor life , but this was extended first to 150,000 hours , then to 175,000 hours .
In practice this equated to a lifespan of eight extra years of operation on top of the design period of 25 .
In that time , Arktika covered more than 1 million nautical miles .
For the next LK - 60 generation of Russian icebreakers , OKBM Afrikantov developed a new reactor – RITM - 200 – to replace the KLT design .
Under Project 22220 this is an integral 175 MWt PWR with inherent safety features and using low - enriched uranium fuel ( almost 20 % ) .
Two reactors drive two turbine generators and then three electric motors powering the propellers , producing 60 MW propulsive power .
At 65 % capacity factor , refuelling is every 7 - 10 years , overhaul at 20 years , over a 60 - year operating lifetime .
TVEL started making the fuel in 2016 , with 4.5 TWh service life from each load ( which would be 42 % capacity over 7 years ) .
The design concept allows for a third reactor to feed into motive power .
The reactors with integral steam generators are made by ZIO - Podolsk .
The first icebreakers to be equipped with these were started up in October 2019 and are due in service in 2020 .
For floating nuclear power plants ( see below ) , twin RITM - 200 M have a 10 - year refuelling cycle .
The RITM - 200 M is 175 MWt , 50 MWe .
The two integral RITM - 400 reactors powering the LK - 120 icebreakers will be 315 MWt each to deliver 120 MW propulsion through four electric motors .
The reactor plant mass will be 1936 tonnes each .
The KLT - 40S is a four - loop version of the icebreaker reactor for floating nuclear power plants which runs on low - enriched uranium ( < 20 % ) and has a bigger core ( 1.3 m high instead of 1.0 m ) and a shorter refuelling interval of 3 - 4.5 years .
A variant of this is the KLT - 20 , specifically designed for floating nuclear power plants .
It is a two - loop version with the same enrichment but a 10 - year refuelling interval .
OKBM has supplied 460 nuclear reactors for the Russian navy , and these have operated more than 6500 reactor - years .
Russia ’s planned Shtorm aircraft carrier ( Project 23000 ) will be fitted with RITM - 200 reactors .
China developed its first submarine nuclear power plant in the 1970s , with some Russian help .
The two - loop 300 MWe Qinshan reactor commissioned in 1994 is said to be based on early submarine reactors .
The Type 91 Han-class SSN and Type 92 Xia-class had a single PWR of about 58 MWt , probably based on Russia ’s OK - 150 and delivering about 8.2 MW shaft power .
The Type 93 Shang - class SSN and Type 94 Jin-class SSBN have one or two PWRs of about 150 - 175 MWt total delivering about 25 MW shaft power .
The Type 95 SSN and Type 96 Tang - class SSBN have improved reactors possibly with reverse - engineering from US civil equipment , but little is known of them .
At least in earlier reactors , China is believed to use low - enriched uranium fuel .
India 's Arihant ( 6000 dwt ) SSBN has an 82.5 MWe PWR using 40 % enriched uranium driving one or two 35 MW steam turbines and delivering about 12 MW shaft power .
It has 13 fuel assemblies each with 348 fuel rods , and was built indigenously .
The reactor went critical in August 2013 .
A 20 MW prototype unit had operated for several years from 2003 .
Further vessels in the class are expected to have a 100 MWt PWR reactor .
Brazil 's navy was proposing to build an 11 MWt prototype PWR by 2014 to operate for about eight years , with a view to a full - sized PWR version – 2131 - R of 48 MWt – using low - enriched uranium being in its 6000 tonne , 100 m long SNBR submarine to be launched by 2025 .
Apparently none of these plans have proceeded very far .
Argentina ’s Bariloche Atomic Centre is considering similar plans , for a TR - 1700 submarine with nuclear power .
UK nuclear submarine layout
Dismantling decommissioned nuclear - powered submarines has become a major task for US and Russian navies .
After defuelling , normal practice is to cut the reactor section from the vessel for disposal in shallow land burial as low - level waste ( the rest being recycled normally ) .
In Russia the whole vessels , or the sealed reactor sections , sometimes remain stored afloat indefinitely , though Western - funded programmes are addressing this and all decommissioned submarines were due to be dismantled by 2012 .
By 2015 , 195 out of 201 decommissioned Russian submarines had been dismantled , and the remainder as well as 14 support vessels were to be dismantled by 2020 .
Decommissioned British submarines are laid up , France has dismantled several of its retired submarines at Cherbourg .
For the USS Enterprise , after defuelling was completed in December 2016 , the eight reactor compartments and associated piping were removed and shipped to Hanford for burial with the submarine reactor compartments .
Marine reactors used for power supply , floating nuclear power plants
A marine reactor was used to supply power ( 1.5 MWe ) to a US Antarctic base for ten years to 1972 , testing the feasibility of such air - portable units for remote locations .
Between 1967 and 1976 an ex-army US Liberty ship of about 12,000 tonnes built in 1945 , the Sturgis ( originally Charles H. Cugle ) functioned as a floating nuclear power plant ( FNPP ) , designation MH - 1A , moored on Gatun Lake , Panama Canal Zone .
It had a 45 MWt / 10 MWe ( net ) single - loop PWR which used low - enriched uranium ( 4 - 7 % ) .
It used 541 kg of U - 235 over ten years and provided power to the Canal Zone for nine years at 54 % capacity factor .
The propulsion unit of the original ship was removed and the entire midsection replaced with a 350 t steel containment vessel and concrete collision barriers , making it about 2.5 m wider than the rest of the ship , now essentially a barge .
The containment vessel contained not only the reactor unit itself but the primary and secondary coolant circuits and electrical systems for the reactor .
In the 1970s Westinghouse in alliance with Newport News shipyard developed an Offshore Power Systems ( OPS ) concept , with series production envisaged at Jacksonville , Florida .
In 1972 two 1210 MWe units were ordered by utility PSEG for offshore Atlantic City or Brigantine , New Jersey , but the order was cancelled in 1978 .
By the time NRC approval was granted in 1982 for building up to eight plants , there were no customers and Westinghouse closed down its OPS division .
Westinghouse and Babcock & Wilcox are reported to be revisiting the concept .
Russia has built at St Petersburg the first of a series of floating power plants for its northern and far eastern territories .
Two OKBM KLT - 40S reactors derived from those in icebreakers , but with low - enriched fuel ( less than 20 % U - 235 ) , are mounted on a 21,500 tonne , 144 m long barge .
The refuelling interval is 3 - 4 years onsite , and at the end of a 12 - year operating cycle the whole plant is returned to a shipyard for a two - year overhaul and storage of used fuel , before being returned to service .
This first unit is designated as a floating power unit ( FPU ) to take in the cogeneration aspect supplying 210 GJ/h for desalination ( 40,000 to 240,000 m3/d capacity claimed ) .
See also information paper on Nuclear Power in Russia .
Second - generation Russian FNPPs will have two 175 MWt , 50 MWe RITM - 200 M reactor units , each about 1500 tonnes lighter but more powerful than the KLT - 40S , and thus on a smaller barge – about 12,000 rather than 21,000 tonnes displacement .
The mass of both reactor units is 2600 tonnes .
Refuelling will be every 10 - 12 years .
China has two projects for FNPPs .
In October 2015 the Nuclear Power Institute of China ( NPIC ) , a China National Nuclear Corporation ( CNNC ) subsidiary , signed an agreement with UK - based Lloyd 's Register to support the development of a floating nuclear power plant using CNNC ’s ACP100S reactor , a marine version of the multi-purpose ACP100 .
Its 310 MWt produces about 100 MWe , and it has 57 fuel assemblies 2.15 m tall and integral steam generators ( 287 °C ) , so that the whole steam supply system is produced and shipped as a single reactor module .
It has passive cooling for decay heat removal .
It has been subject to the IAEA Generic Reactor Safety Review process .
Following approval by the NDRC as part of the 13th Five - Year Plan for innovative energy technologies , CNNC had planned to start building its ACP100S demonstration floating nuclear plant in 2016 , for 2019 operation .
Lloyd 's Register will develop safety guidelines and regulations as well as nuclear standards consistent with offshore and international marine regulations .
China General Nuclear Power Group ( CGN ) announced in January 2016 that development of its ACPR50S reactor design has been approved by the NDRC as part of the 13th Five - Year Plan for innovative energy technologies .
Construction of the first demonstration FNPP started in November 2016 , with electricity generation to begin in 2020 .
CGN then signed an agreement with China National Offshore Oil Corporation ( CNOOC ) apparently to provide power for offshore oil and gas exploration and production , and to “ push forward the organic integration of the offshore oil industry and the nuclear power industry , ” according to CNOOC .
The ACPR50S is 200 MWt , 60 MWe with 37 fuel assemblies and two loops feeding four external steam generators .
Reactor pressure vessel is 7.4 m high and 2.5 m inside diameter , operating at 310°C .
Earlier , SNERDI in Shanghai was designing a CAP - FNPP reactor .
This was to be 200 MWt and relatively low - temperature ( 250 °C ) , so only about 40 MWe with two external steam generators and five - year refuelling .
This project has probably given way to the CNNC / NPIC one , though the reactor is similar to CGN ’s ACPR50S .
Future prospects
With increasing attention being given to greenhouse gas emissions arising from burning fossil fuels for international air and marine transport , particularly dirty bunker fuel for the latter , and the excellent safety record of nuclear powered ships , it is quite conceivable that renewed attention will be given to marine nuclear powered ships , it is likely that there will be renewed interest in marine nuclear propulsion .
The world 's merchant shipping is reported to have a total power capacity of 410 GWt , about one third that of world nuclear power plants .
In 2018 the International Maritime Organization ( IMO ) adopted the aim of reducing greenhouse gas emissions from shipping by 50 % by 2050 , compared with 2008 .
In 2017 global bunkering totalled 8.9 EJ , with 82 % being heavy fuel oil and the balance marine gas oil and diesel .
In 2018 the global shipping fleet had a capacity of 2 Gt and it transported 8.9
Gt of freight .
Russia ’s 61,900 tonne Sevmorput is the only nuclear - powered freighter in service
The head of the large Chinese shipping company Cosco suggested in December 2009 that container ships should be powered by nuclear reactors in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from shipping .
He said that Cosco was in talks with China 's nuclear authority to develop nuclear powered freight vessels .
However , in 2011 Cosco aborted the study after three years , following the Fukushima accident .
In 2010 Babcock International 's marine division completed a study on developing a nuclear - powered LNG tanker ( which requires considerable auxiliary power as well as propulsion ) .
The study indicated that particular routes and cargoes lent themselves well to the nuclear propulsion option , and that technological advances in reactor design and manufacture had made the option more appealing .
In November 2010 the British maritime classification society Lloyd 's Register embarked upon a two - year study with US - based Hyperion Power Generation ( now Gen4 Energy ) , British vessel designer BMT Group , and Greek ship operator Enterprises Shipping and Trading SA " to investigate the practical maritime applications for small modular reactors . "
The research was to produce a concept tanker - ship design , based on a 70 MWt reactor such as Hyperion's .
Hyperion ( Gen4 Energy ) had a three - year contract with the other parties in the consortium , which planned to have the tanker design certified in as many countries as possible .
The project included research on a comprehensive regulatory framework led by the International Maritime Organisation ( IMO ) , and supported by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) and regulators in countries involved .
In response to its members ' interest in nuclear propulsion , Lloyd 's Register has rewritten its ' rules ' for nuclear ships , which concern the integration of a reactor certified by a land - based regulator with the rest of the ship .
The overall rationale of the rule - making process assumes that in contrast to the current marine industry practice where the designer / builder typically demonstrates compliance with regulatory requirements , in the future the nuclear regulators will wish to ensure that it is the operator of the nuclear plant that demonstrates safety in operation , in addition to the safety through design and construction .
Nuclear ships are currently the responsibility of their own countries , but none are involved in international trade .
Lloyd 's Register said it expected to " see nuclear ships on specific trade routes sooner than many people currently anticipate . "
In 2014 two papers on commercial nuclear marine propulsion were published * arising from this international industry project led by Lloyd 's Register .
They review past and recent work in the area of marine nuclear propulsion and describe a preliminary concept design study for a 155,000 dwt Suezmax tanker that is based on a conventional hull form with alternative arrangements for accommodating a 70 MWt nuclear propulsion plant delivering up to 23.5 MW shaft power at maximum continuous rating ( average : 9.75 MW ) .
The Gen4Energy power module is considered .
This is a small fast - neutron reactor using lead - bismuth eutectic cooling and able to operate for ten full - power years before refueling , and in service last for a 25 - year operational life of the vessel .
They conclude that the concept is feasible , but further maturity of nuclear technology and the development and harmonisation of the regulatory framework would be necessary before the concept would be viable .
The UN's IMO adopted a code of safety for nuclear merchant ships , Resolution A.491 ( XII ) , in 1981 , which is still extant and could be updated .
Also Lloyd 's Register has maintained a set of provisional rules for nuclear - propelled merchant ships , which it has recently revised .
Apart from naval use , where frequency of refueling is a major consideration , nuclear power seems most immediately promising for the following :
Large bulk carriers that go back and forth constantly on few routes between dedicated ports – eg China to South America and NW Australia .
They could be powered by a reactor delivering 100 MW thrust .
Cruise liners , which have demand curves like a small town .
A 70 MWe unit could give base - load and charge batteries , with a smaller diesel unit supplying the peaks .
( The largest afloat today – Oasis class , with 100,000 t displacement – has about 60 MW shaft power derived from almost 100 MW total power plant . )
Nuclear tugs , to take conventional ships across oceans .
Some kinds of bulk shipping , where speed may be essential .
Notes & references
General sources
Jane 's Fighting Ships , 1999 - 2000 edition
J Simpson 1995 , Nuclear Power from Underseas to Outer Space , American Nuclear Society
The Safety of Nuclear Powered Ships , 1992 Report of NZ Special Committee on Nuclear Propulsion
Rawool - Sullivan et al 2002 , Technical and proliferation - related aspects of the dismantlement of Russian Alfa- class submarines , Nonproliferation Review , Spring 2002
Honerlah , H.B. & Hearty , B.P. , 2002 , Characterisation of the nuclear barge Sturgis , WM ’ 02 conf , Tucson
C. Thompson , Recovering the Kursk , Nuclear Engineering International ( December 2003 )
Mitenkov F.M. et al 2003 , Prospects for using nuclear power systems in commercial ships in Northern Russia , Atomic Energy 94 , 4
Hirdaris S.E et al , 2014 , Considerations on the potential use of Nuclear Small Modular Reactor ( SMR ) technology for merchant marine propulsion , Ocean Engineering 79 , 101- 130
Hirdaris S.E et al , 2014 , Concept design for a Suezmax tanker powered by a 70 MW small modular reactor , Trans RINA 156 , A1 , Intl J Maritime Eng , Jan-Mar 2014
Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program , Office of Naval Reactors , Occupational Radiation Exposure From Naval Reactors ’ Department of Energy Facilities , Report NT - 14 - 3 , May 2014
Rosatom 2013 Annual Report
US Navy propulsion systems
Ford class aircraft carriers
Naval Aviation Enterprise Air Plan Newsletter 33 , Nov 2013
Ole Reistad & Povl Ølgaard , Russian Nuclear Power Plants for Marine Applications , NKS ( Nordic Nuclear Safety Research ) , April 2006
Vladimir Artisiuk , Rosatom Technical Academy ( Rosatom Tech ) , SMR Technology Development in Russia and Capacity Building Supports for Embarking Countries , presented at the IAEA Technical Meeting on Technology Assessment of Small Modular Reactors for Near Term Deployment held on 2 - 5 October 2017 in Tunis , Tunisia
Viktor Merkulov , Analysis of advanced nuclear technologies applicable in the Russian Arctic , IOP Conference Series : Earth and Environmental Science , Volume 180 , conference 1 , 012020 ( August 2018 )
Joint Stock Company ' Afrikantov OKB Mechanical Engineering ' , RITM brochure ( 2018 )
Peter Lobner , 60 Years of Marine Nuclear Power : 1955 - 2015 , Part 4 : Other Nuclear Marine Nations ( August 2015 )
Just a quick post to warn Playstation 3 owners to wait a bit before updating their console to the latest firmware .
It seems that quite a few users on the official Playstation forum are reporting that the new 2.4 firmware bricked their unit .
On some cases , people are writing that the SIXAXIS controller refused to sync after the update , and on others , the PS3 stopped sending video and audio signal to the attached display .
Has anyone updated yet , and if so , is your PS3 still in working condition ?
Edit : I ’ve received 2 emails in the past few hours telling me that I was , and I quote : “ A moron only looking for web hits ” .
If you guys need further proof that this is a REAL issue , you only have to look at this page on the PS3 official support site .
UPDATE : 7/2/2008 , the PLAYSTATION 3 system software version 2.40 has been temporarily taken offline and will not be available for download as our engineers examine any possible issues with this update .
The Knowledge Center will be updated with information as it becomes available ; please check back here for further details .
Senator Jesse Helms , member of the US Senate 's foreign relations committee for two decades and its chairman from 1995 to 2001 , has died at the age of 86 .
To echo this newspaper 's memorable comment on the death of William Randolph Hearst , it is hard even now to think of him with charity .
From his earliest years , Helms 's attitudes recalled those of an earlier southern bigot , Theodore Bilbo of Mississippi , who so outraged his Senate colleagues , that they eventually refused even to let him take his seat .
There was never a comparable risk for Helms , who maintained an old - world courtesy in his personal contacts .
But that was only on the surface .
He became one of the most powerful and baleful influences on American foreign policy , repeatedly preventing his country paying its UN contributions , voting against virtually all arms control measures , opposing international aid programmes as " pouring money down foreign rat holes " , and avidly supporting military juntas in Latin America and minority white regimes in Southern Africa .
In domestic politics he denounced the 1964 Civil Rights Act as " the single most dangerous piece of legislation ever introduced in the Congress " , voted against a supreme court justice because she was " likely to uphold the homosexual agenda " , acted for years as spokesman for the large tobacco companies , was reprimanded by the justice department and the federal election commission for electoral malpractice , and compiled a dismal personal record as a slum landlord .
The irony was that he was often seen as a relative moderate in his home state of North Carolina .
His views sprang directly from his background as the son of the police chief in the small town of Monroe .
Even before the Depression , life there was a constant struggle .
It produced generations of deeply conservative poor whites , steeped in jingoistic patriotism and fundamentalist religion , who regarded the surrounding black population as barely part of the human race .
Helms was educated at local schools and had just enrolled for a college course when America entered the second world war .
In 1942 , he joined the navy , to be given a role which inadvertently established his postwar career .
As a recruiting officer , he had to make regular patriotic appeals on local radio .
They brought him sufficient recognition after the war to abandon his college studies for journalism , initially as news editor of the Raleigh Times and later as director of news and programmes for the principal local radio network .
In 1960 , he was given an extraordinary boost when the owner of the main local television station appointed him one of the new medium 's first editorial commentators .
For 12 years ,
Helms appeared nightly at peak viewing time to denounce the civil rights struggle , trade unions , the UN , Lyndon Johnson 's war on poverty , hippies , and any other social or political development rejected by the extreme right .
His commentaries were repeated by 70 southern radio stations and , as they became increasingly popular , reprinted in 200 newspapers across America .
In a climate well to the right of mainstream politics in Europe , Helms became extraordinarily influential among those Americans Richard Nixon dubbed the silent majority .
At the same time he built up a solid political network in North Carolina , working for several conservative senators , serving on Raleigh town council , running the state 's bankers ' association , and joining the Masons , their associates the Shriners , and the Rotarians .
By the time the Republican Richard Nixon moved into the White House in 1969 , Helms 's political ambitions had been focused .
In 1972 , in a state that had voted solidly Democratic since the civil war , he stood for the Senate as a Republican .
In a bitter campaign against a middle - of - the - road opponent , Helms won by 8 % .
It was a signal of the South 's seismic political shift after years of Democratic desegregation .
It also made Helms the first North Carolina Republican to sit in the US senate for nearly 80 years .
His initial ambition was to secure his place on the agriculture committee , where he could push the interests of the powerful tobacco lobby for which he had worked for years .
But , in a move which proved a stroke of near - genius at a time when direct - mail was in its infancy , he and two close associates organised a postal campaign for a body they named " the National Congressional Club " .
The repeated arrival of impressive - looking letters signed by Helms and denouncing school busing , funding for the arts , compensation for Japanese - Americans , the Red menace , and umpteen other liberal causes , sparked a stunning national response .
His allegations were often mind - numbingly bizarre .
" Your tax dollars are being used , " he claimed in one letter , " to pay for grade school classes that teach our children that cannibalism , wife - swapping , and the murder of infants and the elderly are acceptable behaviour . "
But his rhetoric convinced millions of Americans and , invited to save the nation by donating a dollar , they did just that .
A river of cash poured into the club .
What happened to it all remained a constant mystery and , as the rules on election finances were slowly tightened , the club 's accounts grew ever fuzzier .
Some cash certainly went to the Coalition of Freedom , which had Helms as its honorary chairman until federal tax authorities began investigating its illegal campaign activities .
More than $ 800,000 went to a firm called Jefferson Marketing .
Then the election commission established that this company was inseparable from the club , making its electoral operations unlawful .
Less traceable were donations to other conservative groups and to fundamentalist religious figures like Jerry Falwell .
What is beyond question is the malign impact of Helms 's innovation on all subsequent American politics .
He inaugurated the age of massive back - door political donations , now euphemistically known as " soft money " .
In his own 1984 re-election battle , he spent $ 16.5 m , then the most expensive Senate campaign in American history ( and the federal election commission twice penalised him for using illegal contributions ) .
Sixteen years later , a New Jersey candidate would lavish $ 60 m on gaining a Senate seat , making it evident how effectively Helms 's initiative had opened political office to the highest bidder .
It had also bankrolled the rise of the religious right and its effective takeover of the Republican party .
That in turn polarised the entire American electorate , as the results in 2000 so dramatically demonstrated .
With Helms 's agenda moving into the political mainstream — opposition to abortion , gun control , foreign entanglements , multicultralism , social welfare , educational reform and a host of other liberal policies — millions of voters dropped out and the rest divided evenly into mutually hostile camps .
For all his political posturing , however , Helms repeatedly showed himself inept at the tedious business of shepherding legislation through Congress .
The Senate 's tradition of choosing committee chairmen by seniority eventually brought him to head the agriculture committee ( 1981 - 87 ) .
It should have been an enviable chance to promote North Carolina 's farming and tobacco interests , which employ half its people .
Yet the state , ranked eleventh by population , had one of the nation 's highest poverty rates and lowest levels of federal funding .
Helms contributed his share to this misery with his ownership of rented houses in poor black districts of Raleigh .
Some tenants reported that his properties had been without adequate heating for 30 years .
The city 's building inspectors repeatedly issued summonses against Helms to remedy a wide range of dilapidations , from rotting floors to leaking pipes .
Helms 's principal skill , in fact , was obstruction , which he employed ruthlessly once he assumed chairmanship of the foreign relations committee in 1995 , having been a member since 1981 .
The Senate 's arcane rule book offers virtually uncontrollable power to committee chairmen to determine their own agenda .
In a private war with the state department , Helms refused to hold confirmation hearings for 18 new ambassadors , or to debate such key issues for the Clinton administration as the chemical weapons or strategic arms treaties .
He cut the state department 's funds by $ 1,700 m until the administration finally agreed to his reorganization proposals , abolishing the arms control and information services and placing new restrictions on the US aid agency .
In 1996 , he caused an international furore by joining forces with Congressman Dan Burton of Indiana to push through the Helms - Burton Act , extending American jurisdiction to international companies trading with Cuba .
But continued Republican control of the Senate meant that Helms could not be ignored .
He established a Jesse Helms Centre in his home town of Wingate , at which American and foreign dignitaries could pay homage .
Those unable to attend in person could demonstrate their goodwill in cash : Taiwan donated $ 225,000 , Kuwait $ 100,000 , and various tobacco companies more than $ 1 m .
Former president Jimmy Carter , secretary of state Madeleine Albright , Dr Henry Kissinger , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , and other key public figures all turned up .
Eventually even the UN secretary general , Kofi Annan , heeded the call : in the aftermath of his visit , the foreign relations committee suddenly released America 's long - outstanding payments to the UN .
In later years , Helms suffered from increasingly poor health .
He contracted prostate cancer and a bone disorder , Paget 's disease , which obliged him to travel round the Senate building on a scooter .
He also underwent a quadruple heart bypass .
Helms finally lost his chairmanship of the foreign relations committee when the moderate Vermont Republican Senator James Jeffords , lost patience with the Bush administration in May 2001 .
His defection to the Democrats secured their control of the Senate and of all its legislative committees .
This sudden loss of power , allied to his failing health , at last convinced Helms that it was time to give up .
In August that year , he announced he would not run again when his term expired in 2002 .
Though there was dismay in North Carolina , his decision was greeted with relief by most of the country .
The New York Times observed : " Few senators in the modern era have done more to resist the tide of progress , " and Robert Pastor , whose ambassadorship to Panama was scuppered by Helms in 1995 , commented that , " nothing Jesse Helms did in his entire career will enhance America 's national security more than his retirement . "
He is survived by his wife Dorothy , two daughters and a son .
 Jesse Helms , politician , born October 18 1921 ; died July 4 2008
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Following his declaration last week of a drought in California , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger proclaimed on Thursday a state of emergency in nine counties in the state ’s farm - rich Central Valley .
“ Just last week , I said we would announce regional emergencies wherever the state ’s drought situation warrants them , and in the Central Valley an emergency proclamation is necessary to protect our economy and way of life , ” the Republican governor said in a statement .
“ Central Valley agriculture is a $ 20 billion a year industry .
If we do n’t get them water immediately the results will be devastating , ” he added .
“ Food prices , which are already stretching many family budgets , will continue to climb and workers will lose their jobs -- everyone ’s livelihood will be impacted in some way . ”
His declaration covers Sacramento , San Joaquin , Stanislaus , Merced , Madera , Fresno , Kings , Tulare and Kern counties and directs California ’s Department of Water Resources to work with the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation to deliver more water through the State Water Project to where it is most needed .
The Department of Water Resources also is directed to transfer groundwater , tested for public safety , through the California Aqueduct to farmers and for the State Water Resources Control Board to review transfers as quickly as possible .
California has had two years of below - average rainfall and its water woes are being compounded by a federal court order to limit water pumping from the San Joaquin - Sacramento River Delta , the state ’s fresh - water hub , to protect a fish species .
Even before Schwarzenegger ’s drought declaration , many California water districts had imposed restrictions on water use and many farmers had prepared fields and orchards for reduced water allocations .
The city of Long Beach in Southern California , the city of Roseville in Northern California and the East Bay Municipal Utility District , which serves 1.3 million people in the San Francisco Bay area , have ordered water rationing .
The Metropolitan Water District of Southern California , which supplies water for 26 cities and water agencies serving 18 million people in six southern counties , has declared a water supply alert to sustain their reserves .
State officials are aiming for reduced water use locally and regionally through this year in anticipation of lower water supplies next year .
Schwarzenegger , as he did last week , called for lawmakers to back a “ comprehensive solution ” to the state ’s water woes by expanding water infrastructure , specifically public works to capture excess water in wet years to store for dry years .
Schwarzenegger has urged an $ 11.9 billion bond to finance water projects .
Lawmakers are negotiating plans for $ 9.5 billion to $ 12 billion in debt for new water infrastructure , but Democrats who control the legislature and its Republican minority are at odds over the need for new dams .
By John Bellamy Foster
The rise in overt militarism and imperialism at the outset of the twenty - first century can plausibly be attributed largely to attempts by the dominant interests of the world economy to gain control over diminishing world oil supplies .
[ 1 ]
Beginning in 1998 a series of strategic energy initiatives were launched in national security circles in the United States in response to : ( 1 ) the crossing of the 50 percent threshold in U.S. importation of foreign oil ; ( 2 ) the disappearance of spare world oil production capacity ; ( 3 ) concentration of an increasing percentage of all remaining conventional oil resources in the Persian Gulf ; and ( 4 ) looming fears of peak oil .
The response of the vested interests to this world oil supply crisis was to construct what Michael Klare in Blood and Oil has called a global " strategy of maximum extraction . "
[ 2 ]
This required that the United States as the hegemonic power , with the backing of the other leading capitalist states , seek to extend its control over world oil reserves with the object of boosting production .
Seen in this light , the invasion and occupation of Afghanistan ( the geopolitical doorway to Western access to Caspian Sea Basin oil and natural gas ) following the 9/11 attacks , the 2003 invasion of Iraq , the rapid expansion of U.S. military activities in the Gulf of Guinea in Africa ( where Washington sees itself as in competition with Beijing ) , and the increased threats now directed at Iran and Venezuela - all signal the rise of a dangerous new era of energy imperialism .
The Geopolitics of Oil
In April 1998 the United States for the first time imported the majority of the petroleum it consumed .
The crossing of this threshold pointed to a very rapid growth in U.S. foreign oil dependency .
At the same time fears that the world would soon reach peak oil production became increasingly prominent , assuming a high profile behind the scenes in establishment discussions .
A key event was the publication in Scientific American in March 1998 of " The End of Cheap Oil " by retired oil industry geologists Colin J. Campbell and Jean H. Laherrí¨re .
" The End of Cheap Oil " predicted that world oil production would peak " probably within 10 years . "
The Campbell and Laherrí¨re article and the question of peak oil immediately drew the attention of the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , the OECD 's energy organization , in its World Energy Outlook of 1998 .
The IEA claimed that even adopting the pessimists ' assumptions on the real extent of world oil reserves and the existence of a bell - shaped production curve ( but without the sharp oil price hike suggested by Campbell ) , its own long - term supply model " would not peak until around 2008 - 2009 . "
Employing the IEA 's own assumptions on reserves , moreover , would push the peak back around a decade further . [ 3 ]
This , however , was still far from distant .
The peaking of United Kingdom North Sea oil production in 1999 ( Norwegian production peaked two years later ) added a still greater sense of urgency .
Matthew Simmons , CEO of the Houston - based energy investmentbanking firm Simmons and Company International and a member of the National Petroleum Council and the Council on Foreign Relations , published an article in Middle East Insight in 1999 in which he emphasized the " far faster " depletion of major oil fields arising from high - extraction technology .
Rather than extending the life of oil fields as previously supposed , the introduction of this technology most likely accelerated their depletion .
Referring to oil fields " brought into production since 1970 , " Simmons noted that " almost all of these new fields have already reached peak production and are now experiencing rapid rates of decline .
fAnd when the stable base of old , but giant , fields also starts to deplete , " he asked , " what will this do to the world 's average depletion rate ? " [ 4 ]
In 2000 Simmons 's concerns regarding diminishing oil supply led to his becoming an energy advisor for George W. Bush 's presidential campaign .
As he recounted it in a February 2008 interview , he had " pulled aside " Bush 's " first cousin " in early March 2000 to tell him of an earlier conversation he had had with an assistant to Secretary of Energy Bill Richardson , who had been sent to examine the spare oil production capacity of the OPEC countries .
As Simmons reported to Bush 's cousin :
I said , " When you have someone who is the head of U.S. oil policy call you and [ say ' shit ! ' ] about five times in 20 seconds , this is so much worse than what they 've warned us about . "
I said , " Between now and the election , if this all breaks out and Bush is misinformed , he can mispronounce every head of state in the world , but this , this will sink you . "
And that dragged me into helping create the comprehensive energy plan put forth by Bush when he was running . [ 5 ]
Simmons was a member of the Bush - Cheney Energy Transition Advisory Committee , advising on the growing oil constraints .
His 2005 book , Twilight in the Desert : The Coming Saudi Oil Shock and the World Economy , arguing that the Saudi oil production peak was imminent , has become one of the most influential works propounding the peak oil notion . [ 6 ]
The Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) of the U.S. Department of Energy conducted a full assessment of the peak oil issue as early as July 2000 , considering a number of scenarios .
As opposed to those who saw the peak occurring " as early as 2004 " the EIA concluded that " world conventional oil production may increase two decades or more before it begins to decline . "
The analysis itself , however , was not altogether reassuring to the vested interests , since it suggested that a world oil peak could be reached as early as 2021 . [ 7 ]
These concerns with regard to world oil supply that began to penetrate the corridors of power in the 1998 - 2001 period led to a wide - ranging debate within the inner circles in the United States about the nature of the oil extraction problem and the strategic means with which to alleviate it .
This was increasingly integrated with wider issues on the expansion of the U.S. empire raised by groups such as the Project for a New American Century . [ 8 ]
In July 1998 the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) launched its " Strategic Energy Initiative , " at the urging of former chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee Sam Nunn and former secretary of defense ( and former secretary of energy ) James R. Schlesinger .
In November 2000 , the Strategic Energy Initiative issued a three volume report , The Geopolitics of Energy into the 21st Century , with Nunn and Schlesinger as cochairs .
It stressed that the Persian Gulf would have to expand its energy production " by almost 80 percent during 2000 - 2020 " in the face of rising demand and declining oil production elsewhere in the world in order to meet world energy needs .
The question of a world oil peak in the decade 2000 - 10 was also examined , focusing on the arguments of Campbell and Laherrí¨re and Simmons .
The CSIS Strategic Energy Initiative officially rejected the notion that the world oil peak would be reached as early as 2010 .
Nevertheless , its report took the peak oil issue extremely seriously .
As the " only superpower " the United States , it declared , had " special responsibilities for preserving worldwide energy supply " and " open access " to the world 's oil .
Underscored throughout the report was the necessity of finding ways to increase oil exports from Iraq and Iran both then under U.S. economic sanctions . [ 9 ]
In 2001 the James Baker III Institute for Public Policy of Rice University and the Council on Foreign Relations cosponsored a study of Strategic Energy Policy Challenges for the 21st Century , chaired by energy analyst Edward L. Morse .
Task force members included both oil optimists , such as Morse and Daniel Yergin of Cambridge Energy Research Associates , and oil pessimists such as peak oil proponent Simmons .
The Baker Institute / Council on Foreign Relations report emphasized the adequacy of world oil reserves for decades to come but argued that world oil was facing " tight supply " due to " underinvestment " in new production capacity and " volatile states . "
Excess capacity had been " wiped out , " falling to " negligible " amounts , partly due to oil producing countries devoting oil revenues to social projects rather than to investment in new production capacity .
In this situation , the Baker Institute / Council on Foreign Relations report pointed out that Iraq had emerged as a key " swing producer " of oil , operating well below capacity , and in the previous year " turning its taps on and off when it has felt such action was in its strategic interests to do so . "
This presented a growing danger to the world capitalist economy , which included the " possibility that Saddam Hussein may remove Iraqi oil from the market for an extended period . "
Indeed , " Iraqi reserves , " the Strategic Energy Policy report emphasized , " represent a major asset that can quickly add capacity to world oil markets and inject a more competitive tenor to oil trade . "
Investment in the enhancement of Iraqi oil production capacity was essential .
The problem was what to do about Saddam Hussein .
Overall , the Baker Institute / Council on Foreign Relationsreport emphasized , the stakes were exceedingly high , since there was a danger that oil price increases and supply shortages would make " the United States appear more similar to a poor developing country . "
The answer was for the Western powers led by the United States to play a more direct role in the development of world oil resources .
This would be coupled with replacement of the current political economy of oil dominated by national oil companies , which had arisen with the growth of " resource nationalism " in the third world , with one in which the multinational oil corporations centered in the advanced capitalist economies once again took charge of reserves and investments . [ 10 ]
These reports by national security analysts on strategic energy policy were followed in May 2001 by the White House release of its National Energy Policy , issued under the direction of Vice President Dick Cheney .
It too emphasized the need for U.S. petroleum security , noting that total U.S. oil production had fallen 39 percent below its 1970 peak and that U.S. reliance on foreign oil imports could increase to almost two - thirds of its total gasoline and heating oil consumption by 2020 .
President Bush warned in May 2001 that dependence on foreign crude oil put U.S. " national energy security " in the hands of " foreign nations , some of whom do not share our interests . "
In terms of the long - term world oil supply outlook , the U.S. Department of Energy 's International Energy Outlook in 2001 projected the need for a doubling of Persian Gulf oil production over 1999 levels by 2020 in order to meet expected world demand .
This optimistic forecast could not possibly be fulfilled , however , without massive investment in an expansion of capacity in the Persian Gulf of a kind that key states , such as Iraq and Iran , and even Saudi Arabia , seemed unlikely to undertake .
Iraqi crude oil production in 2001 was 31 percent less than in 1979 , while Iran 's had fallen by about 37 percent since 1976 .
Both nations were viewed as underproducing due to underinvestment and the effects of sanctions .
The IEA estimated that Persian Gulf states would have to invest over half a trillion dollars on new equipment and technology for oil production capacity expansion by 2030 in order to meet projected oil production levels . [ 11 ]
U.S. national security and energy analysts as well as energy corporations and the Bush administration had thus arrived at the conclusion by spring 2001 that , while substantial oil reserves still existed , capacity was extremely tight , presaging a series of oil price shocks .
Only a vast increase of oil production in the Persian Gulf as a whole could prevent an enormous gap emerging between oil production and demand over the next two decades .
Behind all of this lay the specter of peak oil production .
Rather than try to solve the problem on the demand side by lessening consumption , the Bush administration turned , as had all other administrations before it , to the military as the ultimate guarantor .
As Michael Klare wrote in his Blood and Oil :
In the months before and after 9/11 , the Bush administration fashioned a comprehensive strategy for American domination of the Persian Gulf and the procurement of ever - increasing quantities of petroleum .
It is unlikely that this strategy was ever formalized in a single , all - encompassing White House document .
Rather , the administration adopted a series of policies that together formed a blueprint for political , economic , and military action in the Gulf .
This approach - I call it the strategy of maximum extraction - was aimed primarily at boosting the oil output of the major Gulf producers .
But since the sought - after increases could be doomed by instability and conflict in the region , the strategy also entailed increased military intervention . [ 12 ]
Militarily the issue was one of shoring up Saudi Arabia in the face of growing signs of instability , carrying out regime change in Iraq , and exerting maximum pressure on Iran .
Key figures in the Bush administration such as Donald Rumsfeld and Paul Wolfowitz had been pushing for an invasion of Iraq even before the election .
Once the September 2001 attacks occurred , the " War on Terrorism " led to the invasion first of Afghanistan , giving the United States a geopolitical doorway ( and pipeline route ) to Central Asia and the Caspian Sea Basin , followed by the invasion in 2003 of Iraq .
From the standpoint of the geopolitics of oil , Saddam Hussein 's removal and the occupation of Iraq was seen as enhancing the security of Middle East oil , presenting the possibility of a big boost in Iraqi oil production , and providing a staging ground for increased U.S. military , political , and economic dominance of the Gulf .
U.S. strategic control of the Middle East and its oil was viewed as the key to establishing the basis of a " new American century . "
As former Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan , the top U.S. economic official throughout this period , stated in his book The Age of Turbulence in 2007 : " I am saddened that it is politically inconvenient to acknowledge what everyone knows : that the Iraq war is largely about oil . "
The U.S. invasion of Iraq , Greenspan claimed , needed to be seen against the background of previous Western military interventions aimed at securing the oil of the region , for example : " the reaction , to and reversal of , Mossadeq 's nationalization of Anglo - Iranian oil in 1951 [ resulting in the CIA 's overthrow of Iranian Prime Minister Mossadeq and the installation of the Shah in 1953 ] and the aborted effort by Britain and France to reverse Nasser 's takeover of the key Suez Canal link for oil flows to Europe in 1956 . "
The U.S. intervention in Iraq and its increased military role in the Middle East was , for Greenspan - the leading spokesperson for financial capital in the 1990s and early 2000s - justified by the fact that " world growth over the next quarter century at rates commensurate with the past quarter century will require between one - fourth and two - fifths more oil than we use today . "
And this vast increase in oil production needed to come largely from the Persian Gulf , where two - thirds of the world 's reserves and hence most of its capacity for increased extraction was located . [ 13 ]
Although the Bush administration criticized Greenspan 's statement , the centrality of oil in the occupation of Iraq was not something that it could easily deny .
In a September 13 , 2007 , prime time television speech , Bush declared that if the United States were to pull out of Iraq " extremists could control a key part of the global energy supply . " [ 14 ]
Peak Oil : A Global Turning Point ?
In the five years that have elapsed since the United States invaded Iraq the world oil supply problem has drastically worsened .
Estimates of the potential for increased Iraqi oil production made prior to the war had suggested that Iraq free of sanctions could potentially increase its crude oil production within a decade from its previous 1979 high of 3.5 million barrels a day ( mb/d ) to 6 or even 10 mb/d . [ 15 ]
Instead , Iraq 's average annual oil production in 2007 had fallen to 13 percent below its 2001 level , having declined from 2.4 to 2.1 mb/d .
Oil production in the Persian Gulf as a whole increased by 2.4 mb/d on average between 2001 and 2005 and then dropped by 4 percent in 2005 - 07 , along with the stagnation of world oil production as a whole . [ 16 ]
At the time U.S. troops reached Baghdad peak oil was already a specter looming over the globe .
Today it is present in all establishment discussions of the world oil issue .
Peak oil is not the same as running out of oil .
Rather it simply means the peaking and subsequent terminal decline of oil production , as determined primarily by geological and technological factors .
The extraction of oil from any given oil well typically takes the form of a symmetrical , bell - shaped curve with extraction steadily rising , e.g. , by 2 percent a year , until a peak is reached when about half of the accessible oil has been extracted .
Since oil production for an entire country is simply a product of the aggregation of individual wells , national oil production can be expected to take the form of a bell - shaped curve as well .
Geologists have become adept at estimating the point at which a peak in national production will occur .
These methods were pioneered in the 1950s by oil geologist M. King Hubbert , who achieved fame for successfully predicting the U.S. oil peak in 1970 .
The eventual peak in oil production is therefore sometimes known as " Hubbert 's peak . "
Peak oil is generally viewed in terms of the peaking of conventional crude oil supplies on which the main estimates of oil reserves are based .
There are also unconventional sources of oil that can be produced at much greater cost and with a much lower energy returned on energy invested ( EROEI ) ratio .
These include heavy oil , petroleum derived from oil sand , and shale oil .
As the price of oil rises some of these sources become more exploitable , but also at much greater cost - monetarily and to the environment .
It is estimated that it takes an equivalent of two out of three barrels of oil produced to pay for the energy and other costs associated with extracting oil from the tar sands in Alberta .
It requires one billion cubic feet of natural gas to generate one million barrels of synthetic oil from oil sands .
Two tons of sand must be mined to get one barrel of oil .
Oil sand mining also requires vast quantities of water , producing two and a half gallons of toxic liquid waste for every barrel of oil extracted .
This liquid waste is stored in enormous and rapidly expanding " tailing ponds . "
The economic and environmental costs are thus prohibitive .
Peak oil therefore inevitably signals the end of cheap oil . [ 17 ]
A key part of the argument on peak oil is the fact that discoveries of oil fields worldwide peaked in the 1960s , while the average size of new discoveries has also declined over time .
Those who argue that peak oil is imminent insist that estimates of proven reserves are commonly exaggerated for political reasons , and that actual retrievable reserves may be considerably less .
The conventional notion that there are forty years of crude oil production remaining at current rates of output is seen as misleading , since it exaggerates the reserves in the ground and downplays the fact that the economy requires that oil demand and production levels increase .
Peak oil analysts therefore focus on production levels rather than reserves .
The peak oil crisis is more sharply defined than the more general crisis in energy , since not only is petroleum the most protean fuel , but it is also the preeminent liquid fuel in transportation , for which there is no easy substitute in the quantities needed .
Therefore more than two - thirds of U.S. oil demand is in the form of gasoline and petrodiesel consumption by cars and trucks .
An imminent peak in conventional oil thus strikes at the lifeblood of the existing capitalist economy .
It presents the possibility of a drastic economic dislocation and slowdown . [ 18 ]
The peak oil debate , which has often been fierce over the past decade , has now narrowed down to two basic positions .
One of these is that of " early peakers " ( usually seen as peak oil proponents proper ) .
These analysts argue that peak oil will probably be reached by 2010 - 12 , and may have already been reached in 2005 - 06 .
The alternative position , represented by " late peakers , " is that the world oil peak will not be reached until 2020 or 2030 . [ 19 ]
Hence , there is a growing consensus that peak oil is or will soon be a reality .
The chief question now is how soon , and whether it is already upon us .
An added consideration is whether world oil production will face a classic bell - shaped curve , culminating in a slender , rounded peak , to be followed quickly by a decline ( within what can be viewed as a symmetrical curve ) - or whether production will rise to a plateau and then stay there for a while , before declining .
In fact , world oil supply appears already to have reached a plateau over the last three years at the level of 85 mb/d .
This therefore has lent credence to the notion that this is the form the peak will initially take .
Chart 1 : World oil production and supply
Source : Energy Information Administration , U.S. Department of Energy , International Petroleum Monthly , April 2008 , http://www.eia.doe.gov/ipm/supply.html, tables 1.4d and 4.4 .
Chart 1 shows world oil production / supply from 1970 to 2007 .
" Oil " according to the IEA ( and the EIA , which has adopted an almost identical approach ) is defined to include " all liquid fuels and is accounted at the product level .
Sources include natural gas liquids and condensates , refinery processing gains , and the production of conventional and unconventional oil . "
Conventional or crude oil is readily processed oil " produced from underground hydrocarbon reservoirs by means of production wells . "
Unconventional oil is derived from other processes , such as liquefied natural gas , oil sands , oil shales , coal - to - liquid , biofuels , " and / or [ other fuel that ] ... needs additional processing to produce synthetic crude . " [ 20 ]
The lower line in chart 1 , labeled " crude oil production , " refers simply to production of conventional oil .
The higher line , labeled " world oil supply , " also includes unconventional sources plus net refinery processing gains ( losses ) .
The " crude oil production " line shows a very slight dip in 2005 - 07 , reflecting the fact that crude oil production fell from an average of 73.8 mb/d in 2005 to 73.3 mb/d in 2007 .
The " world oil supply " line , however , remains level at about 85 mb/d due to a compensating rise in unconventional sources over the same period , resulting in what appears to be a more definite plateau .
Explaining that a plateau is the most likely initial outcome at the world level , Richard Heinberg , a leading peak oil proponent , writes :
Why the plateau ?
Oil production is constrained by economic conditions ( in an economic downturn , demand for oil falls off ) , as well as by political events such as war and revolutions .
In addition , the shape of the production curve is modified by the increasing availability of unconventional petroleum sources ( including heavy oil , natural gas plant liquids , and tar sands ) , as well as new extraction technologies .
The combined effect of all of these factors is to cushion the peak and lengthen the decline curve . [ 21 ]
The notion that a partly geological - technical , partly political - economic , plateau is emerging has now become the dominant view in the industry .
In November 2007 the Wall Street Journal reported :
a growing number of oil - industry chieftains are endorsing an idea long deemed fringe :
The world is approaching a practical limit to the number of barrels of crude oil that can be pumped every day ....
The near adherents [ to the peak oil view ] - who range from senior Western oil - company executives to current and former officials of the major world exporting countries - do n't believe that the global oil tank is at the half - empty point .
But they share the belief that a global production ceiling is coming for other reasons : restricted access to oil fields , spiraling costs and increasingly complex oil - field geology .
This will create a production plateau , not a peak , they contend , with oil output remaining relatively constant rather than rising or falling .
The Wall Street Journal article referred to the estimates of Cambridge Energy Research Associates , asserting that the peak will not be reached until 2030 and that it will manifest itself at first as an " undulating plateau . "
But the Journal article also took seriously the views of Simmons , who pointed out that , due to declining production in old fields , an increased average daily oil production equivalent to ten times current Alaskan production was needed " just to stay even . "
Indeed , " at the furthest out , " he suggested , the crisis associated with the world peak in conventional oil production would be reached " in 2008 to 2012 . "
Echoing many of the same worries , some oil executives have raised the specter of an oil supply ceiling of 100 million barrels ( conventional and unconventional ) , with petroleum supply likely falling short of expected demand within a decade or less . [ 22 ]
Given the appearance of a world oil production plateau at present , and with oil supply seemingly stuck at the 85 mb/d level , it is not surprising that some analysts believe that peak oil has already been reached .
Thus Simmons and Texas oil billionaire T. Boone Pickens have both raised the question of whether the peak was reached in 2005 .
While the Energy Watch Group in Germany , which includes both scientists and members of the German parliament , contends that " world oil production ... peaked in 2006 . " [ 23 ]
Publicly of course the peak oil problem has often been characterized by establishment sources and the media as a " fringe issue . "
Yet over the past decade the question has been pursued systematically with increasing concern within the highest echelons of capitalist society : within both states and corporations . [ 24 ]
In February 2005 the U.S. Department of Energy released a major report that it had commissioned entitled Peaking of World Oil Production : Impacts , Mitigation , and Risk Management .
The project leader was Robert L. Hirsch of Science Applications International Corporation .
Hirsch had formerly occupied executive positions in the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission , Exxon , and ARCO .
The Hirsch report concluded that peak oil was a little over two decades away or nearer .
" Even the most optimistic forecasts , " it stated , " suggest that world oil peaking will occur in less than 25 years . "
The main emphasis of the Hirsch report commissioned by the Department of Energy , however , was on the issue of the massive transformations that would be needed in the economy , and particularly transportation , in order to mitigate the harmful effects of the end of cheap oil .
The enormous problem of converting virtually the entire stock of U.S. cars , trucks , and aircraft in just a quarter - century ( at most ) was viewed as presenting intractable difficulties . [ 25 ]
In October 2005 , Hirsch wrote an analysis for Bulletin of the Atlantic Council of the United States on " The Inevitable Peaking of World Oil Production . "
He declared there that , " previous energy transitions ( wood to coal , coal to oil , etc. ) were gradual and evolutionary ; oil peaking will be abrupt and revolutionary .
The world has never faced a problem like this .
Without massive mitigation at least a decade before the fact , the problem will be pervasive and long lasting . " [ 26 ]
Similarly , the U.S. Army released a major report of its own in September 2005 stating :
The doubling of oil prices from 2003 - 2005 is not an anomaly , but a picture of the future .
Oil production is approaching its peak ; low growth in availability can be expected for the next 5 to 10 years .
As worldwide petroleum production peaks , geopolitics and market economics will cause even more significant price increases and security risks .
One can only speculate at the outcome from this scenario as world petroleum production declines . [ 27 ]
Indeed , by 2005 there was little doubt in ruling circles about the likelihood of serious oil shortages and that peak oil was on its way soon or sooner .
In its 2005 World Energy Outlook the IEA raised the issue of Simmons 's claims in Twilight in the Desert that Saudi Arabia 's super - giant Ghawar oil field , the largest in the world , " could , " in the IEA 's words , " be close to reaching its peak if it has not already done so . "
Likewise the U.S. Department of Energy , which had initially rejected Simmons 's assessment , backtracked between 2004 and 2006 , degrading its projection of Saudi oil production in 2025 by 33 percent . [ 28 ]
In February 2007 the U.S. Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) released a seventy - five - page report on Crude Oil pointedly subtitled : Uncertainty about Future Oil Supply Makes It Important to Develop a Strategy for Addressing a Peak and Decline in Oil Production .
It argued that almost all studies had shown that a world oil peak would occur sometime before 2040 and that U.S. federal agencies had not yet begun to address the issue of the national preparedness necessary to face this impending emergency .
For the GAO the threat of a major oil shortfall was worsened by the political risks primarily associated with four countries , accounting for almost one - third of world ( conventional ) reserves : Iran , Iraq , Nigeria , and Venezuela .
The fact that Venezuela contained " almost 90 percent of the world 's proven extra - heavy oil reserves " made it all the more noteworthy that it constituted a significant " political risk " from Washington 's standpoint . [ 29 ]
In April 2008 , Jeroen van der Ver , CEO of Royal Dutch Shell , pronounced that " we would n't be surprised if this [ easy ] oil would peak somewhere in the next ten years . "
Due to a combination of factors including production shortfalls and a declining dollar , oil in May 2008 reached over $ 135 a barrel ( it averaged $ 66 in 2006 and $ 72 in 2007 ) .
The same month Goldman Sachs shocked world capital markets by coming out with an assessment that oil prices could rise to as much as $ 200 a barrel in the next two years .
Western oil interests were particularly distressed that the first production from Kazakhstan 's Kashagan oil field ( considered the largest oil deposit in the world outside the Middle East ) was eight years behind schedule due in part to waters frozen half the year .
By May 2008 the IEA , according to analysts for the New York Times , was preparing to reduce its forecast of world oil production for 2030 from its earlier forecasts of 116 mb/d to no more than 100 mb/d. [ 30 ]
It was alarm about gasoline prices and national energy security ( and no doubt the specter of a world oil peak ) that induced the Bush administration in 2006 to take a more aggressive stance in promoting corn - based ethanol production as a fuel substitute .
In 2007 , 20 percent of U.S. corn production was devoted to ethanol to fuel automobiles .
The price of grain spiked worldwide partly as a result .
As environmentalist Lester R. Brown wrote in his Plan B 3.0 : " Suddenly the world is facing a moral and political issue that has no precedent :
Should we use grain to fuel cars or to feed people ?...
The market says , Let 's fuel the cars . " [ 31 ]
The New Energy Imperialism
The response in U.S. national security circles to the apparent oil production plateau , the disappearance of surplus oil production capacity , and growing fears of peak oil was swift .
In October 2005 the CSIS issued another report , this time on Changing Risks in Global Oil Supply and Demand , written by Anthony Cordesmam ( long - time national security analyst for the U.S. Department of Defense , now holder of Arleigh A. Burke Chair in Strategy at CSIS ) and Khalid R. Al - Rodhan ( a strategic analyst specializing in Gulf issues ) .
Cordesman and Al - Rodhan quoted the IEA 's prediction in its 2004 World Energy Outlook that global oil production would not " peak before 2030 if the necessary investments are made . "
Rather the immediate problem was " lagging investment " in the Middle East .
Still , peak oil issues were not to be entirely discounted .
Thus Cordesman and Al - Rodhan noted that , " Some analysts have questioned the [ Saudi ] Kingdom 's ability to meet sudden surges in demand because of its lack of spare production capacity , and others - like Matthew Simmons - have estimated that Saudi production may be moving towards a period of sustained decline . "
" Stability in petroleum exporting regions , " Cordesman and Al - Rodhan added , " is tenuous at best .
Algeria , Iran , and Iraq all present immediate security problems , but recent experience has shown that exporting countries in Africa , the Caspian Sea , and South America are no more stable than the Gulf .
There has been pipeline sabotage in Nigeria , labor strikes in Venezuela , alleged corruption in Russia , and civil unrest in Uzbekistan and other FSU [ Former Soviet Union ] states . " [ 32 ]
Even more central than the CSIS study was a 2006 Council on Foreign Relations report , chaired by former CIA Director John Deutch and Schlesinger , entitled , National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency .
The Deutch and Schlesinger report zeroed in on inadequate oil production capacity , with OPEC no longer having the surplus capacity with which to keep prices under control .
Production from existing conventional oil fields throughout the world was " declining , on average , about 5 percent per year ( roughly 4.3 million barrels per day ) , and thus even sustaining current levels of consumption " would be enormously difficult .
Moreover , " the depletion of conventional sources , especially those close to the major markets in the United States , Western Europe , and Asia , means that the production and transport of oil will become even more dependent on an infrastructure that is already vulnerable . "
Major energy suppliers like Russia , Iran , and Venezuela were using oil to pursue domestic and geopolitical goals , rather than reinvesting the oil proceeds .
Saudi Arabia , Iraq , Iran , and West Africa were all centers of instability .
China was trying to " lock up " oil supplies in Africa , the Caspian Sea , and elsewhere .
Although the Deutch and Schlesinger report discussed some demand - side measures to reduce U.S. consumption and oil dependency , it stressed expanding the role of the U.S. military in securing oil supplies .
Thus the report declared that " the United States should expect and support a strong military posture [ in the Persian Gulf in particular ] that permits suitably rapid deployment to the region , if required .
Any nation ( or subnational group ) that contemplates violence on any scale must take into account the possibility of U.S. preemption , intervention , or retaliation . " [ 33 ]
No less significant was an April 2007 " policy report " issued by the James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy on " The Changing Role of National Oil Companies in International Energy Markets .
" Emphasizing that national oil companies now controlled 77 percent of the world 's total reserves , whereas Western multinational oil companies controlled a mere 10 percent , it contended that this was the key issue in managing the current world oil supply problem .
" If the United States were able to wish into existence a world that would favor its terms of trade and superpower status , " the Baker Institute went so far as to declare ,
all NOCs [ national oil corporations ] would be privatized , foreign investors would be treated the same as local companies and OPEC would be disbanded , allowing free trade and competitive markets to deliver energy that is needed worldwide at prices determined solely by the market .
But it is hard to imagine why major oil producing countries would agree to that ....
In light of this reality , the United States will have to accept the existence of NOCs as a fact of life but should encourage steps to make their activities more businesslike , transparent and - to the extent possible - free of onerous government interference .
Above all the U.S. imperial objective should be to " break up " wherever possible " the monopoly power of oil producers " and their use of their oil resources to pursue national goals other than purely commercial ones .
The chief example of such state interference in oil production , the Baker Institute report stated , was Venezuela under the leadership of Hugo Chávez .
Not only had the Bolivarian Revolution prioritized " the government 's national development policy " and " social and cultural investment " over " commercial development strategy , " it had also used oil as an instrument of " foreign policy activism . "
This could be seen in its geopolitically motivated agreements with Bolivia , Ecuador , Nicaragua , and the Caribbean nations .
Another case of the geostrategic wielding of oil power was Iran , which had threatened that it " could block the vital oil transitway , the Strait of Hormuz , " if faced with a U.S. military attack .
One critical danger that the United States needed to guard against was a " hostile " alliance between major oil producing / consuming states , such as Russia , China , Iran , and the Central Asian states .
Another key consideration in the geopolitics of tough oil , the Baker Institute underscored , was the continuing political instability in Iraq .
Despite Washington 's attempts to stabilize that country , political unrest and war continued , preventing the oil exploration of Iraq 's Western desert . [ 34 ]
The tightening oil situation has prompted the rapid on the ground growth of U.S. energy imperialism , beyond the continuing Iraq and Afghan wars .
The security of Saudi Arabia remains an overriding focus .
Washington 's plans for a massive expansion of investment and production in Saudi Arabia , which according to the U.S. Department of Energy needs to double its oil output by 2030 , depends on the feudal kingdom remaining in place .
Meanwhile , there is rising social tension , emanating from the vastly unequal distribution of the country 's oil revenues .
Ninety percent of private sector jobs go to foreigners .
The sexes are entirely segregated .
The repressive structure of the society conceals massive popular resentment .
Any destabilization of the society would likely prompt U.S. military intervention .
As James Howard Kunstler has written in The Long Emergency , " a desperate superpower might feel it has no choice except to attempt to control the largest remaining oil fields on the planet at any cost " - particularly if faced by growing rivalry from other states . [ 35 ]
The United States has sought to counter the possibility of an energy alliance between Russia , China , Iran , and Central Asian oil states by expanding its military bases in Afghanistan and Central Asia , notably its Manas air base in Kyrgyzstan on the border of oil - rich Kazakhstan .
Threats of U.S. " preemptive " military intervention directed at Iran meanwhile have been continuous , based on its alleged attempts to acquire nuclear weapons through the aggressive pursuit of nuclear energy , and its " interference " in Iraq .
Iran 's pursuit of nuclear power , as a 2007 study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences has confirmed , is due to an oil export decline rate of 10 - 12 percent , arising from the growth of domestic energy demand plus a high rate of oil field depletion and a lack of investment growth in expanded capacity .
This led to Iran 's recent inability to meet its OPEC oil export quota .
The current trend points to the likelihood of Iranian petroleum exports falling to zero by 2014 - 15 .
From the standpoint of Western energy and national security analysts , Iran 's government and its national oil corporation have adopted the monopolistic policy of underinvesting in oil , deliberating slowing its production in expectation of continually rising prices , thereby holding back on the lifeblood of the world economy . [ 36 ]
During the last few years the U.S. military has dramatically increased its bases and operations in Africa , particularly in the Gulf of Guinea .
The United States expects to get 20 percent of its oil imports from Africa by 2010 , and 25 percent by 2015 .
The U.S. military set up a separate Africa Command in 2007 to govern all U.S. military operations in Africa ( outside Egypt ) .
Washington sees itself as in direct competition with Beijing over African oil - a competition that it perceives not simply in economic but also military - strategic terms . [ 37 ]
U.S. ruling interests also have increased their threats directed at Venezuela , Ecuador , Bolivia , and other Latin American states , accusing them of " resource nationalism " and presenting them as dangers to U.S. national security .
Washington has made one attempt after another to unseat Venezuela 's democratically elected president Hugo Chávez and to overthrow Venezuela 's Bolivarian Revolution , with the clear object of regime change .
This has included stepping up its massive military intervention in Colombia and backing the Colombian military and its intrusions into neighboring countries .
In 2006 the U.S. Southern Command conducted an internal study , declaring that Venezuela , Bolivia , Ecuador , and conceivably even Mexico ( which was then facing elections with a possible populist outcome ) offered serious dangers to U.S. energy security .
" Pending any favorable changes to the investment climate , " it declared , " the prospects for long - term energy production in Venezuela , Ecuador and Mexico are currently at risk . "
The military threat was obvious . [ 38 ]
All of this is in accord with the history of capitalism , and the response of declining hegemons to global forces largely outside their control .
The new energy imperialism of the United States is already leading to expanding wars , which could become truly global , as Washington attempts to safeguard the existing capitalist economy and to stave off its own hegemonic decline .
As Simmons has warned , " If we do n't create a solution to the enormous potential gap between our inherent demand for energy and the availability of energy we will have the nastiest and last war we 'll ever fight .
I mean a literal war . " [ 39 ]
In January 2008 Carlos Pascual , vice president of the Brookings Institution and former director of the Bush administration 's Office of Reconstruction and Stabilization , released an analysis of " The Geopolitics of Energy " that highlighted U.S. capitalism 's de facto dependence on oil production in " Saudi Arabia , Russia , Iran , Iraq , Venezuela , Nigeria , and Kazakhstan " - all posing major security threats .
" Due to commercial disputes , local instability , or ideology , Russia , Venezuela , Iran , Nigeria and Iraq are not investing in new long - term production capacity . "
This then was both an economic and a military problem for Washington . [ 40 ]
Especially disturbing in this new phase of energy imperialism is the lack of resistance from populations within central capitalist countries themselves .
Thus left - liberal publications in the wealthy nations often play on the prejudices of their readers ( who are buffeted by rising gasoline prices ) , encouraging them to support oil imperialism designed to safeguard Western capitalism .
David Litvin , writing on " Oil , Gas and Imperialism " in 2006 for the Guardian in London , claimed that " the inevitability of modern energy imperialism needs to be recognized . "
Threats from Russia , OPEC , Venezuela , and Bolivia were highlighted .
The United States invaded Iraq , we were told , partly for " oil security . "
Clearly sympathizing with that form of energy imperialism that " involves consumer states launching political or military " interventions " to secure supplies , " Litvin concluded : " Energy imperialism is here to stay , and efforts should [ therefore ] focus on making it a more benign force . " [ 41 ]
Likewise Joshua Kurlantzick , a contributing writer for Mother Jones , wrote a piece entitled " Put a Tyrant in Your Tank " for the May - June 2008 issue of that magazine which attributed oil supply problems to national oil companies , and argued - referring to the Baker Institute report on " The Changing Role of National Oil Companies " - that oil would be better safeguarded if placed in the hands of multinational oil companies as of old .
The latter , readers were told , " may cozy up to nasty regimes ... but they are at least obligated to respond to public criticism . "
Kurlantzick presented repeated criticisms of Hugo Chávez in Venezuela for his " resource nationalism , " going so far as to compare Venezuela to Burma and Russia , as " authoritarian and corrupt , " citing a study from the neoconservative , largely U.S. government - funded , Freedom House .
The Mother Jones article also gave credence to the 2006 internal study conducted by the Pentagon 's Southern Command , pinpointing the national security dangers to the United States of resource nationalism in Venezuela , Bolivia , and Ecuador .
Other petrostates that were subjected to sharp criticism were Iran , Russia , Kazakhstan , Nigeria , and Libya .
Chinese state oil corporations were targeted for their aggressiveness in pursuing oil around the world and for their lack of environmental concerns .
U.S. energy imperialism was thus seen as justified even by the putatively progressive Mother Jones - with hope and confidence being placed mainly in big oil and the Pentagon . [ 42 ]
Planetary Conflagration ?
The supreme irony of the peak oil crisis of course is that the world is rapidly proceeding down the path of climate change from the burning of fossil fuels , threatening within a matter of decades human civilization and life on the planet .
Unless carbon dioxide emissions from the consumption of such fuels are drastically reduced , a global catastrophe awaits .
For environmentalists peak oil is therefore not a tragedy in itself since the crucial challenge facing humanity at present is weaning the world from excessive dependence on fossil fuels .
The breaking of the solar energy budget that hydrocarbons allowed has generated a biospheric rift , which if not rapidly addressed will close off the future . [ 43 ]
Yet , heavy levels of fossil fuel , and particularly petroleum , consumption are built into the structure of the present world capitalist economy .
The immediate response of the system to the end of easy oil has been therefore to turn to a new energy imperialism - a strategy of maximum extraction by any means possible : with the object of placating what Rachel Carson once called " the gods of profit and production . " [ 44 ]
This , however , presents the threat of multiple global conflagrations : global warming , peak oil , rapidly rising world hunger ( resulting in part from growing biofuel production ) , and nuclear war - all in order to secure a system geared to growing inequality .
In the face of the immense perils now facing life on the planet , the world desperately needs to take a new direction ; toward communal well - being and global justice : a socialism for the planet .
The immense danger now facing the human species , it should be understood , is not due principally to the constraints of the natural environment , whether geological or climatic , but arises from a deranged social system wheeling out of control , and more specifically , U.S. imperialism .
This is the challenge of our time .
Notes
1. Influential mainstream political analyst ( and former Nixon White House strategist ) Kevin Philips has recently argued that oil in the Middle East and elsewhere has emerged as perhaps the single most important strategic ( non-monetary ) factor in " the Global Crisis of American Capitalism , " and is closely tied up with the world 's need to shift to a " new energy regime . "
See Phillips , Bad Money : Reckless Finance , Failed Politics , and the Global Crisis of American Capitalism ( New York : Viking , 2008 ) , 124-27 .
Indeed , the struggle to control world oil can be seen as the centerpiece of the new geopolitics of U.S. empire , designed at the same time to combat the decline of U.S. hegemony .
See John Bellamy Foster , " A Warning to Africa : The New U.S. Imperial Grand Strategy , " Monthly Review 58 , no. 2 ( June 2006 ) : 1 -12 .
2. Michael T. Klare , Blood and Oil ( New York : Henry Holt , 2004 ) , 82 .
3. Colin J. Campbell and Jean H. Laherrí¨re , " The End of Cheap Oil , " Scientific American ( March 1998 ) : 78 - 83 ; International Energy Agency , World Energy Outlook , 1998 ( Paris : OECD , 1998 ) , 94-103 .
4. Matthew R. Simmons , " Has Technology Created $ 10 Oil ? , " Middle East Insight ( May - June 1999 ) , 37 , 39 .
5. Matthew R. Simmons , " An Oil Man Reconsiders the Future of Black Gold , " Good Magazine , February 11 , 2008 .
The insert in square brackets in the quote is in original .
6. Matthew R. Simmons , Twilight in the Desert : The Coming Saudi Oil Shock and the World Economy ( Hoboken , New Jersey : John Wiley and Sons , 2005 ) .
7. John Wood and Gary Long , " Long Term World Oil Supply ( A Resource Base / Production Path Analysis ) , " Energy Information Administration , U.S. Department of Energy , July 28 , 2000 .
8. See Klare , Blood and Oil , 13 - 14 .
9. Sam Nunn and James R. Schlesinger , cochairs ,
The Geopolitics of Energy into the 21st Century , 3 volumes ( Washington , D.C. : Center for Strategic and International Studies , November 2000 ) , vol. 1 , xvi-xxiii ; vol. 2 , 30 - 31 ; vol. 3 , 19 .
10 . Edward L. Morse , chair , Strategic Energy Policy Challenges for the 21st Century , cosponsored by the James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy of Rice University and the Council on Foreign Relations ( Washington , D.C : Council on Foreign Relations Press , April 2001 ) , 3-17 , 29 , 43-47 , 84-85 , 98 ; see also Edward L. Morse , " A New Political Economy of Oil ? , " Journal of International Affairs 53 , no.
1 ( Fall 1999 ) , 1 - 29 .
11 . White House , National Energy Policy ( Cheney report ) , May 2001 , http://www.whitehouse.gov/energy/National-Energy-Policy.pdf, 1 -13 , 8 - 4 . ; Department of Energy , Energy Information Administration , International Economic Outlook , 2001 , http://www.eia.doe.gov/oiaf/archive/ieo01/pdf/0484(2001).pdf, 240 ; International Petroleum Outlook , April 2008 , tables 4.1 b and 4.1d ; Klare , Blood and Oil , 15 , 79 - 81 .
12 . Klare , Blood and Oil , 82 -83 .
13 . Alan Greenspan , The Age of Turbulence ( London : Penguin , 2007 ) , 462-63 .
14 . James A. Baker Institute for Public Policy , " The Changing Role of National Oil Companies in International Markets , " Baker Institute Policy Report , no .
35 ( April 2007 ) , http://www.bakerinstitute.org/publications/BI_PolicyReport_35.pdf, 1 , 10 - 12 , 17-19 .
15 . Fareed Muhamedi and Raad Alkadiri , " Washington Makes It 's Case for War , " Middle East Report , no .
224 ( Autumn 2002 ) , 5 ; John Bellamy Foster , Naked Imperialism ( New York : Monthly Review Press , 2006 ) , 92 .
16 . U.S. Department of Energy , Energy Information Administration , International Petroleum Monthly , April 2008 , tables 4.1 b and 4.1d .
17 . Richard Heinberg , The Party 's Over ( Garbiola Island , B.C : New Society Publishers , 2005 ) , 127-28 ; Michael Klare , Rising Powers , Shrinking Planet ( New York : Henry Holt , 2008 ) , 41 ; Greenpeace , " Stop the Tar Sands / Water Polluton , " http://www.greenpeace .org/canada/en/campaigns/tarsands/threats/water-pollution .
18 . Energy Watch Group , Crude Oil : The Supply Outlook , October 2007 , 33 - 34 .
19 .
The distinction between " early " and " late " peakers is to be found in Richard Heinberg , The Oil Depletion Protocol ( Garbiola Island , B.C : New Society Publishers , 2006 ) , 17 - 23 .
For some representative works from the " early peaker " perspective see Kenneth S. Deffeyes , Hubbert 's Peak ( Princeton : Princeton University Press , 2001 ) ; David Goodstein , Out of Gas ( New York : W. W. Norton , 2004 ) ; and Heinberg , The Party 's Over. Cambridge Energy Research Associates is the leading independent representative of the " late peaker " view .
See http://www.cera.com/aspx/cda/public1/home/home.aspx.
20 . International Energy Agency , World Energy Outlook , 1998 , 83 - 84 .
The increased prominence of unconventional oil has recently led to increasing references to " liquids " as opposed to " oil " as such in Department of Energy reports .
See Michael T. Klare , " Beyond the Age of Petroleum , " The Nation , October 25 , 2007 .
21 . Richard Heinberg , Power Down ( Gabriola Island , B.C. : New Society Publishers , 2004 ) , 35 ; James Howard Kunstler , The Long Emergency ( New York : Atlantic Monthly Press , 2005 ) , 67 - 68 .
In an important paper on the implications of peak oil for global warming , Pushker Kharecha and James Hansen of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies and the Columbia University Earth Institute provide a graph ( in one scenario ) of a plateau in oil - based CO2 emissions , stretching from approximately 2016 to 2036 .
Pushker A. Kharecha and James E. Hansen , " Implications of ' Peak Oil ' for Atmospheric CO2 and Climate , " Global Biogeochemistry ( 2008 , in press ) , figure 3 .
22 . " Oil Officials See Limit Looming on Production , " Wall Street Journal , November 11 , 2007 ; Klare , Beyond the Age of Petroleum . "
23 . Phillips , Bad Money , 130-31 , 153 ; Energy Watch Group , Crude Oil : The Supply Outlook , October 2007 , 71 .
24 . Phillips sees this descrepancy between the analysis at the top and public statements in Washington as due in large part to a desire to keep from the public the view that the U.S. system is itself peaking .
See Phillips , Bad Money , 127 .
25 . Robert L. Hirsch , project leader , Peaking of World Oil Production : Impacts , Mitigation , and Risk Management , U.S. Department of Energy , February 2005 , 13 , 23 - 25 .
A different and more official position was issued by the EIA in 2004 - 2005 in the form of a presentation on " When Will World Oil Production Peak " by EIA administrator Guy Caruso at the 10th Annual Oil and Gas Conference , Kuala Lumpar , Malaysia , June 13 , 2005 .
The central scenario , however , estimated the world oil peak occurring in 2044 , a figure too out of line with all other studies to be considered credible .
See http://www.eia.doe.gov/neic/speeches/Caruso061305.pdf.
26 . Robert L. Hirsh , " The Inevitable Peaking of World Oil Production , " Bulletin of the Atlantic Council of the United States 16 , no.
2 ( October 2005 ) : 8 .
27 . Daniel F. Fournier and Eileen T. Westervelt , U.S Army Engineer Research and Development Center , U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , Energy Trends and their Implications for U.S. Army Installations , September 2005 , vii .
28 . International Energy Agency , World Energy Outlook , 2005 ( Paris : OECD , 2005 ) , 510 - 12 ; Simmons , Twilight in the Desert , 170- 79 ; Klare , Rising Powers , Shrinking Planet , 38 .
29 . United States Government Accountability Office , Crude Oil : Uncertainty about Future Oil Supply Makes It Important to Develop a Strategy for Addressing a Peak and Decline in Oil Production , February 28 , 2007 , 4 , 20 - 22 , 35 -38 .
30 . Bloomberg.com , " Goldman 's Murti Says Oil ' Likely ' to Reach a $ 150 - $ 200 ( Update 5 ) , " May 6 , 2008 ; " The Cassandra of Oil Prices , " New York Times , May 21 , 2008 ; ; Klare , Rising Powers , Shrinking Planet , 121 - 22 ; Joroen van der Veer ( interview ) , " Royal Dutch Shell CEO on the End of ' Easy Oil ' , " ; " Not Enough Oil is Lament of BP , Exxon on Spending ( Update 1 ) , " Bloomberg.com , May 19 , 2008 ; Mike Nizz , " Market Faces a Disturbing Oil Forecast , " The Lede ( New York Times blog ) , May 22 , 2008 .
31 . Lester R. Brown , Plan B 3.0 ( New York : W. W. Norton , 2008 ) , 41 ; Fred Magdoff , " The World Food Crisis , " Monthly Review 60 , no. 1 ( May 2008 ) : 1 - 15 , and " The Political Economy and Ecology of Agrofuels , " in this issue .
32 . Anthony H. Cordesman and Khalid R. Al - Rodhan , The Changing Risks in Global Oil Supply and Demand , Center for Strategic and International Studies , October 3 , 2005 ( first working draft ) , 8 , 13-19 , 55 - 59 , 79 , 83 .
33 . John Deutsch and James R. Schlesinger , chairs , National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependence , Council on Foreign Relations , 2006 , http://www.cfr.org/publication/11683/, 3 , 16-30 , 48-56 .
34 . James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy of Rice University , " The Changing Role of National Oil Companies in International Oil Markets , " Baker Institute Policy Report , no .
35 ( April 2007 ) , http://bakerinstitute.org/publications/BI_PolicyReport_35.pdf, 1 , 10 - 12 , 17-19 .
35 . Kunstler , The Long Emergency , 76 - 84 ; Baker Institute , " Changing Role of National Oil Companies , " 12 .
36 . Roger Stern , " The Iranian Petroleum Crisis and the United States National Security , " Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 104 , no .
1 ( January 2 , 2007 ) : 377-82 .
37 . Foster , " A Warning to Africa " ; Michael Watts , " The Empire of Oil : Capitalist Dispossession and the New Scramble for Africa , " Monthly Review 58 , no .
4 ( September 2006 ) , 1 - 17 ; Klare , Rising Powers , Shrinking Planet , 146-76 .
38 . " U.S. Military Sees Oil Nationalism Spectre , " Financial Times , June 26 , 2006 ; Council on Foreign Relations , " The Return of Resource Nationalism , " August 13 , 2007 ; Eva Golinger , Bush vs. Chávez ( New York : Monthly Review Press , 2008 ) .
39 .
Simmons , " An Oil Man Reconsiders the Future of Black Gold . "
40 . Carlos Pascual , " The Geopolitics of Energy , " Brookings Institution , January 2008 , http://www.cfr.org/publication/15342/brookings.html, 3 -4 .
41 . Daniel Litvin , The Guardian ( UK ) , " Oil , Gas and Imperialism , " January 4 , 2006 .
42 . Joshua Kurlantzick , " Put a Tyrant in Your Tank , " Mother Jones 33 , no .
3 ( May - June 2008 ) , 38 - 42 , 88-89 .
43 . See Richard Heinberg 's excellent chapter on " Bridging Peak Oil and Climate Change Activism " in his Peak Everything ( Gabriola Island : New Society Publishers , 2008 ) , 141-57 .
On the concept of a biospheric rift see Brett Clark and Richard York , " Carbon Metabolism : Global Capitalism , Climate Change , and the Biospheric Rift , " Theory & Society 34 , no.
4 ( 2005 ) : 391-428 .
In their paper on peak oil and global warming , Kharecha and Hansen present a baseline atmospheric carbon stabailizaton scenario in which oil - based CO2 emissions peak by 2016 , due principally to the " peaking " of world oil production ( mediated by economic and social as well as geological factors ) .
If such a peak were to occur , they argue , it would facilitate the stabilization of atmospheric carbon at ( or below ) what scientists increasingly consider to be the maximum safe level of 450 parts per million ( associated with a rise in global average temperature of around 2Â°C above pre-industrial ) .
But stabilization of atmospheric CO2 at this level would also require that CO2 emissions from coal - fired power plants peak by 2025 and that coal - fired plants without sequestration be phased out completely " before mid-century . "
Pusher and Kharecha , " Implications of ' Peak Oil ' for Atmospheric CO2 and Climate . "
44 . Rachel Carson , Lost Woods ( Boston : Beacon Press , 1998 ) , 210 .
Mengenal Gaya Bermain Poker Online Pada Pemain Profesional
Mengenal Gaya Bermain Poker Online Pada Pemain Profesional – Ada beberapa hal yang harus anda ketahui ketika anda bermain poker online ini .
Salah satunya adalah mengenal gaya bermain poker online pada setiap pemain yang melakukan taruhan ini .
Gaya bermain ini sering dikatakan sebagai playing styles , dimana terdapat banyak sekali gaya yang harus anda ketahui .
Berikut [… ]
Golden Shellback is a coating that lets you spill , pour , or submerge your gadget in a liquid and have it survive .
Golden Shellback says it will protect against oils , water - based liquids , synthetic fluids , dust and dirt .
Tekzilla 's Patrick Norton shot a segment on Golden Shellback and has footage of cellphones and CB radios functioning normally under a foot of water ( Golden Shellback claimed the CB sat underwater for 455 consecutive hours ) .
Advertisement
Apparently , the coating is applied in a vacuum and covers both the inner and outer components of a gadget , which does n't conduct electricity .
Golden Shellback hopes the protective coating will be available soon , and expect the service to cost between $ 50 - $ 75 depending on the size of the gadget .
But seeing is believing , so you should watch the video , which is borderline mindblowing .
[ Golden Shellback via Tekzilla via gCaptain ]
Sony 's internal online - focused studio , Sony Online Entertainment , has been responsible for a number of well - known titles over the years including EverQuest , Star Wars Galaxies , GripShift , Field Commander , Untold Legends : The Warrior 's Code , and the upcoming massively multiplayer online game , The Agency .
Back in March , Sony announced that SOE would no longer be part of Sony Pictures Entertainment and instead would fall under the Sony Computer Entertainment banner , reporting to SCE group president and CEO Kazuo Hirai .
In addition , Yair Landau , vice chairman for Sony Pictures Entertainment , announced he would be leaving the company after 17 years of service .
Landau oversaw SOE in addition to other divisions .
It appears that following the assimilation into SCE , another exec at SOE has moved on .
John Needham , former senior vice president of Business Development and Operations for Sony Online Entertainment , has joined developer Cryptic Studios as chief executive officer .
President of Cryptic Studios Michael Lewis said in a statement today , " John Needham 's proven leadership in the MMO space makes him a dynamic fit for heading up Cryptic 's new corporate direction .
As a senior vice president of Sony Online Entertainment he has contributed greatly to the growth of the industry and we 're excited to combine his operational experience with our vision for the future of online games . "
Cryptic , like SOE , has been responsible for a number of online role - playing games , including the superhero - themed City of Heroes and City of Villains .
The studio also worked on Marvel Universe Online , which was ( Marvel Universe Online officially offline ) subsequently canceled by the game 's publisher , Microsoft Games Studios .
MGS head Shane Kim did n't go into details other than confirming " Microsoft and Marvel have decided to discontinue that project . "
Shortly after that , the studio quickly announced it would be release a new superhero MMO , Champions Online for the PC and Xbox 360 and currently slated for a spring 2009 release .
Bartender Moe Harris demonstrates how to open a beer with your teeth .
" Families are getting poorer and this is one way of putting food on the table , " he said .
" I believe they are being sold on .
Thieves stole potatoes from my own plot and put the stalks back in place so it was two or three days before I noticed . "
Illustration by Kevin Kallaugher
RONALD REAGAN once described inflation as being “ as violent as a mugger , as frightening as an armed robber and as deadly as a hit - man ” .
Until recently , central bankers thought that this thug had been locked up for life .
Thanks to sound monetary policies , inflation worldwide had stayed low in recent years .
But the mugger is back on the prowl .
Even though America is close to recession and growth in other developed economies has slowed , inflation is rising .
Jean - Claude Trichet , president of the European Central Bank , this week gave warning about the mistakes of the 1970s , when inflation was let loose at huge cost to growth .
His words were aimed at rich - country central banks , but policymakers in emerging economies are the ones who should most take heed .
In countries such as China , India , Indonesia and Saudi Arabia even the often dodgy official statistics show prices have risen by 8 - 10 % over the past year ; in Russia the rate is over 14 % ; in Argentina the true figure is 23 % and in Venezuela it is 29 % .
If you measure the numbers correctly , two - thirds of the world 's population will probably suffer double - digit rates of inflation this summer ( see article ) .
A 1970s reunion you really do n't want to attend
Taken as a whole ( and using official figures ) , the average world inflation rate has risen to 5.5 % , its highest since 1999 .
The main cause has been the surge in the prices of food and oil , which briefly soared above $ 135 a barrel this week .
But Mr Trichet 's concern is that higher headline rates could push up inflation expectations , leading to bigger pay demands , and so trigger a wage - price spiral , as in the 1970s .
Central bankers ' mistake then was to hold monetary policy too loose , so that higher oil prices quickly fed into other prices .
So it is worrying that global monetary policy is now at its loosest since the 1970s : the average world real interest rate is negative .
By slashing interest rates as inflation has climbed , has the Fed sowed the seeds of a new inflationary era ?
That case looks hard to prove in the rich world .
Inflation rates of 3.9 % in America and 3.3 % in the euro area are far higher than central banks want , and inflation expectations are rising .
If growth in the euro area remains robust , the ECB should certainly worry more about inflation .
Yet so far there is little sign that higher food and oil prices are pushing up other prices in the rich economies .
Wages have remained relatively subdued and core rates of inflation ( excluding food and energy ) are little higher than a year ago .
Moreover , growth is expected to be below trend in America and Europe over the next year or so and unemployment is likely to climb , which will help to curb wage rises .
America 's consumer - confidence index has fallen to a 28 - year low , which suggests that consumer spending will fall .
This , in turn , will spur firms to cut costs and limit pay rises .
The picture is very different in emerging countries .
Prices are rising much faster partly because food accounts for a bigger chunk of their consumer - price indices .
But wages ( rising at nearly 30 % a year in Russia ) and core-inflation rates are also accelerating .
Many of these economies are operating close to full capacity , where inflation is more likely to take hold .
There are alarming similarities between emerging economies today and the rich world in the 1970s when the Great Inflation lifted off .
Many policymakers in emerging markets view the rise in inflation as a short - term supply shock and so see little need to raise interest rates .
Instead they are using price controls and subsidies to cap prices .
Money supplies are growing almost three times as fast as in the developed world .
Many central banks are still not fully independent .
And inflationary expectations are not properly anchored , increasing the risk of a wage - price spiral .
Emerging markets may as well be inviting the muggers into their own homes .
Watch your back
Rising inflation , like so much of the world economy in recent years , can be explained partly by the increasingly complex links between developed and emerging economies .
Emerging economies shared some responsibility for America 's housing and credit bubble .
As Asian economies and Middle East oil exporters ran large current - account surpluses , they piled up foreign reserves ( mostly in American Treasury securities ) in order to prevent their currencies from rising .
This pushed down bond yields .
At the same time , cheap imports from China and elsewhere helped central banks in rich economies hold down inflation while keeping short - term interest rates lower than in the past .
Cheap money fuelled America 's bubble .
Now that this bubble has burst , the cross - border monetary stimulus has changed direction .
As the Fed has cut interest rates , emerging economies that link their currencies to the dollar have been forced to run a looser monetary policy , even though their economies are overheating .
Emerging economies with currencies most closely aligned to the dollar , notably in Asia and the Gulf , have seen the biggest price rises .
Countries , such as Mexico , that have more flexible exchange rates and are more committed to inflation targets have done better .
Even if the Fed 's interest rate suits the American economy , global interest rates are too low .
In turn , the unwarranted stimulus to demand in emerging economies is further pushing up commodity prices ; so too is speculative buying by investors seeking higher returns than from bond yields , which are still being depressed by the emerging economies ' build - up of reserves .
This stokes inflationary pressures in America and Europe and makes life difficult for rich - country central banks .
Loose money in America and rigid exchange rates in emerging economies are a perilous mix .
The longer emerging economies hold down their exchange rates , the greater the risk of rising global inflation .
Admittedly , exchange - rate appreciation is not as simple a remedy for emerging economies as some claim : a rise in interest rates and the expectation of a further appreciation in the exchange rate could , perversely , exacerbate inflation by sucking in more capital ; and setting the exchange rate free risks massive overvaluation .
But with an economic serial killer on the loose , one way or another monetary policy will have to tighten and exchange rates rise .
Last week in New York , a group of prominent bloggers and technology experts came together at the annual Personal Democracy Forum to discuss the evolving relationship between technology and politics .
Many of the comments zeroed in on American broadband access .
FCC Commissioner Jonathan Adelstein noted that the United States lags behind the industrialized world in Internet access .
" It 's clear that what we 're doing in Washington is n't working , " he said .
In 2001 , the U.S. ranked fourth in the world in broadband adoption .
Today , it is 15th , behind countries like Canada , Iceland , Belgium and the United Kingdom .
In rural America , only 39 percent of residents have broadband access .
Adelstein said there was a need for a new national broadband policy .
In order for the Internet to " reach its highest potential , we 've got to make it accessible and affordable to everyone , " he said .
The idea that the Internet provides a " civil right " to express one 's opinion is a mantra of both conservative and liberal blogge
Over half of prisoners are problem drug users when they arrive at jail More than £ 80 m is to be spent on new technology and better security to stop drugs being smuggled into English and Welsh prisons , following a review .
Equipment to detect and bar mobile phones , used by dealers , is to be introduced by the Prison Service .
Chairs that scan for goods being smuggled inside bodies are to be introduced in prisons by next March .
The four - month review also found some corrupt prison officers were being paid by prisoners for phones or drugs .
' Betrayal of society ' Justice Secretary Jack Straw warned these prison officers they would be caught and jailed .
He said : " It is a betrayal of society and it is also treacherous to colleagues because with corruption and the smuggling of drugs by prison officers goes major problems of disorder , " he said .
" Substantial amounts " of all types of drugs got into prisons , the review by former chief constable David Blakey said .
Methods included visitors smuggling the substances and disguised packages being thrown over prison walls .
The report commissioned by Mr Straw also suggested improving security on prison visits .
Prisoners will wear a one - piece suit with no pockets during visits and there will be more use of " closed visits " where glass separates the prisoner from the visitor .
Mr Blakey said there should be greater examination of prison bank accounts to provide intelligence on drug dealing behind bars .
The report also suggested a review of Rule 39 , which prevents letters from lawyers being opened by prison staff .
Mr Blakey suggested that the Law Society , which represents solicitors , should consider a registration scheme in a bid to stop drugs from being smuggled in this way .
' Decisive action '
The way search dogs are used should be reviewed , the report said .
And it recommended and the creation of a new research and development department to draw up plans for greater use of technology to combat drugs .
Only root - and - branch reform to transform the whole culture of our jails will make prisons go clean
Shadow justice secretary Nick Herbert
The Conservatives said the report did not go far enough to assess or solve the problem .
Shadow justice secretary Nick Herbert said : " What 's needed is a fundamental shake - up of the failed testing regime for drugs , concrete proposals for improving security , and decisive action to tackle corruption .
" Only root - and - branch reform to transform the whole culture of our jails will make prisons go clean . "
The ratio of inmates testing positive is falling , but anecdotal evidence suggests the problem is getting worse .
Official figures show that drug seizures rose 12 % in two years .
The government estimates that 55 % of prisoners are considered to be problem drug users when they are admitted .
England 's largest jail , Wandsworth , has estimated that about £ 1 m worth of drugs was trafficked within the prison last year .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
This is my OLD blog .
I 've copied this post over to my NEW blog at :
http://www.saltycrane.com/blog/2008/06/django-blog-project-5-yui-css-and/
You should be redirected in 2 seconds .
I wrote about adding some CSS to my new blog in my post # 3 .
However , I got the CSS layout code from a book that was a couple of years old ( CSS Cookbook , 2006 ) .
I created a 2 column fixed width layout , but it was not centered .
It turns out creating a robust , cross - browser solution to centering a page layout is not trivial , even in 2008 .
I happened to notice that the Django Book used YUI style sheets for styling its online book .
The Yahoo User Interface Library ( YUI ) consists mostly of a Javascript Library , but it also includes " several core CSS resources " .
Doing a search among Django blogs using django blog search revealed that YUI was a pretty popular choice for CSS among Django users .
Watching the 42 minute YUI CSS introductory video gave me a better understanding of the current state of CSS and browser compatability and how to use YUI to easily create consistent layouts across a variety of browsers .
So in this post I 'll touch on how I used the YUI CSS library to restyle my slowly - getting - to - be - a - fledgling site .
I 'll also note how I setup Django and Webfaction to serve the static CSS media files .
( What , I need a special setup to use external CSS stylesheets ?
you ask .
I know , it suprised me too . )
Finally , I made some small updates to my model to use more reasonable model attribute field types .
In my base . html template file , I removed all the CSS in between the < style ></ style > tags and replaced it with a link to the YUI concatenated , minified reset + fonts + grids aggregate file .
I also added a link to my to - be - described - later local CSS stylesheet , mystyle.css .
In the body section , I added a number of div blocks to create the required structure for the YUI library .
The following code creates a fixed 750 pixel total width layout with a 180 pixel side column on the right and a full width header and footer .
Not coming from a web background , I had thought this type of thing would be easier .
I guess this complexity contributes to the demand for tools such as Dreamweaver .
~/src/django/myblogsite/templates/base.html
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD
HTML 4.01//EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/strict.dtd " > < html > < head > < meta http -equiv= " Content - Type " content = " text / html ; charset=utf - 8 " > < link rel=" stylesheet " type =" text / css " href = " http://yui.yahooapis.com/2.5.2/build/reset-fonts-grids/reset-fonts-grids.css " > < link rel=" stylesheet " type =" text/css " href= " / site_media/css/mystyle.css " > < title >{ % block title % }Sofeng 's Blog Version {{ VERSION }}{ % endblock %}</ title > </ head > < body > < div id =" doc " class = " yui - t4 " > < div id = " hd " >
< h1 > Sofeng 's Blog Version {{ VERSION }}</h1 > </div > < div id= " bd " > < div id =" yui- main " > < div class = " yui - b " > { % block main %}{ % endblock %} </div > </div > < div class = " yui - b " id =" sidebar " > { % block sidebar %} < h3 > ABOUT </h3 > < p
> This is my new blog created using < a href = " http://www.djangoproject.com " >
Django </a > , a < a href = " http://www.python.org ">
Python</a> web framework .
This site is under construction .
My current blog is located at : < a href = " http://iwiwdsmi.blogspot.com "
>
http://iwiwdsmi.blogspot.com</a>. </p> { % endblock %} </div > </div > < div id = " ft " >
A <a href = " http://www.djangoproject.com/ " >Django </a> site .
</div> </div > </ body > </html >
mystyle.css contains the CSS code to customize the style ( fonts , colors , spacing , etc. ) of my site .
Currently it is just a copy of YUI 's Base library with a few minor modifications .
( YUI 's Reset library removes all browser specific styling ( located in browser.css or similar ) .
Then the YUI Base library adds back the common element styles that we are familiar with .
This provides consistency across browsers . )
I saved this file at ~/src/django/myblogsite/media/css/mystyle.css .
Django does n't serve static media files such as CSS , JavaScript , and images by default .
The reason is that Django is meant to create dynamically generated webpages and serving static media is best left to a tool designed for this task such as Apache .
However , during development , it is convenient to have the Django development server ( python manage .
py runserver ) serve the static media files .
To do this , I used these instructions from Django .
This amounted to adding a new line to my URLConf ( urls.py ) .
~/src/django/myblogsite/urls.py
from django.conf.urls.defaults import * from myblogsite.myblogapp.views import * urlpatterns = patterns ( '' , ( r' ^admin / ' , include ( 'django.contrib.admin.urls ' ) ) , ( r ' ^myview1 / $ ' , myview1 ) , ( r ' ^blog / $ ' , frontpage ) , ( r'^site_media / ( ?
P .*) $ ' , ' django.views.static.serve ' , {' document_root ' : '/home/sofeng/src/django/myblogsite/media'} ) , )
To serve my static CSS file at Webfaction , I followed these Webfaction knowledgebase instructions :
I went to the Webfaction Control Panel Under the " > Domains / websites " menu , I selected " Applications " I selected the icon with the plus to add a new App .
I filled in the following fields :
" Name " : myblogsite_media " App type " : Symbolic link " Extra info " : /home/ sofeng/webapps/django/myblogsite/media
Under the " > Domains / websites " menu , I selected " Websites " I clicked on the pencil icon to edit my website Under " Site apps " , I selected the icon with the plus to add a new site app .
I selected " myblogsite_media " as the App and entered / site_media as the " URL path " .
In my settings_webfaction .py file I updated the MEDIA_ROOT and MEDIA_URL variables .
( Did I forget to mention I created a separate settings file for Webfaction .
I point to the settings_webfaction .
py file in my ~/ webapps/django/apache2/conf/httpd.conf . )
I also created a new file , urls_webfaction .py that does n't have the above modification and I point to this URLConf in my settings_webfaction .py .
I know there has got to be a better way to do this , but my tired brain has n't figured it out yet .
~/src/django/myblogsite/settings_webfaction.py
MEDIA_ROOT = '/home/sofeng/webapps/django/myblogsite/media/'
MEDIA_URL = '/ site_media /' ROOT_URLCONF = ' myblogsite.urls_webfaction '
$ pushwebf
$ hg update -C $ ~/webapps/django/apache2/bin/restart
In , I modified the following lines :
On my local machine : On Webfaction machine :
Here is a snapshot screenshot of the site :
The live site can be viewed at : http://saltycrane.com/blog/
Related posts :
Just a few months ago , the consensus view was that Barack Obama would need to choose a hard - core national - security type as his vice presidential running mate to compensate for his lack of foreign policy experience and that John McCain would need a running mate who was young and sprightly to compensate for his age .
Come August , though , I predict both men will be looking for a financial wizard as their running mates to help them steer America out of what could become a serious economic tailspin .
I do not believe nation - building in Iraq is going to be the issue come November  whether things get better there or worse .
If they get better , we ’ll ignore Iraq more ; if they get worse , the next president will be under pressure to get out quicker .
I think nation - building in America is going to be the issue .
It ’s the state of America now that is the most gripping source of anxiety for Americans , not Al Qaeda or Iraq .
Anyone who thinks they are going to win this election playing the Iraq or the terrorism card  one way or another  is , in my view , seriously deluded .
Things have changed .
Up to now , the economic crisis we ’ve been in has been largely a credit crisis in the capital markets , while consumer spending has kept reasonably steady , as have manufacturing and exports .
But with banks still reluctant to lend even to healthy businesses , fuel and food prices soaring and home prices declining , this is starting to affect consumers , shrinking their wallets and crimping spending .
Unemployment is already creeping up and manufacturing creeping down .
Report : Ahmad Nadalian , RiverArt Photos by Raheleh Zomorodinia , Mithra Soltani , Mohamad Saybani and Ahmad Nadalian .
Thanks to Mohamd Saybani , Mohammad Banoj , Tarta Ghodarzi , Raheleh Zomorodinia , Atefeh Khas , Mahmood Maktabi , Shahrnaz Zarkesh and Zahra Shafiabadi .
In December 2007 , we held an environmental art festival in the Persian Gulf .
This festival had no sponsors .
The young artists paid for the cost of their trip , food , and supplies they needed to create their art works .
In the past two years there has been a great demand for environmental art in Iran .
Many young artists from different parts of Iran invite me to be part of different environmental events and realize their art works in nature .
They are many and I can not have all of them in one occasion , but I have been pleased to organize different events and respond to this essential need of our society .
Environmental art is the art of the future .
We can learn how to behave with nature .
I wish in the future we could have one environmental art event per day .
For the occasion of this festival , my American friend Barbara Roux sent her new poem .
I suggested printing her poem on paper and role them , put them inside of plastic bottles available on the coast and leave them in the water of the sea .
For me , the idea of having international artists participate or contribute is very important and symbolically could show the willingness and desire of world nations to work together towards peace .
In many occasions , mostly during the night , we had performances and dances related to local ritual .
Work by Hojat Amani - Photo by Raheleh Zomorodinia Collaborative work by Tarta Ghodarzi , Atefeh Khas , Raheleh Zomorodinia , Behrang Abasspour , Hassan Daryapeima , Hesam Al din Mohamadian , Mithra Soltani , Ahmad Nadalian , and artists who made audio - Photo by Raheleh Zomorodinia Work by Mohamad Banj and other local artists
Young artists also depicted patterns of living creatures that lost their life due to pollution , which was caused by war .
Collabrative works by Zohreh Riyahi , Z ohreh Deldadeh - Photo by Raheleh Zomorodinia Collaborative work by Tarta Ghodarzi , Atefeh Khas , Zahra Shafiabadi , Mahmood MAktabi , Shahrnaz Zarkesh and Raheleh Zomorodinia Zohreh Deldadeh Work by Shahnaz Zarkesh Zahra Shafiabadi Collaborative work by Tarta Ghodarzi , Atefeh Khas , Raheleh Zomorodinia , Behrang Abasspour , Hassan Daryapeima , Hesam Al din Mohamadian , Mithra Soltani , Ahmad Nadalian , and artists who made audio - Photo by Raheleh Zomorodinia Work by Atefeh Khas Work by Maryam Amini During these wars a million gallons of oil released into the Persian Gulf causing the largest oil spill in history .
Only in one occasion amount of oil released was categorized as 20 times larger than the Exxon Valdez spill in Alaska and twice as large as the previous world record oil spill .
Now at least more than 80 ships were sunk to the bottom of the Persian Gulf during the Gulf War , many of which carried oil and munitions .
In 1999 , some 400 to 500 tons of fish died in the Persian Gulf , a problem traced to a lack of oxygen in the water and the growth of phytoplanktons .
I continued a project that I started last month ( January 2008 ) .
In recent years on this island some of the deer died .
I used sand stone to make deer feet and printed them on the sand of beach .
More Images
The oil released into the Persian Gulf produced devastating consequences on the marine wildlife of the area , including the endangered hawksbill and green turtles .
Thousands of cormorants ( a type of marine bird ) died as a result of exposure to oil or polluted water .
Many Karan Island green turtles developed lesions .
About Ahmad Nadalian Ahmad Nadalian is internationally known as one of the most active environmental artists .
He has been supported and sponsored by many different organizations in many countries throughout the world , where he has performed numerous environmental art projects in countries such as ; Italy , Germany , USA , UK , Spain , France , China , Netherlands , Greece , Russia , Uzbekistan , Tajikistan , Bangladesh , Finland , Lebanon , Syria , Azerbaijan , Sweden , Denmark , United Arab Emirates , Qatar , Kuwait , Turkey , Switzerland , Serbia .... and his homeland Iran .
Also he has been invited as a guest lecturer to different universities , organizations and art centers , during his visits he has given talks and workshops on a variety of relevant art issues such as Environmental and Interactive arts
He also organized many major environmental art festivals in his native country Iran , and has helped to supervise young environmenta l artists around the globe .
© Copyright 2008 Payvand.com ( All Rights Reserved )
Defence Minister Joel Fitzgibbon says Australia can keep one type of cluster munition , despite a draft ban treaty agreed on in Ireland overnight .
Delegates from more than 100 countries meeting in Dublin , agreed the text of a landmark international convention to ban cluster bombs , after British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the UK would scrap all such weapons in its arsenal .
A delegation of senior Australian Defence Department and Foreign Affairs officials are involved in the Dublin talks .
Cluster munitions open in mid-air and scatter as many as several hundred ' bomblets ' over a wide area .
They often fail to explode , creating virtual minefields that can kill or injure anyone who finds them later - often curious children .
Mr Fitzgibbon said the treaty was a great step forward in humanitarian terms but said Australia would not be scrapping the plans to buy cluster - munition artillery shells known as ' SMArt 155 ' .
The 155 mm shells burst in mid-air and expel two smaller bombs which descend on parachutes and use sensors to scan the ground below them for possible targets before detonating .
" We are of course procuring the SMArt 155 and I think it 's a fair proposition that it does not of course fit into the category of these indiscriminate munitions that people are rightly and genuinely so concerned about , " Mr Fitzgibbon said .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - When Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper tried to explain in a year - end interview why he ’d met the Dalai Lama in his Ottawa office , it was clear he wanted to show respect for the exiled Tibetan leader .
Unfortunately , it did n’t quite come out that way .
“ I met the Dalai Lama in my office but I meet everyone in my office .
I do n’t know why I would sneak off to a hotel room just to meet the Dalai Lama .
You know , he ’s not a call girl , ” Harper told OMNI television .
He quickly added : “ As I say , he ’s a respected international spiritual leader . ”
China condemns the Dalai Lama as a separatist and presses world leaders to shun him .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel met him in September , but only in private , and last month the Vatican called off a meeting with the Pope set for December 13 .
Harper is a strong critic of China ’s human rights record and what he calls the “ undemocratic regime ” in Beijing .
China condemned Harper for “ disgusting conduct ” in late October after he met the Dalai Lama in his parliamentary office with television cameras and photographers present .
The Dalai Lama -- who fled his predominantly Buddhist homeland in 1959 after a failed uprising against Communist rule -- was granted honorary Canadian citizenship in June .
Harper ’s chief spokeswoman did not respond to a query as to whether the prime minister regretted his choice of words in the interview , which took place on Tuesday but was embargoed until Thursday .
( Fortune Magazine ) --
Will a collection of hedge funds , carefully selected by experts , return more to investors over the next 10 years than the S&P 500 ?
That question is now the subject of a bet between Warren Buffett , the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway , and Protégé Partners LLC , a New York City money management firm that runs funds of hedge funds - in other words , a firm whose existence rests on its ability to put its clients ' money into the best hedge funds and keep it out of the underperformers .
You can guess which party is taking which side .
Protégé has placed its bet on five funds of hedge funds - specifically , the averaged returns that those vehicles deliver net of all fees , costs , and expenses .
On the other side , Buffett , who has long argued that the fees that such " helpers " as hedge funds and funds of funds command are onerous and to be avoided has bet that the returns from a low - cost S&P 500 index fund sold by Vanguard will beat the results delivered by the five funds that Protégé has selected .
We 're way past theory here .
This bet , being reported for the first time in this article ( whose author is both a longtime friend of Buffett 's and editor of his chairman 's letter in the Berkshire annual report ) , has been in existence since Jan. 1 of this year .
It 's between Buffett ( not Berkshire ) and Protégé ( the firm , not its funds ) .
And there 's serious money at stake .
Each side put up roughly $ 320,000 .
The total funds of about $ 640,000 were used to buy a zero - coupon Treasury bond that will be worth $ 1 million at the bet 's conclusion .
That $ 1 million will then go to charity .
If Protégé wins , it has asked that the money be given to Absolute Return for Kids ( ARK ) , an international philanthropy based in London .
If Buffett wins , the intended recipient is Girls Inc. of Omaha , whose board includes his daughter , Susan Buffett .
And who 's holding the money , by way of owning the zero - coupon bond ?
That 's an esoteric institution most readers of this article will never have heard of , the Long Now Foundation , of San Francisco , which exists to encourage long - term thinking and combat what one of its founders , Stewart Brand ( of the Whole Earth Catalog ) , calls the " pathologically short attention span " that seems to afflict the world .
Six years ago the foundation set up a mechanism for - what else ?
- Long Bets .
The foundation receives wagers as donations , oversees the bets until they are decided , and then pays off the winner 's designated charity .
For this work , the foundation normally gets a $ 50 fee from each side and then shares fifty - fifty with the charitable winner - to - be in the returns earned on the funds being held .
In the Buffett - Protégé bet , however , there will be no such sharing ; each side simply made a $ 20,000 charitable gift to the Long Now Foundation .
To see today 's Long Bets listings , go to http://www.longbets.org/.
Some bets catalogued there sound as though they were made in sports bars : Actor Ted Danson garnered $ 2,000 for a charity when the Red Sox won the World Series before a U.S. men's soccer team won the World Cup .
On a more cosmic front , Lotus founder Mitchell Kapor and inventor and futurist Ray Kurzweil have a $ 20,000 bet on the proposition that " by 2029 no computer - or ' machine intelligence ' - will have passed the Turing Test , " meaning that a computer wo n't have successfully impersonated a human .
Kapor made that prediction ; Kurzweil disagrees with it .
Each man , following the rules of Long Bets , has supported his point of view with a brief statement that is posted on the Web site .
Buffett's and Protégé 's arguments will appear there as well ( and are listed here ) .
Through 2007 the Kapor - Kurzweil bet of $ 20,000 was the largest on Long Bets .
The Buffett - Protégé bet obviously vaults the stakes to the stratosphere .
And to that there is a certain history , which began at Berkshire 's May 2006 annual meeting .
Expounding that weekend on the transaction and management costs borne by investors , Buffett offered to bet any taker $ 1 million that over 10 years and after fees , the performance of an S&P index fund would beat 10 hedge funds that any opponent might choose .
Some time later he repeated the offer , adding that since he had n't been taken up on the bet , he must be right in his thinking .
But in July 2007 , Ted Seides , a principal of Protégé but speaking for himself at that point , wrote Buffett to say he'd like to make the bet - or at least some version of it .
Months of sporadic negotiation ensued .
The two sides eventually agreed that Seides would bet on five funds of funds rather than 10 hedge funds .
Seides , stepping way beyond his usual stakes - say , the cost of a meal - suggested that he and Buffett make the bet for $ 100,000 ( which , he noted , was Buffett 's annual salary ) .
Buffett , not knowing then that Long Bets even existed , said that considering his age - he 's now 77 - and the complications that a 10 - year bet might add to his estate 's being settled , he'd only be interested in wagering at least $ 500,000 .
Even then , he wrote Seides , " my estate attorney is going to think I 'm out of my mind for complicating things . "
If $ 500,000 seemed too steep to Seides , Buffett ( for whom it 's obviously more of a trifle ) had no problem with Seides recruiting partners to help out .
And that 's what in effect happened , by way of Protégé Partners LLC making the bet rather than Seides .
Protégé , which manages around $ 3.5 billion , is principally owned by Seides , 37 , and two other men , CEO Jeffrey Tarrant , 52 , and Scott Bessent , 45 .
Each has a strong investment background , and two of the three have worked with well - known market practitioners : Seides learned the world of alternative investments under Yale 's David Swensen ; Bessent worked with both George Soros and short - seller Jim Chanos .
Upon its founding in 2002 by Tarrant and Seides , Protégé set up a fund of funds and began recruiting the kind of sophisticated investors - both institutions and wealthy individuals - who put their money in such funds .
Very aware that the Securities and Exchange Commission prohibits broad - scale marketing by hedge funds and funds of funds , neither Seides nor Tarrant will disclose the precise names of the funds they now run , much less their performance records .
But a London publication , InvestHedge , whose parent runs a hedge fund database , provided Fortune with several years of returns for the firm 's flagship U.S. fund , Protégé Partners LP .
From its inception in July 2002 through the end of 2007 , the Protégé fund gained 95 % ( after all fees ) , soundly beating the Vanguard S&P 500 index fund 's 64 % .
Protégé 's performance was hugely helped by the fact that by mid-2006 the firm was extremely bearish on subprime mortgage securities , including CDOs , and had dispersed its investments in hedge funds to capitalize on that opinion .
Most significant , it made an investment in Paulson & Co. 's hedge funds , which under John Paulson made a highly publicized killing in 2007 by short - selling securities linked to subprimes .
All that 's history , of course , so let 's get back to the bet : Buffett and Seides agreed that they 'd periodically disclose where the wager stood .
Seides wanted this disclosure to take place whenever the market fell by 10 % , because he believes that one of the virtues of hedge funds is their ability to weather tough times .
Indeed , in the first quarter of this year , during a down market , Protégé Partners LP fell by only 1.9 % , while the Vanguard fund dropped 9.5 % .
Buffett insisted , though , that the logical time for disclosure was at Berkshire 's annual meeting every spring - and that was the final agreement .
Just how much Buffett will have to say about the bet every year may be limited by one fact :
The names of the five funds of funds that Protégé has selected are to be kept confidential .
Of course , Buffett knows what the names are , because Protégé must supply him with the audited results of these funds every year .
But other than that , the designated funds of funds saw no advantage ( at least for now ) to declaring their participation in the bet and agreed to go along only if confidentiality was promised .
The first fund that Protégé tried to recruit , in fact , would n't sign up even then .
Seides and Tarrant do have a few general things to say about the five funds picked .
They are equity - oriented ( favoring stocks over bonds ) , tend to invest in hedge funds that avoid in - and - out trading , and are run mostly run by seasoned investment folk rather than tenderfoots .
And we can probably assume that Protégé Partners LP is one of the five , if only because its exclusion would leave the firm with the difficult job of explaining to its investors why the firm did n't care to bet on the success of its own hedge fund choices .
Fees : Big hurdle for Protégé
As for the fees that investors pay in the hedge fund world - and that , of course , is the crux of Buffett 's argument - they are both complicated and costly .
A fund of funds normally charges a 1 % annual management fee .
The hedge funds it puts that money into charge an annual management fee of their own , which for funds of funds is typically 1.5 % .
( The fees are paid quarterly by an investor and are figured on the value of his account at the time . )
So that 's 2.5 % of an investor 's capital that continually goes for these fees , regardless of the returns earned during a year .
In contrast , Vanguard 's S&P 500 index fund had an expense ratio last year of 15 basis points ( 0.15 % ) for ordinary shares and only seven basis points for Admiral shares , which are available to large investors .
Admiral shares are the ones " bought " by Buffett in the bet .
On top of the management fee , the hedge funds typically collect 20 % of any gains they make .
That leaves 80 % for the investors .
The fund of funds takes 5 % ( or more ) of that 80 % as its share of the gains .
The upshot is that only 76 % ( at most ) of the annual return made on an investor 's money accrues to him , with the rest going to the " helpers " that Buffett has written about .
Meanwhile , the investor is paying his inexorable management fee of 2.5 % on capital .
The summation is pretty obvious .
For Protégé to win this bet , the five funds of funds it has picked must do much , much better than the S&P .
And maybe they will .
Buffett himself assesses his chances of winning at only 60 % , which he grants is less of an edge than he usually likes to have .
Protégé figures its own probabilities of winning at a heady 85 % .
Some people will say , of course , that just by making this bet , Protégé has acquired some priceless publicity .
But then , Protégé clearly wants to win , and it's up against a man who has n't made a lot of losing bets in his life .
Seides himself sees one strong ray of light : " Fortunately for us , we 're betting against the S&P 's performance , not Buffett's . "
Who do you think will win this bet ?
Tell us what you think .
John McCain ’s daughter Meghan will be coming out with a children ’s book based on the life of her father ; the book will be published by Simon and Schuster just in time for the Republican National Convention in September .
Meghan McCain , known to some as a blogger , said in a prepared statement that “ I am truly excited about the opportunity to write a children 's book about my father , who is not only a fantastic dad , but also a great American . ”
That ’s great , and while it ’s clear that this will be a cleaned and scrubbed version of her Dad ’s American - ness , there are obviously things that wo n’t be included .
Here are a few samples of what you wo n’t be reading in the book :
1. When Daddy first met Mom , he was already married .
But it ’s okay , because his old wife was crippled and poor .
2. The Keating Five was a band that Daddy was in back in the 80s .
He does n’t like to talk about it very much , but I remember him yelling a lot about Keating singing like a canary .
3 . Daddy was n’t born in Arizona , but he still got elected to its 1st Congressional District barely two years after he moved there .
People called him a carpetbagger , but his war record sustained him .
Good thing this was before Swiftboating !
4. Daddy has pet names for Mommy , but they ’re not names that should ever be repeated outside the house , or from the mouths of children , and especially not in front of journalists .
5 . Having a nickname like “ McNasty ” in high - school was n’t so much about his swearing tirades and insulting manner , but was more like “ McLovin ” from Superbad .
Which makes him sort of cool , right ?
6 . He decided to call his bus the Straight Talk Express in 2004 , but could n’t do that in 2008 because fewer people could see it and not laugh out loud .
7 . But all daddies tease their wives and daughters about “ plastering the make - up on like a trollop , ” do n’t they ?
8. Daddy used to criticize Jerry Fallwell as being an “ agent of intolerance , ” but that was before Daddy understood the importance of the religious right to any national Republican campaign strategy , and realized that intolerance was n’t actually as bad as losing .
9 . Flip flopping sounds fun , but it ’s got nothing to do with trampolines when reporters talk about it .
In that case , they ’re talking about boring stuff like the Bush Tax Cuts or Roe vs. Wade .
10 .
After all , torture is n’t so bad if it ’s performed by the good guys ! -- Teague Bohlen
I have yet to meet a kid who does not like pizza .
So it ’s no wonder that pizza is the ultimate family favorite and easy dinner fallback .
According to American Heritage Magazine , 93 % of Americans eat pizza at least once a month .
That ’s pretty much right on target around my house , maybe even a bit more if work and school schedules get hectic .
With all that pizza , I could n't help but wonder if I was serving up the most eco-friendly pie .
Here 's how to green your pizza :
DIY
It : If it ’s a distance to your local pizza place , make your own pizza at home .
( Better yet , let your kids make it . )
You 'll save money on the pie and on the gas ( not to mention saving the planet )
Plan It : O.K. , I know pizza delivery is tempting , but unless your favorite spot delivers their pizza by bike or hybrid , avoid these unnecessary driving miles by picking up your pizza on the way home from school or work .
Order
It : Speaking of pizza places that delivery by bike or hybrid , each of these pizzerias are going the extra mile to go green , ( using organic ingredients , eco-friendly cleaners , recycled products , and in some cases … bikes and hybrids for deliveries . )
So if you ’re lucky enough to live near one , be sure to stop in for some planet - saving pizza .
Pizza Fusion : With a motto like “ Saving the Earth One Pizza at a Time , ” you just know you can feel good about the pizza at Pizza Fusion .
There are currently 22 Pizza Fusion locations across the U.S. Check out their site to see if there ’s one near you .
Galactic Pizza : Galactic Pizza serves up “ Pizza with a Conscience ” in uptown Minneapolis .
Amici ’s Pizza : Amici’s Pizza in Berkley , Michigan recently received green restaraunt certification from the Green Restaurants Association .
Veg It : Stick with cheese and veggies when dressing up your pizza .
These ingredients are healthier for you and for the planet .
( For more info , check out this old post on the environmental impact of eating beef . )
Recycle
It : Your cardboard pizza box is recyclable , but only if it ’s clean .
Grease / cheese / sauce covered cardboard really should n’t get tossed in with the recyclables as it could contaminate the whole lot , so tear those sections off and recycle the rest .
Reuse
It : Pizza boxes make excellent craft ( and unusual ) craft supplies .
Here are a few cool ideas to try :
Felt Box :
Use non-toxic glue to cover the inside of the pizza box top with felt .
Cut out assorted felt shapes and store them inside the box .
Voila !
A traveling felt kit !
Portfolio :
Use pizza boxes to store your child ’s art projects .
The size is perfect for holding all sizes of artwork and it fits neatly under the bed .
( Let kids jazz them up with stickers , markers , recycled paper , cut outs from old magazines , and paints . )
Wreath Box : A pizza box is the perfect size for storing your out - of - season wreaths .
Stepping Stone : Check out this DIY site to learn how to Check out this DIY site to learn how to make a garden stepping stone from a pizza box .
Solar Oven :
Here ’s one way to get cooking .
This site will show you how to Here ’s one way to get cooking .
This site will show you how to make a solar oven from a pizza box .
Got more pizza box craft ideas or know of another eco-friendly pizza joint ?
Share your ideas here ...
July 16 , 2008  --
Hundreds of rich Americans whose names and secret foreign bank account information were turned over to US tax authorities could face criminal prosecution .
A Senate committee is scheduled to convene tomorrow and among those called to testify are foreign bank account holders , including one of the wealthiest men in Los Angeles .
48 year - old Peter Lowy and his family own the giant Westfield shopping center fortune and will control the retail space in the rebuilt World Trade Center in New York .
Bob Bennett , a lawyer for Lowy , who is a prominent contributor to both Democratic and Republican candidates , told ABC News that Lowy 's name was on the list of secret accounts from a Liechtenstein bank but that Lowy did nothing wrong .
Bennett said Lowy is out of the country tomorrow and will not be available to testify .
For years , the LGT Bank in the tiny European principality of Liechtenstein , tucked between Austria and Switzerland , has been regarded as a safe haven for wealthy Americans trying to hide their money from the IRS .
It helps that the reigning prince there , Hans - Adams II , and his family own the bank and strictly enforce the country 's bank secrecy laws .
" Liechtenstein is regarded as one of the most secretive places in the world , " said John Christensen of the London - based Tax Justice Network .
But all that changed when a disgruntled computer technician at LGT , Heinrich Kieber , downloaded all the names and secret accounts on to two CDs and turned them over to tax authorities in the US and Europe .
" It completely exposed the fact that Liechtenstein is nothing but a place to hide your money from tax collectors , and any other police who might be interested , " said Kieber 's Washington - based attorney Jack Blum .
Kieber is now wanted in Liechtenstein for violating bank secrecy laws there , but his attorney says it is the tax cheats that are the real criminals .
" They are the people who are taking advantage of the rest of us , who are withholding and paying , " said Blum .
" They 're the crooks . "
LGT
Bank says that while the Royal Family does own the bank it does not " operate " the bank .
While LGT did decline to have officials testify before the Senate committee , they say they did provide a " compliance " officer who answered questions from Senate staffers for nearly ten hours last Friday .
( click here to read the full statement from LGT Bank )
Also called to testify tomorrow are current and former officials of the giant Swiss bank UBS , including the head of the private wealth management Americas office , Martin Liechti , who was briefly detained by US authorities in Miami in May .
In court documents , federal prosecutors say UBS bankers helped set up many of the secret accounts in Liechtenstein and , overall , hid as much $ 20 billion belonging to US citizens .
" Sums are enormous and UBS appears to have been particularly aggressive in the way they marketed their activities in the US and elsewhere , " said Christensen .
" So UBS is extremely vulnerable to losing their license in the US . "
One UBS banker , Bradley Birkenfeld , pleaded guilty last month and admitted to smuggling cash and diamonds for Americans trying to hide their wealth from the IRS .
In federal court documents obtained by ABC News , federal prosecutors allege that Birkenfeld 's bank trained bankers traveling to the US in " techniques to avoid detection " by law enforcement authorities , " including training bankers to falsely state on customs forms that they were traveling into the United States for pleasure and not business " .
Prosecutors say part of the Swiss bank scam was for the bank managers to have a third party who would set up sham entities for the US clients in tax havens , such as Panama or the British Virgin Islands , and pose as the owners of the entities .
" By concealing the US clients ' ownership and control in the assets held offshore , " the prosecutors say the Swiss bank and its managers " defrauded the IRS and evaded United States income taxes . "
( click here to read more of the court documents )
" The Americans were probably very shocked when their information wound up in the hands of the Internal Revenue Service , " said Blum .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
As expected , the reaction from some of the more extreme Trump supporters on social media was horrific to put it kindly .
Calling the South American undocumented immigrants violent criminals , animals , dogs , vermin , and an infestation .
The lack of ability to see these people as fellow humans who in many cases were just trying to make a better life for their family was frankly depressing .
Do n’t get me wrong , there were plenty of examples of Trump supporters who felt terribly for these people but simply prioritized our national safety above their lives .
While I disagree with these people , I can understand their feelings .
In the eyes of some of these Trump supporters however , these people had been reduced to a status that was somewhere just shy of human .
They were utterly unable to distinguish the fact that these asylum seekers were real people who felt that they were in such danger or desperation that they needed to pack up their family and what little they could carry , and flee to another country .
Leaving everything and everyone they know behind .
To those extreme Trump Supporters , these people were no longer people , but simply a scourge , an evil , a group to be removed for the good of the country .
Nothing more .
This process of " othering " can in it 's worst cases lead to individuals who become violently radicalized against people outside of the social group with whom they identify .
This is the mechanism which was weaponized by the Nazi 's during the holocaust , leading to the ostracization , then internment , and then eventually death of 6 million Jewish people .
Lest you think we are past this kind of horrific activity , it 's still in use to this day in places like Darfur , where a policy of ethnic cleansing has resulted in the deaths of nearly a half of a million people .
Unfortunately , this tendency towards othering ( at least to some degree ) is part of the fabric of our humanity .
Humans have always tended towards our tribal nature in one way or another .
From packs of hunter - gatherers millennia ago , to todays nations , religions , and even sports teams .
It 's our nature to seek out groups of like - minded people with whom you can identify .
It ’s one of the major reasons sports are so influential in our culture .
We all yearn for a team to root for and a team to vilify .
But as our culture becomes more global , and the world gets smaller , it becomes much more important to make sure we do as much as we can to not insulate ourselves .
and to treat our " others " with empathy .
Unfortunately , the more I look , the less empathy I see .
Studies have shown that Liberal / Progressively Minded people tend to be generally speaking more empathetic than conservatives , who tend to be more pragmatic .
But that liberal sense of empathy is trumped ( pun intended ) by our affiliations to our political groups .
So , I ’m sorry Liberals , but we are just as guilty in this death of empathy as anyone else .
The group liberals show the least empathy towards is none other than the Trump supporting Republicans themselves .
They are our “ other ” .
In fact , I bet some of the more liberal minded among you read the earlier parts of this article thinking to yourself about how terrible and evil those Trump loving Republicans are .
After all , how can anyone who is capable of thinking things that horrific have morals ?
How could anyone agree with their stance ?
The people who do agree must be just as bad , Right ?
How nice would it be to turn on that nightly news and not have to hear the horrible things that President Trump and his supporters say on a daily basis ?
I mean nothing that they say is of any real worth right ?
Perhaps , you 've even thought about how this country would be better if they were just gone altogether .
Never to be seen again ?
Congratulations !
You ’ve become exactly who and what you hate .
Do n't feel bad .
This path is a slippery downhill slope .
It ’s not hard to make one mistake , and slip a little , or make another , and slip even farther .
Falling until you no longer recognize where ( or perhaps even who ) you are .
It ’s easier than ever these days to find yourself hating and then slowly dehumanizing the people you disagree with .
That means that in these most trying times , it ’s more important than ever to remember that the people you argue and disagree with are still people .
People with loves , hatreds , interests , families .
You can disagree with them , dislike what they say , dislike what they stand for .
Heck you can dislike them entirely as people .
But please never forget that they are just that .
People .
And maybe , just maybe , we can try to remind those that we disagree with that WE are people as well .
We all could do with a bit more empathy .
I ’d hate to see it die out for good .
Because , when it does , I fear we will not be far behind .
Now some food for thought :
Netflix just sent out the following e-mail to notify customers that they are keeping the Profiles feature :
Todd on the Netflix Community Blog had the following to say :
For users of Profiles , I have good news to report : we will keep the feature with no plans to discontinue it .
We were persuaded by the well - reasoned , sincere responses of loyal members who very much value this feature .
As someone who enjoys helping his four - year - old daughter manage her one - DVD - at - a - time , G - rated sub - account , I identified with these thoughtful pleas to maintain Profiles .
Because of an ongoing desire to make our website easier to use , we believed taking a feature away that is only used by a very small minority would help us improve the site for everyone .
Listening to our members , we realized that users of this feature often describe it as an essential part of their Netflix experience .
Simplicity is only one virtue and it can certainly be outweighed by utility .
As for improving Profiles , there are no definite plans in place yet , but , like everything at Netflix , we seek to make it better and we are open to suggestions .
Non-users of the feature and new members will be able to access Profiles in 2 - 3 weeks .
Existing users will be able to continue their use , uninterrupted .
We apologize for any inconvenience the previous announcement caused .
Thanks to Sean , Dave , Chris , Chris , Holly , Adam , Arul , Ken , Doron , Andy , Joseph , Timothy , Brian , Simon , Robert , Jason , Matt , Katelyn , and everyone else for sending this in .
From fossil evidence , it appears that life may have existed on Earth as early as 3.5 billion years ago .
This suggests that life must have evolved sometime during Earth 's tumultuous first billion years .
How did life evolve ?
And what did early forms of life look like ?
Some scientists believe that the answers may be hiding in our cells , in molecules known as RNA .
Next :
What 's so special about RNA ?
Using advanced functional imaging methods , New York University neuroscientists have found that certain motion pictures can exert considerable control over brain activity .
Moreover , the impact of films varies according to movie content , editing , and directing style .
Because the study , which appears in Projections : The Journal for Movies and Mind , offers a quantitative neuroscientific assessment of the impact of different styles of filmmaking on viewers ' brains , it may serve as a valuable method for the film industry to better assess its products and offer a new method for exploring how the brain works .
The study 's authors are : Uri Hasson , Barbara Knappmeyer , Nava Rubin , and David Heeger , who hold appointments in NYU 's Department of Psychology and Center for Neural Science , as well as Ohad Landesman , a doctoral candidate in the Department of Cinema Studies at NYU 's Tisch School of the Arts , and Ignacio Vallines , a research scientist at the University of Munich .
The researchers relied on two methodological tools in their study : functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) and inter-subject correlation ( ISC ) analysis .
fMRI utilizes a magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scanner -- like that routinely used for clinical evaluation of human anatomy .
But it is reprogrammed to get a time - series of three - dimensional images of brain activity .
In a typical fMRI experiment , a time - series of brain activity images is collected while a stimulus or cognitive task is varied .
ISC analysis is employed to measure similarities in brain activity across viewers -- in this case , it compared the response in each brain region from one viewer to the response in the same brain region from other viewers .
Because all viewers were exposed to the same films , computing ISC on a region - by - region basis identified brain regions in which the responses were similar across viewers .
" In cinema , some films lead most viewers through a similar sequence of perceptual , emotional , and cognitive states , " the researchers wrote .
" Such a tight grip on viewers ' minds will be reflected in the similarity of the brain activity -- or high ISC - - across most viewers .
By contrast , other films exert -- either intentionally or unintentionally - - less control over viewers ' responses during movie watching .
In such cases we expect that there will be less control over viewers ' brain activity , resulting in low ISC . "
To stimulate subjects ' brain activity , the researchers showed them three motion picture clips : thirty minutes of Sergio Leone 's " The Good , the Bad and the Ugly " ; an episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents " Bang !
You 're Dead " ; and an episode of Larry David 's " Curb Your Enthusiasm . "
To establish a baseline , subjects viewed a clip of unstructured reality : a 10 - minute , unedited , one - shot video filmed during a concert in New York City 's Washington Square Park .
The results showed that ISC of responses in subjects ' neocortex -- the portion of the brain responsible for perception and cognition -- differed across the four movies :
The Hitchcock episode evoked similar responses across all viewers in over 65 percent of the neocortex , indicating a high level of control on viewers ' minds ;
High ISC was also extensive ( 45 percent ) for " The Good , the Bad and the Ugly " ;
Lower ISC was recorded for " Curb Your Enthusiasm " ( 18 percent ) and for the Washington Square Park , or unstructured reality , clip ( less than 5 percent )
" Our data suggest that achieving a tight control over viewers ' brains during a movie requires , in most cases , intentional construction of the film 's sequence through aesthetic means , " the researchers wrote .
" The fact that Hitchcock was able to orchestrate the responses of so many different brain regions , turning them on and off at the same time across all viewers , may provide neuroscientific evidence for his notoriously famous ability to master and manipulate viewers ' minds .
Hitchcock often liked to tell interviewers that for him ' creation is based on an exact science of audience reactions . ' "
However , the researchers emphasized that low and high ISC does not necessarily imply that the viewers were not attentive to or not engaged with the events in those films .
" ISC measures only the ability of the filmmaker to evoke similar responses across all viewers , " they wrote .
" Similar brain activity across viewers , or high ISC , can be taken as an indication that all viewers process and perceive the movie in a similar manner .
Variability in the brain activity across viewers -- that is , low ISC -- can be due to either a less engaged processing of the incoming information , which occurs when daydreaming , or due to an intensely engaged but variable processing of a movie sequence . "
For example , they add , an art film may demand an intense intellectual effort from viewers that differs from one viewer to the next , resulting in differences in neural activity .
Apart from the findings , the study points to a new method -- inter - subject correlation ( ISC ) of brain activity - - for measuring the effect of films on viewers ' minds , which may pave the way to an innovative approach the researchers label " neurocinematic " studies .
While they add that a cognitive science analysis of film is not new , functional imaging methods may be of use to both film theorists and the film industry by providing a quantitative , neuroscientific assessment of viewers ' engagement with a film .
###
Editor 's Note : Each Wednesday LiveScience examines the viability of emerging energy technologies — the power of the future .
A new energy concept called a solar tower could generate enough electricity for 200,000 homes .
Looking like a giant smokestack , it would release no noxious fumes — just sun-heated air .
Demonstrated more than 20 years ago , the basic design calls for solar collectors to warm the air near Earth 's surface and then channel it up the tall central tower .
Turbines placed at the bottom make electricity from the updraft .
" It 's a combination chimney , windmill , greenhouse , " said Kim Forté of EnviroMission Limited in South Melbourne , Australia .
EnviroMission has designed a kilometer - high solar tower ( 0.62 miles ) and is now looking at possible sites in the southwestern United States .
Solar - stack
The solar tower is an updated version of a solar chimney — a centuries - old technique for providing ventilation to a home by creating a natural updraft from sun-heated air .
The physics is also similar to the atmospheric vortex engine , where a man -made tornado funnels warm air up into the sky .
Even though this vortex could extend higher than a solid structure , only the solar tower has been demonstrated to work , Forté said .
In 1982 , a small prototype was installed in Manzanares , Spain .
Its tower was 195 - meters - tall and was surrounded by a transparent canopy that covered an area of about 244 meters in diameter .
As it was primarily a test facility , the maximum power output was only 50 kilowatts .
Inexpensive materials were purposefully used to minimize costs , but eventually a storm blew the tower over in 1989 .
In comparison , EnviroMission ’s design calls for a concrete tower that should last 50 years , Forté told LiveScience .
Up , up in the sky
The company 's plan is not only to build stronger , but also taller .
This allows for a greater temperature difference between the ground and the top of the tower , and this difference makes for more powerful suction up the chimney structure .
The optimum configuration is an 800 - to 1,000 - meter tower ( twice the height of the Empire State Building ) surrounded by a greenhouse canopy 1.5 miles ( 2.5 kilometers ) in radius on the ground .
" It is a sizeable footprint [ on the land ] , but with the rising cost of carbon fuels , it 's becoming more commercial , " Forté said .
On a sunny day , the air at the top of the tower would be 70 degrees Fahrenheit ( 20 degrees Celsius ) , whereas the air in the greenhouse could reach 160 degrees Fahrenheit ( 70 degrees Celsius ) .
As this hot air escapes up the tower at 34 mph ( 15 meters per second ) , it spins 32 turbines that generate up to 200 megawatts of electricity .
Even with all this power , the solar tower is less than one tenth as efficient as solar cells in converting the sun 's energy into electricity .
The advantage for a solar tower is that its materials are much less expensive .
A 200 - megawatt solar tower would cost upwards of a billion dollars to build .
According to a 2005 industry report , this would imply about 10 cents per kilowatt - hour , which is roughly a third of the cost of electricity from current solar cells .
However , a solar tower must be fairly big to be effective .
EnviroMission has recently developed a slightly smaller design that has a maximum output of 50 megawatts that may be appropriate in some markets .
Lacking sufficient financial support in Australia , the company is now in negotiations with SolarMission Technology Inc. , which owns the license to the technology in the United States .
Waiting on a deal , EnviroMission is evaluating the weather patterns at four U.S. sites .
Although the solar tower has less output at night , Forté said that it does supply a more constant supply of power during the day than simple wind turbines .
And compared to traditional technologies — such as coal , natural gas and nuclear — the solar tower is certain to have " fuel " in the future .
" We do know the sun will rise and set every day , " Forté said .
Bill Veghte , Microsoft 's senior vice president of Online Services & Windows Business Group , has written a letter addressed to " Windows Customers " in which he explains his company 's plans around the operating system that powers " more than 1 billion personal computers around the world . "
In the letter , he talks about Windows XP , Windows Vista , and the upcoming Windows 7 .
Most of what he says has already been announced , has been gathered from various sources , or has been speculated based on hints from Microsoft employees .
Nevertheless , it 's great to see the facts all in one place , and straight from the Microsoft 's mouth .
Here is a quick rundown on the key points from the letter , without any of the PR malarkey :
Windows XP 's " end of sales " date is still June 30 , 2008 .
After this date , XP cannot come preloaded on a new computer without the purchase of Vista , nor can it be purchased in retail .
XP Professional will be available with the purchase of Vista Business or Vista Ultimate .
This option from Microsoft is known as " downgrade rights " and essentially lets you legally use XP on your new PC , and move to Vista when you are ready without having to pay for an upgrade .
OEMs have already said they will support this .
XP Home and XP Starter will still be available on budget systems such as ULPCs .
System Builders will be able to purchase XP through Authorized Distributors until January 31 , 2009 .
Security updates and other critical updates for Windows XP will continue until April , 2014 .
As shown in a Microsoft report , Vista had half the number of critical vulnerabilities as XP SP2 did during 2007 .
PCs running Windows Vista were 60 percent less likely to be infected by malware than those running Windows XP Service Pack 2 .
Vista currently supports about 77,000 components and devices .
This is twice as many as supported at launch , meaning that Vista 's compatibility has significantly improved .
It looks like Ballmer 's quote of calling Vista a " work in progress " has a kernel of truth .
98 of the top 100 applications for Windows sold at retail in US in the last year in the categories of Finance , Business , System Utilities , Imaging / Graphics , Personal Productivity , and Education , are compatible with Vista .
Application Compatibility Updates , installed automatically through Windows Update , enable more than 125 popular PC games to work on Vista .
When compared to Vista RTM , Vista SP1 copies files up to 50 percent more quickly and decompresses contents of a large folder 71 percent faster .
Customers have told Microsoft they want broader support for devices and applications and so , Windows 7 will be based on Vista .
Microsoft plans to deliver Windows 7 approximately 3 years after the January 2007 general availability launch date of Windows Vista .
For those who need it said again , that means after 2009 .
Veghte also took the opportunity to emphasize that Vista is better than XP , but regardless of the user 's choice , he said that Microsoft strongly recommends the installation of the latest service pack .
Hopefully this quick rundown clarifies a lot of misconceptions around XP , Vista , and 7 ; thank you Veghte for taking the time to keep us customers in the loop .
Further reading
Essentially , as the administration has taken a more pragmatic approach to foreign policy , the decision of Mr. McCain to adhere to his more hawkish positions illustrates the continuing influence of neoconservatives on his thinking even as they are losing clout within the administration .
Whether the perception of Mr. McCain as being at odds with the administration is politically advantageous for him is a matter of debate among his supporters , but many of his more conservative advisers do not think it is a bad thing .
“ There ’s no doubt , particularly as Bush has adopted policies in the direction of Obama , that that gives Obama bragging rights , ” said John R. Bolton , the Bush administration ’s former ambassador to the United Nations , who has sharply criticized the administration ’s talks with Iran and North Korea .
“ But if you believe as I do that this administration is in the midst of an intellectual collapse , it does n’t hurt McCain .
Occasionally in politics it helps to be right . ”
But other Republicans  the so - called foreign policy pragmatists , many of whom have come to view the Iraq war as a mistake  say the administration ’s policy shifts highlight the more confrontational nature of Mr. McCain ’s foreign policy , particularly in his approach toward Russia and his embrace on Friday of the Dalai Lama , whom the Chinese regard as the fomenter of a rebellion in Tibet .
They say the meeting will only antagonize China before the Summer Olympics , and at a moment when the United States is seeking its cooperation on economic issues and negotiations with North Korea .
The divisions within the Republican foreign policy establishment continue at a time when Mr. Obama is trying to establish his own international credentials .
Republicans worry that he is seizing the chance , helped with the boost from Mr. Bush , to command the American foreign policy stage .
The Seaside core team is happy to announce the first official Seaside Sprint held in Amsterdam .
The Sprint starts right after the last ESUG presentation and is basically open ended :
August 29 , 2008 ( 14:00 ) - August 30 , 2008
The Seaside Sprint is intentionally planned outside Camp Smalltalk , because we want to be able to define the exact goals at the beginning of the Sprint where everybody is present .
We would be happy if people from the commercial vendors could join the effort , so that we can push the release of Seaside 2.9 together .
People proposing their own Seaside related projects or being interested joining the development team are very welcome as well .
The place where the Sprint is held has not been determined yet , but we are trying to get something organized where we can comfortably work .
It is supposed to be fun , but be prepared to work hard ;-)
See you in Amsterdam !
« previous post | next post »
Errors in punctuation sometimes result in misinterpretation , but they usually do n't arouse the moral outrage that plagiarism does .
Some should .
On June 24 , 1826 Thomas Jefferson wrote , in a letter to Roger C. Weightman :
May it be to the world , what I believe it will be , ( to some parts sooner , to others later , but finally to all , ) the signal of arousing men to burst the chains under which monkish ignorance and superstition had persuaded them to bind themselves , and to assume the blessings and security of self - government .
Yesterday , in an Independence Day speech at Monticello , President Bush quoted Jefferson 's letter as follows :
May it be to the world , what I believe it will be — to some parts sooner , to others later , but finally to all — the Signal of arousing men to burst the chains , and to assume the blessings and security of self - government .
A technically correct quotation omitting the words left out by Bush would be :
May it be to the world , what I believe it will be , ( to some parts sooner , to others later , but finally to all , ) the signal of arousing men to burst the chains … , and to assume the blessings and security of self - government .
Bush 's replacement of the original parentheses with dashes does n't really change anything , but his removal of the words " under which monkish ignorance and superstition had persuaded them to bind themselves " seriously distorts the meaning of the passage .
The original text makes clear that the bonds are those of religion and irrationalism , an important theme for Jefferson , a deist if not closet atheist who was very critical of conventional religion , while Bush 's version makes it seem that Jefferson is talking about liberty in general .
This is a relatively minor fraud since Jefferson did not believe that religion was the only source of oppression and had he made the effort Bush could easily have found a passage in which Jefferson was talking about liberty in general , but it is nonetheless a fraud .
Had Bush used ellipses , he would have alerted the reader to the fact that the quotation is incomplete .
In this case , where the omission of part of the text distorts its meaning , the very omission is improper , but the failure to at least warn about it compounds the offense .
P.S. I 'm sure someone is going to comment that Bush probably did n't write his speech himself .
I know that .
If he gives the speech , he is responsible for its content , and he is responsible for using staff who know and obey the rules .
The buck stops with him .
Permalink
Love or hate its nagging prompts , Vista 's Account Control feature ( UAC ) has a security feature that marks it out from any other type of Windows security programme -- it can spot rootkits before they install .
This is one finding buried in a report published in two German computer magazines some months ago after testing by the respected AV - Test.org , which set out to find out how well antivirus programs fared against known rootkits .
The answer was not particularly well at all , either for Windows XP , or Vista - oriented products .
Of 30 rootkits thrown at XP anti-malware scanners , none of the seven AV suites found all 30 , a similar story to the six web - based scanners assessed .
Only four of the 14 specialized anti-rootkit tools managed a perfect score .
Best Protection
The best of the all - purpose suites was Avira AntiVir Premium Security Suite , which found 29 active rootkits , with Norton finding as few as 18 .
The anti-rootkit tools fared better , with AVG Anti-Rootkit Free , GMER , Rootkit Unhooker LE , and Trend Micro Rootkit Buster achieving perfect scores .
The scores for removal were patchy , however , with all failing to remove any of the rootkits they had found .
The results for Vista products were harder to assess because only six rootkits could run on the OS , but the testers had to turn off UAC to get even this far .
Vista 's UAC itself spotted everything thrown in front of it .
Only three of the 17 AV tools for Vista managed to both detect and successfully remove them , F - Secure Anti-Virus 2008 , Panda Security Antivirus 2008 , and Norton Antivirus 2008 .
Once on a PC , rootkits can bury themselves quietly , but they have to get to that point first .
As long as users interpret prompts from the UAC system attentively , or those messages have n't in some way been spoofed , rootkits struggle to jump to the PC without drawing attention to themselves .
That UAC can tell a user when a rootkit is trying to install itself is not in itself surprising , as Vista is supposedly engineered from the ground up to intercept all applications requests of any significance .
Danger of Rootkits
Rootkits matter .
By their nature , they set out to bypass the operating system .
Once installed , they can do whatever they like , including loading other malware from a position of privilege .
The question is , how can one be sure that a scanner is spotting a type of program built on the principle of extreme stealth ?
An interesting footnote to the XP rootkit testing was that the samples chosen included three ' professsional ' rootkits , apparently legitimate programs designed to enforce things such as copy protection .
The most infamous example of this category included is the Sony XCP / First4 Internet rootkit , which caused the company so much embarrassment when it was discovered in 2005 .
But in a period of weeks when Vista has received criticism for its rate of vulnerabilities , Microsoft 's programmers can at least point to evidence that UAC is efficient at stopping those infections from happening automatically .
This story , " Vista 's Despised UAC Nails Rootkits , Tests Find " was originally published by Techworld.com .
pg8000 is a DB - API 2.0 compatible Pure - Python interface to the PostgreSQL database engine .
It is one of many PostgreSQL interfaces for the Python programming language .
pg8000 is somewhat distinctive in that it is written entirely in Python and does not rely on any external libraries ( such as a compiled python module , or PostgreSQL ’s libpq library ) .
pg8000 is available for Python 2.5 and 2.6 ( and likely future 2.x releases ) ; an actively maintained and fully functional Python 3 branch of pg8000 called pg8000 - py3 is also available .
pg8000 ’s name comes from the belief that it is probably about the 8000th PostgreSQL interface for Python .
pg8000 is distributed under the terms of a modified BSD license .
BERLIN .
Die Pflicht zur Aufrüstung der Kassen ist Teil einer geplanten Änderung des Sozialgesetzbuches , die die Bekämpfung der Schwarzarbeit erleichtern soll .
Auszüge des Referentenentwurfs aus dem Arbeitsministerium von Olaf Scholz ( SPD ) liegen dem Handelsblatt vor .
Am 30 .
Juli soll der Entwurf vom Kabinett verabschiedet werden .
Den Protest der Händler gegen das Vorhaben unterstützen die übrigen sieben Spitzenverbände der deutschen Wirtschaft .
Ihr Ärger über immer neue Steuerbürokratie ist inzwischen in Wut auf die Steuerbeamten in Steinbrücks Ministerium umgeschlagen .
In einem außergewöhnlich harschen Schreiben an Steuerabteilungsleiter Florian Scheurle beschweren sie sich gegen das ebenfalls geplante Steuerbürokratieabbau - Gesetz .
Das Ministerium setze den Verbänden " unangemessen kurze Stellungsnahmefristen , die kaum eine seriöse Stellungnahme ermöglichen .
Es könnte fast vermutet werden , dass dies auch nicht erwünscht ist " , heißt es in dem Schreiben , das dem Handelsblatt vorliegt .
Die Regierung lobe sich selbst für minimalen Bürokratieabbau - und schicke gleichzeitig Bürokratiemonster wie den neuen Ladenkassenchip auf die Wirtschaft los .
Auch der Normenkontrollrat hatte schleppenden Bürokratieabbau der Regierung bemängelt .
Ein Sprecher des Bundesfinanzministeriums wies die Kritik zurück .
" Man kann immer sagen , dass es nie genug ist mit dem Bürokratieabbau " , sagte er. Die Wirtschaft müsse aber auch zur Kenntnis nehmen , dass es eine Steuerverwaltung ganz ohne Bürokratie nicht geben könne .
Über die Aufrüstung der Ladenkassen werde seit 2004 diskutiert : Damals habe der Bundesrechnungshof dies verlangt - auch um die ehrlichen Umsatzsteuerzahler vor Händlern zu schützen , die ihre Kassen allzu leicht manipulieren könnten .
Pro Kasse koste das neue Lesegerät für die Smartcard etwa 50 Euro .
Der Handel spricht dagegen von mehr als 1 000 Euro pro Kasse .
Nicht alle Kassen seien nachrüstbar ; dagegen würden bei den modernen Systemen die Daten ohnehin schon gespeichert .
Sturm läuft auch das Taxigewerbe , dessen Taxameter ebenfalls zum automatischen Umsatzsteuer - und Sozialabgaben - Kontrolleur umgebaut werden sollen .
BMW presents GINA , a new take on car design , materials , and flexibility .
The GINA replaces the traditional metal / plastic skin with a textile fabric skin that ’s pulled taut around a frame of metal and carbon fiber wires .
Even the shape of the car can change .
Fascinating and creative design study .
The rear lights just shine through the skin :
Here ’s a video of the design in action .
Worried that the GT TV update was the only thing we ’d see come August 1st ?
Well , panic over , looks like the update ( which is apparently 233MB ) will see plenty of other cool stuff too , including tweaks to the physics and rules when racing online .
There ’s still no private races , new tracks or weather , but we ’re sure they ’re coming .
Improvement in Download Speed
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
Improvements in download speeds for online updates and content
Gran Turismo TV
Start of PPV ( Pay Per View ) service
It is now possible to fast forward , rewind , or move between chapters when viewing video content .
It is possible now to have up to 8 simultaneous background downloads running at the same time .
Individual downloads can now be paused or resumed .
Distribution of Expansion Data
Instant distribution feature of My Page backgrounds added
Race
Improvements in penalty judgments
Improved physics during collisions between cars in Online races .
Time Trial
The tire selection in Arcade time trials changed from “ S2 ” fixed , to “ N1 - S2 ”
Ranking
It is now possible to display top lap times in all courses in a list .
Improvements in the user interface
Common Vehicle Physics
Improved controllability when using S1 - S3 , and R1 - R3 tires .
Changed calculation rules for performance points .
Option
Added [ Standard Definition ( SD ) Display Size ] in [ Display Settings ]
Moved the [ Temperature ] unit setting from [ Network ] to [ Units ]
Added Expansion Data settings and Advanced Download Option settings in [ Network ]
Sound
6 BGM tracks added
Online race network specifications changed
Added port 5658 to the ports used in Online races .
Other
Players matched in Online races now added to the [ Friends ] → [ Players Met ] menu within Playstation 3 .
The time and score from replays of time trials , drift trials , and distributed demo replays are now displayed after their replay .
For distributed demo’s , the Online ID is also displayed here .
Manual updated
Source .
DIGG THIS
Today ’s post on the mega - bases in Iraq represents but one of the missing stories of the Bush years that TomDispatch has been dedicated to covering .
The site ’s new book , The World According to TomDispatch : America in the New Age of Empire , just published , is , in essence , a striking history of the missing stories of our mad age , the stories the mainstream media chose to ignore .
I urge TomDispatch readers to pick up a copy .
It ’s a great way to support the site and — if you care to give it to a friend — to introduce others to a source of information that has , for years , been an “ antidote to the mainstream media . ”
If you can , do recommend the book and the site to your private e-lists and suggest , as well , that people consider going to TomDispatch.com to sign up — in the window at the upper right of the main screen — for the regular emails indicating that a new post has gone up .
There will be surprises galore this summer as TomDispatch explores the Bush legacy and whether what the Bush administration has embedded in our lives can ever be unbuilt .
You can also check out a video in which I discuss the issue of the missing mega - bases in Iraq , now finally in the news , by clicking here .
The Greatest Story Never Told Finally , the U.S. Mega - Bases in Iraq Make the News
It ’s just a $ 5,812,353 contract — chump change for the Pentagon — and not even one of those notorious “ no - bid ” contracts either .
Ninety - eight bids were solicited by the Army Corps of Engineers and 12 were received before the contract was awarded this May 28th to Wintara , Inc. of Fort Washington , Maryland , for “ replacement facilities for Forward Operating Base Speicher , Iraq . ”
According to a Department of Defense press release , the work on those “ facilities ” to be replaced at the base near Saddam Hussein ’s hometown , Tikrit , is expected to be completed by January 31 , 2009 , a mere 11 days after a new president enters the Oval Office .
It is but one modest reminder that , when the next administration hits Washington , American bases in Iraq , large and small , will still be undergoing the sort of repair and upgrading that has been ongoing for years .
In fact , in the last five - plus years , untold billions of taxpayer dollars have been spent on the construction and upgrading of those bases .
When asked back in the fall of 2003 , only months after Baghdad fell to U.S. troops , Lt. Col .
David Holt , the Army engineer then “ tasked with facilities development ” in Iraq , proudly indicated that “ several billion dollars ” had already been invested in those fast - rising bases .
Even then , he was suitably amazed , commenting that “ the numbers are staggering . ”
Imagine what he might have said , barely two and a half years later , when the U.S. reportedly had 106 bases , mega to micro , all across the country .
By now , billions have evidently gone into single massive mega- bases like the U.S. air base at Balad , about 60 miles north of Baghdad .
It ’s a “ 16 - square - mile fortress , ” housing perhaps 40,000 U.S. troops , contractors , special ops types , and Defense Department employees .
As the Washington Post ’s Tom Ricks , who visited Balad back in 2006 , pointed out — in a rare piece on one of our mega - bases — it ’s essentially “ a small American town smack in the middle of the most hostile part of Iraq . ”
Back then , air traffic at the base was already being compared to Chicago ’s O’Hare International or London ’s Heathrow — and keep in mind that Balad has been steadily upgraded ever since to support an “ air surge ” that , unlike the President ’s 2007 “ surge ” of 30,000 ground troops , has yet to end .
Building Ziggurats
While American reporters seldom think these bases — the most essential U.S. facts on the ground in Iraq — are important to report on , the military press regularly writes about them with pride .
Such pieces offer a tiny window into just how busily the Pentagon is working to upgrade and improve what are already state - of - the - art garrisons .
Here ’s just a taste of what ’s been going on recently at Balad , one of the largest bases on foreign soil on the planet , and but one of perhaps five mega - bases in that country :
Consider , for instance , this description of an air - field upgrade from official U.S. Air Force news coverage , headlined : “ ‘ Dirt Boyz ’ pave way for aircraft , Airmen ” :
“ In less than four months , Balad Air Base Dirt Boyz have placed and finished more than 12,460 feet of concrete and added approximately 90,000 square feet of pavement to the airfield …
Without the extra pavement courtesy of the Dirt Boyz , fewer aircraft would be able to be positioned and maintained at Balad AB .
Having fewer aircraft at the base would directly affect the Air Force ’s ability to place surveillance assets in the air and to drop munitions on targets …
The ongoing flightline projects at Balad AB consist of concrete pad extensions that will provide occupation surfaces for multiple aircraft of various types . ”
Or here ’s a proud description of what Detachment 6 of the 732nd Expeditionary Civil Engineer Squadron did on its recent tour in Balad :
“ ‘ We constructed more than 25,000 square feet of living , dining and operations buildings from the ground up , ’ said Staff Sgt. John Wernegreen …
‘ This project gave the [ U.S. ]
Army ’s [ 3rd Squadron , 2nd Stryker Cavalry Regiment ] and Iraqi army [ soldiers ] a place to carry out their mission of controlling the battlespace around the Eastern Diyala Province . ' ”
And here ’s a caption , accompanying an Air Force photo of work at Balad : “ Airmen of the 407th Expeditionary Civil Engineer Squadron pavement and equipment team repair utility cuts here June 11 .
The team replaced approximately 30 cubic meters of concrete over newly installed power line cables . ”
And another : “ Expeditionary Civil Engineer Squadron heavy equipment operator , contours a new sidewalk here , June 10 .
Sidewalk repair is being accomplished throughout the base housing area to eliminate tripping hazards . ”
( The sidewalks on such bases go with bus routes , traffic lights , and speeding tickets — in a country parts of which the U.S. has helped turn into little more than a giant pothole . )
Or how about this caption for a photo of military men on upgrade duty working on copper cable as “ part of the new tents to trailers project . ”
It ’s little wonder that , in another rare piece , NPR ’s defense correspondent Guy Raz reported , in October 2007 , that Balad was “ one giant construction project , with new roads , sidewalks , and structures going up … all with an eye toward the next few decades . ”
Think of this as the greatest American story of these years never told — or more accurately , since there have been a few reports on a couple of these mega - bases — never shown .
After all , what an epic of construction this has been , as the Pentagon built a series of fortified American towns , each some 15 to 20 miles around , with many of the amenities of home , including big name fast - food franchises , PXes , and the like , in a hostile land in the midst of war and occupation .
In terms of troops , the President may only have put his “ surge ” strategy into play in January 2007 , but his Pentagon has been “ surging ” on base construction since April 2003 .
Now , imagine as well that hundreds of thousands of Americans have passed through these mega- bases , including the enormous al - Asad Air Base ( sardonically nicknamed “ Camp Cupcake ” for its amenities ) in the Western desert of Iraq , and the ill - named ( or never renamed ) Camp Victory on the edge of Baghdad .
Troops have surged through these bases , of course .
Private contractors galore .
Hired guns .
Pentagon officials .
Military commanders .
Top administration figures .
Visiting Congressional delegations .
Presidential candidates .
And , of course , the journalists .
It has been , for instance , a commonplace of these years to see a TV correspondent reporting on the situation in Iraq , or what the American military had to say about Iraq , from Baghdad ’s enormous Camp Victory .
And yet , if you think about it , that camera , photographing ABC ’s fine reporter Martha Raddatz or other reporters on similar stop - overs , never pans across the base itself .
You do n’t even get a glimpse , unless you have access to homemade G.I. videos or Pentagon - produced propaganda .
Similarly , last year , the President landed at Camp Cupcake for a meeting with Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki with reporters in tow .
You could see shots of him getting off the plane ( just as he does everywhere ) , goofing around with troops , or shaking hands with the Iraqi prime minister but , as far as I know , none of the reporters with him stayed on to give us a view of the base itself .
Imagine if just about no one knew that the pyramids had been built .
Ditto the Great Wall of China .
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon .
The Coliseum .
The Eiffel Tower .
The Statue of Liberty .
Or any other architectural wonder of the world you ’d care to mention .
After all , these giant bases , rising from the smashed birthplace of Western civilization , were not only built on ( and sometimes out of bits of ) the ancient ruins of that land , but are functionally modern ziggurats .
They are the cherished monuments of the Bush administration .
Even though its spokespeople have regularly refused to use the word “ permanent ” in relation to them — in fact , in relation to any U.S. base on the planet — they have been built to long outlast the Bush administration itself .
They were , in fact , clearly meant to be key garrisons of a Pax Americana in the Middle East for generations to come .
And , not surprisingly , they reek of permanency .
They are the unavoidable essence — unless , like most Americans , you do n’t know they ’re there — of Bush administration planning in Iraq .
Without them , no discussion of Iraq policy in this country really makes sense .
And that , of course , is what makes their missing - in- action quality on the American landscape so striking .
Yes , a couple of good American reporters have written pieces about one or two of them , but most Americans , as we know , get their news from television and — though no one can watch all the news that flows , 24/7 , into American living rooms , it ’s a reasonable bet that a staggering percentage of Americans have never had the opportunity to see the remarkable structures their tax dollars have paid for , and continue to pay for , in occupied Iraq .
This is the sort of thing you might expect of Bush - style offshore prisons , or gulags , or concentration camps .
And yet Americans have regularly and repeatedly seen what Guantanamo looks like .
They have seen something of what Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq looks like .
But not the bases .
Perhaps one explanation lies in this :
On rare occasions when Americans are asked by pollsters whether they want “ permanent bases ” in Iraq , significant majorities answer in the negative .
You can only assume that , as on many other subjects , the Bush administration preferred to fly under the radar screen on this one — and the media generally concurred .
And let ’s remember one more base , though it ’s never called that : the massive imperial embassy , perhaps the biggest on the planet , being built , for nearly three - quarters of a billion dollars , on a nearly Vatican - sized 104 - acre plot of land inside the Green Zone in Baghdad .
It will be home to 1,000 “ diplomats . ”
It will cost an estimated $ 1.2 billion a year just to operate .
With its own electricity and water systems , its anti-missile defenses , recreation , “ retail and shopping ” areas , and “ blast - resistant ” work spaces , it is essentially a fortified citadel , a base inside the fortified American heart of the Iraq capital .
Like the mega - bases , it emits an aura of American , not Iraqi , “ sovereignty . ”
It , too , is being built “ for the ages . ”
A Land Grab , American - style
The issue of the mega - bases in Iraq first surfaced barely days after Baghdad had fallen .
It was on April 20 , 2003 , to be exact , and on the front - page of the New York Times in a piece headlined , “ Pentagon Expects Long - Term Access to Key Iraq Bases . ”
Thom Shanker and Eric Schmitt wrote : “ American military officials , in interviews this week , spoke of maintaining perhaps four bases in Iraq that could be used in the future , ” including what became Camp Victory .
The story , and the very idea of “ permanent ” bases , was promptly denied by Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld — then essentially disappeared from the news for years .
( To this day , again as far as I know , the New York Times has never written another significant front - page story on the subject . )
Now , however , the bases are , suddenly and startlingly , in the news ( and , of course , being written about and discussed on TV as if they had long been part of everyday media analysis ) .
This week , in fact , they hit the front page of the Washington Post , due to protests by Iraqi leaders close to the Bush administration .
They were angered by , and leaking like mad about , American strong - arm tactics in negotiations for a long - term Status of Forces Agreement ( SOFA ) that would officially embed American - controlled bases in Iraq for the long - term , potentially tie the hands of a future American president on Iraq policy , and represent a sovereignty grab of the first order .
( A typical comment from a pro-Maliki Iraqi politician in that Post piece : “ The Americans are making demands that would lead to the colonization of Iraq … ” )
The growing Iraqi protests — in the streets , in parliament , and among the negotiators — certainly helped spark coverage in this country .
A persistent and intrepid British reporter , Patrick Cockburn of The Independent , helpfully broke the story of Bush administration demands days before it became significant news here .
But most of the credit should really go to the Bush administration itself , which , despite the long - term flow of events in Iraq , still wanted it all .
Greed , coupled with desperation , seems to have done the trick .
In all the years of the occupation , the officials of this administration have had a tin ear for the post - colonial era they inhabit .
It ’s never penetrated their consciousness that the greatest story of the twentieth century was the way previously subjected and colonized peoples had gained ( or regained ) their sovereignty .
The administration indicated this , back in 2003 , with its very dream of garrisoning a major , potentially hostile , intensely nationalistic Arab nation in the heart of the oil lands of the planet .
That the building of enormous American bases and the basing of troops in relatively peaceful Saudi Arabia after the First Gulf War led to disaster — think : Osama bin Laden — mattered not a whit to top administration officials .
It could n’t have been clearer just how little they cared for Iraqi sovereignty or pride when L. Paul Bremer III , George W. Bush ’s personal representative and viceroy in Baghdad , before officially “ returning sovereignty ” to the Iraqis in June 2004 , signed the infamous ( though , in this country , little noted ) Order 17 .
As the law of the land in Iraq , among other things , it ensured that all foreigners involved in the occupation project would be granted “ freedom of movement without delay throughout Iraq , ” and neither their vessels , nor their vehicles , nor their aircraft would be “ subject to registration , licensing or inspection by the [ Iraqi ] Government . ”
Nor in traveling would foreign diplomats , soldiers , consultants , security guards , or any of their vehicles , vessels , or planes be subject to “ dues , tolls , or charges , including landing and parking fees , ” and so on .
When it came to imports , including “ controlled substances , ” there were to be no customs fees or inspections , taxes , or much of anything else ; nor was there to be the slightest charge for the use of Iraqi “ headquarters , camps , and other premises ” occupied , nor for the use of electricity , water , or other utilities .
And all private contractors were to have total immunity from prosecution anywhere in the country .
This was , of course , freedom as theft .
Order 17 would have seemed familiar to any nineteenth century European colonialist .
It granted what used to be termed “ extraterritoriality ” to Americans .
Think of it as a giant get - out - of - jail - free card for an occupying nation .
Now , imagine , that , even after years of disaster , even in a state of discontrol , with unsecured global oil supplies surging toward $ 140 a barrel , the Bush administration remained in the same Order 17 frame of mind .
They began their negotiations with the Iraqis accordingly .
Cockburn ( and other journalists subsequently ) would report that they were asking for Order 17 — style immunity for the U.S. military and all private contractors in the country , as well as the use of up to 58 bases , even though they evidently “ only ” had 30 major ones in the country .
( A leading politician of the Badr Organization claimed that American negotiators were actually pushing for the use of a startling 200 facilities across the country . )
They also evidently insisted on control over Iraqi air space up to 29,000 feet , the right to bring troops in and out of the country without informing the Iraqis , and the right to “ conduct military operations in Iraq and to detain individuals when necessary for imperative reasons of security , ” again without notification to the Iraqis , no less approval of any sort .
They may even have insisted on the freedom to strike other countries from their Iraqi bases , again without consultation or approval .
In addition , reported Cockburn , they were attempting to force their Iraqi counterparts to agree to such a deal by threatening to deny them at least $ 20 billion in Iraqi oil funds on deposit in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Gulf News reported as well that , under the American version of the agreement , “ Iraqi security institutions such as Defense , Interior and National Security ministries , as well as armament contracts , will be under American supervision for ten years . ”
This was partially confirmed by the Washington Post ’s Walter Pincus , who reported on a multi - year contract just awarded to a private contractor by the Pentagon to supply “ mentors to officials with Iraq ’s Defense and Interior ministries … [ who ] would ‘ advise , train [ and ] assist … particular Iraqi officials . ' ”
Had the Bush administration exhibited the slightest constraint , they might have constructed a far more cosmetic version of the permanent garrisoning of Iraq .
They might have officially turned the mega - bases over to the Iraqis and leased them back for next to nothing .
They could have let the stunning facts they had built on the ground speak for themselves .
They could have offered “ joint commands ” and other palliative remedies ( as they are now evidently considering doing ) that would have made their long - term sovereignty grab look far less significant — without necessarily being so .
But their ability to strategize outside the ( Bush ) box has long been limited .
Think of them as “ the me generation ” on steroids , going global and imperial .
Or give them credit for consistency .
They ’re mad dreamers who still can’t wake up , even when they find themselves in a roomful of smelling salts .
Instead , with their secret SOFA negotiations , they ’ve attempted to fly under the radar screens of both the U.S. Congress and the Iraqi people .
They wanted to embed permanent bases and a long - term policy of occupation in Iraq in perpetuity without letting the matter rise to the level of a treaty .
( Hence , no advice and consent from the U.S. Senate . )
Not surprisingly , this episode , too , is threatening to end in debacle .
The Iraqi leadership is in virtual revolt .
Across the political spectrum , as Tony Karon of the Rootless Cosmopolitan blog has written , the negotiations have forced upon the Iraqis “ a kind of snap survey or straw poll … on the long - term U.S. presence , and goals for Iraq ” from which the Americans are likely to emerge the losers .
The idea of timetables for American departure is again being floated in Iraq .
According to Reuters , “ A majority of the Iraqi parliament has written to Congress rejecting a long - term security deal with Washington if it is not linked to a requirement that U.S. forces leave , ” and unnamed American officials are now beginning to mutter about no SOFA deal being achieved before the Bush administration leaves office .
The administration ’s man in Baghdad , Prime Minister Maliki , has declared the initial U.S. proposal at a “ dead end ” and has even begun threatening to ask American forces to leave when their UN mandate expires at year ’s end .
( Though much of this may be bluff on his part , what choice does he have ?
Given Iraqi attitudes toward being garrisoned forever by the U.S. military , no Iraqi leader could remain in a position of even passing power and agree to such terms .
It would be like stamping and sealing your own execution order . )
The Sadrists are in the streets protesting the American presence and their leader has just called for a “ new militia offensive ” against U.S. forces .
The pro-Iranian , but American - backed , Badrists are outraged .
( “ Is there sovereignty for Iraq — or is n’t there ?
If it is left to [ the Bush administration ] , they would ask for immunity even for the American dogs . ” )
The Iranians are vehemently voting no .
Opinion in the region , whether Shiite or Sunni , seems to be following suit .
The U.S. Congress is up in arms , demanding more information and possibly heading for hearings on the SOFA agreement and the bases .
Presidential candidate Barack Obama has insisted that any deal be submitted to Congress , the very thing the Bush administration has organized for more than a year to avoid .
And miracle of all miracles , the mainstream media is finally writing about the bases as if they mattered .
Someday , before this is over , all of us may actually see what was built in our names with our dollars .
That will be a shock , especially when you consider what the Bush administration has proved incapable of building , or rebuilding , in New Orleans and elsewhere in this country .
In the meantime , the President appears headed for yet another self - inflicted defeat .
Sources for this piece and further reading :
In his recent articles , as in his past unembedded reporting , Patrick Cockburn has shown what a good journalist can still do for the rest of us .
Special thanks go to Nick Turse for his superb and speedy research on this piece and to Christopher Holmes for superb proofreading on demand .
In gathering material , I ’ve also relied on a number of sites , including Juan Cole ’s invaluable Informed Comment blog ( which I visit daily without fail ) , those splendid hunter - gatherers of the news at Antiwar.com and Cursor.org ’s daily Media Patrol , Dan Froomkin ’s superb White House Watch blog in the Washington Post , and sharp - eyed Paul Woodward at his War in Context blog .
For those of you who want to get a little more sense of the endless base - building activities of the Bush administration , check out the chatty newsletter ( PDF file ) of the Redhorse Association , “ a group of past and present members of the U.S. Air Force Prime Beef and Red Horse combat engineer units . ”
The Best of Tom Engelhardt
Several studies over the past decade or so have shown
Mars used to be warmer and wetter , but scientists are still trying to pin down the details of the Red Planet ’s early history .
A new study finds additional evidence that early Mars was wet — really wet — and also that its atmosphere was much thicker than today .
Early Mars would have been saturated , with air density 20 times what it is now , according to Georgia Tech Assistant Professor Josef Dufek .
Currently , the Martian atmosphere is less than 1 percent the density of Earth ’s .
Liquid water can’t last long , if at all , on the surface ( though other studies indicate there is much ice , and perhaps liquid water , beneath the surface ) .
Dufek is analyzing ancient volcanic eruptions and surface observations by the Mars rover Spirit .
His new findings are published by the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
“ Atmospheric pressure has likely played a role in developing almost all Mars ’ surface features , ” he said .
“ The planet ’s climate , the physical state of water on its surface and the potential for life are all influenced by atmospheric conditions . ”
Dufek ’s first research tool was a rock fragment propelled into the Martian atmosphere during a volcanic eruption roughly 3.5 billion years ago .
The deposit landed in the volcanic sediment , created a divot ( or bomb sag ) , eventually solidified and remains in the same location today .
Dufek ’s next tool was the Mars rover .
In 2007 , Spirit landed at that site , known as Home Plate , and took a closer look at the imbedded fragment .
Dufek and his collaborators at the University of California - Berkeley received enough data to determine the size , depth and shape of the bomb sag .
Dufek and his team then went to the lab to create bomb sags of their own .
They created beds of sand using grains the same size as those observed by Spirit .
The team propelled particles of varying materials ( glass , rock and steel ) at different speeds into dry , damp and saturated sand beds before comparing the divots with the bomb sag on Mars .
No matter the type of particle , the saturated beds consistently produced impact craters similar in shape to the Martian bomb sag .
By varying the propulsion speeds , Dufek ’s team also determined that the lab particles must hit the sand at a speed of less than 40 meters per second to create similar penetration depths .
In order for something to move through Mars ’ atmosphere at that peak velocity , the pressure would have to be a minimum of 20 times more dense than current conditions , which suggests that early Mars must have had a thicker atmosphere .
“ Our study is consistent with growing research that early Mars was at least a transiently watery world with a much denser atmosphere than we see today , ” said Dufek .
“ We were only able to study one bomb sag at one location on the Red Planet .
We hope to do future tests on other samples based on observations by the next rover , Curiosity . ”
Curiosity is scheduled to land on Mars in early August .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
The Nobel - prizewinning IPCC is among the bodies that lodged complaints A controversial Channel 4 film on global warming broke Ofcom rules , the media regulator says .
The Great Global Warming Swindle attracted various complaints , including claims that it misled contributors .
In a long - awaited judgement , Ofcom says Channel 4 did not fulfil obligations to be impartial and to reflect a range of views on controversial issues .
However , it judges that the film did not mislead audiences " so as to cause harm or offence " .
Channel 4 said it aired the documentary to demonstrate that " the debate " on climate change was not over .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and the former UK government chief scientific adviser Sir David King were among those whose complaints were upheld .
The film's key contention was that the increase in atmospheric temperatures observed since the 1970s was not primarily caused by emissions of greenhouse gases from burning fossil fuels .
First aired by Channel 4 in March 2007 , the documentary has since reportedly been sold to 21 countries and distributed on DVD .
What we now have is an out - and - out propaganda piece , in which there is not even a gesture toward balance
Dr Carl Wunsch Among discussion groups of " climate sceptics " , it is sometimes cited as a counter to Al Gore 's documentary An Inconvenient Truth and has been credited with infuencing public opinion on the causes of modern - day climate change .
' Propaganda piece '
The regulator backed Sir David 's complaint of unfair treatment , judging that his views were misrepresented and that he was not given the right to reply .
Ofcom also found in favour of Carl Wunsch , an oceanographer interviewed for the programme , who said he had been misled as to its intent .
Dr Wunsch , from the Massachussetts Institute of Technology , said he believed he was being asked to take part in a programme that would " discuss in a balanced way the complicated elements of understanding of climate change " , but " what we now have is an out - and - out propaganda piece , in which there is not even a gesture toward balance " .
The Broadcasting Code requires Channel 4 to show " due impartiality " on " matters of major political and industrial controversy and major matters relating to current public policy " .
The last segment of the programme , dealing with the politics of climate change , broke this obligation , Ofcom judged , and did not reflect a range of views , as required under the code .
However , the regulator said it did not believe , given the nature of the programme , that this led to the audience being " materially misled so as to cause harm or offence " - the standard that Ofcom says complaints have to reach .
Ofcom 's logic is that " the link between human activity and global warming ... became settled before March 2007 " .
This being so , it says , disputing the scientific link between human activity and climate change does not meet the Broadcasting Code 's definition of " controversial " .
While some of the 265 complaints received by Ofcom were short and straightforward , one group assembled a 176 - page document alleging 137 breaches of the Broadcasting Code .
Channel 4 will have to broadcast a summary of the Ofcom findings .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
During the San Diego Comic - Con , Fox has premiered the first footage from the third “ ” DVD that will be hitting stores on November 4th .
The name of the new movie is “ ” and in addition to the footage , the studio has also unveiled the poster , which could end up being on the cover of the DVD .
The description simply reveals that the Planet Express crew gets trapped in a fantasy world , but judging by the footage , it is more than that .
The next “ Futurama ” DVD movie is Bender ’s Game , a takeoff on Dungeons & Dragons , tentatively scheduled for Nov. 4 , story co-creator David X. Cohen says .
“ It ’s our first foray into fantasy , ” he says .
“ It ’s visually spectacular . ”
The fourth feature will be done sometime this fall and released in the spring , he says .
Remember , he says that release date is “ tentative ” , so it could be subject to change .
EA To Use Controversial Internet - Required DRM On New Games
from the pissing - off - your - customers dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
writes , and the eagerly awaited Will Wright titlewill be two of the higher profile games to use this new system .
The new system is the latest iteration of the SecuROM protection , which has caused problems in the past over technical issues with several popular titles .
The version of SecuROM that shipped withwas even accused ( but never proven ) of installing a root - kit on users PCs .
This new version is causing controversy due to an online verification system connected to its CD key .
The system requires a connection to the internet during installation to check the CD key is valid , and then registers the key with the users ' computer .
After this the game will try to re-check the CD key every 5 - 10 days to ensure it has n't since been found posted on a forum , or used in some form of piracy .
If the game can't verify the key within this period it will continue to try for a further 10 days , after which it will stop working until the key is checked .
The protection will also only allow the game to be installed three times .
A lot of gamers consider this intrusive and inconvenient , and that the publishers are effectively assuming their customers are pirates and looking over their shoulders every 10 days to check .
Other concerns have been raised over users who do n't play with machines permanently connected to the internet ( such as laptops ) , or how the system will work in regards to resale .
A comprehensive help - line has been promised to help people deal with these issues and the developers have mentioned the new system will remove the need for a DVD to run the game , but these potential problems combined with SecuROM 's past have made some call for a boycott of the titles and others to declare an intention to pirate the game out of spite .
" Seems like more short - term thinking .
If the effort is to reduce " piracy " it wo n't work .
People will figure out other ways to pirate the games -- that 's almost guaranteed .
So , in the end , all this will really do is piss off the legitimate customers who paid for something that suddenly does n't work , though no fault of their own .
That hardly seems like a good way to build up a strong supporting fan base .
Filed Under : drm , video games
Companies : ea
Federal judge rules
Bush aides can be subpoenaed
RAW STORY
WASHINGTON — President Bush ’s top advisers are not immune from congressional subpoenas , a federal judge ruled Thursday in an unprecedented dispute between the two political branches .
The House Judiciary Committee wants to question the president ’s chief of staff , Josh Bolten , and former legal counsel Harriet Miers , about the firing of nine U.S. attorneys .
But President Bush says they are immune from such subpoenas .
They say Congress can’t force them to testify or turn over documents .
U.S. District Judge John Bates disagreed .
He said there ’s no legal basis for that argument .
He said that Miers must appear before Congress and , if she wants to refuse to testify , she must do so in person .
“ Harriet Miers is not immune from compelled congressional process ; she is legally required to testify pursuant to a duly issued congressional subpoena , ” Bates wrote .
He said that both Bolten and Miers must give Congress all non-privileged documents related to the firings .
From the ruling :
“ Indeed , the aspect of this lawsuit that is unprecedented is the notion that Ms. Miers is absolutely immune from compelled congressional process .
The Supreme Court has reserved absolute immunity for very narrow circumstances , involving the President ’s personal exposure to suits for money damages based on his official conduct or concerning matters of national security or foreign affairs .
The Executive ’s current claim of absolute immunity from compelled congressional process for senior presidential aides is without any support in the case law . ”
The Bush administration can appeal the ruling .
The Justice Department did not immediately respond for a request for comment .
DEVELOPING …
( Original Article )
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
For one of the nastiest substances on earth , crude oil has an amazing grip on the globe .
We all know the stuff 's poison , yet we 're as dependent on it as our air and water supplies -- which , of course , is what oil is poisoning .
Should n't we be technologically advanced enough here in the 21st Century to quit siphoning off the pus of the Earth ?
Regardless whether you believe global warming is threatening the planet 's future , you must admit crude is passé .
Americans should be celebrating rather than shuddering over the arrival of $ 4 - a - gallon gasoline .
We lived on cheap gas too long , failed to innovate and now face the consequences of competing for a finite resource amid fast - expanding global demand .
A further price rise as in Europe to $ 8 a gallon -- or $ 200 and more to fill a large SUV 's tank -- would be a catalyst for economic , political and social change of profound national and global impact .
We could face an economic squeeze , but it would be the pain before the gain .
The U.S. economy absorbed a tripling in gas prices in the last six years without falling into recession , at least through March .
Ravenous demand from China and India could see prices further double in the next few years -- and jumpstart the overdue process of weaning ourselves off fossil fuels .
Consider the world of good that would come of pricing crude oil and gasoline at levels that would strain our finances as much as they 're straining international relations and the planet 's long - term health :
1. RIP for the internal - combustion engine
They may contain computer chips , but the power source for today 's cars is little different than that which drove the first Model T 100 years ago .
That we 're still harnessed to this antiquated technology is testament to Big Oil 's influence in Washington and success in squelching advances in fuel efficiency and alternative energy .
Given our achievement in getting a giant mainframe 's computing power into a handheld device in just a few decades , we should be able to do likewise with these dirty , little rolling power plants that served us well but are overdue for the scrap heap of history .
2. Economic stimulus
Necessity being the mother of invention , $ 8 gas would trigger all manner of investment sure to lead to groundbreaking advances .
Job creation would n't be limited to research labs ; it would rapidly spill over into lucrative manufacturing jobs that could help restore America 's industrial base and make us a world leader in a critical realm .
The most groundbreaking discoveries might still be 25 or more years off , but we wo n't see massive public and corporate funding of research initiatives until escalating oil costs threaten our national security and global stability -- a time that 's fast approaching .
3 . Wither the Middle East 's clout
This region that 's contributed little to modern civilization exercises inordinate sway over the world because of its one significant contribution -- crude extraction .
Aside from ensuring Israel 's security , the U.S. would have virtually no strategic or business interest in this volatile , desolate region were it not for oil -- and its radical element would n't be able to demonize us as the exploiters of its people .
In the near term , breaking our dependence on Middle Eastern oil may well require the acceptance of drilling in the Alaskan wilderness -- with the understanding that costly environmental protections could easily be built into the price of $ 8 gas .
4. Deflating oil potentates
On a similar note , Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez and Iran 's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad recently gained a platform on the world stage because of their nations ' sudden oil wealth .
Without it , they would face the difficult task of building fair and just economies and societies on some other basis .
How far would their message resonate -- and how long would they even stay in power -- if they were unable to buy off the temporary allegiance of their people with vast oil revenues ?
5. Mass - transit development
Anyone accustomed to taking mass transit to work knows the joy of a car - free commute .
Yet there have been few major additions or improvements to our mass - transit systems in the last 30 years because cheap gas kept us in our cars .
Confronted with $ 8 gas , millions of Americans would board buses , trains , ferries and bicycles and minimize the pollution , congestion and anxiety spawned by rush - hour traffic jams .
More convenient routes and scheduling would accomplish that .
6 . An antidote to sprawl
The recent housing boom sparked further development of antiseptic , strip - mall communities in distant outlying areas .
Making 100 - mile - plus roundtrip commutes costlier will spur construction of more space - efficient housing closer to city centers , including cluster developments to accommodate the millions of baby boomers who will no longer need their big empty - nest suburban homes .
Sure , there 's plenty of land left to develop across our fruited plains , but building more housing around city and town centers will enhance the sense of community lacking in cookie - cutter developments slapped up in the hinterlands .
7. Restoration of financial discipline
Far too many Americans live beyond their means and nowhere is that more apparent than with our car payments .
Enabled by eager lenders , many middle - income families carry two monthly payments of $ 400 or more on $ 20,000 - plus vehicles that consume upwards of $ 15,000 of their annual take - home pay factoring in insurance , maintenance and gas .
The sting of forking over $ 100 per fill - up would force all of us to look hard at how much of our precious income we blow on a transport vehicle that sits idle most of the time , and spur demand for the less - costly and more fuel - efficient small sedans and hatchbacks that Europeans have been driving for decades .
8. Easing global tensions
Unfortunately , we human beings are n't so far evolved that we wo n't resort to annihilating each other over energy resources .
The existence of weapons of mass destruction aside , the present Iraq
War could be the first of many sparked by competition for oil supplies .
Steep prices will not only chill demand in the U.S. , they will more importantly slow China and India 's headlong rush to make the same mistakes we did in rapidly industrializing -- like selling $ 2,500 Tata cars to countless millions of Indians with little concern for the environmental consequences .
If we succeed in developing viable energy alternatives , they could be a key export in helping us improve our balance of trade with consumer - goods producers .
Additional considerations
Weaning ourselves off crude will hopefully be the crowning achievement that marks the progress of humankind in the 21st Century .
With it may come development of oil - free products to replace the chemicals , pharmaceuticals , plastics , fertilizers and pesticides that now consume 16 % of the world 's crude - oil output and are likely culprits in fast - rising cancer rates .
By its very definition , oil is crude .
It 's time we develop more refined energy sources and that will not happen without a cost - driven shift in demand .
Interviews with drivers and transit riders indicate , however , that a change in habits has not come easy  and might be reversed if gas prices fall .
“ When prices went over $ 4 , I stopped driving , ” said Scott Pisciotti , 41 , a real estate portfolio manager from Somers , N.Y. Mr. Pisciotti said he used to drive daily to his office in Midtown Manhattan but now rides a Metro - North train from White Plains to Grand Central Terminal .
It is a new routine for him , and he has not fully embraced it .
“ If prices dropped , ” he said , “ I would drive a lot more . ”
Commuter trains have also become more crowded , riders say .
At the Secaucus Junction train station of New Jersey Transit , Brian Simmons , 30 , said that it had become much harder to get a seat on the train in recent months .
“ It ’s like the New York City subway , ” he said .
Gas price - induced traffic reduction might have a downside .
Mr. Bloomberg ’s plan was intended , among other things , to raise hundreds of millions of dollars a year for mass transit improvements by charging cars an $ 8 fee to enter the area of Manhattan below 59th Street .
The plan was defeated in April when legislative leaders in Albany refused to bring it up for a vote .
In contrast , the current reduction in traffic at bridges and tunnels could actually take money away from transit , because a large portion of the tolls collected at the transportation authority ’s crossings helps to finance the subways , buses and commuter railroads .
In May , toll revenues were more than $ 4 million below budget projections , and Gary J. Dellaverson , the authority ’s chief financial officer , said that June toll revenues appeared to be down even further .
So far , the drop has been more than offset by an increase in fare collections generated by higher transit and rail ridership , but Mr. Dellaverson said that the combination of slipping toll revenues and the increased cost of fuel for the authority ’s buses and trains could eventually outpace ridership revenue gains .
The rise in gas prices may also be increasing something that congestion pricing was meant to eliminate : the incentive for drivers to avoid tolls by using the free bridges over the East River , causing heavier traffic in the surrounding neighborhoods .
This chart on Cooking for Engineers totally startled me , but once I got over my need for everything to be in lists and paragraphs , it made perfect sense .
With some substitutions , I made a delicious ratatouille on my first try !
Submitted by cpowell on Mon , 2008-05-26 02:27 .
By Ambrose Evans - Pritchard
The Telegraph , London
Monday , May 26 , 2008
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/money/main.jhtml?xml=/money/2008/05/26/cnoil1...
German leaders are to propose a worldwide ban on oil trading by speculators , blaming the latest spike in crude prices on manipulation by hedge funds .
It is the most drastic proposal to date amid escalating calls from Europe , the US and Asia for controls on market forces , underscoring the profound shift in the political climate since the credit crunch began .
India has already suspended futures trading of five commodities .
Uwe Beckmeyer , transport chief for Germany 's Social Democrats , said his party would call for joint measures by the G8 powers to prohibit leveraged trading on energy contracts .
" It 's an extreme step but it has to be done , " he told the Berlin media .
Mr Beckmeyer said the last 25 percent rise in the price of oil to $ 135 a barrel had nothing to do with underlying supply and demand .
" It 's pure speculation , " he said .
Oil has doubled in price over the past year and the concerns are echoed on Washington 's Capitol Hill where irate Democrats want rules compelling traders to take delivery of crude oil , a move which would paralyse the market .
There is now broad support in Germany for a clampdown on " locust " funds .
President Horst Kohler said modern capitalism had turned into a " monster , " bringing the entire financial system to the brink of collapse this spring .
The Social Democrats form part of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's ruling coalition .
Her own Christian Democrat Party shares concerns that funds are causing a fresh bubble in commodities , risking further havoc for the real economy and society .
In the long run , any scheme to ban futures trading would be extremely hard to enforce as the markets would tend to move offshore .
Hedge funds are probably not the culprit in any case .
Speculators are split , with some betting that oil will fall .
The mass of money coming into the commodity indexes is mostly from pension funds and long - term investors .
Oil markets are likely to shrug off the moves as political posturing , instead focusing on Norway 's suspension of crude output at three platforms , cutting supply by 138,000 barrels a day .
The news comes as Lloyd 's Marine Intelligence reported Opec oil shipments fell by 1 million barrels per day in the four weeks to May 4 , confirming suspicions that the market has been chronically short of supply .
* * *
Join GATA here :
Vancouver World Resource Investment Conference
Sunday - Monday , June 15 - 16 , 2008
Vancouver Exhibition and Convention Centre
http://www.cambridgeconferences.com/ch_june2008.html
* * *
Help Keep GATA
Going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization
based in the United States and tax - exempt under the
U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are
free , and you can subscribe at http://www.gata.org/.
GATA is grateful for financial contributions , which
are federally tax - deductible in the United States .
Why you should be a 9/11 truther even if you do n't believe the Government carried out the attacks .
Let 's say you go along with the idea that WTC 7 collapsed because of normal fires , and Hani Hanjour went from an incompetent idiot to a highly skilled pilot , and 9/11 was carried out by 19 arab terrorists working for Osama Bin Laden .
You should still join forces with the 9/11 truth movement and here 's why .
Because the government is still to blame , and you are still being constantly lied to .
Nothing was done to prevent these attacks .
No one has been held responsible for massive errors that resulted in the deaths of thousands of Americans and consequently hundreds of thousands of deaths of human beings since then .
President Bush is constantly telling you the terrorists attacked us because you are so free and they hate that .
This is an incredibly ridiculous lie that insults your intelligence and takes the blame off the foreign policy of our corrupt establishment and places it on you .
You like being free ?
Well , it could get you killed by these " evil doers " unless you allow your beloved government to " protect " your freedoms by killing and invading other countries .
The truth is , no so called terrorist has ever claimed he hates Americans because they are free .
They claim our support for the apartheid actions of Israel , along with our interference in domestic affairs of other nations is what they have a grievance against .
In other words those 2974 people that are dead from 9/11 were killed because of the actions of our government .
And the thousands that will die because of the toxic air at ground zero were lied to by the EPA by order of the white house .
Their deaths can also be blamed on this administration .
The administration had no interest in investigating these attacks .
The Jersey girls forced this government to have a 9/11 commission , a commission that refused to assign blame and was just another cover - up .
The co chairmen of the commission admitted that they were lied to under oath by the military and decided to do nothing about it .
Condoleezza Rice and President Bush both said that " no one in this administration nor the prior one could have imagined taking planes and flying them into buildings . "
This is another lie .
In fact they did imagine it , and actually practiced it .
Flying planes into buildings was an idea of Ramzi Yousef and Abdul Murad who were arrested in 1995 .
Their computer was seized and a treasure trove of information was discovered on it , including manifestos that explained why they hate America .
It was the American government and it's foreign policy that they hated , it was n't your freedom .
Khalid Almihdhar and Nawaf Alhazmi were two 9/11 hijackers that were being monitored by the CIA .
They were known mujihaden .
The CIA deliberately let them into the USA .
And then you are supposed to believe they unfortunately lost track of them .
The CIA is not supposed to do surveillance inside the USA and as we all know the last thing in the world the CIA would do is break any law , so they were supposed to notify the FBI to pick up the surveillance .
Well , it is claimed that they thought they did but the FBI was n't notified .
You are also supposed to believe that there was a " wall " preventing the FBI and the CIA from sharing information .
Another lie .
The counterintelligence unit at the CIA was staffed by CIA and FBI .
Out of the 300 million people that reside in the USA these two ended up having a landlord that they lived with coincidently being an FBI informant who supposedly did n't inform the FBI about them .
http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2002/09/09/attack/main521223.shtml
Would you like to hear his explanation of this ?
The Government does n't think it 's any of your business and paid this informant $ 100,000 to keep his mouth shut .
Sound hard to believe ?
Read page 38/141 of the DOJ OIG report and take a look at footnote number 197 when in July 2003 when he was to testify he was paid off and the FBI refused to allow his testimony .
http://www.fas.org/irp/agency/doj/oig/fbi-911/chap5.pdf
What happened to the head of the CIA ?
He was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom Award .
While at the same time the rescue workers at ground zero were given the shaft .
The Iraqi resistance knows where America is .
You 're being told we can't withdraw our troops because " they will follow us here " , and " it 's better to fight them there rather than here . "
Instead of going along with the insulting of your intelligence why do n't you demand the government stop giving " terrorists " reasons for hating us .
Did you like being lied to about the anthrax attacks ?
Where do you think it came from ?
According to Scott McClellans new book on pages 110 - 111 ...
" Brian Ross , a highly respected investigative reporter for ABC News , led the newscast that night stating that he had learned from " three well placed but separate sources " that initial tests had found the chemical additive bentonite in the anthrax , and that the only country known to have used this substance to produce biological weapons was Iraq .
Bentonite , Ross reported , was " a trademark of Saddam Hussein 's biological weapons program . "
Peter Jennings indicated that some would conclude this was " a smoking gun " linking the anthrax attacks to Iraq . "
In the book Mcclellan says that Arie Fleischer ( his predecessor ) tried to tell ABC News that was not correct , and ABC eventually backed off that angle but never issued a retraction .
This is the US Government useing the media to sell a war to you by lies .
I could go on and on and on .
The media in this country is a joke and even the non truthers know this .
Maybe we should start demanding the government stop lying to us , and the media start holding the government accountable to the people .
But I do n't see you " believers in the official story " doing this .
I see organizations like wearechange and other " truthers " demanding answers and accountability .
You can see it too in a new documentary called the " The 9/11 Chronicles - Truth Rising " http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-6739975526979012277&q=9%2F11+chronicles+truth+rising&ei=3sZzSIWMLZjQ4gLZ1rWSCw&hl=en
As a former Republican and Bush supporter I was quite happy to make fun of these " nuts . "
Unfortuneatly I got my information from the television .
When I made it a point to inform myself in order to more effectivly expose the truthers as liars and nuts , I had to face the awfull truth that it is the Government lying to me .
It is the corrupt power structutre that is a threat to my freedom .
And who is exposing these realities ?
It is the truthers .
" Truthers " need to be responsible as well .
Accusing reporters of " being in on it " because they do n't like what they reported at the pentagon is outageous and irresponsible , some claims by so called truthers are just outrageous .
Sure there are preposterous claims by some who claim to be " truthers " and I do n't believe everything said in the name of 9/11 truth because anyone can claim anything in the name of 9/11 truth .
But given the choice of being an apologist for the government or a 9/11 truther I chose the latter because , " ask questions - demand answers " of your leaders is more patriotic than going along with a corrupt establishment , determined to keep you uninformed .
Nazi Germany would not have happened if they had " truthers " .
You may think it 's a preposterous stretch of the imagination to bring Nazi Germany into this , but just what do you think the end result would be with a Military Industrial Complex such as ours and an incredibly powerfull government and media that is n't held accountable for it 's actions by the people ?
BETHEL , Alaska  Stanley
Tom recently invited the most politically connected man in the state to visit his small village on Alaska 's western coast .
Mr. Tom wanted Senator Stevens to witness for himself the continuing natural disaster that threatens Newtok and dozens of other coastal villages .
Tidal erosion caused by warming temperatures continues to eat away at the shoreline and imperil not just the Yupik Eskimo inhabitants but their ancient way of life .
In Newtok , population about 320 , the chopping waters advanced 80 feet this year alone .
" Time 's running out , " the village leader , Mr. Tom , said during a layover in this working town west of Newtok .
Mr. Tom has been traveling extensively in recent months to try to raise awareness  and money  to fund the relocation of his village .
Such a move would cost between $ 80 million to $ 130 million , the government estimates .
A small fraction has been pledged .
Native leaders and environmentalists blame bureaucracy and the unwillingness of any government agency to lead the way .
During a Senate hearing in Anchorage in mid-October , Mr. Tom made his case to Mr. Stevens , who acknowledged the dire situation .
But Mr. Stevens told Mr. Tom that many other villages needed help , too .
Mr. Tom awaits the senator 's visit .
He said he would like to give a tour of the village 's disintegrating infrastructure .
Newtok sits on tundra along the Ninglick River at the far edge of the Yukon - Kuskokwim Delta .
A collection of about 70 shacks and houses stands atop stilts , connected by a gap - toothed boardwalk that winds through the village .
The villagers live much the way they have for the past 2,000 years : hunting and fishing as a way of life .
But the village adopted some aspects of modern life , and those have been affected most .
The barge landing washed away , making it treacherous to load and unload fuel and other essentials .
The landfill , too , was wiped out , forcing villagers to haul garbage to a distant site across the river .
And a second river , the Newtok , where portable toilets were emptied for years , now routinely floods and spreads human waste through the community .
Tidal erosion has made the village so vulnerable that the next big storm could destroy what remains , Deborah Williams , who heads Alaska Conservation Solutions , said .
The organization addresses problems related to climate change .
" The situation is very urgent , " Ms. Williams , who visited Newtok this year , said .
She said the permafrost " was melting like chocolate ice cream in the sun . "
Ms. Williams , a former Interior Department official under the Clinton administration , said Newtok could be consumed in five to 15 years .
That 's assuming a big storm does n't hit beforehand .
Mr. Tom and other tribal leaders fear the erosion could reach the town much sooner , perhaps in as little as three years .
Villagers , with help from state officials , have found a new site , nine miles away on Nelson Island .
But moving people , houses , and major buildings , such as the school and clinic , by all accounts will be an epic endeavor .
For millenniums , ice shelves and permafrost along the coast acted as shields against storms and tidal forces , but warming temperatures have melted much of those natural barriers .
More than 180 Alaskan villages are in danger , according to government reports .
Those regarded as most imperiled include Newtok , Shishmaref , and Kivalina .
All three villages have made plans to relocate .
" How is it going to work , and who is going to pay for it ?
That 's the million - dollar question , " a state planner involved in the Newtok relocation , Sally Russell Cox , said .
Ms. Cox said relocating an entire village is n't too farfetched : " Villages in Alaska have relocated before , and Natives have been doing it on their own for thousands of years . "
The native people of Western Alaska were traditionally nomadic , following fish and game .
Natives began settling in permanent communities only within the past century , and a majority of them in the past 50 years .
" That 's the paradigm we 'll be using : the community actively participating and the government providing assistance , " Ms. Cox said .
She said " a huge appropriation of government funds " to pay for the relocations would probably not materialize .
At this point , the priority is to buy more time for Newtok and the other villages by holding off the erosion as long as possible , Ms. Cox said .
Mozilla CEO John Lilly *
Photo : Brigitte Sire *
When Mozilla released the Firefox browser in 2004 , Microsoft 's Internet Explorer dominated the market with a whopping 95 percent share .
Now Firefox has 18 percent of the market and Apple 's Safari has another 6 percent .
Along the way , Wall Streeters began pressing Mozilla to go public ( it wo n't ) and Mozilla CEO John Lilly wowed scores of suits with his talks about how the open source project became a successful business .
Just before the launch of Firefox 3 in June , Wired sat down with Lilly at his company headquarters in Mountain View , California .
Wired :
What are the biggest changes in Firefox 3 ?
Lilly :
It 's got 15,000 improvements .
It 's more secure and easier to use .
But , most important , it 's two or three times faster .
Think about all the programs we run in our browser now — like office software .
When Firefox 2 was developed three years ago , we ran those applications on our desktop .
So in Firefox 3 we improved the JavaScript engine and changed the way the browser handles and allocates memory .
Wired :
Why did Firefox catch on in the first place , and how has it stolen users from Microsoft 's Internet Explorer ?
Lilly : When Firefox came out in 2004 , there was n't much browser innovation happening at Microsoft .
People used Firefox , saw it was really fast and liked the tabs , and stayed .
Also , people now understand what we stand for — the participatory and open Web — and they like that .
It 's why we launched Firefox 3 in more than 45 languages .
The idea that people worldwide can feel a sense of ownership about software that 's initially only in English — like IE7 — is bogus .
Wired :
That 's nice , but it 's not exactly a long - term strategic plan .
Do you worry about competition from Apple now that it has enabled Safari on Windows ?
Lilly : I used to work at Apple .
I have an iPhone .
But there are other ways of developing software .
Instead of relying on individual brilliance , we rely on enabling a network around the world , like Wikipedia does .
That 's a different aesthetic .
Wired :
Is it an aesthetic or a rationalization for not producing well - designed products ?
Lilly :
It 's an aesthetic .
Apple is great if you like the way it comes .
Firefox is great if you like to customize things .
The focus is on how it lets you do what you want , not how it looks .
Wired : Roughly 85 percent of your revenue comes from Google .
What happens if Google decides to build its own browser ?
Lilly :
It 's kind of a sucker 's game to speculate about what Google 's going to do .
That said , it was the Google guys who approached us — not the other way around — because Firefox was a good browser .
Our relationship will be just fine , as long as we build something that people give a damn about .
Wired : Mozilla is a nonprofit foundation but also a for - profit startup .
How does that work ?
Lilly :
We 're like a university .
We have a public mission — keeping the Web open — that we 're supporting with economics .
It 's just that our competitors are all for - profit companies .
Wired :
Does the browser still matter now that users access the Net with different , non-browser - dependent devices , like Amazon.com 's Kindle ?
Lilly :
That 's a bogus argument .
People have been saying for 10 or 15 years that the PC is dead .
Even with a good mobile device , I 'll sit at my laptop when I 'm near it because it 's a better experience .
Wired :
But still an imperfect one .
Lilly :
There are huge problems left to solve .
If your data is in the cloud , how do you access it when you 're offline ?
How do you display video without using proprietary technologies ?
And then there 's the whole mobile Web ; I think it 's not at all clear that it will look like the actual Web .
Wired :
Are you going to develop a version of Firefox for the iPhone ?
Lilly : No. Apple makes it too hard .
They say it 's because of technical issues — they do n't want outsiders to disrupt the user experience .
That 's a business argument masquerading as a technological argument .
We 're focusing on more important stuff .
The iPhone has been influential , but there 's not that many of them .
We 're part of the LiMo Foundation — Linux on Mobile .
The Razr V2 is a LiMo phone , and you 'll see more in the next year or so .
Contributing editor Fred Vogelstein ( fred_vogelstein@wired.com ) wrote about the iPhone in issue 16.02 .
Mozilla ’s Asa Dotzler on Firefox , Fighting Bloat and the Problem with Democracy
Mozilla ’s Chris Beard on the Future of Firefox and Online Services
Centuries old olive trees , which were uprooted in the Bethlehem region by the construction of the separation wall .
The wall has resulted in the uprooting of thousands of olive trees and the crippling of Palestine ’s agricultural economic base . (
IMEU
)
Now that billionaire oil man T. Boone Pickens is making his next fortune in wind power , he 's ready to tell anyone who 's listening how high oil will go ... if they do n't invest in , say , wind power .
Giving testimony at a senate hearing today , Pickens floated a number designed to terrorize the elected officials in attendance :
If we continue to drift , oil will hit $ 300 a barrel in 10 years .
The US imports roughly 70 % of its oil now , and Pickens says we will be importing over 80 % a decade from now if nothing is done .
Of course , Pickens is helping by building a 4,000 megawatt , $ 10 billion wind farm in Northern Texas that should start generating power in 2011 .
Also his plan for our energy revolution , The Pickens Plan , has been on full display on televisions across the nation :
Pickens may be on the right side of this conversation .
But just 2 weeks ago he saw oil going back to $ 100 .
See Also :
Boone Pickens : Oil To $ 100 In 2 Years on Demand Collapse
Boone Pickens : Yes , We 've Hit Peak Oil
Boone Pickens : Why Oil Ain't Going Nowhere But $ 150
Around 72 % of consumers who search for local businesses visit stores within 5 miles of their location .
Investing more effort and energy into healthcare marketing will attract more local clients than ever .
Nearly 70 % of marketers lack an integrated content strategy .
Even healthcare providers need a strong , cohesive strategy to market themselves successfully .
You ’ve worked hard on your business .
You deserve to know how to thrive in today ’s digitally - driven marketing world .
Here are 5 essential tips for successful marketing in healthcare :
1. Maintain a Consistent Brand
Branding is important to medical marketing because it distinguishes you from your competition .
If a patient is happy with your brand , they ’re more likely to return later on .
Market your business based on its special features .
If you offer a spa-like environment , advertise that to build a luxurious brand image .
Use brand colors , great customer service , and employee uniforms to appeal to your audience more .
2. Build a Responsive Website
A responsive website is an integral component of a healthcare marketing strategy because it represents your brand .
Responsive websites automatically adjust to the size of a screen and provide a user - friendly experience to visitors .
Make sure your website is mobile - friendly .
Mobile traffic is on the rise and if your website has an awkward mobile format , you ’ll miss out on valuable leads .
Plus , Google does mobile - first indexing , which means that it uses the mobile version of your site when evaluating your rankings in search engines .
Speaking of search engines :
3. Become an Authority
Establishing yourself as an authority in your field will boost your credibility and reputation in consumers ’ eyes , fostering more brand trust and repeat business .
That ’s why blogging is one of the most effective marketing strategies for healthcare organizations .
Use local SEO and long - tail keywords ( keywords with more than 3 words ) to target exact audiences .
This will build brand awareness amongst people in your area .
There are plenty of other ways you can build credibility with healthcare marketing .
Learn more about useful tactics for marketing healthcare services through the aforementioned link .
4. Strengthen Existing Client Relationships
Boost your business by improving your pre-existing brand relationships .
Always provide great customer service , but encourage people to leave reviews so your staff can deliver even better customer service .
Send branded yet attractive postcards to existing patients on their birthdays .
It ’ll improve brand recognition and brand recall by making a positive impression .
5. Use Social Media
In today ’s world , a little bit of social media marketing goes a long way .
You ’ll generate more leads and business if you maintain an active social media presence .
Maintain branded accounts on Twitter , Instagram , and Facebook .
It ’s even better if you can make YouTube videos .
Not only will it make people trust your input and expertise , but it ’ll help you advertise your services to them at the same time .
Use Healthcare Marketing to Your Advantage
Experts predicted that global online ad spending would increase in 2019 .
Advertisement and content campaigns contribute to healthcare marketing by boosting your brand online .
After all , your online brand has a tangible effect on your business in real life .
Spending on location - based advertisements is set to approach $ 24.4 billion .
That just shows you how much digital marketing matters to doing business today .
Enrich your bank account — check out more of our advice about earning extra income and becoming rich .
Your business will love you for it .
The question of the troop escalation ’s role on pacifying Iraq has emerged as a critical debate between the two , as the McCain campaign has accused Mr. Obama of failing to acknowledge the success of a strategy that Mr. McCain fervently supported .
The McCain campaign said the troop escalation was a vital component that assured the success of the Awakening movement .
And Mr. McCain said Wednesday that when he was referring to the “ surge , ” he meant the entire counterinsurgency strategy , and not just to the troop escalation that President Bush ordered .
“ First of all , a surge is really a counterinsurgency strategy , ” Mr. McCain said in Bethlehem , Pa .
“ And it ’s made up of a number of components .
And this counterinsurgency was initiated to some degree by Colonel MacFarland in Anbar Province , relatively on his own .
And I visited with him in December of 2006 .
He had already initiated that strategy in Ramadi by going in , and clearing and holding in certain places .
That is a counterinsurgency .
And he told me at that time that he believed that that strategy , which is quote ‘ the surge , ’ part of the surge , would be , would be , successful . ”
“ So then , of course , it was very clear that we needed additional troops in order to carry out this insurgency , ” he said .
“ Prior to that they had been going into places , killing people or not killing people , and then withdrawing .
And the new counterinsurgency , the surge , entailed going in and clearing and holding , which Colonel MacFarland had already started doing .
And then of course , later on , there were additional troops , and General Petraeus said that the surge would not have worked , and the Anbar Awakening would not have taken place , successfully , if they had n’t had an increase in the number of troops . ”
Conducting a presidential campaign in the middle of a war is somewhat unusual , and several foreign policy experts lament that a great deal of nuance and thoughtful discussion is lost in the political back - and - forth .
If Mr. McCain found himself criticized for seeming to confuse the chronology of events in Iraq , some analysts said Mr. Obama seemed to be giving too little credit to the surge for improving conditions in Iraq .
Mr. Obama , who opposed the Iraq war , said in an interview with “ Nightline ” on ABC this week that if he had to do it all over again , knowing what he knew now , he would still not support the surge .
Mr. O’Hanlon , of the Brookings Institution , said he did not understand why Mr. Obama seemed to want to debate the success of the surge .
“ Any human being is reluctant to admit a mistake , ” he said , noting that it takes on added risk in a political campaign .
And Anthony H. Cordesman , of the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said the political debate did not always illuminate the issues very well .
“ There are times , I think , where maybe we really ought to step back from this semantic horror show , and remember that this is a political campaign , it is posturing , ” Mr. Cordesman said .
“ Would anyone want either presidential candidate to keep any promise they made today if reality was different in January , or in any point afterwards ? ”
John McCain and Barack Obama drilled each over energy yesterday .
McCain called Obama a Jimmy Carter clone for proposing an oil - profits tax , while Obama blasted McCain as a toady of oil barons .
Speaking in Houston , where many energy companies are headquartered , McCain said of Obama , “ He supports new taxes on oil producers .
He wants a windfall - profits tax on oil , to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas .
“ If the plan sounds familiar , it ’s because that was President Jimmy Carter ’s big - idea tool – and a lot of good it did us .
“ I ’m all for recycling – but it ’s better applied to paper and plastic than to the failed policies of the 1970s . ”
At the same time , McCain tried to show he ’s an environmentally friendly Republican , unveiling a TV campaign ad that boasts he “ stood up ” to President Bush five years ago by pushing for legislation to address climate change .
But positions of opposing drilling in the Alaska National Wildlife Arctic Reserve – while supporting more offshore drilling to boost domestic production and reduce reliance on foreign oil – drew fire from liberal critics who said he ’s contradicting himself .
Obama opposes offshore drilling and defended his proposed tax , saying he believes in a “ windfall profits tax . . . to ease the burden of higher energy costs on working families . ”
“ Instead of giving oil executives another way to boost their record profits , I believe we should put in place a windfall - profits tax that will . . . ease the burden of higher energy costs on working families , ” he said .
Meanwhile , McCain ’s campaign accused Obama of having a dangerous and naive “ Sept. 10 ” mindset toward terrorism because the Democrat spoke out against the detention of terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay .
Team McCain released a statement from Rudy Giuliani , who said , “ Barack Obama appears to believe that terrorists should be treated like criminals – a belief that underscores his fundamental lack of judgment regarding our national security .
In a post - 9/11 world , we need to remain on offense . ”
Obama said the GOP was practicing the politics of fear .
carl.campanile@nypost.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe is trying " to steal the election " , over three weeks after the disputed poll , Foreign Secretary David Miliband says .
In a strongly - worded House of Commons statement , he said : " No - one can have any faith in this recount . "
He said the " ludicrously slow rate " of the count fuelled suspicion that Mugabe " is seeking to reverse the results " .
Mr Miliband 's comments came after video footage emerged of opposition supporters being beaten up .
Human rights groups have alleged they have found camps where people are being tortured for having voted " the wrong way " .
The government denies the allegations .
The world is witnessing " a charade of democracy " , Mr Miliband said , as the recount in 23 out of 210 seats due to finish on Monday was delayed further .
Election officials did not say when they expected to finish .
A South African election observer monitoring the partial recount described the entire process as futile .
South African MP
Dianne Kohler - Barnard said she had seen evidence of tampering with ballot - boxes to ensure victory for Mr Mugabe and his party .
' Campaign of violence '
The MDC opposition , led by Morgan Tsvangirai , says the recount is illegal and claims it beat Robert Mugabe 's Zanu - PF outright in the 29 March polls .
Zimbabwe 's government rejects this and accuses the opposition of being stooges for the UK government .
The BBC has uncovered evidence that Zanu - PF is behind attacks on Zimbabweans who supported the MDC .
Footage smuggled out of the country to South Africa and verified by the BBC , will be shown for the first time on the Six O'Clock News .
Mr Miliband cast doubt on the security of the ballot boxes held by the authorities since polling day , noting that election officials have been arrested .
We can have little confidence that whatever is ultimately announced as the presidential election results will not have been sullied and contaminated by rigging through this recount
David Miliband
UK Foreign Secretary
In full : Miliband statement " The constitutional crisis in Zimbabwe continues as President Mugabe persists in his ambition to steal the election , " he said in a written statement .
" Most worryingly , President Mugabe and his Zanu - PF party have unleashed a campaign of violence against those ordinary Zimbabweans , 60 % of them , who in spite of everything , voted against him . "
He said people in rural areas that were once Mugabe strongholds " have been pouring into urban centres to receive medical treatment and support " .
Local and international NGOs ( non-governmental organisations ) were " highlighting these abuses daily " .
" Evidence that they are taking place is irrefutable , " he said .
' Uncertain conditions ' " I believe all would join the government in condemning absolutely these acts of violence which are cynically intended to punish people for the choices they have made and to intimidate them into submissions should any second round of the presidential election be called . "
Ordinary Africans do not condone the way in which President Mugabe is clinging on to power and beating his own people to death to ensure he retains it
David Miliband
On the recount in 23 constituencies , Mr Miliband said : " No - one can have any faith in this recount .
" The ballot boxes have been kept in uncertain conditions .
The Electoral Commission has seen 13 of their number arrested in a clear effort to threaten and punish those who did their job independently .
" The count itself is proceeding at a ludicrously slow rate .
" This only serves to fuel suspicion that President Mugabe is seeking to reverse the results that have been published , to regain a majority in parliament , and to amplify his own count in the presidential election .
" If that is the case , then what we are witnessing is a charade of democracy .
" We can have little confidence that whatever is ultimately announced as the presidential election results will not have been sullied and contaminated by rigging through this recount . "
Regional pressure Mr Miliband praised dockers in Durban , South Africa , who turned away a Chinese ship with weapons destined for Zimbabwe .
" The reaction of South African dockers to the direction to unload arms they believed destined for Zimbabwe shows that ordinary Africans do not condone the way in which President Mugabe is clinging on to power and beating his own people to death to ensure he retains it , " he said .
Mozambique has also refused to unload the arms , and the shipment is believed to be on its way to Angola .
MDC secretary general Tendai Biti said violence has displaced 3,000 people , injured 500 and left 10 dead .
Mr Miliband accused Zanu - PF of trying to " punish people for the choices they have made and to intimidate them into submission " in any second round of the presidential poll .
He said Britain felt countries in the region were " still best placed to apply pressure on President Mugabe " .
Zuma visit Relations with South African President Thabo Mbeki have been strained in recent weeks as he has appeared to back Mr Mugabe in the stand - off with the international community .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown is set to meet African National Congress President Jacob Zuma in Downing Street on Wednesday .
Mr Zuma , widely tipped to take over from Mr Mbeki as South African president in 2009 , has been more outspoken about the need for world leaders to challenge Mr Mugabe 's regime .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Upon taking up residency in the White House , a president also assumes a tidy salary of $ 400,000 a year , plus extra cash for expenses .
That 's certainly not the kind of change you 'd find under most couch cushions , but it 's not such a princely sum that the president will be set for life when leaving office .
While many leaders are either independently rich enough or old enough that they just retire after leaving office , others are desperate to make a buck or a pound .
So how do ex-presidents and other former world leaders support themselves as they while away the autumn of their years ?
The Very Broke Harry Truman :
When Truman 's presidency ended in 1953 , he headed home to Independence , Missouri , but there was a nagging problem : he did n't have any money .
Â
His business interests from prior to his political life had n't generated any sort of savings for him , and he thought that taken a corporate position or endorsing products would cheapen the presidency .
His only income was a $ 112 - a - month army pension , so he did what former presidents now do without thinking : Â he sold his memoirs .
Truman received a $ 670,000 deal for the two - volume memoirs , but after taxes and paying his assistants , he only netted a few thousand dollars on the project .
Things got so dire that Congress passed the Former Presidents
Act in 1958 , which gave retired commanders in chief pensions of $ 25,000 a year .
Â
At least his health insurance was eventually covered ; when Lyndon Johnson signed Medicare into law in 1965 , he presented President Truman and his wife , Bess , with the first two Medicare cards .
Jimmy Carter :
Carter famously rose to the presidency from humble roots as a Georgia peanut farmer , but when he assumed office he placed his business and farming issues in a blind trust to avoid any potential conflicts of interest .
It was a noble act , but it did n't play out so well for Carter ; when he resumed control of his assets , he was a million dollars in debt .
He needed dough , so he started writing .
And writing .
Although he 's known for his work with Habitat for Humanity and his willingness to go on global diplomatic missions , Carter is a shockingly prolific author of over 20 books .
Some of his tomes are standard memoirs and political texts , but Carter 's also penned children 's books , a volume of poetry , a historical novel , and Bible - study guides .
Bill Clinton :
Bill Clinton pulls in $ 250,000 to give a speech , which has been a fairly lucrative racket for him .
A 2007 report in the British newspaper The Independent estimated Clinton 's earnings from speeches alone at somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 40 million since he left office six years earlier .
Clinton also sold his memoir My Life to Knopf for $ 15 million , and he serves as an advisor for the private equity firm Yucaipa Companies , a post that has pulled in at least $ 12.6 million .
When the Clintons released their tax data in April 2008 as part of Hillary 's campaign disclosures , they showed income of $ 109 million since leaving the White House .
Margaret Thatcher :
Although declining health has slowed her down lately , Thatcher was fairly busy after stepping down as Prime Minister in 1990 .
She remained in the House of Commons until 1992 .
She received the title Baroness Thatcher that year , which got her a spot in the House of Lords .
Thatcher also penned a two - volume memoir , The Path to Power and The Downing Street Years , which hit the New York Times ' best - seller lists in 1993 and 1994 .
On top of that , she served as Chancellor of the College of William and Mary from 1993 to 2000 and penned the international relations text Statecraft : Â Strategies for a Changing World in 2002 .
All of this work must have left Thatcher pretty set ; after all , she has given Cambridge two million pounds to endow a chair in her name .
John Major :
Thatcher 's successor as Prime Minister has had a decidedly more low - key life since leaving the post in 1997 .
As an avid cricket fan , he served as the president of the Surrey County Cricket Club from 2000 to 2001 and has been on the Committee of the Marylebone Cricket Club since 2005 .
He also joined the private equity firm the Carlyle Group 's European Advisory Board in 1998 and supposedly rakes in 25,000 pounds for each speech he gives on the lecture circuit .
Tony Blair :
Like Bill Clinton , Blair got a book advance that ensured he would n't have to hit up any of his friends for a pound or two from time to time .
In October 2007 the New York Times reported that Random House purchased Blair 's memoir for a staggering $ 9 million .
Or rather , they purchased the rights to the memoir once it 's written ; despite receiving the gigantic advance , Blair 's spokesman admitted that the former Prime Minister had n't gotten a chance to " put pen to paper "  when he signed the deal .
On top of the sweet advance , Blair 's also pulling in cash as an advisor on climate change for Zurich Insurance and as a senior advisor for JPMorgan , both of which have been reported as six - figure - a - year jobs .
He 's also making 500,000 pounds for a series of speeches and will teach a course on faith and globalization at Yale this year .
Tens of thousands California residents are being sprayed under the cover of night with pesticides containing partly unknown chemicals .
These sprayings , conducted inadequate health studies , are done not to protect residents from a clear and present public health danger , but rather to protect special interests worried about eradicating the Light Brown Apple Moth ( LBAM ) .
The LBAM spray operations in Central Coast counties of Monterey and Santa Cruz resulted in over 600 reports of health illnesses .
State authorities have not only failed to respond , but now plan new LBAM aerial spray operations in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Californians have a right to refuse fumigation without proof of a clear and present public health danger .
Any mandatory pesticide spraying of chemicals must be shown to address a clear and present public health danger , and must be approved by the people in the area to be sprayed with a vote .
More Information : The LBAM eradication spraying has been ordered by the Secretary of Agriculture , and due to a declared " state of emergency , " representatives and residents are currently legally powerless to stop this .
The legitimacy of this so - called " emergency " is uncertain ; the LBAM poses no risk to human health but rather a contested threat to certain crops and plants .
Yet , government agencies approving the LBAM plan admit that the pesticide could pose a threat to some people , stating " not all health effects can be predicted and because the general population includes susceptible ( people ) , such as children , the elderly and those with chronic diseases , we cannot provide a definitive cause for their symptoms [ experienced after the spraying in Santa Cruz and Monterey ] .
" Read the following letter from Assemblymember John Laird of the 27th district to the Secretary of Agriculture demanding explanation .
In his letter on September 24 , 2007 you will see a dialog between the Assemblymember and the Secretary on this issue : http://democrats.assembly.ca.gov/members/a27/moth.htm
The bottom line is that the Secretary of Agriculture secured power to conduct LBAM aerial spraying of chemicals which at least in part were of unknown composition over urban areas of California against public outcry and concern .
We need laws that protect us and our environment , not special interests , and to ensure that we are not subjected to chemicals against our individual rights without an immediate health danger , due process , and a public vote .
Additional information is available at http://www.stopthespray.org/
TRUTH - FREEDOM - HEALTH
124 members
Green Charter Movement —
See the Files tab below + expose plandemic with info
If you have Telegram , you can view and join
TRUTH - FREEDOM - HEALTH right away .
And I 'm not talking about everyone who lives on the Eastside and shops at Wacko and eats Yuca tacos .
Those tacos are good , and people have to buy their hot rod and bondage literature somewhere .
By " hipsters " I am not referring to the radical college kids , the animal rights activists or the anarchists in their mohawks and Black Flag shirts .
Because whatever it is , at least they stand for something .
That feeling of resentment strikes a chord with me , because I notice that people who came of age in the 70s and 80s punk rock movement seem to universally hate “ hipsters ” .
And that sentiment seems to be seeping into the general zeitgeist .
One thing that particularly struck me about Hype ! was the grunge scene 's intense resentment against the greater culture for appropriating the look and style elements of their subculture .
Anti-fashion became the fashion .
It lost all meaning .
It fell victim to something I call the “ Punk Rock Quincy ” phenomenon .
The main theme of the seminal grunge documentary Hype ! is how something that by its very nature was anti-commercial became commercialized .
Hipsters are the ones walking around Los Feliz and Silver Lake with two - toned pink and black hair .
The ones wearing expensive " alternative " fashion .
Hipsters go to the latest , coolest , hippest bar .
They listen to the latest , coolest , hippest band .
But they do n't seem to subscribe to any particular philosophy or to have an allegiance to any particular genre of music .
Whatever it is , as long as it is the latest and the coolest and the hippest , they have to have it .
They are like soldiers of fortune of style .
I look at the hipsters , and I think , " Well , I like that haircut .
I like those pants .
I like Coop 's devil girl and Bettie Page and and tikis and tattooes .
I like Eames chairs and Millie 's omelettes and funny blue - tinted drinks . "
So why do I resent these people for liking them ?
My friend Janet says that one reason it pisses her off is because that look used to be a code .
It meant something .
If you saw someone walking down the street dressed the same way you were , with the same haircut you had , you immediately knew that they listened to the same records that you did .
Now that look has become generic and meaningless .
People with blue hair listen to top 40 .
People spend hundreds of dollars trying to look like they shop at the thrift store .
They have appropriated the style , yet discarded everything that the style stood for .
Another friend , John , complains about the younger generation taking over his neighborhood while ripping off a lifestyle they do n't really understand , " ... I should be glad that I still have the opportunity to chase them off my yard to keep them from stealing my teeth or something .
Not that they'd know how to fucking bite anything with them " .
I guess what it comes down to is that once upon a time , we had really good cake .
It was good and it was good for you .
We were waging a war agains Reaganomics , nuclear weapons and the Star Wars defense system .
We had a solid left - wing agenda .
We had seen the scars of Viet Nam and learned from them .
We were picking up the mantle that the hippies dropped when they all bought yuppie " Beamers " and became " the man " .
We had the Minutemen .
We had the Descendents .
The Ramones were all still alive .
The fashion was fun , and goofy , and like bandannas in our back pockets , it let us know who each other were .
It helped us find each other in a hostile society .
It was fucking cake , and the blue hair and the cartoonish clothes were just icing on the cake .
I think the reason people hate the hipsters so much is that they only have the icing .
And who wants to just sit down to a big bowl of icing ?
It makes your teeth hurt .
Photo by Markltb via Flickr
Subscribe now for just 99 cents per month for the first 3 months
A TextArc is a visual represention of a text the entire text ( twice ! ) on a single page .
A funny combination of an index , concordance , and summary ; it uses the viewer 's eye to help uncover meaning .
Here are more detailed overviews of the interactive work and the prints .
TextArc Poster Released
We 've released the first edition of a TextArc poster .
This print is an inexpensive but extremely high quality poster , closer in feeling to a lithograph than an offset print .
Please take a look at it on our sister site , textarc.com .
( A poster purchase is also one of the best ways to support our efforts . )
Sound Added
December 15 , 2002
We added sound to help differentiate the words displayed in TextArc .
The eye 's ability to pick out differences in gray ( where brightness means how often a word is repeated ) was a limiting factor , so we also mapped it to the pitch of a sound that 's triggered when you roll over the word .
It seem to help disambiguate words , especially when we assign exactly the same brightness to the top 10 % or 15 % of words .
And it 's slightly entertaining ...
NYSCA Grant Received
September , 2002
W. Bradford Paley received an Individual Artist 's grant from the New York State Council for the Arts .
The proposal is for a large - scale plasma panel touch screen version of TextArc , tuned to support conversations and group interaction .
It will first be installed at the New York Public Library , in one of the most beautiful reading rooms in the main branch at 42nd street .
ASCI , the Art & Science Collaborations group , suggested and sponsored this proposal .
( Thanks ! )
Whitney Museum of American Art Commission
September 16 , 2002
Curator Christiane Paul commissioned W. Bradford Paley to participate in CODeDOC , an exhibition on their on - line ARTPORT gallery .
The project was to write code that " moves three points in space , " but the focus was on the process : the source code itself would be visible to viewers , and artists were invited to comment on one another 's work .
The show opened on September 16 .
More details are available on the Appearances page .
Changes to TextArc Software
September 7 , 2002
A significant new release of TextArc software was installed on this site .
The changes and enhancements include : Word Associations : TextArc now looks for repeated use of word pairs .
Click the " Word Associations " box in the program to see them .
Opening in a Window :
It 's now possible to open TextArc in a window , not covering the whole screen .
Word Stemming : in English , and ( poorly ) in French and German , TextArc will group words that have a common word stem .
Clicking the triangle in the Concordance window will expose / hide grouped words .
Unlikely Files Marked : TextArc Library ( available in the Thousands of Texts section of this site ) now puts a question mark by files that are too large or otherwise unsuitable for viewing in TextArc .
Minor Changes : bugs found & fixed , button / menu things moved
Interactive Posters accepted at IEEE InfoVis 2002
September 6 , 2002
Two " interactive posters , " short write - ups of contributions to the information visualization field , were accepted at the upcoming conference InfoVis 02 .
The posters discussed TextArc itself , and the " Illuminated Diagrams " approach of using print for its incredible information density , and using a projector as a " smart spotlight " to direct peoples ' attention and add interaction .
Let us know your thoughts , improvement suggestions , and bug reports .
Please drop a note to email-list@textarc.org and we 'll keep you informed .
( This list will never be sold or used for purposes unrelated to TextArc ; and the e-mail update is free . )
WASHINGTON  A federal judge in California said Wednesday that the wiretapping law established by Congress was the “ exclusive ” means for the president to eavesdrop on Americans , and he rejected the government ’s claim that the president ’s constitutional authority as commander in chief trumped that law .
The judge , Vaughn R. Walker , the chief judge for the Northern District of California , made his findings in a ruling on a lawsuit brought by an Oregon charity .
The group says it has evidence of an illegal wiretap used against it by the National Security Agency under the secret surveillance program established by President Bush after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The Justice Department has tried for more than two years to kill the lawsuit , saying any surveillance of the charity or other entities was a “ state secret ” and citing the president ’s constitutional power as commander in chief to order wiretaps without a warrant from a court under the agency ’s program .
But Judge Walker , who was appointed to the bench by former President George Bush , rejected those central claims in his 56 - page ruling .
He said the rules for surveillance were clearly established by Congress in 1978 under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which requires the government to get a warrant from a secret court .
America 's biggest media organisations are engaged in a massive expedition to Beijing to provide round - the - clock coverage of the Summer Olympics , and they promise a truly Olympian affair .
Thousands of journalists , producers , presenters , runners , technicians and gofers are being shipped out from the US to giant media cities - within - cities to bring the folks back home a view of the games the likes of which they have never seen .
But China has strict rules governing journalists ' movements and the topics about which they report , so if any member of this media legion decides to stray too far outside of the realms of simple sports coverage , they may get more - or rather less - than they bargained for .
NBC Universal , owner of the NBC TV Network , is America 's official Olympics broadcaster and is sending the biggest contingent to the games .
It paid $ 894 m ( £ 449 m ) for the exclusive rights to broadcast 3,600 hours of coverage .
The deal with the International Olympic Committee was part of a record - breaking $ 2.3 bn package to give NBC the exclusive US media rights to the 2004 Summer Olympics ( $ 793 m ) , the 2006 Winter Games ( $ 613 m ) and the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
The network has since paid a further $ 2bn for the exclusive US media rights to cover the 2010 Winter Games ( $ 820 m ) and the 2012 Olympics in London ( $ 1.18bn ) .
NBC promises to broadcast around the clock , using TV , internet and mobile phone technology to give viewers ' three - screen ' access to the games for the first time .
Of the 3,600 hours of coverage , more than 2,900 will be live - more than all the live US coverage of all prior televised Summer Olympics .
With two weeks to go until the games begin , NBC has already sold about $ 900 m of its $ 1bn advertising target , while its parent GE has spent many millions more as one of the top - tier official sponsors .
NBC - as official US broadcaster - has had a relatively hassle - free time in China but a common series of complaints is emerging among those who work for non-rights - owning organisations .
Vital equipment is being delayed at customs .
Access to politically sensitive venues like Tiananmen Square is being restricted , despite assurances from the government that such obstructions would be lifted for the Olympics .
Even something as simple as parking a satellite broadcast truck on the street is proving almost impossible for many outlets , while in the smaller cities officials have been actively hostile to journalists .
China has tried to give the impression that it has relaxed many of its despotic media restrictions for the Olympics .
It was with great fanfare that a new set of rules for foreign journalists was established more than 18 months ago .
The rules sought to lift the requirement for journalists to apply to officialdom when they wanted to travel or set up an interview .
Even though the harsh rules were rarely enforced , lifting them was seen as a leap forward .
But little has changed , according to Anthony Kuhn , a veteran reporter on China for America 's National Public Radio .
' I was arrested while reporting a story just weeks after the rules were changed , ' he said from his Beijing office .
' I was reporting on farmland being taken away by government in Shanxi province and all of a sudden I was detained and told I was trespassing in a military zone , which was not the case . '
Kuhn has been arrested on similarly trumped - up charges six or seven times since the rules were supposedly relaxed in December 2007 .
' The Chinese government makes all the right noises and promises to modernise things for foreign media but in practice the new rules are almost unenforceable when you get out in the provinces , ' he says .
CNN , which boasts one of the longest - standing Western media presences in Beijing , has tried to sidestep many of the problems its competitors face by teaming up with BMC , an arm of the official Beijing TV company .
But still , the network has hit serious impediments .
' We faced daunting political and logistic hurdles preparing for the coverage of the Beijing Olympics , ' says Jaime FlorCruz , CNN 's Beijing bureau chief .
' We still face frequent push - backs .
Some of our requests for interviews and shoots are turned down .
Logistics have been difficult too , but after some hiccups they seem to have fallen into place . '
China promised back in 2001 that ' there will be no restrictions on journalists reporting on the Olympic Games ' .
But it is clear this is not the case .
' I have spoken to journalists who say they have been denied press credentials to cover the Olympics because they have spoken or written about China 's human rights record , and issues like Darfur or Tibet , ' says Richard Bush , director of the Center for Northeast Asian Policy Studies and a fellow of the Brookings Institution , a Washington DC think - tank .
Indeed , reports also suggest that the government has ramped up visa restrictions and has clamped down on allowances for protests in and around Olympic events after the turmoil that surrounded the Olympic torch relay earlier this year .
Internet censorship has also been addressed , in part , for the duration of the games , as foreigners will be able to access much of what is available to them outside China but only from their designated internet access points in the various media locations and their hotels .
' The real question , ' Kuhn says , 'is how many restrictions Chinese journalists face , and what kind of internet censorship ordinary Chinese have to put up with ? '
It must not be forgotten , though , that China invited a media operation of a previously unimagined scale into the country , and is trying to meet its demands .
And the regime is trying to balance the needs of journalists with the real threat of a security breach .
In Beijing , model plane flights have been banned for the duration of the games , while unessential medical operations have been stopped to make sure there is an adequate supply of blood in case of a terrorist attack .
' Hopefully foreign journalists visiting China for the first time will take the time to look beyond the propaganda , ' says Kuhn , adding that he believes the games have brought a modicum of hope to those wanting media reform .
' The fact is that the rules for foreign journalists have been changed .
And I think to some extent you can't put the genie back in the bottle . '
When the Commonwealth of Massachusetts issued Michael Fiola a Dell Latitude in November 2006 , it set off a chain of events that would cost him his job , his friends and about a year of his life , as he fought criminal charges that he had downloaded child pornography onto the laptop .
Last week , prosecutors dropped their year - old case after a state investigation of his computer determined there was insufficient evidence to prove he had downloaded the files .
An initial state investigation had come to the opposite conclusion , and authorities took a second look at Fiola 's case only after he hired a forensic investigator to look at his laptop .
What she found was scary , given the gravity of the charges against him : The Microsoft SMS ( Systems Management Server ) software used to keep his laptop up to date was not functional .
Neither was its antivirus protection .
And the laptop was crawling with malicious programs that were most likely responsible for the files on his PC .
Fiola had been an investigator with the state 's Department of Industrial Accidents , examining businesses to see whether they had worker 's compensation plans .
Over the past two days , however , he 's become a spokesman for people who have had their lives ruined by malicious software .
He now works as an insurance salesman in North Scituate , Rhode Island
Following is an edited transcript of a telephone interview he gave to the IDG News Service .
IDGNS : Why did you need a laptop at the Department of Industrial Accidents ?
Michael Fiola :
We had a laptop basically to do our reports instantaneously .
If I went to a business and found that they were out of compliance , I would log on and type in a report so it could get back to the home office in Boston immediately .
We also used it to research businesses .
IDGNS : Had you used a work laptop before ?
Fiola : Yes , this was a second - generation laptop .
My [ first ] computer was stolen out of my vehicle outside of work in Boston in November 2006 .
IDGNS : How long had you been using a laptop before this one was stolen in November ?
Fiola : About a year and a half .
IDGNS : Did you notice anything strange about this new laptop when you started using it ?
Fiola :
Not at all .
I 'm not that computer - savvy of a person .
I 'm more of a hunt - and - peck type of guy .
I can get in , I can do my e-mail .
You tell me to do this form , I can do this form , and that 's about it .
I typically do n't search the Internet , I typically do n't go out and browse .
I do n't play any games .
I do n't go to chat rooms ; never have , never will .
I was basically using it for my job .
IDGNS : When did you become aware that there was a problem ?
Fiola :
When they fired me in March .
IDGNS : What happened ?
Fiola :
My boss called me into his office at 9 a .m .
The director of the Department of Industrial Accidents , my immediate supervisor , and the personnel director were there .
They handed me a letter and said , " You are being fired for a violation of the computer usage policy .
You have pornography on your computer .
You 're fired .
Clean out your desk .
Let 's go . "
They escorted me to my desk , they watched me clean my personal stuff out of my desk , they escorted me out of the building to my vehicle .
IDGNS : What was you reaction ?
Fiola : Shock .
I said , " What are you people talking about ?
I do n't understand ? "
And they would n't talk to me .
They said , " We 've been advised by our attorney not to talk to you . "
It felt like the blood drained right from my body .
I never expected anything like this to happen .
IDGNS : How did this affect your life ?
Fiola :
It was horrible .
No paycheck .
I lost all my benefits .
I lost my insurance .
My wife is very , very understanding .
She took the bull by the horns and found an attorney .
I was just paralyzed , I could n't do anything .
I can't describe the feeling to you .
I would n't wish this on my worst enemy .
It 's just devastating .
If you get in a car accident and you kill somebody , people talk to you afterwards .
All our friends abandoned us .
The only family that stood by us was my dad , her parents , my stepdaughter and one other good friend of ours .
And that was it .
Nobody called .
We spent many weekends at home just crying .
I 'm 53 years old and I do n't think I 've cried as much in my whole life as I did in the past 18 months .
IDGNS : So what do you think happened ?
Fiola :
It was either a rogue hack ... or after my computer was stolen , [ the new computer ] might have been loaded with the stuff , ready to go .
I 'm not accusing anybody , but if it was someone in the IT department who was doing this , [ maybe they ] never had a chance to take it off of there .
IDGNS : The criminal charges against you have been dropped .
What about your job ?
Fiola : I will never go to work for them again .
I would not work for a company that would not protect its employees .
I feel they did n't protect me .
The SMS was disabled on that computer .
IDGNS : Has this changed the way you use computers ?
Fiola : Yeah it really has .
I use a laptop now for work , but I do not go online until I go home .
My days of surfing the Web are over , because I do n't wish this on anybody .
The Supreme Court ruled this week to extend access to the federal courts to detainees at Guantanamo Bay .
When reporters asked John McCain for his reaction a few hours later , he struck a disappointed note , but seemed pretty level - headed about the case .
“ [ I ] t is a decision that the Supreme Court has made , ” McCain said .
“ Now we need to move forward .
As you know I always favored closing Guantanamo Bay and I still think we ought to do that . ”
That McCain did not share the right ’s apoplexy over the ruling was not especially surprising — his record is that of someone not entirely comfortable with the Bush administration ’s detainee policy .
Indeed , in 2003 , McCain blasted the administration ’s notion of indefinite detentions and publicly challenged the Pentagon ( specifically , Rumsfeld ) to resolve the matter by either processing the detainees as war criminals or returning them to their home countries for trials .
Shortly thereafter , McCain added that the detainees “ have rights under various human rights declarations , ” one of which is “ the right not to be detained indefinitely . ”
The Bush administration ignored McCain ’s advice , and the two - year detentions McCain was worried about have since become six - and seven - year detentions .
It makes sense , then , that McCain struck a moderate tone yesterday .
Apparently , though , moderation did n’t poll well overnight .
Yesterday , McCain quickly embraced the far - right line and denounced the ruling in the strongest of terms .
John McCain weighed in on the U.S. Supreme Court decision on the rights of Guantanamo Bay prisoners to challenge their detention in U.S. courts at a town hall meeting Friday , calling the 5 - 4 decision “ one of the worst decisions in the history of this country . ”
McCain said he that while he has been a vocal opponent of torture and advocated closing Guantanamo , he does not believe prisoners deserve the same rights as U.S. citizens .
“ These are enemy combatants , these are people who are not citizens , they are not and never have been given the rights that the citizens of this country have , ” he said .
“ Our first obligation is the safety and security of this nation and the men and women who defend it . ”
Remember the good ol ’ days ?
Before John McCain became a shameless hack ?
Good times , good times .
Boumediene is not “ one of the worst decisions in the history of this country . ”
McCain must know this , but the ruling seems to be inspiring all kinds of right - wing hyperbole .
Did you catch what Scalia wrote in his dissent ?
“ The game of bait - and - switch that today ’s opinion plays upon the Nation ’s Commander in Chief will make the war harder on us .
It will almost certainly cause more Americans to be killed .
The Nation will live to regret what the Court has done today . ”
For a less unhinged perspective , there are plenty of great analyses of the court ’s ruling , but as always , I ’m partial to Dahlia Lithwick ’s take .
This raises the question of what Scalia would do with these prisoners , many of whom have been held for six years without charges .
If they ca n’t reasonably be tried or released , it must be a great comfort to believe that they are all killers and terrorists , and no further proof is needed .
The claim that the majority handed Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and the others at Guantanamo the keys to the cells is absurd on its face .
As Justice Kennedy is careful to point out in his majority opinion , the court is not ordering the release of any detainees ; it is restoring their fundamental right to a habeas proceeding before a neutral fact - finder .
The court did not get to the question of whether the president has authority to detain these petitioners .
Nor did it actually grant anyone a writ .
The majority did not strike down the MCA or find the military trials the Bush administration established to be unconstitutional .
The court merely said that the petitioners are entitled to some reasonable approximation of a habeas corpus proceeding , and that the jumped - up pretrial hearings known as Combatant Status Review Tribunals just do n’t substitute .
Chief Justice John Roberts may insist that these tribunals represent everything a prisoner could ever wish for in the way of due process rights .
But Justice Kennedy points out that the detainees ’ lack of a real lawyer and their inability to rebut the charges against them make for a process that is , by definition , “ closed and accusatorial ” and thus open to “ considerable risk of error . ”
( Not to mention that if a CSRT finds that you ’re NOT an enemy combatant , they can just order a do - over ! )
Such error may result in a lifetime of detention .
The majority is n’t persuaded the risk is worth it .
Wrote Kennedy : “ Given that the consequence of error may be detention of persons for the duration of hostilities that may last a generation or more , this is a risk too significant too ignore . ”
And in the end , this is the fight between the majority and the dissent : Kennedy and the justices who signed his opinion ( David Souter , John Paul Stevens , Stephen Breyer , and Ruth Bader Ginsburg ) are worried about the very real risk of a lifetime of mistaken imprisonment .
And the dissenters ( Scalia , Roberts , Clarence Thomas , and Samuel Alito ) are worried about the risk of … what ?
Not an actual mistaken release , but a day in court .
The big threat here is of federal court review that may — somewhere far down the line , and at the moment entirely hypothetically — result in the release of a detainee or ( more attenuated still ) the disclosure of a piece of hypothetical information that could help the terrorists in their fight against us . [… ]
In the event that one of the prisoners who has suffered years of abuse and mistreatment at Guantanamo is someday actually released following a federal habeas proceeding and blows something up , Scalia wants to be able to point at Justice Kennedy as the man who let him go .
Or if in the course of a someday trial , a piece of evidence is leaked that somehow strengthens a terrorist group , he can blame Kennedy for his blind faith in the federal courts .
The dissenters here are unwilling to bear the risk that any of the 270 men at Guantanamo — among them people who were grabbed as teens and others who claim actual innocence — go free .
And , indeed , reasonable people can disagree about whether that risk is too much to bear .
But Scalia and his dissenting friends today made clear that this is not the risk to which they most object .
What they cannot accept is the risk that their brothers and sisters on the federal bench — with decades of judicial experience and the Constitution to light their way — might now do what they are trained to do : hear cases .
That McCain would consider this “ one of the worst decisions in the history of this country , ” suggests he ’s truly gone — and he ’s not coming back .
The Tower Bridge replica took 10 years to complete
A former roadworker has spent 10 years building a replica of Tower Bridge out of matches - two years longer than it took to build the real London landmark .
Michael Williams , of Shoeburyness , Essex , used 1.6 m matches to turn his model - making hobby into a full time job and create the wooden artwork .
" I just wanted to do something different - the most famous landmark in the world , " the 42 - year - old said .
He said he hopes the 6ft ( 1.8 m ) model will go from a garage to a museum .
Completed in 1894 , Tower Bridge spans 800 ft ( 244 m ) across the river Thames .
Fire alert
Its replica stands 2ft 6in ( 76 cm ) tall and 2ft ( 61 cm ) wide , and is lit up inside and out .
The model has had three re-fits - problems with the lights almost saw the bridge go up in smoke when they failed - and Mr Williams said he had to strip the model back .
" The new bulbs have 100,000 hours .
Being matchsticks I had to get it correct , I did n't want to replace them , " he said .
Mr Williams said his friends used to think he was potty when he started creating the replica .
But that has not put him off start working on a new model .
" I can't say what it is , I 'm going to keep it quiet until it is finished , " he added .
By Martin Bosworth
In order for a disparate group of individuals to band together into a workable community , there have to be rules , both implicit and explicit .
There are laws that people agree to follow to preserve the good of the whole , and there are social constructs developed that the members adhere to .
“ Do n’t screw your friends . ” “ Play fair . ” “ You get what you pay for . ”
Basic principles that everyone ( at least overtly ) respects , thus maintaining the even keel of the group .
But we ’ve seen over the last thirty years a slow , deliberate erosion of those sort of rules , replaced with the glorification of the individual self as paramount .
Nothing else matters but you and what you get for yourself .
As long as you profit and make out okay , fuck everyone else .
This has led to deliberately hostile , antagonistic moves between the buyer and seller in almost every kind of financial transaction imaginable , and many other social obligations besides .
The name of the game is to screw the other guy , before he screws you .
MSNBC reporter , columnist , and author Bob Sullivan has explored the erosion of the social contract through the lens of what he smartly calls “ gotcha capitalism ” – how big businesses use inscrutable agreements , hidden fees , and “ gotcha ” penalties to wring extra profit from the consumer in everything from credit cards to cable TV contracts , taking advantage of nonexistent regulatory oversight to work their will .
As Sullivan writes :
Fundamentally , â€ œGotcha Capitalismâ€ is a story about the death of the price tag , about the constant bait - and - switch tactics that layer on fees and surcharges long after weâ€™re in a position to bargain over them .
Itâ€™s about rampant false advertising , about the explosion of small print and asterisks and about the seeming disappearance of federal authorities working to keep our marketplaces fair .
It ’s about a threat to our economic system , which was designed to reward good companies with innovative products , low prices and smart employees , but now benefits cheating companies who hire the best liars and create the most misleading ads and confusing fine print .
You can see Sullivan ’s theory ( described at length in his excellent book of the same name ) play out in decisions like that of Bank of America , which recently decided to hike the interest rates of many of its cardholders for literally no reason–at least no reason it would name , but in truth to help shore up its losses from exposure to the collapsed mortgage market .
Essentially , the bank made a huge number of bad deals and is literally punishing its good customers in order to protect itself .
By any standard , this is not playing fair .
Speaking of mortgages and not playing fair , Sullivan ’s theory manifests again in a withering editorial by Elliot Spitzer , former Attorney General and current Governor of New York .
Spitzer blasts the Bush Administration for actively opposing states ’ efforts to combat predatory lending , even going so far as to pass federal regulations that blocked states from bringing suits against subprime lenders .
The social contract has been broken .
Businesses use every trick in the book , from mandatory arbitration to universal default , to screw consumers over .
Our areas of redress in government have not only diminished to insignificance , but often actively assist corporations in screwing us over .
Is it any wonder , then , that citizens no longer feel an obligation to uphold their own social contracts , and do things like walk away from homes buried in debt ? :
In recent years , we have also become aware of shifting social attitudes : debt is no longer viewed as a “ moral ” obligation , a binding social contract between consenting parties , but as an adversarial relationship between borrower and lender .
Therefore , as conservative businesspeople we must also account for a higher probability that borrowers will walk away from their debts , if it suits them .
( This phenomenon requires a discussion all by itself .
In brief , I believe it is ultimately the product of leadership failure , the placing of inordinate emphasis on “ free ” markets and individualism instead of regulation and the development of cohesive social structures .
Let me put it in this – admittedly extreme - way : in the jungle no one owes anything to anyone . )
The glorification of the individual as the ultimate center of the universe brings with it a concurrent lack of shame or guilt .
If you are all that matters –if you are everything there is –then you feel no remorse about anything you do .
We ’ve seen this abhorrent behavior made manifest in the every action of our so - called “ leader ” for the past eight years , but even Bush is just a symptom of the larger trend .
And as a commenter on Sudden Debt notes , that lack of shame has spread from corporations down to individuals , who no longer care about the consequences of defaulting on loans or their mortgages :
I believe the shift in attitude re debt is due to the adversarial attitude taken by lenders .
Anyone who ’s ever had a debt collector after them can attest to that .
Consumers have finally figured out the game .
Defaulting on debt has always been a business decision , but the consumer has baggage of shame and guilt .
The cut - throat attitude of lenders in getting consumers to borrow , and then collecting the debt has finally taken its toll .
Consumers have woken up , and did the only thing they can – refuse to pay .
In order for a society to function , there have to be rules that everyone adheres to .
If no one follows the rules , then it really is every man for himself .
And if we do n’t stop glorifying the self as the ultimate–if we do n’t stop treating citizens like criminals and patsies to be played and bilked at every turn–if we do n’t reinvest our common government with the power to protect its people –then we ’ll have no society .
Welcome to the jungle .
UPDATE : I would be remiss if I did n’t include a link to Sean - Paul Kelley of the Agonist , who communicated very similar sentiments last week , and quoted from the always - excellent Mish Shedlock in the doing .
( Special thanks to Open Left for tipping me off to the Sudden Debt blog . )
The U.S. senators floated a bill Thursday boosting copyright and trademark protection , legislation that would allow the attorney general to prosecute civil cases of infringement and one that allows for the forfeiture of hardware used to infringe .
The measure , much of which mirrors a similar bill the House passed last year , doubles penalties and the statutory damages in trademark counterfeiting cases to a range of $ 1,000 to $ 200,000 for use of a counterfeit mark , and to $ 2,000,000 for willful use of a counterfeit mark .
Most important , the measure , like the House version , creates an executive - level Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator , which would require Senate confirmation .
The executive and its office would be charged with creating a nationwide plan to combat piracy and " report directly to the president and Congress regarding domestic international intellectual property enforcement programs . "
The bill ( .pdf ) encourages federal - state anti-piracy task forces , the training of other countries about IP enforcement and , among other things , institutes an FBI piracy unit .
A host of intellectual property rights groups applauded the bill .
Public Knowledge , a non -profit digital rights group , said it went too far .
" This bill would turn the Justice Department into an arm of the legal departments of the entertainment companies by authorizing DOJ to file civil lawsuits for infringement , forcing taxpayers to foot the bill , " said Gigi Sohn , President of Public Knowledge .
The music and motion picture industries have sued thousands of individuals for copyright infringement .
It 's too early to say how the measure , if approved by Congress , would work in practice .
" Better coordination and stronger enforcement of intellectual property laws at home and abroad will have a positive impact not only on the music industry , but on the overall US economy , encouraging growth , job creation and trade , " said David Israelite , CEO of the National Music Publishers ' Association .
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , a Democrat from Vermont , was among the main backers of the bill .
He said the legislation – which also allows for the confiscation of property " derived from any proceeds " gained from infringement – was necessary .
" The time has come to bolster the Federal effort to protect this most valuable and vulnerable property , to give law enforcement the resources and the tools it needs to combat piracy and counterfeiting , and to make sure that the many agencies that deal with intellectual property enforcement have the opportunity and the incentive to talk with each other , to coordinate their efforts , and to achieve the maximum effects for their efforts .
This bill does just that , " he said .
The bill also has a global reach .
It charges the new Copyright Czar to " identify and give priority to those countries where programs of training and technical assistance can be carried out most effectively and with the greatest benefit to reducing counterfeit and pirated products in the United States market . "
Illustration psd
See Also :
Working With History in Bash
Yesterday we talked about favorite bash features ( on the ##textmate IRC channel ) .
I figured it was worth posting mine to this blog , they mostly revolve around history , hence the title .
Setup
My shell history collects a lot of complex command invocations which take time to figure out .
To ensure that I have access to them at a later time , I have the following 3 lines in my bash init :
export HISTCONTROL=erasedups export HISTSIZE=10000 shopt -s histappend
The first one will remove duplicates from the history ( when a new item is added ) .
For example if you switch between running make and ./ a.out in a shell , you may later find that the last 100 or so history items is a mix of these two commands .
Not very useful .
The second one increase the history size .
With duplicates erased , the history already holds a lot more actual information , but I still like to increase the default size of only 1,000 items .
The third line ensures that when you exit a shell , the history from that session is appended to ~/.bash_history .
Without this , you might very well lose the history of entire sessions ( rather weird that this is not enabled by default ) .
History Searching
Now that I have my history preserved nicely in ~/. bash_history there are a few ways to search it .
Using Grep
The most crude is grep .
You can do :
history |grep iptables
For me ( on this particular Linux server ) I get :
4599 iptables - N http - block 4600 iptables - A http- block -s 58.60.43.196 -j DROP 4601 iptables -A INPUT -p tcp -- dport 80 -j http - block 4602 iptables - L http - block 4603 iptables - save -c 4604 history |grep iptables
I do this often enough to have an alias for history ( which is just h ) .
From the output I can either copy / paste the stuff I want , or repeat a given history event .
You ’ll notice that each history event has a number , you can repeat e.g. event number 4603 simply by running :
! 4603
I will write a bit more about referencing history events in History Expansion .
Prefix Searching
Similar to how you can press arrow up for the previous history event , there is a function you can invoke for the previous history event with the same prefix as what is to the left of the insertion point .
This function is called history - search - backward and by default does not have a key equivalent .
So to actually reach this function , I have the following in ~/.inputrc ( or /etc / inputrc when I control the full system ) :
" \ep " : history - search - backward
This places the function on ⎋ P ( escape P ) .
So if I want to repeat the iptables - save -c history event we found in previous section , all I do is type ipt and hit ⎋P .
If it finds a later event with the same prefix , hit ⎋P again to go further back .
This functionality is offered by the readline library , so if you setup this key , you have access to prefix searching in all commands which use this library .
Incremental Search
It is possible to press ⌃R to do an incremental ( interactive ) search of the history .
Personally I am not a big fan of this feature , so I will leave it at that :)
Update :
The reason I dislike ⌃R is both because the interactive stuff just seems to get in the way ( when ⎋ P is what I need 99 % of the time ) and because it fails in cases where I “ switch shell ” , for example I may do : ssh mm press return , then instantly type : f⎋P and again hit return ( to execute free - m on the server called mm ) .
I enter this before the connection to the server has been fully established , and here ⌃R would have been taken by the local shell , but it is the shell history at the server I want to search .
History Expansion
History Expansion was what we did above when we ran ! 4603 .
It is a DSL for referencing history events and optionally run transformations on these .
Anyone interested in this should run man bash and search for History Expansion , but just to give you a feel for what it is , I will reference a subset of the manual and provide a few examples .
Event Designators
First , an event designator starts with !
and then the event we want to reference .
This can be :
«n » Reference event number « n » . -« n» Go « n » events back .
!
Last line ( this is the default ) .
# Current line . « text »
Last event starting with « text » .
?« text »
Last event containing « text » .
So if we want to re-run our iptables - save -c we can do : !ipt .
What ’s more useful though is to use history references as part of larger commands .
For example take this example :
% which ruby /usr / bin / ruby % ls -l $ (!!) lrwxr - xr-x 1 root wheel 76 30 Oct 2007 /usr / bin/ruby -> ../../ System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/Current/usr/bin/ruby
Or something like :
% make some_target ( no errors ) % path / to / target some arguments ( no errors ) % !-2 && !-1
Word Designators
In the previous section we referenced entire history events .
It is possible to reference just a subset of a history event by appending a : to the event designator and then the word of interest , the two most useful are :
«n » Reference the « n » ’th word .
$ Reference the last word .
So for example we can do :
% mkdir -p / path/to/our/www-files ( no errors ) % chown www : www !$ ( no errors )
Here we reference last word of last line .
We can also reference stuff on the same line , e.g. :
% cp / path/to/important/file !#:1_backup
To reference the last word of last line one can also press ⎋_ which will immediately insert that word .
Modifiers
To make history substitution even more useful ( and harder to remember ) , one can also add a modifier to the event designator .
The most useful modifiers are in my experience :h and :t , these are head and tail respectively or better know as dirname and basename .
An example could be :
% ls -l / path / to / some / file ( listing of file ) % cd !$:h ( change directory to that of file )
Brace Expansion
Somewhat related to the backup example where we reference the first argument as !#:1 and append _backup to this , another approach is bracket expansion .
Anywhere on a command line , one can write {a , b , c} which will expand to the 3 words a , b , and c .
If we include a prefix / suffix , that will be part of each of the expanded words .
We can also leave the word in the braces empty , and have it expand to just the prefix / suffix , so for example we can do :
% cp / path/to/important/file{ , _backup}
This is functionally equivalent to :
% cp / path/to/important/file !#:1_backup
But lack of hardcoded word number is IMO an improvement .
General
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
Successful women in the tech trenches share their insights and tackle subjects ranging from how to search out a strong mentor to how to be one -- from how to advance in a large company to how to start your own firm .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
In the 1980s , auto manufacturers began using simple computers called the " engine control unit , " or ECU , to monitor and regulate such things as fuel mixture and spark plug timing .
Since then , a cottage industry has developed around hardware and software to bypass , tinker with or replace this system .
A significant chunk of the players in this space use open source software , which cuts down on costs and improves the development process .
Open source usage in the automotive industry is small but growing .
This cottage industry is thriving among hard - core car buffs and open source zealots .
However , the mainstream automotive industry has shown little interest in revamping traditional proprietary platforms or replacing them with a full line of open source alternatives .
Car geeks have begun to incorporate other on - board computing functions into their tinkering , such as audio - video controls and on - board Internet interfaces .
Products are available that replace some of the engine control units and fuel injection systems with hardware driven by open source .
Their use , though , is strictly aftermarket and experimental .
The car owner using them bears all of the responsibility for installing them and getting them to work .
" Despite various efforts over the past couple of years , open source software has yet to make much headway into on - board automotive computing , " David " Lefty " Schlesinger , director of open source technologies for Access Systems America , told LinuxInsider .
The company provides software solutions for mobile beyond the PC uses .
" That said , " he continued , " Access views this as a key area for development . "
What 's On Board
The automotive industry grew up without the involvement of the Linux operating system or open source products .
Instead , engineers developed systems that met the needs of their own product lines .
" Many manufacturers are using proprietary systems .
Linux is the newcomer .
It has not been around long enough .
It needs a large shift for the auto industry to more openly accept Linux in these areas , " Peter Schulmeyer , director of strategy and microcontroller solutions for Freescale Semiconductor , told LinuxInsider .
Many car makers are using standards based on the evolving AutoStar and OSEK OS ( Open Systems and their Interfaces for the Electronics in Motor Vehicles ) , which was developed 10 years ago , he said .
The industry is not yet seeing Linux as stable enough to be used more extensively .
In addition , automakers use 70 or more separate electronic control units in a typical car today .
Each one uses its own code for separate functions , according to Wayne Chavez , Automotive MCU product enablement manager at Freescale Semiconductor .
" Linux is a good fit for some of these systems but not all of them .
There are lots of control jobs that Linux is not needed for .
Why spend money to put in a larger OS like Linux ?
It does n't make sense , " Chavez told LinuxInsider .
Fitting In Linux
The automotive industry is huge , and different sectors have different needs .
Linux just is not good fit for things like the antilock braking systems ( ABS ) , window lift controls and other control functions , Schulmeyer noted .
However , Linux and other open source products are already making contributions to onboard computing .
In fact , a growing use of Linux is reaching trend status .
" Linux is nested in the consumer stack in three areas : Informatics , telemetric and navigation .
These services are largely based on the Linux platform , " Schlesinger said .
Eventually , Linux and its open source cousins will find a more plentiful role as car makers flesh out their vehicles with more high - tech features and engine controls .
But it will take time .
" We see Linux fading in for consumers but not for control for another five to seven years .
It may take even longer , " Schulmeyer predicted .
Linux to Go
Freescale has already developed a comprehensive Linux OS for car makers .
Automotive Grade Linux ( AGL ) is a real - time operating system based on the Linux 2.6 kernel .
It offers a Linux software solution to the automotive industry .
The company uses an enhanced Linux kernel to meet automotive performance specifications .
This product gives automotive developers a Linux - based alternative to expensive , proprietary based software .
It provides a full standards - based platform for royalty - free distribution .
Automotive Grade Linux technology is available with Freescale 's MPC5200 Board Support Package ( BSP ) , which serves the processing - intensive audio jukebox automotive market .
All AGL Patches are open source software with the source code patches included in the BSP .
Familiar Path
Some open source developers looking at the automotive market see Linux and open source following a much - traveled foreign developmental path .
Consider the growth of Linux in the mobile phone market .
The automotive industry is following a development path similar to that of mobile phones , according to Schlesinger .
Initially , all cell phones ran idiosyncratic , proprietary software .
Then systems became more complex .
Consumers wanted their products to be always connected .
So it got to be less feasible for organizations to write all the necessary code themselves .
That boosted the use of open source code in cell phones over proprietary choices , Schlesinger explained .
" We believe the same thing will happen in automotive applications .
The increasing value of having various devices interoperate with one another -- and with the broader Internet -- will result in greater use of open source software in automotive systems , largely in direct end - user functions like entertainment , communications , navigation and the like , " he said .
Linux is not yet optimized for real - time control systems , according to Chavez .
Other aftermarket vendors agree that Linux for cars has to grow up more before it can replace existing industry - developed software such as the ECU .
An electronic control unit , or ECU , controls various aspects of an internal combustion engine 's operation .
Simple designs control only the quantity of fuel injected into each cylinder of each engine cycle .
More advanced ECUs found on most modern cars also control the ignition timing , variable valve timing ( VVT ) , the level of boost maintained by the turbocharger if one is installed and control other peripherals .
Before ECUs , most engine parameters were fixed .
The quantity of fuel per cylinder per engine cycle was determined by a carburetor or injector pump .
For example , ECUs determine the quantity of fuel , ignition timing and other parameters by monitoring the engine through sensors .
These can include the manifold absolute pressure sensor , the throttle position sensor , the air temperature sensor , the oxygen sensor and many others .
Often this is done using a control loop ( such as a parameter ID controller ) .
Slow Go
Many car makers have looked at possible advantages of proprietary systems over open source .
Their conclusions :
Why reinvent the wheel with open source , noted Schlesinger .
However , he does not think that the growth of open source in vehicles is a question of waiting for development .
It 's more an issue of car makers figuring out how to leverage what already exists .
" The technical issues are compounded with intellectual properties issues .
Also , there is a lack of open source experts in - house so there is often misinformation that shuts down any further consideration , " Schlesinger explained .
Glimpse of the Future
Schlesinger sees a push for more use of open source coming from developments made by foreign car makers .
This is how Linux development in mobile phones set the pace in the U.S. market .
New technology in phones typically comes to the U.S. about 18 months or longer after being established elsewhere .
" I expect to see these developments first come from countries such as China and Korea , " he predicted .
A driver for more use of open source in U.S. cars will be the need for automakers to produce broader management of services in cars .
Then the U.S. will follow the foreign leaders .
That is when open source will become more attractive .
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Grunting fish have helped scientists to date the origins of vocal sounds to about 400 million years ago .
Toadfish and midshipman fish use a variety of different sounds to attract mates and scare off rivals .
Now US researchers have found that the area of a fish 's brain that drives vocalisation is extremely primitive .
Writing in the journal Science , they say it suggests that the ability to communicate through sound emerged very early in the evolution of vertebrates .
Andrew Bass from Cornell University , who is the lead author of the paper , said : " You 'll hear frogs calling , birds singing and we hear this all the time - we are familiar with this .
" But I think it 's fair to say that most people are unaware of the fact that many fish use sound for social communication . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The closely related toadfish and midshipman fish are nocturnal , living along the north - west coast of the US and Canada .
Professor Bass said : " They make different kinds of sounds in different social contexts .
Just as birds will use one call to attract a mate and another call to scare a rival off , the fish do exactly the same thing . "
A deep hum lures females to a male 's nest ; a sharp grunt is used to defend territory .
The researchers looked at the noisy creatures ' brains
To investigate the origins of vocalisation , the team looked at the area of the fish 's brain that was responsible for controlling the pitch and duration of the calls , which is known as vocal patterning .
Professor Bass told BBC
News : " We identified where this pattern generator developed in the brains of these fishes , and then we looked at where it was in frogs , birds and primates . "
The team discovered that the neural networks for vocalization were all situated in the same region .
" We stood back and said : ' Oh my god , this is all in the same place ' .
" It was astonishing how similar it was . "
You could see that was a very ancient part of the nervous system shared by all vertebrates
Andrew Bass , Cornell University
The team compared this information with the evolutionary " family tree " for vertebrates .
Because the evolution of the fish can be traced back further than that of amphibians , birds and primates , the team was able to deduce when the ability to vocalise came about .
Professor Bass said : " You could see that was a very ancient part of the nervous system shared by all vertebrates .
" We came to the conclusion that it must have evolved early in time before these different groups emerged from the evolutionary family tree - around the time when bony fishes evolved about 400 million years ago . "
The team is now looking at genes involved in sound production .
Professor Bass said : " Maybe then we will find even more evidence for commonality .
That 's an exciting prospect . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tourists would be banned from climbing Uluru in protest over the Northern Territory intervention , a protest rally in Sydney has heard .
Vince Forrester , an elder from the Mutitjulu people who are the traditional owners of the tourist icon , said closing the rock to climbers would highlight the problems caused by the " draconian " intervention plan .
He addressed about 300 people who gathered at The Block , on the CBD 's southern edge , before they marched into the city to mark the one - year anniversary of the intervention .
Anonymous pranksters who made a fake Facebook profile for a high school dean and used it to send out messages may soon be exposed , thanks to a court order issued late last week .
Dean Tim Puntarelli of Roncalli High School — a Catholic prep school on the south side of Indianapolis — sued the social networking site in an attempt to find out who is behind the profile , citing harassment and identity theft .
Marion Superior Court Judge Robyn Moberly 's order is meant to identify the still - anonymous individuals so that Puntarelli and the Archdiocese of Indianapolis ( which operates the high school ) can hold them responsible for what they perceive to be character defamation , even though the profile is no longer up .
Dean Puntarelli first complained to Facebook a month ago , when he caught wind that those behind the profile had sent out inappropriate messages and images to Roncalli High students .
While the lawsuit is short on specifics , it referred to " pictures and messages inappropriate for a Dean of Students to send to a student . "
Facebook removed the profile after it was deemed to be fraudulent , but refused to hand over the IPs or any other identifying information about those who created it .
That 's why Puntarelli has now resorted to filing a lawsuit in hopes of forcing Facebook to hand over the information .
The social networking site has been ordered to preserve the details of the profile for further review .
Archdiocese attorney Jay Mercer told the Indianapolis Star that the school was waiting to learn more details before deciding whether to move forward with the lawsuit , and that the archdiocese was unsure of whether a student or someone unrelated to the school was responsible .
" The archdiocese hopes to resolve the issue as quickly as possible in order to restore damage done to Puntarelli 's reputation and to prevent this type of identity theft from happening again , " the archdiocese said in a statement sent to the press on Friday .
If you 're getting a feeling of déjà vu reading this story , it 's probably because the case is reminiscent of numerous fake principal / teacher profiles created on social networking sites like MySpace using less - than - flattering information .
In some cases , such as that of Hickory High School principal Eric Trosch and Clark High School assistant principal Anna Draker , the students who created the profiles have represented their school officials as drug addicts , alcoholics , and sexual predators .
This ultimately resulted in the school officials filing suit against the students ( and their parents ) .
Although judges have shown sympathy for students ' right to free speech and parody in some similar cases , Indiana University School of Law professor David Orentlicher told the Indianapolis Star that full - on defamation is another story .
" If it really is defamation , then students are subject to that , " Orentlicher said .
" Your right to freedom of speech does n’t give you the right to break the law . "
Further reading :
I ’ll blog some more about the extender progress tomorrow , but in the meantime , here ’s a screenshot showing some of the progress .
For your viewing pleasure :
Credit to pinheiro for his great extender dragger design . 🙂
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Where am I ? " --
Systems and Methods for Mobile Robot Positioning
by
J. Borenstein ( 1 ) , H. R. Everett ( 2 ) , and L. Feng( 3 )
Edited and compiled by J. Borenstein
March 1996
In March 1996 we posted the 1996 Edition of the report .
The 1996 Edition has 282 pages , 200 illustrations , and 400 references .
Electronic copies of this report in its entirety can be downloaded from http://www-personal.umich.edu/~johannb/Papers/pos96rep.pdf .
The 1996 Edition of the " Where am I " Report is also available on CD - ROM .
The CD - ROM includes seven 2 - to 4 - minute video clips that can be played back on Macs , PCS , and possibly UNIX workstations .
Also included are 17 background papers and detailed author information .
The content of the CD - ROM includes a total of 441 MB of data ( of which 36 MB are non-video information ) .
Last updated at 19:44 15 May 2008
Al - Qaeda fanatics are threatening to launch an attack on the two host countries of the Euro 2008 football tournament next month , according to Swiss security sources .
Militants posted messages on Islamist web forums , threatening to transform Switzerland and Austria " into hell , like the hell in Iraq and Afghanistan " .
Scroll down for more ...
UNDER THREAT ? : Stade de Geneve , a football stadium in Geneva , Switzerland , one of the host nations of the Euro 2008 football tournament
The championships , which begin on June 7 , will be hosted in Switzerland and Austria which are in a " terrorist danger zone " .
Juerg Buehler , a security expert with the Swiss federal police , said : " The Euro 2008 tournament is a potential target cited by the Islamist terrorist network . "
Today Daniele Bersier , spokeswoman of the Swiss federal office for police matters , admitted the world 's third largest sports event " could well be a rewarding goal from the perspective of terrorists " .
But she stressed there was no concrete evidence of a planned attack at this stage .
She said : " Nothing has changed in our analysis of the threat .
" It can be stated that so far there is no evidence of concrete actions in preparation of an attack on Switzerland or Euro 2008 . "
She said the security picture would become clearer as the event approaches , including the potential for violence by rightist or leftist militants in the four host Swiss cities , and said the authorities would act accordingly .
The threatening messages were posted on ' sos minbar ' and ' As - Sahab ' , two Islamist websites used by Al - Qa'eda and its followers .
Mr Buehler added : " We are taking these threats very seriously .
We are on alert and we are following these Jihad forums very closely .
" It is through these that Osama bin Laden 's agents awaken dormant cells .
" The situation is serious even if it is frustrated people hiding behind these sites . "
Another message on one of the sites read : " The hour has come for fighters of the faith .
They must make themselves heard " and " Austria must withdraw from Afghanistan . "
A report by Swiss federal police in April said the neutral Alpine country was " not a primary target of Islamist terrorism , even if the jihadists consider it as a ' state of crusade ' . "
The report said that the uncovering of " sleeper cells " in Britain , Denmark and Germany in the past year had shown that " homegrown " Islamist terrorism existed in Europe .
But there was no evidence of preparations for an attack on Switzerland .
It said militant activities in Switzerland were mainly limited to propaganda , logistics and financing for groups active in Iraq and other hotspots .
Having a ___ that can visit you when you ’re feeling down , or in the hospital recovering , is a small gesture with a big impact !
Right or wrong , you win !
Click on an answer and we ’ll provide kibble and supplies to animal shelters to help feed and care for their hungry dogs .
Play every day – the more you play , the more kibble for the dogs !
Grassroots aid growing for Iraq war vets GRASSROOTS AID GROWS : Groups are forming , volunteers stepping forward , help of many kinds emerging to meet needs of GIs back from war
###Live Caption : Former Marine Sean Scharf uses his bike to get around San Jose , as he saves money to purchase a modest car March 25 , 2008 .
It 's been two years since Sean Scharf returned home after serving with the Marines in Iraq .
Physically , heês fine .
But in many small ways , he 's still trying to make sense of the time he spent in a war zone .
Photo By Lance Iversen / San Francisco Chronicle .
###Caption History : Former Marine Sean Scharf uses his bike to get around San Jose , as he saves money to purchase a modest car March 25 , 2008 .
It �s been two years since Sean Scharf returned home after serving with the Marines in Iraq .
Physically , he�s fine .
But in many small ways , he 's still trying to make sense of the time he spent in a war zone .
Photo By Lance Iversen / San Francisco Chronicle .
###Notes : Lance Iversen 415-2979395 CQ
###Special Instructions : MANDATORY CREDIT PHOTOG AND SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE .
less ###Live Caption : Former Marine Sean Scharf uses his bike to get around San Jose , as he saves money to purchase a modest car March 25 , 2008 .
It 's been two years since Sean Scharf returned home after serving with ... more Photo : LANCE IVERSEN
Photo : LANCE IVERSEN
Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Grassroots aid growing for Iraq war vets 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
There is no shortage of veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan who need help adjusting to civilian life .
And , unlike during the Vietnam War , there is no shortage of civilians who want to embrace the nation 's returning warriors , even if they do n't support the war .
The challenge is how to connect the two groups , both of which often feel frustrated or intimidated by the military bureaucracy in their efforts to help or be helped .
That is evolving , as civilians - including many in an anti-war area like Northern California - are finding creative ways of connecting to the more than 1.6 million men and women who have served in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In California , they range from Silicon Valley entrepreneurs creating Craigslist - like community sites to serve returning soldiers to a Sierra foothills educator helping GIs find help through the community college classroom .
One new grassroots effort will take place at noon Monday , when more than 1,000 therapists from around the country will participate in an online forum on treating Iraq war vets suffering from trauma .
It can be seen at www.uctv.tv.
Each therapist has committed to giving a vet at least an hour a week of free counseling for as long as he or she may need it .
Monday 's event was coordinated by San Francisco 's Coming Home Project , a 2 - year - old all - volunteer nonprofit effort that has helped more than 300 vets and their families nationally cope with combat stress and other transition issues .
It recently received a large anonymous grant to expand its work and hire staff .
Helping to link groups
Many of the project 's two dozen volunteer therapists have been treating vets suffering from combat stress , much like other ad hoc therapist groups have done across the country .
Monday 's live - streamed forum is intended to link several of the other groups to exchange ideas and provide training .
" A lot of these therapists and vets are in the middle of Idaho or Iowa or Florida , and they 're far from a VA ( Veterans Affairs ) medical facility , " said Coming Home Project founder Joe Bobrow .
Bobrow , a 58 - year - old Richmond District clinical psychologist , was inspired to start the nonprofit after reading about the " travails of the returning vets , the murders , the suicides , the stress . "
He realized his 35 years as a therapist gave him " a special skill set that could help people . "
When Bobrow began to reach out to fellow therapists and other organizations , he found , " This same feeling was permeating the culture .
People were seeing the ravages of war , and they wanted to help .
If their skill set was creating a Web site , they 'd do that .
The sky is the limit when you have people who think outside the box and are n't afraid to cross party lines . "
Pride can interfere
But many vets do n't want to appear " damaged " or are too proud to ask for assistance .
Others are leery of accepting or seeking help from civilians , feeling that the only people who understand their patriotic service are others who served in the military .
While Veterans Affairs officials appreciate the support of community groups like Bobrow's , they 're careful about embracing them .
Because of privacy regulations , the VA can't disclose who has used their services .
Often , VA employees are reluctant to even hand out flyers from fledgling groups until thoroughly checking them out .
" The veterans and their families have suffered enough .
So when they put up a public profile or say they need help , we want to make sure they do n't get injured again , " said Patricia Matthews , a spokeswoman for the Veterans Affairs Palo Alto Health Center .
It is frustrating that " there is n't one organization that 's in charge of consolidating everything so people are not reinventing the wheel all of the time .
The question is , who is going to do that ?
The DOD ( Department of Defense ) ?
The VA ?
Who ? "
But Veterans Affairs is taking steps to reach out to community organizations .
For the past several months , more than three dozen longtime veterans organizations , such as Swords to Plowshares , and new groups , such as the Coming Home Project , have been meeting informally with Veterans Affairs officials and other military service groups as part of an umbrella organization called the California Statewide Collaborative .
Its three dozen members are coordinated by Morgan Hill resident Mary Ellen Salzano , a Marine mother who is connected to dozens of support groups and individuals nationwide .
While hundreds of homespun military support groups sprouted after the Sept. 11 attacks , many were focused on sending anything from coffee to body armor to troops stationed overseas .
The California Collaborative is unusual in its online and offline efforts to connect governmental , community and other private sector organizations interested in helping returning troops .
One member of the Collaborative is Dave Mahler .
For 30 years he has driven by the VA center in Palo Alto without stepping foot on the premises .
Mahler is a veteran not of the armed forces but of the Silicon Valley 's entrepreneurial class , having co-founded Remedy Corp. , a software startup that was sold for enough to allow the 51 - year - old not to have to work full time anymore .
Yet as casualties began increasing in Iraq a year ago , Mahler called the VA and asked " what I could do to help .
I 'll push a broom or read to somebody there or do anything . "
Internet support
After talking to VA officials , he realized he could do what he does best :
Use the Internet to connect vets to what they need , from a wheelchair to legal advice .
Last fall , with the help of several valley associates , he launched USA Together , www.usatogether.org, which matches vets with donors .
The site features photos and brief profiles of vets , along with descriptions of what they need .
One post , for example , suggested a $ 200 Wal - Mart gift card would help " John " get clothes and other basic necessities .
The VA's Matthews " loves the idea , " and also likes another Silicon Valley volunteer - run nonprofit called Rebuild Hope , www.rebuildhope.org, founded a little more than a month ago to connect donors with vets .
But both organizations face a common problem : Finding veterans who will advertise their needs .
Mahler said USA Together has helped " dozens " of vets and their families , Rebuild Hope just a handful so far .
" There 's no question there is a need for help , " said Dana Hendrickson , the Menlo Park founder of Rebuild Hope .
" The question is , How are you going to find people who are willing to ask for help in a public way ?
" But we 're not disappointed .
We 're in this for the long haul . "
Catherine Morris is trying a different approach to reach vets - through the classroom .
She 's a counselor at Sierra College in Rocklin , about a half - hour north of Sacramento .
The 46 - year - old veteran of the Army National Guard , Air National Guard and Marines grew concerned as she saw the number of Iraq vets swell on her campus .
Many , like Marine Sgt. Mark Green , felt civilians did n't understand what he'd been through .
He supervised 20 men when he was 19 , the same age as some of his classmates .
" A lot of military guys coming back to school are already four or five years older , and they 're around all these kids just out of high school who have n't been through the same things , " Green said .
" You go around campus and you want to connect with somebody who 's been through the same things . "
To stitch together the vets , Morris helped start a veterans club on campus .
Last fall , she invited the community to a forum on campus called " The Road Home : From Combat to College and Beyond . "
Next fall , she will expand on the success of the forum by starting a for - credit college success class called " Boots to Books . "
The class will offer life and career skills instruction and feature speakers from local vets centers .
Several veterans service providers are watching the program to see if it can be replicated elsewhere .
An estimated 17,000 young vets are currently enrolled in California 's community colleges .
A hidden toll
But other vets are choosing different paths .
It 's been two years since Sean Scharf returned home after serving with the Marines in Iraq .
Physically , he 's fine .
But the 27 - year - old San Jose resident and San Jose City College student carries the unseen toll of the horrors he 's seen .
The nightmares .
The hyper -vigilance in public places .
He does n't want to talk about them to anybody other than his military buddies .
So he is choosing to work with the new Bay Area Chapter of Vets4Vets , which connects returning soldiers with those who can best appreciate what they 've been through .
The growing consensus is that to best help returning vets , the military must do something that it does n't often do - be more open to cooperating with community groups , private industry , nonprofits and civilian volunteers .
" We do n't know how this will play out over 10 , 15 , 30 years , " said retired Brig .
Gen. Stephen Xenakis , a psychiatrist who specializes in treating post - traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury .
" It will require changing the model of how we deal with things . "
Where to get help : A listing of a number of agencies dedicated to veterans , and how to contact them .
A7
Jobs for vets : Chronicle columnist Debra J. Saunders says it 's not enough to support the troops as they return from war .
U.S. companies need to hire soldiers who went to Iraq .
Insight , G6
Update :
It turns out this story is a fabrication and AFP did n’t check the facts with NASA as I suspected .
According to the blog Cosmos4u , they talked with Don Yeomans at NASA ’s NEO office and this is what Yeoman ’s said about the news story of a 13 - year old boy correcting NASA ’s estimates of Apohpis impacting earth : “ We have not corresponded with this young man and this story is absurd , a hoax or both .
During its 2029 Earth close approach , Apophis will approach the Earth to about 38,900 km , well inside the geosynchronous distance at 42,240 km .
However , the asteroid will cross the equatorial belt at a distance of 51,000 km – well outside the geosynchronous distance .
Since the uncertainty on Apophis ’ position during the Earth close approach is about 1500 km , Apophis cannot approach an Earth satellite .
Apophis will not cross the moon ’s orbital plane at the Moon ’s orbital distance so it cannot approach the moon either . ”
Also , the scientist mentioned in AFP ’s story said he was n’t conferred with either by the news agency .
So do n’t give any heed to this story that has been running amok around the internet .
But here ’s our story on this as it originally ran : Hereâ€™s a story that supports the value of science fairs .
And it also makes one wonder where else NASAâ€™s decimal points might be off by a couple of places .
One caveat on this news piece , however : as far as I know there hasnâ€™t been an official NASA press release on this .
Reportedly , a 13 - year - old German schoolboy doing research for a science competition found errors in NASA ’s estimates on the chances of the asteroid Apophis colliding with Earth .
The boy , Nico Marquardt used data from the Institute of Astrophysics in Potsdam to calculate that there was a 1 in 450 chance that the Apophis asteroid will collide with Earth .
NASA had previously estimated the chances at only 1 in 45,000 , but according to an AFP news release , NASA now acknowledges the kid is right .
( Actually , no they do n’t . )
Nico took into consideration the risk of Apophis running into one or more of the 40,000 satellites orbiting Earth during its path close to the planet on April 13 , 2029 .
Satellites in geosynchronous orbit travel at 3.07 kilometers a second ( 1.9 miles ) , at up to 35,880 kilometers above earth — and the Apophis asteroid will pass by earth at a distance of 32,500 kilometers .
If the asteroid strikes a satellite in 2029 , that could change its trajectory making it hit earth on its next orbit in 2036 .
Still , 1 in 450 is pretty long odds .
But the odds of Apophis hitting Earth seem to change like the tide .
At first , in 2004 when the asteroid was first discovered , the odds were estimated at about 1 in 233 .
Later it went down to 1 in about 40 , and even later still it went up to 1 in 7,143,000 .
Obviously , scientists are still refining the 2029 Apophis orbit .
Apophis is about 320 m ( 1150 ft ) long and an estimated mass of 4.6Ã — 1010 kg .
AFP says both NASA and Marquardt agree that if the asteroid does collide with earth , the ball of iron and iridium â€ œwill crash into the Atlantic Ocean.â€  OK â€ “ that puts up a red flag right there on this news report .
Right now , itâ€™s fairly long odds that the asteroid will hit the Earth â€ “ how can anyone say exactly where it will hit ?
The news piece goes on to say the shockwaves from the impact would create huge tsunami waves , destroying both coastlines and inland areas , â€ œwhilst creating a thick cloud of dust that would darken the skies indefinitely .
â€ ( Gotta love that â€œwhilstâ€ stuff . )
This is a nice story as far as a little kid correcting big NASA , but I want to see the official news from NASA on this .
Original News Source : AFP
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - More companies could choose to sell additional junk bonds rather than pay interest to investors as they try to conserve cash in a weakening economy .
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange March 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
Along with drawing down revolving lines of credit and exchanging old debt for new , this is another sign that some firms are experiencing financial distress in the current economic environment , analysts said .
The option to pay interest with debt is available to companies that sold pay - in - kind ( PIK ) toggle bonds when bondholders were lending money to junk companies on easier terms before the credit crunch hit .
The structure provides a lifeline to distressed firms , allowing them to preserve cash and likely avoid defaults , but bondholders are now exposed to potential losses .
“ We are going to have a problem over the next couple of years because of the history of these toggle bonds that have been sold in the high yield market , ” said John Atkins , credit analyst at research firm IDEAglobal in New York .
“ Instead of paying cash on the interest , you just issue more bonds .
The debt becomes worth incrementally less over time if they continue to dump more bonds into the pool , ” he added .
The number of companies that are using this option is on the rise .
Out of 43 bond deals that have a PIK feature totaling $ 23.5 billion , eight have paid interest with debt or announced plans to do so , according to Standard & Poor ’s Leveraged Commentary and Data .
The latest announcement came last week from silicone producer Momentive Performance Materials , which said it would pay interest on $ 300 million of its 10.125 percent notes due on December 1 with more debt .
Momentive was the third company owned by billionaire investor Leon Black ’s private equity firm Apollo Management that chose to exercise its PIK option .
The other two were real estate and relocation services provider Realogy Corporation and jewelry retailer Claire ’s Stores .
Harrah ’s Entertainment , the world ’s largest casino operator and another Apollo Management sponsored issuer , has until August 1 to make a decision on exercising the PIK option , Lehman Brothers said in a research note .
This trend “ has a potential to lead to large price movements in cases where the decision to exercise the option comes as a surprise , ” Lehman Brothers said .
For example , Momentive ’s 10.125 percent notes due in 2014 dropped to 86.5 cents on the dollar on May 28 when the announcement was made from 93.375 cents on the dollar on May 20 , according to MarketAxess .
The yield surged to 13.29 percent from 11.6 percent .
This bond structure was popular with leveraged buyouts which proliferated before the credit crunch hit in the middle of summer 2007 .
Private equity firms were active in the leisure businesses such as hotels , gaming and restaurants .
Profits in this industry and other cyclical sectors are getting squeezed as food and oil prices soar and consumers spend less on travel and entertainment while they fear the slower economy will cost them jobs .
" The fact that issuers are taking that option to make interest payments with further debt indicates that they are suffering some financial distress , " said Kenneth Emery , senior vice president at Moody 's Investors Service MCO.N in New York .
Corporate America ’s credit quality is sinking at a record pace as the subprime housing crisis takes a toll .
Credit rating downgrades and warnings by Moody ’s are on pace to hit a record $ 1.6 trillion in the second quarter , topping the massive credit deterioration seen in the bankruptcy wave of 2001 .
For details click on < ID : nN05381721 >.
Standard & Poor 's , a unit of McGraw - Hill MHP.N , said the number of companies around the world at risk of a credit downgrade climbed to a record in May .
< ID :nL06911075 >.
These rates could have been even higher if weak companies could not sell more debt rather than pay out interest .
Some companies choose this PIK option because they can use cash meant for the interest payment to buy back outstanding debt in the secondary market , which could reduce the total debt burden .
“ It ’s really affecting the default rate , ” said Mirko Mikelic , senior fixed income analyst at Fifth Third Asset Management in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
“ It ’s given firms a lot more leeway . ”
Nobody wants to have scabies , but when you do , all hope is not lost .
Just most hope .
For those of you unsure about what scabies is , it ’s caused by a little bug , called an “ itch mite , ” that burrows into your skin , kind of like that bug that goes into Chekov ’s ear in “ Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan . ”
A little while after the critters get into your skin , little itchy bumps start appearing all over your body .
That ’s why it ’s called an itch mite , because they make things itchy .
If they made things chocolaty , it would be called a “ chocolate mite . ”
Scientists who study these things speculate that such a mite would almost certainly cause the most delicious rashes ever .
How do you contract scabies ?
There are two ways : one is to have skin to skin contact with an infected person .
The other is to go swimming in a pool filled with itch mites .
This second way is far less common as there is no such thing as a swimming pool filled with itch mites .
If scabies sounds disgusting , that ’s only because Westerners have a bias against any little bugs that lay their eggs under your skin and then crawl around in there laying more and more eggs , which in turn hatch more and more bugs .
Similar biases exist against bedbugs and ringworm .
Why ?
They are God ’s creatures just like dolphins and panda bears .
If a panda bear crawled into your skin , you probably would n’t say , “ That ’s disgusting . ”
You would say , “ That ’s adorable , ” especially if it was a little panda bear cub ( which really would be adorable ) .
In fact , kangaroos and other marsupials literally keep their babies in pouches , which is kind of like having scabies .
Does that mean duck - billed platypuses are disgusting ?
Yes , but not because they remind us of itch mites , but because they are so fucking stupid - looking .
What to do if you have scabies ?
The first thing you should do is write a blog about it , informing people about what scabies is , and why you ’re not disgusting just because you have bugs crawling all over you .
The second thing you should do is see a doctor ( I recommend Dr. Liebowitz ) .
Normal treatment for scabies includes antibiotics and all the ice cream you can eat .
The antibiotics will kill the mites and the ice cream will fill the empty hole in your heart .
After that , you need to hire a Mexican girl to clean your entire house for you .
If a Mexican girl is unavailable , Guatemalans are also good .
Do n’t do your own cleaning because that makes you look cheap .
As I said , scabies does n’t mean the end of hope .
It just means you will never be loved again .
Neave .TV
Click to channel - hop
Neave Interactive
Please upgrade your web browser !
Get Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox .
I got to meet ( and interview ) the crew behind 280 Slides , the beginning of “ Keynote on the Web . ”
The application looks like an Apple.app for a reason .
Two of the crew jumped from USC to Apple , and drank the Steve - aid of compelling user experience , the Mac -way .
Francisco built the beginnings of Objective - J at school , and then resurrected it later .
When they wanted to build rich Ajax applications , they wanted to use the toolchain they were used too , and thus they continued the work of porting Objective - C to Objective - J , and Cocoa to Cappuccino .
The podcast talks about how the runtime itself loads .j files and on the fly munges to JavaScript and runs .
There is n’t a compilation step ( e.g. like GWT generating JavaScript from Java ) .
280 Slides is the first application built on the framework , and people are talking about it .
It seems like we have two differing views :
“ Why would you go to ALL of that work to build a framework that complicated instead of just building the darn application on a good Ajax framework like jQuery / Dojo / Prototype / … ”
“ Wow , I ca n’t wait to see this open sourced so I can build Mac - like software too ”
I can see the allure of Objective - J / Cappuccino for building desktop - like Web applications .
It gives you a very high level abstraction over the browser .
No more DOM .
No more CSS layouts , which can be the bane of your existence for a complicated and dynamic layout .
If done correctly , it can allow you to not keep making the same mistakes .
Do you sometimes feel like you are fixing the same bugs again and again ?
If you do , then maybe you are n’t at the right abstraction ?
Then , think about how hard it is to get copy and paste working across objects .
Cappuccino gives this to you , and certain Web applications will love this .
Francisco Tolmasky had a good response to some concerns on the Ajaxian thread :
Let me first lessen your concerns by telling you that can * still * do string = “ Today ” + date .
That ’s the beauty of Objective - J , it ’s both languages , which means you get all the benefits of JS , while still getting to have real classes and so forth .
Now , completely separate from this , is that no * language * truly makes writing applications easier .
Sure , little pet peeves may come up here and there , but 90 % of what happens in an application deals with the frameworks you use .
I ’m sure all the iPhone “ problems ” you ’re having with Objective - C are more than compensated by all the amazing power you get from things like CoreAnimation , which is precisely why we wrote Cappuccino .
JavaScript does not have any way of writing applications today in the same way mature platforms like Cocoa do .
Cappuccino provides you with very high level features like copy - paste ( of anything ) , undo and redo , document management and archiving , vector graphics and animation , etc etc. when you write an application for Mac OS X or iPhone , you can truly focus * just * on your application , not whether it will work on some obscure browser or how to get something as simple as undo working , and that ’s precisely what we are trying to provide .
Again , Cappuccino is not for everyone .
There is an incredibly wide spectrum of web content out there , from completely static pages , to dynamic pages , to full blown applications .
We * only * serve the latter .
It would not make sense to put Cappuccino on something like Amazon.com , but 280 slides would have been an incredibly more difficult task for a 3 person team like ours without having all of the foundation already complete .
Of course , if the high level abstraction is your muse , then you should make sure that you stay in that land .
Gone are the days of mashing up other JavaScript code .
Trying to find the right level can be tough , depends on what you are doing , and more importantly ….
the mojo that feels right .
The psychiatrist and philosopher Bill Fulford describes a patient who was the living embodiment of the logical paradox “ this statement is false ” during a discussion on the difficulties in assuming delusions are false beliefs , as described in the standard definition .
[ There is an ] even more fundamental sense in which delusions may not be false beliefs , namely that for some patients this would present us with a paradox .
I have reported one such case that occurred in Oxford …
The patient , a 43 - year - old man , was brought into the Accident and Emergency Department following an overdose .
He had tried to kill himself because he was afraid he was going to be “ locked up ” .
However , this fear was secondary to a paranoid system at the heart of which was the hypochondriacal delusion that he was “ mentally ill ” .
He was seen by the duty psychiatrist and by the consultant psychiatrist on call , neither of whom were in any doubt that he was deluded .
Indeed , both were ready on the strength of their diagnosis to admit him as an involuntary patient .
Yet had their diagnosis depended on the falsity of the patient ’s belief , as in the standard definition , they would have been presented with a paradox : if the patient ’s belief that he was mentally ill was false , then ( by the standard definition ) he could have been deluded , but this would have made his belief true after all .
Equally , if his belief was true , then he was not deluded ( by the standard definition ) , but this would have made his belief false after all .
By the standard definition of delusion , then , his belief , is false , was true and , if true , was false .
THE REVOLUTION GROWS : ST .
PAUL 2008
By : Devvy
July 25 , 2008
ï¿½ 2008 - NewsWithViews.com
' The shot heard around the world ' fired on April 19 , 1775 , triggered the American Revolution .
Some 233 years later , a rebirth of strength and resolve is being felt around this country to stop the planned destruction of this constitutional republic .
As the colonials of 1775 had reached the point of no return with King George , so too , have we the people with the deliberate looting of the people 's purse without representation , never ending wars and efforts to integrate these united States of America with two foreign countries .
The two ' main ' political parties are gearing up for their conventions to nominate their choice for the next president of this country .
While there is great division among the party faithful over who " won " the Democratic primaries , there is no difference between Hillary Clinton and Barack Hussein Obama except gender .
Make no mistake :
She is a devout Marxist and stands for the same destructive , anti-Constitution agenda as Obama .
However , most Democrats appear to be compliant in backing a huckster of the first order for making promises he can't keep .
Master of rhetoric while saying nothing .
Obama is glad handing around the world in a deliberate attempt to portray him as a worldly guy , fit for the presidency .
Despite the constant carping that Barack Hussein Obama would be the first " African - American " elected as president , ethnically he is a mulatto , half Caucasian and half Negro .
While Obama carefully presents himself as the man for all races , Obama , to put it mildly , dislikes being Caucasian :
Obama 's Identity Crisis
" From the age of ten onward , though , Obama desperately wants to be black : “ I was trying to raise myself to be a black man in America , and beyond the given of my appearance , no one around me seemed to know exactly what that meant . ”
Honolulu 's paucity of African - Americans means he has to learn to be black from the media : “ TV , movies , the radio ; those were places to start .
Pop culture was color - coded , after all , an arcade of images from which you could cop a walk , a talk , a step , a style . ”
" He cherishes every cause for complaint he can discern against white folks .
He is constantly distressed at being half - white .
Obama says he “ ceased to advertise my mother 's race at the age of twelve or thirteen , when I began to suspect that by doing so I was ingratiating myself to whites ... ”
Obama would also be the first open Marxist [ 1 ] to be " elected " president of this country .
Just the facts , please :
1. Investigators Release Reports on Obama 's Communist Connections
2. Communism in Hawaii and the Obama Connection
3. Communism in Chicago and the Obama Connection
Then there 's the nasty little problem of Obama 's citizenship the robots in the " mainstream media " have blacked out :
July 20 , 2008 .
Document forensics expert : Obama " birth certificate " a " horrible forgery . "
" Barack Obama may be on a world tour surrounded by a fawning media , but Sunday an expert in electronic document forensics released a detailed report on the purported birth certificate -- actually a " Certification of Live Birth " or COLB -- claimed as genuine by his campaign .
The expert concludes with 100 % certainty that it is a crudely forged fake : " a horribly forgery , " according to the analysis published on the popular right - wing Atlas Shrugs blog . "
Sycophant and allegedly former sex phone harasser , Bill O'Reilly , will brush this off as Kool - Aid drinkers gone wild , but this is a serious legal question that should be investigated .
The same question has n't died regarding McCain 's eligibility , either :
July 11 , 2008 .
A Hint of New Life to a McCain Birth Issue .
" In the most detailed examination yet of Senator John McCain ’s eligibility to be president , a law professor at the University of Arizona has concluded that neither Mr. McCain ’s birth in 1936 in the Panama Canal Zone nor the fact that his parents were American citizens is enough to satisfy the constitutional requirement that the president must be a “ natural - born citizen . ”
" The analysis , by Prof. Gabriel J. Chin , focused on a 1937 law that has been largely overlooked in the debate over Mr. McCain ’s eligibility to be president .
The law conferred citizenship on children of American parents born in the Canal Zone after 1904 , and it made John McCain a citizen just before his first birthday .
But the law came too late , Professor Chin argued , to make Mr. McCain a natural - born citizen .
“ It 's preposterous that a technicality like this can make a difference in an advanced democracy , ” Professor Chin said .
“ But this is the constitutional text that we have . ”
Several legal experts said that Professor Chin ’s analysis was careful and plausible .
But they added that nothing was very likely to follow from it .
“ No court will get close to it , and everyone else is on board , so there 's a constitutional consensus , the merits of arguments such as this one aside , ” said Peter J. Spiro , an authority on the law of citizenship at Temple University . "
In other words , the hell with the U.S. Constitution .
The Republican power brokers have a BIG problem with Juan McCain - the grass roots do n't want that poltroon as their president .
It is pathetic to see the same " conservatives " ( Shallow Sean Hannity and others ) who lambasted the McCain / Kennedy duo for their anti-American push to give amnesty to 15 MILLION illegal aliens now trying to sell McCain as the only antidote to Obama .
Conservative commentators are bending over backwards to sell this despicable person as the lesser of two evils .
Sadly , even an influential individual like Dr. James Dobson , appears to be willing to once again play the game of the Masters : allow yourself to be backed into a corner and instead of fighting your party , fold and play right into the hands of the destroyers :
January 13 2007 .
Dobson says ' no way ' to McCain candidacy .
Christian leader declares he could n't support senator ' under any circumstances . '
" Speaking as a private individual , I would not vote for John McCain under any circumstances , " said James Dobson , founder of the Colorado Springs - based Focus on the Family as well as the Focus Action cultural action organization set up specifically to provide a platform for informing and rallying constituents .
July 21 , 2008 .
Evangelical Leader Dobson May Back McCain . ( AP ) " Conservative Christian leader James Dobson has softened his stance against Republican presidential hopeful John McCain , saying he could reverse his position and endorse the Arizona senator despite serious misgivings .
" I never thought I would hear myself saying this , " Dobson said in a radio broadcast to air Monday . " ...
While I am not endorsing Senator John McCain , the possibility is there that I might . "
Dobson and other evangelical leaders unimpressed by McCain increasingly are taking a lesser - of - two - evils approach to the 2008 race ...
Of his new position , Dobson said in the statement to the AP , " If that is a flip - flop , then so be it . "
Advertisement
So be it ?
I find this pathetic and a repudiation of what Dobson says he stands for : unwavering conviction and standing firm for what 's right .
I think Srdja Trifkovic summed it up best about McCain in his column , McCain and Soros : The Most Dangerous Man in America , Bankrolled By the Most Evil Man in the World : " John McCain is the most dangerous man in today 's America because this likely next occupant of the White House combines a muddled world outlook with an imbalanced personality , limited intelligence , and low character . "
Let me remind Republicans what Juan McCain 's fanatical support for illegals has brought to one family among thousands more : Edwin Ramos , a 21 - one year old illegal alien from El Salvador gunned down a husband and two sons in San Francisco .
The blame game is being played out because this human scum who should have been deported long ago , has been hiding out in Gavin Newsom 's " sanctuary city . "
Another rip your heart out heinous crime that would never have happened if McCain , Obama , Bush , Clinton and all the others had done their job years ago and shut down the border .
Instead , McCain has been courting militant America hating organizations like La Raza who want open borders .
Americans for Legal Immigration recently put out this statement : " Thousands of Americans are being slaughtered each year due to the fact our border security and existing immigration laws have been paralyzed by big business influences on the Bush administration .
Francisco Hernandez is in this video on Fox News pretending to be just an " immigration attorney . "
Our research shows that he is an official member of the John McCain Campaign .
His brother Juan Hernandez is McCain 's Latino Vote Outreach Coordinator , and Francisco is a close associate of Mexican President Fox and George Bush .
" Please review this video report about the mass murders of the Bologna family in San Francisco and notice the part where the McCain campaign operative tries to push Comprehensive Immigration Reform AMNESTY using these murders .
He also ridicules the deaths of thousands of Americans due to the betrayals of Bush and Chertoff as " The sky is falling ! "
These aristocrats do not care if we die . "
See this short video .
McCain has no honor .
He sold out our POW / MIAs with his pal , John Kerry .
He takes money from terrorist organizations and is dumber than a fence post when it comes to any understanding of the beast : the central bank .
Just the facts please : Why McCain Must NOT Become the Next President .
Vote fraud
There 's no question vote fraud was a key factor regarding the two ' presumed ' nominees " wins . "
Vote fraud has been on the top of my list since 1993 and I 've written many comprehensive columns about it .
In my humble opinion , we have no idea the true vote counts during the primaries and therefore , delegates to these conventions should stand up and fight for who is the best for America , not what the machines decided .
Just as a side note because I can't let this pass :
Some jackass sent me an email calling Chuck Baldwin , presidential candidate for the third largest political party in the country , the Constitution Party , a traitor .
This mental midget called Baldwin a traitor because he would " take votes away from Ron Paul . "
Every citizen has the right to run for public office .
Remember those who birthed this republic and their backgrounds ?
Chuck Baldwin is a true American who loves this country .
He has stood firm in his Christian convictions throughout the decades .
He does n't flip flop and he understands constitutional government .
Calling a fine man like him a traitor is an anti-American attitude .
Chuck Baldwin has every right to run and every American has the right to vote for their choice .
Let me also remind people that the electoral college will " elect " the president and vote fraud plays a key role .
Right now , the Republicans and Democrats claim to hold all the electoral college votes .
In 1992 independent candidate , Ross Perot , allegedly got 20 % of the popular vote , 19,743,821 votes and 0 electoral college votes .
In 1996 , the numbers show Perot received 8.4 % of the popular vote ( 8,085 , 402 votes ) and 0 electoral college votes .
George Wallace won 46 electoral college votes in 1968 with 13.5 % of the vote ( 9,906,473 votes ) under the American Independent Party banner .
Should none of the candidates win 270 electoral votes , the 12th Amendment kicks in and the election is decided by the House of Representatives . "
That would be the Democrats unless there is a mass revolt by the American people .
The Revolution Grows
Congressman Ron Paul is being denied the opportunity to speak at the GOP Convention , September 1 - 4 , 2008 .
Despite being called every name in the book ( kooks , nuts , wackos ) , Americans who support Ron Paul are Republicans , Democrats and independents from all walks of life , races and religions .
This is a fact .
They also have become a formidable force to be reckoned with in the political arena .
You see , millions of Americans have become educated on the issues from a constitutional position and reject more of the same .
They know Barack Hussein Obama ( or Clinton ) and McCain represent no change .
Nothing has changed while they 've been in office because they are the establishment and represent the big money interests .
A rather unique event will be held during the GOP Convention in St. Paul : A three day event called ' The Rally for the Republic , " August 31 - September 2 , 2008 .
Tickets for this event go on sale today ; click here for all the details .
It goes without saying that the power brokers running the GOP Convention must be throwing hissy fits .
It 's their job to keep the herd in line and a huge event right down the street from their convention which represents freedom and liberty , instead of more of the same political sewage is a threat to their power .
Is there a revolution going on in America ?
Yes , without any doubt and the controlled , corporate media is doing everything in their power to make sure the majority of Americans never find out .
There is real change happening in this country and momentum grows by the day .
We the people have had it .
We can and will restore this republic , though it wo n't be without pain .
I leave you with this ten minute video of a powerful speech made by an Iraq veteran at the Ron Paul Freedom Rally in Washington , DC a little over a week ago .
This young man represents our future as warriors .
He represents the same ideals and fire which birthed this republic .
This may scare some , but it was the same in 1775 .
Fear is the big stick of tyrants .
The men at Concord and Lexington were no doubt afraid , but that did not stop them .
Watch this video .
Feel the energy , the emotion and the courage .
Freedom is not a spectator sport .
It is our duty and obligation for future generations .
Footnote :
1. " Kevin Kornbuckle is Oregon 's only duly elected Communist ; he ran as a Democrat and " came out " after he was elected .
In March , 1996 , this Communist , after coming under attack by other city council members stated : " I 'd simply point out that Communists in the U.S. are fighting for health care , housing and jobs as a human right .
I 'm proud to be a Communist . "
Mail Tribune , Medford , Oregon , March 4 , 1996 . "
Just the facts :
1 - Communist Party Backs Obama
2 - Barack Obama : Flimflam Artist
3 - Let 's talk issues
4 - Obama supports Illegals : Obama praises Morones
5 - Enrique Morones Warns Illegal Aliens Will Poison Food At Marie Calendars
6 - Obama collapse on FISA unforgivable
7 - Unstamped certificate suggests Obama may not be " natural born " US citizen
8 - Obama Flip - Flops Leave the Race Tied
9 - Democrats do NOT want lower gas prices
10 - Obama , The Democratic ' War President '
Vanes are lift onto a windmill at Beijing 's first wind farm which starts installing wind turbine generators on the outskirts of Huailai , north China 's Hebei province July 23 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Jason Lee
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China ’s installed wind power generating capacity is expected to top 10 gigawatts ( GW ) by the end of this year and to exceed 20 GW in two years , far above government targets , the official Xinhua News Agency said .
Beijing said in March that it had raised its target for installed wind power capacity to 10 GW in 2010 from a previous goal of 5 GW , as it seeks to increase the use of renewable energy .
Traditional power generators , new investors and even the State Grid Corp , the largest of China ’s grid duopoly , have rushed into the booming clean energy sector amid record oil prices and soaring coal costs .
China will expedite the development of 1 - GW level wind farms and build “ the Three Gorges of wind power ” in the Hosi Corridor , the coastal regions and Inner Mongolia , Zhou Xi’an , a department chief of the National Energy Leading Office , was quoted as saying in a industry conference on Wednesday .
The Three Gorges , the world ’s largest hydropower plant , has 26 generators with 700 megawatts of capacity each .
It will also add six underground units which will boost its total generating capacity to 22.5 GW .
China had 4.03 GW of wind power generating capacity as of late 2007 , which accounted for less than 0.6 percent of the country ’s total power generating ability .
Nearly 80 percent of China ’s capacity is fired by coal .
An additional 1.6 GW of wind power generators were still not connected to the grid because local governments were too keen to jump on the renewable energy bandwagon to conduct proper planning , a senior industry official said early this year .
GI Special : thomasfbarton@earthlink.net 6.22.08
Print it out : color best .
Pass it on .
GI SPECIAL 6F13 :
“ Soldiers Are Fed Up ”
“ People Are Coming Out In Larger Numbers And Speaking Out Against The War , Standing Up For What They Believe In ”
“ I Think The Times Are Telling Us A Lot Right Now ”
June 18 , 2008 Mateo Rebecchi , treasurer of the Seattle IVAW , interviewed by Kate Johnson , a member of the Northwest Winter Soldier Coalition .
Socialist Worker [ Excerpts ]
***********************************
KJ : AFTER THE recent national Winter Soldier event in Washington , D.C. , why did you feel it was important to organize a regional Winter Soldier here in the Northwest ?
COMING OUT of D.C. , we felt that it was such a positive event to see so many veterans together in one spot , sharing their stories .
The way it came across was just really powerful .
We thought it was important to get the word out here in the Northwest , because not too many people knew about what was going on in D.C.
It was a closed - off event .
It was n't really open to the public .
So what we wanted to do with our Winter Soldier was change it so that people from this area could experience what we experienced -- not just the organizations and activists that were invited here , but all the veterans and the citizens of the Northwest , too .
KJ : WHAT DO you think is the next step for IVAW locally ?
LOCALLY , WE'VE discussed starting a coffeehouse .
I think the biggest thing right now is to continue to build this GI movement , especially the GI resistance aspect .
I think that 's where we see ourselves having the most impact moving forward in the future .
And continuing to establish ourselves so that we can help veterans not only in ending this war , but also with whatever else they may need when it comes to health care or a safe haven for resisters .
We need to be building IVAW and reaching out to our brothers and sisters who 've been failed by the military or who just want to see a change .
KJ : WHAT WILL it take to see a full - scale revolt inside the U.S. military like we saw during the Vietnam War ?
I THINK it 's starting already .
All the military studies show that the longer the war goes on , the more tours the soldiers are forced to do , the more resisters there are , the more people who go AWOL , the more people will get fed up , and the more the antiwar movement will grow .
It takes things to get really bad , and I think we 're seeing that right now with the number of AWOLs skyrocketing .
People are coming out in larger numbers and speaking out against the war , standing up for what they believe in .
I definitely think that 's what it 's going to take .
We 've been there for almost six years already , and people are getting sick of it .
I think the times are telling us a lot right now .
Soldiers are fed up .
Getting people aware of what is going on is very important , because many people do n't even know what IVAW is or how to get involved .
Also , opening up more centers like the coffeehouse in close proximity to the base and giving active - duty soldiers an alternative route of thought -- letting them know that there are veterans out there that are against this war who are speaking out .
If we can tap into that and be near them on the base , it would be easier for them to switch over to our side .
I think that 's what it 's going to take .
DO YOU HAVE A FRIEND OR RELATIVE IN THE SERVICE ?
Forward GI Special along , or send us the address if you wish and we ’ll send it regularly .
Whether in Iraq or stuck on a base in the USA , this is extra important for your service friend , too often cut off from access to encouraging news of growing resistance to the war , inside the armed services and at home .
Send email requests to address up top or write to : The Military Project , Box 126 , 2576 Broadway , New York , N.Y. 10025-5657 .
Phone : 917.677.8057
IRAQ WAR REPORTS
Ohio Soldier Killed Near Hillah
June 21 , 2008 : Spc. Jason Cox , 21 , from Elyria , Ohio , died Monday from injuries he suffered when the IED exploded southeast of Hillah , Iraq .
( AP Photo / Department of Defense )
U.S. Soldier Killed In Diyala ;
Five Wounded
June 20 , 2008 Multi National Corps Iraq Public Affairs Office , Camp Victory RELEASE No. 20080620-07
TIKRIT , Iraq – One Soldier was killed and five wounded in three roadside bomb attacks on Coalition force patrols in Diyala province June 20 .
Moultrie Soldier Dies From Burns Suffered In March
June 11 , 2008 John Oxford , Moultrie Observer
MOULTRIE — Sgt. Steve McCoy was remembered Wednesday at the hospital where he was being treated , and plans are being made for Moultrie to have a chance to remember him too .
McCoy ’s brother - in - law , Gadston Moore , said a memorial service was held Wednesday at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas , for McCoy , who died Tuesday .
He had been treated for burns at the medical center since being injured March 23 in a roadside bomb attack in southern Baghdad that killed four other U.S. soldiers .
Funeral services for McCoy are being planned in Warrenton , Ga. , where his parents live , Moore said .
The family is also planning to hold a memorial service in Moultrie for him though a date , time and location have not yet been set .
McCoy ’s wife , Tabitha ; their twin children , son Landen and daughter Ryley ; and her parents , Steve and Becky Moore , and family live in Moultrie .
His parents , Sam and Pam McCoy , live in Warren County but are previously of Norman Park .
The family was very appreciative of the community for all of their support during this difficult time .
“ Steve died doing what he wanted to do , ” Gadston Moore said .
“ He was proud to be a soldier and proud to serve his country . ”
McCoy ’s older brother , Eric , is also serving in Iraq , Moore said .
McCoy was a 2003 graduate of Colquitt County High School and was a member of the Junior ROTC Program .
He was serving his second tour in Iraq with Alpha Company , 4th Battalion , 64th Armor Regiment , 3rd Infantry Division based at Ft. Stewart in Hinesville when he was injured .
Lt. Col. Paul Nagy , director of the Colquitt County High School Junior ROTC program , said he remembered McCoy as a really good student and a really good kid .
He served as a platoon guide in ROTC , winning two or three drill meets as platoon guide , and he was a member of the marksmanship team .
Nagy said he could tell McCoy wanted to be a soldier .
“ He was one of the best students I ’ve ever had , ” Nagy said .
MRAP Targeted In Baghdad
A U.S. mine - resistant armored vehicle after an explosion in Azamiyah in north Baghdad June 19 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Khalid Mohammed )
NEW GENERAL ORDER NO .
1 :
PACK UP
GO HOME
US soldiers during a break south of Baghdad May 12 .
( AFP / Mauricio Lima )
AFGHANISTAN WAR REPORTS
Four Foreign Occupation Troops Killed Near Kandahar , Two Wounded ;
Nationality Not Announced
Jun 21 Associated Press
A roadside bomb hit a coalition convoy west of the main southern city of Kandahar , killing four troops and wounding two others , one seriously .
Coalition spokesman Lt. Col .
Paul Fanning said insurgents opened fire on the stricken vehicles and that three Afghans soldiers also were hurt .
He declined to release the nationality of the troops , who were involved in training Afghan security forces .
Two Foreign Occupation Soldiers Killed In Helmand ;
Nationality Not Announced
June 20 ( Reuters )
On Thursday , two soldiers from the U.S. - led force were killed in a clash in Helmand .
Foreign Occupation Soldier Killed By Foot Bomber
In Helmand ;
Nationality Not Announced
June 20 ( Reuters )
A bomber on foot attacked a foreign military convoy in southern Afghanistan on Friday killing one soldier , an Afghan interpreter and five civilians , police and the U.S. military said .
The attack was in Helmand , to the west of Kandahar province .
A U.S. - led coalition force operating in Afghanistan said one of its soldiers and an Afghan interpreter were killed .
A Taliban spokesman , Qari Mohammad Yousuf , claimed responsibility for the blast .
Polish Soldier Killed By Dila IED ;
Four More Wounded
Jun 21 Agora SA
Polish soldier was killed in Afghanistan and the next four suffer injuries when their car explosion explosive cargo .
The wounded were flown helicopter to a military hospital .
Their life is not threatened by the danger .
Polish patrol team of militancy " Charlie " went from a Wazi Kwa Jechali soldiers to fire U.S. base Kushmond mountains - the way regarded as being relatively safe ( second road , called by the soldiers Wiper move as a general rule , only escorts , mostly because there are mines podkładane bombing ) .
But Kushmond near where Polish patrol had to stop , it was necessary to exit from the mountains into the valley and cross the river .
This place is located , surrounded by hills , near Nangar - Khel village , where almost one year ago , Poles ostrzeliwując village with mortar killed eight civilians .
There , one of hummerَw entered the explosive cargo .
He died , sitting on the right side of the vehicle driver 's captain - while the entire patrol Ppor. Robert Marczewski from 6 battalion desantowo - szturmowego from Gliwice .
Rannych has four rangers from the same unit who jechali the same hummerem .
The U.S. rescue helicopter took them first to a hospital in Orgun , then to Bagram .
But the army ensures that survive .
They are already in a hospital in Bagram base , I saw them - ensures Major Jacek Poplawski , spokesman for the Polish Kontyngentu Military commanders in Afghanistan . -
There are wounded , but only abrasions and fractures .
All are przytomni .
Fortunately , the Hummer is not lit .
But the investigation continues , as there has been an explosion in the Polish vehicle .
Wojskowi even suspect that the Taliban used a new type of cargo .
This ballistic , whose head is a copper plate , which is under the influence of forces explosion hits in armor and - as saying the soldiers - there is no such that wytrzymałby to blow .
Resistance Action
June 17 ( Xinhua ) & by Nasrat Shoaib ( AFP ) & 6.18 ( CNN ) & 06/19/08 AFP & Jun 21 By STEPHEN GRAHAM , Associated Press Writer
Some 200 Taliban fighters raided police checkpoints in Tanai district Monday night .
Three security guards hired by a road construction company were killed when their vehicle was hit by a roadside bomb in Spin Boldak district late Tuesday , Kandahar provincial police chief Sayed Aqa Saqib said .
The two Afghan soldiers were killed in a gun battle with three Taliban fighters in the Arghandab district of Kandahar province , the defense ministry said .
In the Arghandab district of Kandahar province two Afghan soldiers , three ISAF civilian workers and NATO television cameraman Jamie Kidston , from New South Wales , were wounded .
A roadside bomb hit a vehicle carrying Afghan army troops in the Sori district of Zabul province , killing two and wounding three others , provincial police official Faridullah Khan said .
IF YOU DON’T LIKE THE RESISTANCE END THE OCCUPATION
TROOP NEWS
“ This War Wo n’t Be Stopped By The Politicians , But Only By Us , Building The New GI Movement ”
06/12/2008 by Martin Smith , Iraq Veterans Against The War [ www.ivaw.org/]
Branch of service : United States Marine Corps ( USMC )
Unit : 1st Radio Bn , B Co
Rank : Sgt .
Home : Champaign , Illinois
Served in : Presidio of Monterey Defense Institute ; Goodfellow Air Force Base , San Angelo , TX ; Kaneohe Bay , MCBH
On March 29 , 2008 , a chilly Saturday afternoon in downtown Indianapolis , a small group of anti-warriors gathered who were just as scruffy in their appearance as they were dedicated to their cause .
Fourteen Iraq Veterans Against the War members from three different chapters in the Great Lakes Region gathered at a small protest that was held at an odd , behemoth tower that pierced the sky and stood in sharp contrast to our message .
We staked our own claim to “ Monument Circle , ” a phallic structure rising almost 300 ft. and decorated with mammoth - size replicas of white , battle - torn soldiers and sailors , but we carried an opposing demand from the one captured in limestone to our aft .
We stood in lock - step formation , proudly carrying our IVAW banner , as messengers against an immoral war and in stark contrast to the memorialized victors of steadfast patriotism , frozen in time and place at the obelisk ’s base .
This second annual event titled , “ Five Years Too Long , ” was sponsored by Indiana students and local peace activists and was held just days after the 4,000th US troop had died in Iraq .
Vince Emanuele , Derek Giffin , and Erin Constantine spoke to the crowd calling on them to join the Winter Soldier Movement and the new war that we were prepared to fight as foot soldiers for peace .
As Vince so aptly put it , “ This war wo n’t be stopped by the politicians , but only by us , building the new GI Movement . ”
While this small protest , and others like it , will never end the war by themselves , the event should be judged not by the war ’s trajectory but rather for how it served as a path to strengthen the GI Movement .
It was a potent reminder of the power of protest .
Our large turnout of members brought us together in a collective show of solidarity .
Older members mentored newer ones and welcomed them aboard .
We garnered media coverage , with journalists glued to our individual stories like politicians on the gravy - train of corporate giveaways and graft .
And rather than being someone else ’s “ window - dressing , ” we stole the show with a full frontal display backed up and supported by the local peace movement .
Activists and community members not only supported our cause but also donated generously to our various chapters when we passed the hat .
But even more , we made contact and networked with new allies , activists , and leaders who are now part of the Winter Soldier Movement .
Even at a small protest in the middle of Midwestern cornfields , it is possible to do the essential base - building that can rebuild a grassroots , bottom - up movement — the kind of social movement that can not only end the war , but one that may also set roots which will allow future generations to build monuments of a different kind , ones that celebrate humanity and peace rather than war .
Troops Invited :
What do you think ?
Comments from service men and women , and veterans , are especially welcome .
Write to Box 126 , 2576 Broadway , New York , N.Y. 10025-5657 or send email contact@militaryproject.org : Name , I.D. , withheld unless you request publication .
Replies confidential .
Same address to unsubscribe .
Phone : 917.677.8057
Pants Pissing Panic At The Pentagon ;
Army Running Out Of Physically Fit Combat Troops To Die In Iraq :
Another Badly Wounded Soldier Ordered Back And Slammed With Stop - Loss ;
“ His Son Is Just One Of Many , Earl Haun Said , And It 's Time Somebody Called The Army On It ”
On impact with the ground , Haun 's left hand was driven up toward his forearm , crushing his wrist .
The surgeon who rebuilt the wrist , using a metal plate and screws , told Haun last year that his infantry days were over .
The blast also blew out Haun 's right ear drum , which required surgery to partially restore his hearing .
As to head injuries , a neurologist diagnosed the 24 - year - old with post concussive syndrome and mild traumatic brain injury , the likely cause of his daily headaches since the attack .
06/20/08 By Tom Philpott , Hanford Sentinel
One day last August , while manning the .50 - caliber gun atop his a Humvee on a dirt road in northern Iraq , Army Spc. Daniel " Joey " Haun suddenly lost consciousness .
His vehicle had struck a buried bomb , an " improvised explosive device . "
Haun was ejected , his vehicle flipped over .
On impact with the ground , Haun 's left hand was driven up toward his forearm , crushing his wrist .
The surgeon who rebuilt the wrist , using a metal plate and screws , told Haun last year that his infantry days were over .
The blast also blew out Haun 's right ear drum , which required surgery to partially restore his hearing .
That surgeon warned him to avoid sustained exposure to any loud noises or risk having to wear a hearing aid .
As to head injuries , a neurologist diagnosed the 24 - year - old with post concussive syndrome and mild traumatic brain injury , the likely cause of his daily headaches since the attack .
Finally , a psychologist urged Haun to get counseling for his post - traumatic stress symptoms or they could devolve into Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder , a more debilitating condition .
So while recuperating in a wounded warrior unit at Schofield Barracks , Hawaii , Haun regularly saw a psychologist .
He takes the drug Tramadol for his migraine headaches and Elavil , an anti-depressant , to ease his stress .
Adding to Haun 's stress is this surprising news : he 's returning to Iraq .
Though Haun expected to be separated or retired on disability , Army doctors have cleared him for transfer back to his infantry unit , Delta Company , 2nd Battalion , 27th Infantry Regiment , 3rd Brigade of the 25th Infantry Division .
Rather than appearing before a medical evaluation board , Haun will rejoin 3rd Brigade which is to redeploy this fall to Iraq after only a year back home .
Also , because Haun 's 39 - month enlistment does n't end until January , Haun will have to stay in Iraq under a " stop loss " order .
His active service time will be involuntarily extended by at least nine months .
Haun does n't sound angry or bitter describing his predicament .
But he does n't understanding why the Army wants to keep him .
He tells anyone who asks that he would prefer to leave service in January .
Yet when he was told of his transfer back to the 2 - 27 , Haun asked that he not be restricted to " pushing paper " in Iraq with the company 's headquarters element .
So his first sergeant agreed he could return to his platoon , Haun said .
How will he perform there ?
Haun is n't sure .
" I can't do push ups because I can't bend my hand that way .
I can't climb rope .
I can't do pull ups .
I do n't have any strength in my hand , " Haun said .
" I can't really carry anything that 's heavy with my left hand because there 's always the possibility of popping some screw loose . "
His father , Earl Haun of Crestview , Fla. , suggested there 's a screw loose already -- with any Army policy that allows redeployment of soldiers obviously not fit for duty .
His son is just one of many , Earl Haun said , and it 's time somebody called the Army on it .
A Government Accountability Office report in May cited inconsistencies in Defense Department instructions on pre-deployment health assessments .
" During our site visits to three installations , " said the GAO , " we found that health care providers were unaware that a medical record review was required , and medical records were not always reviewed by providers conducting the pre-deployment health assessment . "
Earl Haun said something sure is wrong .
" He got blown out of a Humvee about 25 feet in the air , his commander told me .
He crushed his arm .
He 's only got 30 or 40 percent use of it .
“ And his first surgeon told him he was done , " said Earl , an Air Force veteran who repaired aircraft during the Vietnam era .
" Now , all of a sudden , some new surgeon comes in , says ' Hey , you 're deployable again . ' ...
That 's kind of stupid .
They 're sending a kid back over there who 's half a man , " at least half an infantryman , Earl said .
Joey Haun does n't blame his company 's leaders for his pending redeployment .
They did n't expect he'd be cleared for duty .
The last doctor who saw him , Haun said , " understands I can't do push ups and climb rope and stuff .
But other than that he said I was deployable . "
Rep. Jeff Miller ( R - Fla . ) , Earl Haun 's congressman , has asked the Army to review the decision to return Haun to full duty , given his disabilities .
Miller said he understand that Haun can't pass the Army 's Physical Fitness Test .
" I am extremely concerned that this wounded warrior is mentally and physically unable to deploy , " Miller wrote , adding that Haun 's physical limitations and post - traumatic stress could even put other soldiers at risk .
Haun said he does n't regret enlisting to fight in Iraq .
But most Americans , he said , do n't understand how hard assignments there can be .
Haun was involved in another IED attack three weeks before he was injured .
His platoon experienced at least 10 to 15 IED attacks plus other assaults from insurgents using rocket - propelled grenades and mortars .
Haun said he lost one very close friend .
Another buddy was wounded severely in the attack that disabled Haun .
During his short stay in Germany last year , and in treatment at Tripler Army Medical Center , Hawaii , Haun said he saw injuries far worse than his .
The wounded have Haun thinking about a career in physical therapy when he does leave service .
But their wounds and his also have made him more anxious now about returning to Iraq .
" The first time we deployed I was actually looking forward to it because that 's what I joined for .
I was going to go there and fight and serve my country ...
I never believed something would happen to me or to any of my friends .
I thought we were untouchable
“ ... Now there are so many more things I 've seen .
Now I realize it can happen at the blink of an eye .
So I 'm a lot more nervous about going over again , " Haun said .
IRAQ RESISTANCE ROUNDUP
GET THE MESSAGE ?
Iraqi nationalists demonstrate against the U.S. - Iraqi security agreement that would continue the U.S. occupation of Iraq in Sadr City , Baghdad June 20 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Karim Kadim )
FORWARD OBSERVATIONS
“ What country can preserve its liberties if its rulers are not warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit of resistance ?
Let them take arms . ”
Thomas Jefferson to William Stephens Smith , 1787 .
" The mighty are only mighty because we are on our knees .
Let us rise ! " -- Camille Desmoulins
One day while I was in a bunker in Vietnam , a sniper round went over my head .
The person who fired that weapon was not a terrorist , a rebel , an extremist , or a so - called insurgent .
The Vietnamese individual who tried to kill me was a citizen of Vietnam , who did not want me in his country .
This truth escapes millions .
Mike Hastie U.S. Army Medic Vietnam 1970 - 71 December 13 , 2004
“ I Still Believe ”
From : Dennis Serdel
To : GI Special
Sent : June 18 , 2008
Subject : I Still Believe by Dennis
By Dennis Serdel , Vietnam 1967 - 68 ( one tour ) Light Infantry , Americal Div. 11th Brigade , purple heart , Veterans For Peace 50 Michigan , Vietnam Veterans Against The War , United Auto Workers GM Retiree , in Perry , Michigan
****************************************
I Still Believe
Jeff gets so mad at God
for allowing the world to be as it is
when another suicide bomb goes off
killing baby 's to old men
he thinks you do not even exist
when a Humvee on the road blows up
like a cherry bomb in a tin can
he thinks their Allah is stronger
than his God and he thinks maybe
his God does not exist again
but then when Jeff is on the ground
in a city ambushed and he does n't see
how he is going to make it
out of there alive as he turns
to his God and afterwards
when he is still alive he is so sorry
for doubting and not believing
then on bended knees in the sand
his head to no empty sky
Jeff begs for forgiveness and says
do n't believe me God when
I am safe and I say I do not want
your love anymore
because he says I did nothing
when time stopped
and I was shooting and they were
shooting and the only blood
I have when it is over is
their blood my fellow Soldier's
blood on his desert uniform
enemy 's blood on his boots
and when he goes home he knows
he did not do it alone
but he does not want to see
God and Allah fighting in any war
as he hears that Canada
will not return
Soldiers who go there
“ Every Iraqi Is Considered A Potential Threat By The U.S. Military , So Every Iraqi Is A Potential Target -- That Is The Logic Of Occupation That Leads Inevitably To Massacres And War Crimes ”
June 10 , 2008 , Editorial , Socialist Worker [ Excerpts ]
IN NOVEMBER 2005 , U.S. soldiers went on a three - hour shooting spree in Haditha , just west of Baghdad .
They attacked a taxi and shot the passengers , including women and children , at point - blank range , and they swept through homes .
By the end of the assault , 24 people were dead .
Nine - year - old Eman Waleed described the scene as the Marines came to her family 's house .
" First , they went into my father 's room , where he was reading the Koran , " she told Time magazine , " and we heard shots . "
Then they entered the living room .
" I watched them shoot my grandfather , first in the chest and then in the head , " Eman said .
" Then they killed my granny . "
The adults tried to shield the children and were killed while doing so .
" We were lying there , bleeding , and it hurt so much , " said Eman .
" Afterward , some Iraqi soldiers came .
They carried us in their arms .
I was crying , shouting , ' Why did you do this to our family ? '
And one Iraqi soldier tells me , ' We did n't do it .
The Americans did . ' "
Two - and - a- half years after this horror , Lt. Andrew Grayson became the sixth U.S. soldier cleared of any wrongdoing at Haditha ; he was found not guilty of all charges last week by a military court .
Not a single solider has pled guilty or been convicted on any charge related to the rampage .
Ultimately , the U.S. government 's determination to control Iraq and its oil was the driving force behind the actions of the soldiers in Haditha .
The command , inside and outside the military , should be held responsible .
Every Iraqi is considered a potential threat by the U.S. military , so every Iraqi is a potential target of U.S. attack -- and thus , as long as U.S. troops are in Iraq , massacres like Haditha will continue to take place .
This is the logic of occupation .
As Chris Hedges wrote in Asia Times :
“ The failure in Iraq is the same failure that bedeviled the French in Algeria ; the United States in Vietnam ; and the British , who for 800 years beat , imprisoned , transported , shot and hanged hundreds of thousands of Irish patriots .
Occupation , in each case , turned the occupiers into beasts and fed the insurrection .
“ It created patterns where innocents , as in Iraq , were terrorized and killed .
“ The campaign against a mostly invisible enemy , many veterans said , has given rise to a culture of terror and hatred among U.S. forces , many of whom , losing ground , have in effect declared war on all Iraqis . ”
Ishikawa and Kuroshima would understand : insert troops into a hell on earth and there 's no way to prevent atrocities .
Yet the real fiends in their capital suites are never spattered with a single drop of blood .
Solidarity , Z
NEED SOME TRUTH ?
CHECK OUT TRAVELING SOLDIER
Telling the truth - about the occupation or the criminals running the government in Washington - is the first reason for Traveling Soldier .
But we want to do more than tell the truth ; we want to report on the resistance - whether it's in the streets of Baghdad , New York , or inside the armed forces .
Our goal is for Traveling Soldier to become the thread that ties working - class people inside the armed services together .
We want this newsletter to be a weapon to help you organize resistance within the armed forces .
If you like what you 've read , we hope that you 'll join with us in building a network of active duty organizers .
http://www.traveling-soldier.org/
And join with Iraq
War vets in the call to end the occupation and bring our troops home now !
( www.ivaw.org/)
OCCUPATION REPORT
U.S. OCCUPATION RECRUITING DRIVE IN HIGH GEAR ;
RECRUITING FOR THE ARMED RESISTANCE THAT IS
Foreign occupation soldiers from the U.S. take women and children prisoners , and force them at gunpoint to sit in the dirt outside their home while their personal belongings are searched during an armed home invasion in Mosul June 12 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Eduardo Munoz
[ Fair is fair .
[ Let ’s bring 150,000 Iraqi troops over here to the USA .
They can kill people at checkpoints , bust into their houses with force and violence , butcher their families , overthrow the government , put a new one in office they like better and call it “ sovereign , ” and “ detain ” anybody who does n’t like it in some prison without any charges being filed against them , or any trial . ]
[ Those Iraqis are sure a bunch of backward primitives .
[ They actually resent this help , have the absurd notion that it ’s bad their country is occupied by a foreign military dictatorship , and consider it their patriotic duty to fight and kill the soldiers sent to grab their country .
[ What a bunch of silly people .
[ How fortunate they are to live under a military dictatorship run by George Bush .
[ Why , how could anybody not love that ?
[
[ You ’d want that in your home town , right ? ]
OCCUPATION ISN’T LIBERATION BRING ALL THE TROOPS HOME NOW !
The Status Of Forces Agreement :
“ Oil - And The Power To Control It ”
“ Now All Is Crystal Clear – The Two Objectives That Brought Hundreds Of Thousands Of Troops Half Across The Globe Have Become Crystal Clear ”
June 21 , 2008 By Sahar IIS , Inside Iraq
What ingenuity !
The timing is brilliant !
The American people are almost completely taken up with the presidential elections and the race to the White House .
The Iraqi people are so overwrought a lot of them do n't even know what 's going on – some just do n't care any more , they are too taken up with the basic affair of staying alive , providing minimal sustenance for their families and too much grief .
And yet , at this " delicate " time everything is boiling down to the core of the objectives for which this war was waged – American long term interests in Iraq .
At this " delicate " time no -bid contracts are to be signed between the Iraqi Ministry of Oil and the self same companies that constituted the old Iraqi petroleum company that had a monopoly over Iraqi oil before nationalization in the early seventies , 1971 - 1972 - What a come back !
Now all is crystal clear – the two objectives that brought hundreds of thousands of troops half across the globe have become crystal clear .
Oil - and the power to control it .
And while our " sovereign democracy " shamelessly seeks to hide these facts from the people and present them with a fiat acompli , it seems that the American " democracy " is also shamelessly seeking to sneak the agreement through the least visible route so as to willfully disregard the will of the American people and cement its interests here – no matter the cost to human lives – no matter the cost in funds – no matter the loss of face because non of these matter to them as much .
The contracts are to be signed soon , before the Iraqi parliament even passes an Oil Law - and that will be that .
What remains to be seen is whether America is willing to sacrifice its men , women and money for these companies ' interests to be " properly " looked after .
The Status of Forces Agreement .
And it remains to be seen whether Iraq has any say in this at all .
DANGER : POLITICIANS AT WORK
CLASS WAR REPORTS
In Memory Of Cyril Strezo
Illinois Man Victim Of Premeditated Murder By The Rats Of “ UniCare ”
“ Not Only Did UniCare Take My Dad's Life , They Tried To Make Him Suffer Until The End ”
UniCare managers meet to plan new and exciting ways to kill people
[ Photo : www.wolfstad.com/]
June 17 , 2008 Testimony by Jody Polka , public hearing on proposed legislation to create real universal health care in Illinois ; Socialist Worker [ Excerpts ] .
GOOD MORNING , my name is Jody Polka .
I live in Frankfort , Illinois .
I am here today to tell you my family 's story , and why we must make all of our elected officials know that we the people of Illinois urgently need change now .
Our story started a year ago yesterday .
My dad , Cyril Strezo - - a strong , active , young 58 - year - old man who had always lived a healthy lifestyle , never smoking or drinking alcohol - - was diagnosed with esophageal cancer .
We had consultations with his doctors .
They all seemed confident that he could possibly beat it , but at the very least , control the cancer .
We were told that aggressive chemo with radiation would do the trick , followed by surgery and extra chemo , just for good measure .
We were all hopeful , most of all , my dad .
We were all ready for my dad 's fight .
He was gearing up for the chemo and radiation , and we were ready to by his side , night and day , for help and support .
Imagine our horror when we found out from his doctor that the private insurance company , UniCare , had stepped in and told the oncologist to find a different chemo -- they would n't allow my dad to receive the aggressive chemo he so desperately needed .
We continued on with a less effective chemo , rather than waste valuable time waiting .
It did n't work .
The chemo treatment did n't contain the cancer .
By October 2007 , we learned the cancer had spread to my dad 's liver .
The oncologist told us not to give up .
With the aggressive chemo , he could contain the cancer .
By now , UniCare had seen firsthand that when they stepped in and changed the doctor 's treatment , it was detrimental .
My dad 's oncologist scheduled the chemo right away .
The night before , the first treatment was to start , UniCare once again called the oncologist and again said they still would not allow my dad 's chemo .
The official reason was that it was " experimental . "
The doctor called me that night and gave me the news .
I was told that the oncologist had himself been on the phone with UniCare for hours , pleading to give my dad the medical treatment he needed .
He told me this was unbelievable , because even Medicare covers this chemo .
Somebody sitting at a desk , without any degrees in medicine , decided that night that my dad was to be denied common everyday treatments .
The minute I got off the phone with the oncologist , I went to the FDA Web site .
The so - called " experimental " chemo had been FDA - approved in 1996 .
This was not experimental ; it was modern day , medically proven treatment .
I immediately appealed UniCare 's denial in writing .
I checked every day on the status of my appeal , and each day , I was told , " There is no appeal scanned in our system yet . "
This went on for weeks .
After two weeks , I was frantic .
I felt that I had been backed into a corner , and UniCare was standing over me , dangling my dad 's life .
I finally contacted every elected official I could vote for , and every news media outlet .
One of the local papers featured a front - page article .
That was when state Rep. Mary Flowers stepped in .
Between her help , the attorney general 's office and the press applying pressure , UniCare finally allowed my dad 's medicine .
It took a month .
A month that meant life or death .
A month my dad could not waste .
The night before the chemo was to start , we had to call 911 .
We found out later in the evening that the cancer -- which time after time could have been contained -- had now spread to his brain .
This was in December .
By February 2008 , my dad needed hospice , and five days before Easter Sunday , UniCare came calling again .
This time , they decided that my dad should no longer be eligible for hospice .
As my dad lay dying , UniCare was still denying .
We lost my dad on Easter Sunday .
My dad was the most amazing father and grandfather .
He was a man who built his life on family and helping others .
He loved to be the man everyone went to whenever they needed anything .
He would see people down on their luck and , no questions asked , hand a perfect stranger $ 20 .
His life mattered .
My dad had the most contagious laugh .
He was the life of the party , and his smile would make anything all better .
My dad will not be here to celebrate his 37th wedding anniversary with my mom .
Dad wo n't be here to walk my little sister down the aisle or rock my little brother 's baby to sleep .
He will not be here to cheer on my son as he makes a touchdown .
He wo n't be here to attend Grandparent 's Day at my daughter 's school .
My dad , my hero , is not here for me to hug , and UniCare made sure of it .
My dad paid his $ 2,400 a month insurance premiums .
He held up his part of the deal .
UniCare decided a year ago that they would continue to cash that check but not insure my dad .
They dictated the treatment or lack of treatment my dad was going to have .
They knew that if they delayed and denied , my dad would wind up in hospice , because it was more cost - efficient .
Then when he did finally wind up at hospice , they denied that .
They tried to deny my dad from dying in peace and without pain .
Not only did UniCare take my dad 's life , they tried to make him suffer until the end .
My dad 's fight lives on , in me and you .
Had my dad been eligible for Medicare , he would have received his treatments , and he would be here today .
We need to be aware that we already have a universal health care system in place and it works .
It is called Medicare .
We usually do n't realize just how much we need it until it 's too late .
We all deserve to be treated when we are sick .
Private insurance forced my dad to receive substandard health care .
The only thing UniCare did was increase its profit margin .
They did n't insure my dad .
We need to contact our state representatives and state senators , and let it by known that we are not profits , we are people .
We all deserve medicine when we are sick -- this is America , not a Third World country .
We need to make sure our leaders pass HB 311 now , before any more lives are lost .
Thank you .
[ If you have any thoughts you would wish to express to UniRats , here ’s the toll free number : 1-800-977-8860 , Mon - Fri , 5 AM - 9 PM Pacific Standard Time .
Sat - Sun , 7 AM - 4 PM PST .
Please be patient if your call is not answered personally right way .
Killing the insured to increase profits comes first . ]
GI Special Looks Even Better Printed Out GI Special issues are archived at website http://www.militaryproject.org .
The following have chosen to post issues ; there may be others : http://williambowles.info/gispecial/2008/index.html;
http://www.uruknet.info/?p=-6&l=e;
http://www.traprockpeace.org/gi_special/;
http://www.albasrah.net/pages/mod.php?header=res1&mod=gis&rep=gis
GI Special distributes and posts to our website copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
We are making such material available in an effort to advance understanding of the invasion and occupation of Iraq .
We believe this constitutes a “ fair use ” of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law since it is being distributed without charge or profit for educational purposes to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for educational purposes , in accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107 .
GI Special has no affiliation whatsoever with the originator of these articles nor is GI Special endorsed or sponsored by the originators .
This attributed work is provided a non-profit basis to facilitate understanding , research , education , and the advancement of human rights and social justice .
Go to : www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml for more information .
If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond ' fair use ' , you must obtain permission from the copyright owner .
Girls are no less competitive than boys , they simply employ more subtle tactics , a study of pre-schoolers suggests .
While boys use head - on aggression to get what they want , girls rely on the pain of social exclusion .
To test the apparent differences in how very young children compete , Joyce Benenson at Emmanuel College in Boston , Massachusetts , US and her colleagues divided 87 four - year - olds into same - sex groups of three .
In successive trials , each trio received either one , two or three highly prized animal puppets .
The sexes behaved similarly when there were two or three puppets to go round .
The differences became clear , though , when there was just one puppet for each group .
Boys tended to ask for the puppet , grab at it , or even chase the child who had it .
In contrast , girls punished the puppet - holder by excluding her from their clique , whispering behind her back or even hiding from her .
Advertisement
Avoiding risks
Benenson says that these socially aggressive tactics may explain why girls exhibit greater jealousy over same - sex friendships than boys .
They could be trying to protect themselves against exclusive coalitions .
Melissa Emery Thompson at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque , also in the US , praises the study for creating “ organic yet controlled situations in which the children ’s natural behaviour emerges spontaneously ” .
She says the results help to dispel the myth that females are the less competitive sex .
Even at an early age , they avoid risky direct
aggression in favour of subtler forms of competition , such as small shifts in tone and expression , or spreading rumours .
Emery Thompson says that these differences also explain why human males tend to cooperate more effectively in groups while many females “ work well in pairs and tend to maintain only a few close relationships . ”
Journal reference : Animal Behavior ( DOI : 10.1016/j.anbehav.2008.01.027 )
WASHINGTON 
An unusual cast of conservatives has added momentum to a bill that would protect the confidentiality of reporters ’ sources , even as the Bush administration has lobbied vigorously against the idea .
The latest flashpoint in the debate came Friday in an appellate courtroom in Washington , as a former reporter for USA Today faced fines of $ 5,000 a day for refusing to disclose the sources of her articles on the Federal Bureau of Investigation ’s 2001 anthrax investigation .
A conservative judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , Brett M. Kavanaugh , a former Bush White House official , offered perhaps the broadest defense of reporters ’ rights during oral arguments in the case .
Judge Kavanaugh noted that “ 49 states have recognized some sort of common - law privilege ” protecting the confidentiality of reporters ’ relationships with their sources , and he questioned why lawyers for Toni Locy , the former USA Today reporter now facing a contempt citation , had not asserted that privilege more aggressively .
Users of the Internet take for granted their ability to access all Web sites on an equal basis .
That could change , however , if Internet service providers started discriminating among content , to make more money or to suppress ideas they do not like .
A new “ net neutrality ” bill has been introduced in the House , which would prohibit this sort of content discrimination .
Congress has delayed on this important issue too long and should pass net neutrality legislation now .
The Internet , at least in this country , is a remarkably unfettered medium .
If you type in the domain name of a large corporation or a small blog , a government Web site or a radical political party , the pages are sent to your computer with equal speed .
Like a telephone line , an Internet connection does not play favorites  it simply transmits the words and images .
I.S.P.’s , the companies that connect users to the Internet , want to change this .
They have realized that they could make a lot of money by charging some Web sites a premium to have their content delivered faster than that of other sites .
Web sites relegated to Internet “ slow lanes ” would have trouble competing .
This sort of discrimination would interfere with innovation .
Many major
Web sites , like eBay or YouTube , might never have gotten past the start - up stage if their creators had been forced to pay to get their content through .
Content discrimination would also allow I.S.P. ’s to censor speech they do not like  something that has already begun .
Last year , Verizon Wireless refused to allow Naral Pro-Choice America to send text messages over its network , reversing itself only after bad publicity .
Anne Hathaway Beau Raffaello Follieri Under Investigation by State of NY
Raffaello Follieri , who heads the Follieri Foundation .
The charity is a nonprofit agency providing immunizations for children in Third World countries .
Actress25 , has been in a four year relationship with
While the exact nature of the inquiry is currently unknown , the attorney general 's office has confirmed that it has issued subpoenas for various financial records of the Manhattan - based charity .
The state of New York and the IRS are investigating Follieri , who has reportedly not filed the required tax disclosure forms , among other things .
New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo is heading the probe .
A representative for Follieri said the 29 - year - old businessman " looks forward to concluding this matter in a timely and expeditious manner ... so that he may continue to fulfill his ongoing philanthropic endeavors worldwide . "
Raffaello Follieri is an Italian businessman and real estate investor .
The telephone at his 5th Avenue Manhattan apartment has been disconnected and his foundation website has been shut down .
Ann Hathaway was on the foundation 's board of directors at one time .
Her publicist , Stephen Huvane said this in an e-mail :
There is an investigation going on that does not involve Anne .
She is no longer a board member of the Follieri Foundation .
Other than that we will not be commenting . ”
Follieri has been traveling a slippery slope with regard to his business dealings for quite some time .
In researching for this story , we found an article in the June 15 , 2007 Wall Street Journal that we found interesting .
It seems that in early 2005 , Los Angeles billionaire Ronald Burkle , doing business as Yucaipa Investments , met Italian businessman Raffaello Follieri and quickly committed up to $ 105 million to a joint venture to buy surplus properties from the Catholic Church and redevelop them .
Things apparently deteriorated rapidly .
A lawsuit was filed in Delaware state court by Burkle alleging that venture capital from their joint alliance had been diverted to finance the 28 - year - old Mr. Follieri's " personal extravagances and budget mismanagement . "
Follieri and the Follieri Group , according to papers filed , " willfully and systematically misappropriated " at least $ 1.3 million of the over $ 55 million Yucaipa had up to that time sunk into the joint venture , Follieri / Yucaipa Investments LLC .
Among the purported extravagances : private jet travel for Mr. Follieri and his girlfriend , actress Anne Hathaway ; a penthouse apartment in New York used by Mr. Follieri ; " massive charges for ' five - star ' lodging , meals and entertainment " as well as medical care for Follieri relatives and a dog .
Additionally , the suit says , hundreds of thousands of dollars were improperly loaned to the Follieri Foundation , a nonprofit charity run by Mr. Follieri and his family .
The suit was reportedly settled earlier this year , with Follieri paying a reported $ 12 million to Burkle .
Check out photos of the couple below , including a photo of billionaire Burkle and his impressive La Jolla pad .
Delonte West , a former Dallas Mavericks player who was once a millionaire , is now homeless and in serious need of help .
TMZ's Michael Babcock reports
Mavs owner Mark Cuban has been working with his family to try to get him some help .
More : tmz.com
Helen Mirren the bikini queen reigns supreme at 63
Most women only a few days away from their 63rd birthday would be steering well clear of the beach .
And if they did venture there , it would be in the most modest of concealing attire .
Dame Helen Mirren , however , is happy to flaunt her enviable curves and flat stomach in a bikini .
How does she do it ?
Dame Helen Mirren looked sensational while holidaying in Puglia , Italy this week
It seems hard to believe that this is the same actress whose portrayal of the Queen won her an Oscar .
Yet this was no retouched studio shot , with the only work to transform her toned body having been carried out during gruelling hours in the gym .
Dame Helen is holidaying in Puglia , on the southern tip of Italy , with her film director husband Taylor Hackford , 63 .
Happy snap :
Helen gets on the other side of a camera to photograph her husband Taylor Hackford
Bikini queen :
The actress flaunted her enviable curves
She bought a castle in the neighbourhood to celebrate her 2007 Academy Award for Best Actress .
She bought the 500 - year - old building and grounds near Lecce for around £ 680,000 and immediately drew up big plans for the estate with refurbishment work starting last summer .
The property was uninhabitable , with tumbledown walls and a driveway that was little more than a dirt track .
One is cooling off : Helen takes a dip
When the couple first visited the nearby village of Tiggiano to greet locals and - once they heard - civic officials , the welcome was so warm that a baker even made her a cake decorated with a scene from The Queen .
Her new Italian home is surrounded by high fortified walls and has a mature vineyard within its grounds .
The Mediterranean can be seen half a mile away .
Dame Helen also owns an enormous home in California and a property by the Thames in Wapping , East London .
Known for her diverse acting ability , Mirren has adapted to many styles .
From her role as Queen Elizabeth II to a racy housewife in Calendar Girls and a hard - nosed detective in Prime Suspect
Fredrik Lundh | July 2008 | Based on a comp.lang .
python post
Background :
This was posted to a thread about how to best register plugin classes .
The original approach was to scan all plugin modules for Plugin subclasses ; this note describes an alternative solution that uses a self - registering base class .
I have no opinion on what ’s best here ; this is just another way to do it .
A metaclass is a something that ’s responsible for creating a class , much like an ordinary class is responsible for creating an object .
When Python executes the following statement ,
class Spam : attrib = 1 def func( self ) : pass # <-- end of class statement
it will create a new scope for the class content , execute the class body , and then , when it reaches the end , call the “ metaclass ” to create the actual class object .
The metaclass is given the requested name ( “ Spam ” in this case ) , any base classes , and a dictionary containing everything from the class scope ( “ attrib ” and “ func ” , in this case ) .
The thing that ’s returned is assigned to the “ Spam ” variable .
The default metaclass ( the “ type ” built - in , actually ) just creates an ordinary class object , but if you replace that with your own metaclass , you can completely override that behaviour , or just extend it ( e.g. by registering the subclasses in a common registry ) .
Like , say , this :
registry = [ ] # list of subclasses class Plugin ( object ) : class __metaclass__( type ) : def __init__ ( cls , name , bases , dict ) : type.__init__( name , bases , dict ) registry .
append ( ( name , cls ) ) # in your plugin modules class SpamPlugin( Plugin ) : pass class BaconPlugin( Plugin ) : pass # in your plugin loader # import all plugin modules # loop over registered plugins for name , cls in registry : if cls is not Plugin : print name , cls
Here , the presence of an inner __metaclass__ class ( which is a subclass of “ type ” ) causes Python ’s class machinery to use that class instead of “ type ” when creating class objects for Plugin or any subclass thereof .
The extra code in the __init__ method just adds all plugin classes to a list .
For more on this , see e.g .
The condom broke ?
You missed a few pills ?
Or you simply forgot about birth control in the heat of the moment ?
EMERGENCY CONTRACEPTION
( the morning after pill ) can reduce your risk of pregnancy by up to 89 % .
It has truly been our pleasure to serve you over the years , but our service is no longer necessary because emergency contraception is now available WITHOUT A DOCTOR'S PRESCRIPTION !
That 's right !
On August 24 , 2006 , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approved Plan B for over - the - counter sale to women and men 18 and older in the United States .
On March 23 , 2009 , a federal court ordered the FDA to approve Plan B for those 17 and older without a prescription .
And on August 28 , 2009 , the FDA approved Next Choice , a generic version of Plan B that is also available over - the - counter .
If you have had unprotected sex and need emergency contraception , please visit your local pharmacy to obtain Plan B or Next Choice as soon as possible .
Both emergency contraceptive products are sold at the pharmacy counter , but you will not need a prescription if you are 17 or older .
At this time , women 16 and under must have a prescription to obtain emergency contraception .
Copyright 2006 | getthepill.com , inc .
“ Outlander ” begins when a space craft crashes into the majestic fjords of ancient Norway and into the time of the Vikings .
From the wreckage emerge two bitter enemies : a soldier from another world , Kainan ( James Caviezel ) , and a bloodthirsty creature known as the Moorwen .
Man and monster both seeking revenge for violence committed against them .
As the Moorwen ravages the Viking world , killing everything in its path , Kainan forms an unlikely alliance with the primitive but fierce warriors .
Combining his advanced technology with ancient Iron Age weapons , the hero leads a desperate attempt to kill the monster before it destroys them all .
Director : Howard McCain
Writers : Dirk Blackman , Howard McCain
Starring : James Caviezel ( Kainan ) , Sophia Myles ( Freya ) , Ron Perlman ( Gunnar ) , John Hurt ( Rothgar ) , Jack Huston ( Wulfric )
“ Outlander ” also boasts production by Barrie Osborne ( “ The Matrix ” and LOTR Trilogies ) , as well as US distribution through heavyweights The Weinstein Company .
[ flv width = ” 480 ″ height = ” 260 ″ ]
http://outlander.solsector.net/MEDIA_files/Multimedia/Outlander_trailer.flv[/flv]
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - GT Solar International
Inc ’s initial public offering , expected to be the largest ever by a U.S. solar company , is facing a surprisingly cloudy outlook .
Solar panels are seen on the roof of a building in a file photo .
REUTERS / Kimberly
White
Despite red - hot industry growth , as the price of competing energy sources soars , investors have not shown a sunny disposition toward solar energy stocks lately .
The stocks of industry leaders Suntech Power Holdings Co Ltd STP.N and Applied Materials Inc AMAT.O , among others , have been cooling from March rally levels since late May .
Suntech is down about 18 percent from its high in spring , while Applied Materials is down about 9 percent .
Those declines could cast a pall over GT Solar , a Merrimack , New Hampshire - based maker of the manufacturing equipment used by solar energy companies , whose IPO is scheduled for this week .
“ It ’ll hurt that solar stocks have been volatile , ” said Samuel Snyder , a senior research analyst with Greenwich , Connecticut - based advisory firm Renaissance Capital .
“ But investors will see unique aspects that make GT Solar attractive . ”
One of those advantages is GT Solar ’s position as one of only a few makers of the manufacturing equipment used by the solar companies , analysts say .
“ It ’s a less fragmented arena , ” said Pavel Molchanov , an alternative energy analyst with Raymond James & Associates .
“ The landscape is not quite as competitive . ”
GT Solar ’s regulatory filings also reveal a compound annual growth rate of 128 percent in the past two years that should comfort investors , with revenue of $ 244 million for the year that ended in March .
That growth rate explains why GT Solar would trade at 66 times 2007 earnings if the IPO priced at the midpoint of its forecast range , a high multiple compared with those of other solar stocks , said Scott Sweet , an analyst with IPO Boutique .
GT Solar ’s IPO is forecast to price in a range of $ 15.50 to $ 17.50 , with a midpoint of $ 16.50 a share .
“ Their growth is astronomical and they have a backlog , so it will support a higher price earnings ratio , ” Sweet said .
In its filing , the company said it has an order backlog of $ 1.3 billion .
Other solar companies have widely varying multiples based on 2007 earnings , from a price / earnings ratio of nearly 36 for Suntech and 15 for Applied Technologies .
First Solar Inc FSLR.O , one of the few solar stocks doing well lately , is trading at a multiple of nearly 200 , while SunPower Corp 's SPWR .
O multiple is 60 and LDK Solar Co Ltd's LDK.N is 26 .
SKITTISH INVESTORS
Investors are skittish about cutbacks to subsidies in Spain , a major market , and the uncertainty during an election year around the renewal of a U.S. federal tax credit set to expire in December and that has spurred industry growth .
The tight market for silicon , a key component in the process of turning sunlight into power , might hurt solar energy ’s economics , as could a sustained fall in oil prices .
While oil does not have a direct correlation to demand for solar power , since most electricity in the United States is generated from coal or natural gas , higher crude oil prices generally help boost investor interest in renewable energy .
Last year saw a spate of solar IPOs in the United States , including Chinese manufacturers LDK Solar and Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd YGE.N.
In 2008 , there has been only one solar IPO so far , Real Goods Solar Inc 's RSOL.
O modest $ 55 million debut in May .
Should GT
Solar raise $ 500 million as planned when it goes public , the offering will be the largest - ever U.S. solar IPO and the sixth - largest U.S. IPO of the year overall , according to data from Dealogic .
The company plans to list on the Nasdaq under the ticker " SOLR " SOLR.O .
THE REAL DEAL
Even if solar subsidies were scaled back , the market has reached a maturity and viability that should reassure investors , analysts say .
“ There is a disconnect between the fundamentals of the industry and how stocks are trading , ” Molchanov said .
“ Solar adoption rates are still barely scratching the surface , ” he said , pointing to solar energy ’s 0.1 percent share of the U.S. electric power market , and the 3 percent share in Germany , by far the world ’s largest market .
According to data from research firm Global Markets Direct , solar energy was an $ 18 billion global industry in 2007 , growing at a pace of about 35 percent per year in the last three years .
In the United States , the $ 1.4 billion market is growing even more quickly , at a clip of 60 percent per year .
Ultimately , of course , how GT Solar performs at its debut may hinge on how the capricious markets are feeling that day , said Sal Morreale , who tracks IPOs for financial services firm Cantor Fitzgerald .
“ In an environment like this , an IPO like GT Solar is day to day , ” he said .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Baseball 's All - Stars came to say goodbye to Yankee Stadium -- and what a long , long goodbye it was .
In a game that started Tuesday night and faded well into Wednesday , Justin Morneau slid home just in time on Michael Young 's sacrifice fly in the 15th inning , giving the American League a 4 - 3 victory that extended its unbeaten streak to 12 .
Young ended a 4 - hour , 50 - minute marathon at 1:37 a.m. , with the grand old ballpark half - empty .
It was a good thing , too -- neither team had any pitchers left in the bullpen , but this one was not going to end in another tie .
" It was just crazy how it seemed like it lasted forever , " Texas ' Ian Kinsler said .
" It was the last year for Yankee Stadium , the last All - Star Game , and it 's kind of fitting that it seemed like it lasted forever . "
The NL was given a pregame pep talk by Hall of Famer Ernie Banks , whose motto is : " Let 's play two ! "
And they nearly did , matching the NL's 2 - 1 win at Anaheim in 1967 for the longest All - Star Game ever .
" Yankee Stadium is tough , I 'm telling you , " Yankees closer Mariano Rivera said .
" Did n't want it to end . "
Morneau started the winning rally with a leadoff single against loser Brad Lidge .
After Dioner Navarro singled with one out , J.D. Drew walked to load the bases .
Young lofted a fly to right , and Corey Hart 's throw home took two bounces and was slightly to the first - base side of the plate .
Catcher Brian McCann gloved the ball and tried a sweep tag , but Morneau sneaked his right foot in , barely ahead of the tag .
Plate umpire Derryl Cousins made the safe call , and the AL players left in the dugout rushed out to celebrate .
" It was a little deep for me , " Hart said .
" I was just trying to get it as close as I could . "
HOUSTON  Exxon Mobil reported the best quarterly profit ever for a corporation on Thursday , beating its own record , but investors sold off shares as oil and natural gas prices resumed their recent decline .
Record earnings for Exxon , the world ’s largest publicly traded oil company , have become routine as the surge of oil prices in recent years has filled its coffers .
The company ’s income for the second quarter rose 14 percent , to $ 11.68 billion , compared to the same period a year ago .
That beat the previous record of $ 11.66 billion set by Exxon in the last three months of 2007 .
Exxon ’s profits were nearly $ 90,000 a minute over the quarter , but it was less than Wall Street had expected .
Exxon ’s shares fell 4.6 percent , to close at $ 80.43 .
( The company calculates that it pays $ 274,000 a minute in taxes and spends $ 884,000 a minute to run the business . )
The disappointment from investors is bound to put added pressure on Exxon Mobil ’s chairman and chief executive , Rex Tillerson , to search for new fields in politically precarious areas of Africa and the Middle East .
Human - Cat Psychology : Do Cats Improve Our Mood and Become Attached to Us ?
“ There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life : music and cats . ” — Albert Schweitzer
Last year I covered 5 unusual studies on the psychology of dogs and their owners .
This kicked off a comment thread which discussed how dogs act as ice - breakers , how they might mediate the tension between couples and how long after you died they would wait to feast on your flesh .
Apparently dogs wait longer than cats although I ’m pretty sure there ’s no experimentally controlled evidence for this .
But what about cat - lovers and research into the psychology of cats ?
Inspired by MindHacks , I ’ve uncovered a small literature on cats ’ effects on human mood , their ability to become attached to their owners , their personalities and our relationships with them .
Can cats improve your mood ?
Cats are frequently accused of being selfish , but it ’s humans who are often being a little selfish when they get a cat – they hope it will give them pleasure .
But do cats really consistently improve mood – was Albert Schweitzer right ?
Research carried out by anthrozoologists suggests he was .
A recent Swiss study recruited 212 couples with cats and compared how both their cat and their partner affected their mood .
Their results showed that , in line with previous studies , cats could alleviate negative moods but were unlikely to promote positive moods .
People ’s positive moods were more associated with their partners .
So it ’s a cautious thumbs - up for cats – they might not make you burst into song , but they ’ll take the edge off a bad day .
Is your cat really attached to you ?
The reason that cats can alleviate negative moods is often attributed to attachment – the emotional bond between cat and owner .
But cats are well - known for being fickle so do they really become attached to their owners ?
Remarkably there ’s actually been a quite sophisticated study on cat attachment behaviour towards their owners .
The classic procedure for investigating attachment in humans is the ‘ strange situation ‘ .
It tests how infants react to their mother ( or father ) leaving the room and then returning .
Well , this Mexican research used a similar procedure , but on cats .
Analysis of the cats ’ behaviour suggested they were indeed emotionally attached .
While the cats were with their owners they appeared more relaxed and were more likely to explore their environment .
This is pretty good ammunition for all cat - owners who are fed up with being told by cat - haters that cats do n’t care about … well … anything other than food and catnip .
What is your cat ’s personality ?
So it seems that cats can alleviate negative moods and become attached to humans , but do they actually have personalities of their own ?
Most cat - owners would say yes .
Indeed in this study owners were asked to rate their cats on 12 items and when these were analysed , four dimensions of cat personality emerged .
These were the extent to which their cat was :
Active , clever , curious , and sociable .
Emotional , friendly and protective .
Aggressive and bad - tempered .
Timid .
Remember these are n’t categories but rather dimensions , so that a cat might receive a rating on each of these four dimensions which altogether would make up their personality .
With a bit of imagination these four factors can be superimposed on the widely agreed five factors of human personality : the first factor is like extraversion , the second could be neuroticism , the third factor agreeableness and the last factor openness to experience .
Obviously the final human factor , conscientiousness , has no place in the psychology of cats – whoever heard of a conscientious cat ?
One legitimate criticism of this research is that people are just imagining or projecting personalities onto their cats .
But these dimensions do line up with previous research on cat personality which has been carried out by people rating cats they did n’t know .
How to develop a good relationship with your cat
Like any relationship , that between a cat and a human seems to require give and take , especially since cats are so independent .
Dr Dennis Turner from the Institute for Applied Ethology and Animal Psychology has carried out a series of studies investigating how humans and cats interact ( e.g. this one ) .
From his research Dr Turner argues that the best relationships between cats and humans are found when humans respect a cat ’s independence .
Of course anyone who actually owns a cat hardly needs to be told that !
Random cat psychology facts
Here are some other random cat facts I uncovered :
Fat cat facts :
Owners of obese cats ca n’t see how fat their cats really are .
Also , unlike the owners of fat dogs , owners of fat cats tended not to be overweight themselves .
Cats sent off to quarantine are friendlier , more affectionate and more timid when they return home .
Cats lack a sweet taste receptor – so there ’s another reason , along with the fact that it can seriously harm or kill them , not to feed them chocolate .
[ Image credit : swanky ]
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
1913 : Federal Reserve
Act creates national banking system .
1914 : Federal Trade Commission
Act prohibits unfair or deceptive business practices .
1933 : With memories of 1929 stock crash still fresh , Glass - Steagall Act separates “ commercial banks ” focusing on consumer activities ( checking , savings ) from “ investment banks , ” which deal with speculative trading and mergers .
1968 : Truth in Lending
Act requires banks to disclose loan terms & fees .
1970 : Bank Holding Company
Act Amendments first step toward weakening Glass - Steagall ; allow commercial banks , via holding companies , to both accept deposits and make commercial loans .
1978 : Supreme Court ’s Marquette decision gives banks the right to make loans in states other than where they are headquartered ; lenders rush to places with the weakest consumer protections , e.g. Delaware and South Dakota .
1980 : After interest rates rise 13 percentage points in 2 years , President Carter signs law further hollowing out Glass - Steagall .
The measure — pushed through by Sen. Jake Garn ( R - Utah ) , a former insurance executive — demolishes usury caps for mortgages and raises bar for prosecuting lenders .
Jan 1981 : Sen . Garn becomes chair of Senate Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs Committee with fellow deregulation advocate M. Danny Wall as majority staff director .
American Banker exults that “ lobbyists here view Mr. Wall ’s promotion as a gift swept to shore by the [ GOP ] tide last election day . ”
1982 : Sen. Garn coauthors Garn - St. Germain Depository Institutions
Act , which deregulates savings and loan industry .
1984 : S&Ls start crashing in Texas as oil boom peters out .
More than 1,000 thrifts nationwide will fail between 1986 and 1995 ; debacle will cost $ 500 billion , including $ 124 billion in taxpayer money .
April 2 , 1987 : Sen. John McCain meets with federal regulators to discuss investigation of Lincoln Savings and Loan .
The thrift ’s owner , Charles Keating , was the senator ’s business partner and campaign contributor , and flew McCain around on his private jet .
Sept : Drexel Burnham Lambert , home to “ junk - bond king ” Michael Milken , creates “ collateralized debt obligations ” ( CDOS ) — securities made up of myriad loans and bonds with different risk levels .
Dec 9 , 1988 : Silverado S&L collapses , leaving $ 1.3 billion taxpayer liability ; board members include Neil Bush , who engineered loans to friends in what federal Office of Thrift Supervision will call “ multiple conflicts of interest . ”
Bush later tells Congress a few of his deals may have looked “ a little fishy . ”
Feb 6 , 1989 : President George H.W. Bush bails out S&L industry ; among those helped is his son , Jeb , as government takes over most of a $ 5 million second mortgage on his Miami office building .
Sept 30 , 1995 : Congress enacts Truth in Lending
Act “ reform , ” easing regulations on creditors ; bill powered through by Rep. Bill McCollum ( D - Fla. ) , a key recipient of finance , insurance , and real estate ( FIRE ) donations ( $ 136,000 in 1993 - 94 ) .
Dec 22 : As part of Newt Gingrich ’s Contract With America , Congress enacts a measure making it more difficult to sue companies for securities fraud .
Aug 2 , 1996 : Office of Thrift Supervision issues rule preempting almost all state laws regulating S&L credit activities .
1997 -1998 : FIRE sector spends more than $ 200 million on lobbying and $ 150 million on political donations ; top agenda items include repealing Glass - Steagall to facilitate mergers .
March 4 , 1998 : First Union acquires
The Money Store , nation ’s 5th - largest subprime lender ( and home to ex- Yankee broadcaster Phil Rizzuto ’s commercials ) .
April 1998 : Citicorp and Travelers announce biggest - ever corporate merger ( $ 70 billion ) ; transaction technically illegal under Glass - Steagall ; CEO Sandy Weill launches $ 12 million campaign to repeal law .
June 1998 : Conseco purchases mobile home lender turned subprime powerhouse Green Tree in $ 6 billion deal .
July 1999 : North Carolina General Assembly bucks deregulation trend , passing landmark measure to curb predatory lending .
Nov 1999 : Gramm - Leach - Bliley
Act guts Glass - Steagall , setting off wave of megamergers among banks and insurance and securities companies .
Driving force is Sen. Phil Gramm ( R - Texas ) , who has received $ 4.6 million from FIRE sector over previous decade .
June 20 , 2000 : Treasury and HUD urge Fed to investigate subprime units of major banks .
No Fed action follows .
June 26 : First Union closes
The Money Store , takes $ 2.8 billion write - down .
Dec 14 : As Congress heads for Christmas recess , Sen . Gramm attaches 262 - page amendment to an omnibus appropriations bill .
Commodity Futures Modernization
Act will deregulate derivatives trading , give rise to Enron debacle , and open door to an explosion in new , unregulated securities .
Dec 27 : American Homeownership and Economic Opportunity
Act makes it harder for consumers to get out of lender - required insurance .
National Association of Realtors lobbies hard for it , spending $ 9 million , plus $ 4 million in contributions .
March 6 , 2001 : FTC sues Citigroup and its subsidiary Associates , nation ’s 2nd - largest subprime originator , charging “ systematic abusive lending practices ” involving 2 million borrowers ; 18 months later Citigroup settles for a paltry $ 215 million .
April 6 : Fed chair Alan Greenspan signals concern with “ abusive lending practices that target vulnerable segments of the population and can result in unaffordable payments , equity stripping , and foreclosure . ”
July 27 : “ ‘ Predatory ’ is really a high - profile word with no definition , ” Ameriquest chairman Stephen W. Prough tells Congress , urging rollback of subprime regulations .
April 22 , 2002 : Georgia ’s new anti-predatory law signed ; Ameriquest helps lead campaign against it and announces that it wo n’t do business in Georgia until law is changed .
Standard & Poor ’s refuses to rate Georgia mortgage securities , choking credit supply to state ’s home buyers ; law gutted within a year .
Oct 7 : Swiss investment bank UBS announces that Sen .
Gramm is joining it to “ advise clients on corporate finance issues and strategy ” ; he will also lobby Congress , Treasury , and Fed on banking and mortgage issues as industry pushes to eliminate predatory - lending rules .
Dec 18 : Conseco files for bankruptcy , mostly due to its purchase of subprime lender Green Tree .
In all , 13 banks have failed during 2002 — most , according to a Fed report , because of bad loans and “ improper accounting related to the securitizing of assets . ”
March 2003 : HSBC acquires Household Finance , nation ’s 4th - largest subprime lender .
May 1 : New Jersey ’s anti-predatory - lending law signed .
Again , Ameriquest and other lenders launch campaign to kill it and Standard & Poor ’s says it wo n’t rate certain New Jersey securities ; law gutted within a year .
2004 : Ameriquest employees give total of $ 200,000 to Bush campaign ; founder Roland Arnall and wife Dawn give more than $ 5 million to pro-Bush PACS .
Arnall later appointed ambassador to Netherlands .
Jan 7 , 2004 : Federal Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issues final rule to preempt states from applying most of their credit laws to national banks and their subsidiaries .
March 2005 : Rep. Robert Ney ( R - Ohio ) — who will later go to prison on corruption charges related to Abramoff scandal — introduces Responsible Lending Act , billed as an anti-predatory - lending measure but in fact designed to preempt stronger state laws .
Key supporters include New Century Financial , nation ’s 2nd - largest subprime lender , which has contributed nearly $ 50,000 to Ney ’s campaign .
Consumer advocates call it “ Loan Shark Protection Act . ”
April : Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection
Act makes it far harder for consumers ( but not businesses ) to discharge debts .
Chief sponsor , Sen. Charles Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , has received $ 2 million - plus from fire sector since 1989 .
Sept 1 : As housing bubble begins to deflate , administration economist Patrick Lawler announces , “ There is no evidence here of prices topping out .
On the contrary , house price inflation continues to accelerate . ”
Sept 22 : Illinois Supreme Court hands mortgage lenders a victory , blowing away a 3 % cap on fees for loans with more than 8 % interest .
Jan 23 , 2006 : Ameriquest settles 49 - state investigation into deceptive subprime practices for $ 325 million .
April 27 : Fed chairman Ben Bernanke acknowledges “ signs of softening ” in housing market , but says a “ sharp slowdown ” unlikely .
July 10 : Henry M. Paulson Jr. sworn in as Treasury secretary , leaving job as Goldman Sachs chairman and CEO .
In 2005 , Goldman securitized $ 68 billion in residential mortgages and $ 23 billion in “ other assets ” primarily related to CDOS .
Jan 2 , 2007 : Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) assumes chairmanship of House Financial Services Committee .
FIRE sector tops his list of contributors , with total of $ 746,000 for 2005 - 06 cycle .
Jan 29 : Paulson tells Congress , “ One of the pleasant surprises I had coming to government has been the strong economy we have today . ”
Feb 22 : HSBC ’s head of mortgage - lending business resigns .
Its losses reach $ 10.5 billion .
Feb 28 : Bernanke tells House Budget Committee the housing sector “ is a concern , but at this point we do n’t see it as being a broad financial concern or a major factor in assessing the course of the economy . ”
Feb 28 : New - home sales reported down 20.1 % from previous year .
March 12 : Sen. John McCain ’s presidential campaign announces that Sen. Gramm will join it as cochair and economic policy adviser .
April 2 : Subprime giant New Century Financial files for Chapter 11 after being forced to repurchase billions of dollars of bad loans .
May 3 : UBS shuts down Dillon Read Capital Management , its US subprime arm .
GM ’s finance unit announces deep losses on subprime mortgages .
SEC task force begins meeting to examine Wall Street ’s handling of subprime loans .
June 9 : In Wall Street Journal interview , former Fed governor Edward Gramlich accuses Greenspan of blocking a 2000 proposal to increase scrutiny of subprime lenders .
Greenspan responds there are “ a very large number of small institutions , some on the margin of scrupulousness and very hard to detect when they are doing something wrong . ”
July 16 : Jim Cramer , host of CNBC ’s Mad Money , says the subprime “ lending thing ” is “ completely meaningless
…
It has no relevance whatsoever . ”
Less than 3 weeks later , Cramer will have meltdown on air , pleading with Fed to cut rates and save Wall Street .
July 19 - 20 : In congressional testimony , Bernanke cuts growth forecasts for 2007 and 2008 , blaming problems in housing market ; warns that subprime crisis could cost up to $ 100 billion .
Aug 6 : American Home Mortgage , one of the largest US independent home - loan providers , files for Chapter 11 .
Aug 16 : Countrywide , biggest US mortgage lender , narrowly avoids bankruptcy by taking out emergency $ 11.5 billion loan .
Aug 31 : Ameriquest goes out of business .
Sept 14 : Sen. Barney Frank in Boston Globe : Mortgage crisis “ was in large part a natural experiment on the role of regulation . ”
Sept 20 : Treasury secretary Paulson tells House Financial Services Committee that “ fundamental reappraisals in the pricing and appetite of risk have taken place numerous times …
We are in the process of another such reappraisal . ”
Sept 30 : UBS announces 3rd-quarter losses of $ 690 million .
Jan 2008 : Number of homes facing foreclosure up 57 % compared to same month of previous year .
US unemployment rises sharply .
Jan 10 : Cleveland files lawsuit against numerous financial institutions alleging that their activities in connection with securitization of subprime mortgages created a “ public nuisance . ” ( Litigation still pending . )
Jan 15 : Citigroup reports $ 9.8 billion loss for 4th quarter and writes down $ 18 billion in subprime losses .
Jan 22 & 30 : Fed makes biggest rate cut in 25 years — 1.25 percentage points , to 3 % .
Feb 6 : Longest period of decline in nationwide house prices since 1990 .
March 7 : Former bosses of Merrill Lynch , Countrywide , and Citigroup questioned by a congressional panel about the $ 460 million in compensation they received between them during 5 years of subprime boom .
March 16 : Bear Stearns announces takeover by JPMorgan Chase in Fed- engineered bailout ; measure approved by Fed Board of Governors with fewer votes than required by law , under a post - 9/11 “ national security emergency ” exception .
March 25 : In speech on housing market , Sen. McCain calls for easing crisis by “ removing regulatory , accounting , and tax impediments to raising capital . ”
April 18 : Jerry Bowyer , chief economist for financial services firm Benchmark , says in New York Sun op - ed that fault for subprime crisis “ lies with the small army of hard - left political hustlers who spent the early 1990s pushing risky mortgages on home lenders .
And the fault lies especially with the legislators that gave them the power to do it . ”
April 29 : Foreclosure activity reported up 112 % from first quarter of 2007 .
May 6 : Bush announces he will veto legislation directing $ 15 billion to neighborhoods ransacked by foreclosures .
Also threatens to veto legislation to provide $ 300 billion for struggling homeowners ( and force lenders to renegotiate some mortgages ) because it would be a “ burdensome bailout ” that “ opens taxpayers to too much risk . ”
Ben Goldacre
The Guardian ,
Saturday March 1 2008
It was fun to hear universal jubilation over the new meta - analysis showing once again that some antidepressants are n’t much cop in mild or moderate depression : most of all on the Today programme , where a newsreader said the industry was contesting the study on the basis that it was not in line “ with patient experience ” .
I ’ve always said that homeopaths mimic big pharma in their marketing spiel , but this is the first time I ’ve seen it done the other way around , so bravo to pill peddlers of all shades .
In fact the new study added nothing ( and it was ridiculously badly reported , see further down this page ) : we already knew that antidepressants perform only marginally better than placebo , and the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence guidelines have actively advised against using them in milder depression since 2004 .
But the more interesting questions are around placebo .
Do drugs stop working if you know they are little better than a sugar pill ?
And do cultural factors , like our collective faith in a treatment , have a measurable effect on the benefits ?
On this , there has been a only tiny amount of highly tenuous research .
Firstly , a study by Daniel Moerman looked at 117 studies of ulcer drugs from 1975 to 1994 and found that the drugs may interact in a way you might not expect : culturally , rather than pharmacodynamically .
Cimetidine was one of the first anti-ulcer drugs on the market , and it is still in use today .
In 1975 , when it was brand new , it eradicated 80 % of ulcers , on average , in various different trials .
But as time passed the success rate of cimetidine – this very same drug – deteriorated to just 50 % .
This deterioration seems to have occurred particularly after the introduction of ranitidine , a competing and supposedly superior drug .
There are various possible interpretations of this finding : it ’s possible , of course , that it was a function of changing research protocols .
But one possibility is that the older drug became less effective after new ones were brought in , because of deteriorating medical belief in it .
Another study from 2002 looked at 75 trials of antidepressants over the past 20 years , but looked only at the response in the placebo arms of the trials , and found that the response to placebo has increased significantly in recent years ( as has the response to medication ) : perhaps our expectations of those drugs have increased , or perhaps , conversely to our earlier example , the trial designs have become systematically more flattering .
I ’m giving you tenuous data , on an interesting area , because I know you ’re adult enough to cope with ambiguity .
But what if you just come right out and tell somebody , without any ambiguity , that they are taking a placebo ?
One classic study from 1965 offers a clue , although it was small and without a control group , so once again , buyer beware .
They gave a pink placebo pill three times a day to patients they termed “ neurotic ” , and the explanation given to the patients was startlingly clear about what was going on .
Here is the standardised script which was prepared , and carefully read out to each patient :
“ Mr Doe … we have a week between now and your next appointment , and we would like to do something to give you some relief from your symptoms .
Many different kinds of tranquillisers and similar pills have been used for conditions such as yours , and many of them have helped .
Many people with your kind of condition have also been helped by what are sometimes called ‘ sugar pills ’ , and we feel that a so - called sugar pill may help you , too .
Do you know what a sugar pill is ?
A sugar pill is a pill with no medicine in it at all .
I think this pill will help you as it has helped so many others .
Are you willing to try this pill ? ”
They got good results .
Go figure , or rather : go buy shares in the homeopathy industry .
Sugar pills are the future , if only there was a way to give them with integrity , and a straight face .
· Please send your bad science to bad.science@guardian.co.uk
References :
A good place to read about Moerman ’s stuff on ulcers and the rest is in this paper , which most of you with Athens logins should be able to get ( I know , I ’m sorry , information wants to be free , it ’s criminal ) .
Making space for the placebo effect in pain medicine
Daniel E. Moerman , Anne Harrington
Seminars in Pain Medicine
Volume 3 , Issue 1 , March 2005 , Pages 2 - 6
dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.spmd.2005.02.008
The antidepressants ’ increasing placebo effect is from Walsh 2002 , and is free access .
Placebo response in studies of major depression : variable , substantial , and growing .
Walsh BT , Seidman SN , Sysko R , Gould M .
JAMA .
2002;287:1840-1847 .
jama.ama-assn.org/cgi/content/full/287/14/1840
And lastlly , basically I rule the internet , because to my total astonishment I have found an online version of Park and Covi ’s classic 1965 paper describing an open and honest trial of pink sugar pills , which is a relief , because when I went to read it ages ago I had to go all old skool in the library with paper and my ( top tip coming ) digital camera , the perfect way to sidestep libraries ’ preposterous photocopying charges .
Here it is :
An Exploration of Neurotic Patients ’ Responses to Placebo When Its Inert Content Is Disclosed
Archives of General Psychiatry April 1965 , Vol. 12 , pp. 336-345
LEE C. PARK , MD , AND UNO COVI , MD , BALTIMORE
www.leecrandallparkmd.net/researchpages/placebo1.html
It ’s well known that Canadian conventional gas peaked around 2001 , but according to a continuing trends prediction case from the National Energy Board , it does n’t appear as if unconventional gas will be playing a big part , at least compared against 2001 peak production levels .
Below I summarize some predictions for future production of Canadian natural gas and try to estimate how much of Canada 's natural gas will be left over for regular Canadian citizens .
Canadian natural gas is important in a number of ways :
It provides 17 % of total US NG consumption and today contributes roughly 11 % [ see calc at bottom ] of the energy content in a barrel of tar sands oil ( which will only increase with in - situ recovery growth ) .
By no means ( conventional or unconventional ) , can Canada be considered to have lots of natural gas , yet , we produce more than our fair share .
Accurately predicting Canadian NG supply is , of course , important for all the usual North American energy security reasons and , among others :
It would be nice to know if Canadians will have NG for things other than tar sands and exports to the US .
Half of all Canadian homes are heated primarily by natural gas and about 6 % of Canada 's electricity sector relies on natural gas , a lot of which is used as peak electricity generation .
Here is the EIA ’s take on Canadian natural gas :
In 2004 , Canada provided 85 percent of gross U.S. imports of natural gas .
Although Canada ’s unconventional and Arctic production both are expected to increase over the projection period , and LNG imports into Eastern Canada are expected to begin by the end of the decade , those supply increases are not expected to be sufficient to offset a decline in conventional production in Canada ’s largest producing basin , the Western Sedimentary Basin .
Gross U.S. imports of LNG are projected to exceed gross pipeline imports from Canada after 2015 , and Canada ’s share of gross U.S. imports is projected to decline to 25 percent in 2030 .
...
In Canada , natural gas consumption in the residential and commercial sectors is expected to increase steadily at rates of 0.5 and 0.7 percent per year , respectively .
Strong growth rates of 2.2 percent per year in Canada ’s consumption of natural gas for electricity generation and 2.1 percent per year for industrial uses — including vast quantities of natural gas consumed in the mining of the country ’s oil sands deposits — are the main contributors to Canada ’s projected consumption growth .
In short , Canadian production decreases while consumption increases and LNG imports start while we ’re still exporting .
From an energy security stand point , this is not good and will be felt over a broad range of industries .
Canada will become a net natural gas importer , which will require new LNG terminals , some new pipeline connections and maybe even a reversal of the flow of gas from east to west depending on where the LNG will be coming from .
As far as Canadian exports to the US go , this is linked to production through NAFTA .
NAFTA requires that Canada continue to export about 60 % of its gas production to the US , and based on the EIA ’s predictions of Canadian NG imports , it seems as if the US will be holding Canada to this clause .
How much Canadian gas will be produced ?
I ’ve painstakingly dug up some good historical NG production data for Canada and compiled a small list of predictions from the NEB and EIA .
I ’ve put all of the data here for the world to enjoy ( aside : why oh why do n’t my Canadian tax dollars pay for a good centralized service like the EIA for energy stats ? ) .
Sources for the historical data are :
Stats Canada ( two data sets : 1911 - 1980 , 1970 - 2002 paid service thanks to TOD: C advertising revenue )
EIA ( 1980 - 2005 )
NEB ( 2002 -2008 )
IEA ( 1999 - 2008 )
Sources for the outlooks :
2007 EIA International Energy Outlook ( NG section )
NEB energy futures to 2030
My own simple Hubbert model
Most of these predictions come from the National Energy Board of Canada ( NEB ) .
The NEB seems to be playing it pretty safe with their predictions , which makes it hard to find a take home message from their work :
The difference between their “ Fortified Islands ” projection and their “ Triple E ” projection by 2030 is 14.3 bcf/d , 37 % more gas than what Canada exports to the US now at close to peak production and most of which would come from unconventional sources .
The predictions in Fig 1 do include unconventional natural gas as well as any gas that may come online from the Mackenzie Valley pipeline ( not expected until 2015 and produces at most 0.5 bcf /d ) and any Arctic sources ( not expected until 2022 , if at all , and produces at most 1 bcf / d ) .
These scenarios also have some rather optimistic price predictions for oil and gas .
No scenario sees WTI oil going above $ 85 / bbl by 2030 and the highest Henry Hub gas price prediction is $ 12 / MMBtu .
Continuing Trends
This scenario is one of little change .
In Continuing Trends , Canada experiences the most rapid economic growth and moderate oil and gas prices .
As a result , energy demand , energy production and GHG emissions growth continue to be high .
WTI oil price : flatlines at $ 50 after 2010
NG Henry Hub price : flatlines at $ 6.65 / MMBtu after 2010
Triple E
The scenario seeks a balance of economic , environmental , and energy ( Triple E ) objectives .
This scenario is the mid-case for Canadian economic growth , has the lowest oil and gas commodity prices , and includes numerous energy demand management programs and policies .
Consequently , energy demand growth flattens .
This is the lowest energy production scenario and GHG emissions decline .
WTI oil price : flatlines at $ 35 after 2020
NG Henry Hub price : flatlines at $ 5.50 / MMBtu after 2020
Fortified Islands
Fortified Islands is the scenario wherein national energy security concerns are emphasized .
Geopolitical unrest , a lack of international cooperation and trust , and protectionist government policies characterize this scenario .
Fortified Islands reflects the lowest Canadian economic growth and the highest oil and gas prices .
This combination of factors ensures that this scenario has lower energy demand growth and lower GHG emissions growth than the Continuing Trends Scenario .
It also results in the strongest domestic oil and gas production scenario .
WTI oil price : flatlines at $ 85 after 2010
NG Henry Hub price : $ 12 / MMBtu
In reading these descriptions , it sounds as if the NEB is taking the approach of whatever the demand may be , production will keep up , not uncommon for these sorts of predictions although if you read through the report , they do focus on production .
The Triple E scenario has the lowest production of NG and at the same time , the lowest commodity prices , as if somehow demand for NG will all of a sudden plummet .
Fortified Islands has the most expensive commodity prices and as a result , it becomes viable to bring more unconventional gas online ( 64 % of total 2030 production under this scenario is unconventional gas ) .
Natural gas usage by tar sands
The table below shows the predicted volumes of bitumen and SCO production ( MMbbl / d ) :
Year Continuing Trends Triple E Fortified Islands 2010 1.415 1.415 1.415 2015 1.827 1.757 1.972 2020 2.124 1.787 2.390 2025 2.415 1.764 2.782 2030 2.664 1.800 3.078
Using these tar sands production numbers , I ’ve estimated how much gas the tar sands could be using , assuming : 1 ) the 2005 average natural gas usage of 638 cf / bbl ( which falls between the high and low estimates of NG use by the strip mining process of the tar sands ) and 2 ) a high estimate of natural gas usage by strip mining of 988 cf / bbl ( in an attempt to account for increased in - situ tar sands development ) .
The results are in the figure below .
In short , full gas production from Mackenzie and Arctic sources ( 1.5 bcf.d total by 2022 ) will not be enough to sustain tar sands production alone .
Since most of Canada ’s bitumen is only available by in - situ mining techniques , which are expected to consume anywhere between 900 - 1200 cf / bbl , I might be generous in using a tar sands NG utilization value of 988 cf / bbl for the high end of my calculation .
There is always the possibility that other energy sources , such as coal or nuclear ( starting 2017 at the earliest ) will contribute to the mining of the bitumen though .
Natural gas exported to the US
Under NAFTA , Canada must export ~ 60 % of total gas production to the US .
The table below compares expected exports to the US based on my Hubbert model and the expected imports used in the EIA ’s Energy Outlook .
Year US imports of Canadian gas predicted by the EIA Exports predicted by Hubbert model and 60 % proportionality clause 2010 7.88 9.38 2015 7.33 7.91 2020 4.71 6.15 2025 3.78 4.57 2030 3.20 3.22
Interestingly , it seems as if the EIA is either more pessimistic about Canadian production than my Hubbert curve or they ’re giving Canada a break from the proportionality agreement ( perhaps so they can have more oil ) .
What ’s left over for Canadians ?
This is where a lot of assumptions accumulate and can stand to be refined with proper statistical techniques , but here 's a rough go at it .
First , I 'm taking the Hubbert curve of Canadian NG production to be a rough estimate of how much gas will be produced .
This production matches fairly closely with one of the NEB 's predictions AND it appears as if the EIA has a scenario in which they predict less Canadian gas production ( back calculated from the proportionality clause and their expected imports from Canada ) .
Another assumption , probably a good one , is that the priority for Canada 's natural gas will be the tar sands and exports to the US .
With this we can now estimate how much Canadian natural gas is actually left over for your average Canadian citizen ( defined here as Canadian production - tar sands consumption - exports to US ) :
Here I ’ve compared two cases .
The first , which I call the good case for Canadian citizens , uses the lowest NG consumption values that I ’ve calculated from the tar sands as well as the lowest NG export numbers to the US .
The bad case for Canadian citizens uses the highest NG consumption numbers from the tar sands and the highest NG consumption numbers for NG exports to the US .
As stated above , Canada ’s residential sector is expected to increase its natural gas usage by 0.5 % per year .
By 2010 , this corresponds to a residential NG use of 1.87bcf / d up to 4.97bcf / d 1.55 bcf / d up to 1.71 bcf / d [ thanks jorn ] by 2030 .
Based only on residential use , tar sands production and exports to the US , Canada will need to become a LNG importer or ramp up unconventional gas production between 2015 - 2020 2025 - 2030 ( actually before this if we account for commercial NG use as well ) .
The somewhat comforting news ( if you we can say that becoming dependent on foreign LNG is comforting ) is that 5.8bcf / d of LNG terminals is in the works and could be online by 2012 ( the first will be online in 2009 ) .
I 'll end this post with a brief mention of some new unconventional gas finds in Canada .
Within the last couple of month 's there have been some new natural gas finds in British Columbia and in Quebec .
The BC find could be 6 tcf of gas reserves and rival those of the Mackenzie Delta , and the one in Quebec could be 2.5tcf , but both quite expensive to develop .
Calc :
2005 bitumen production = 1.36 million bbl/d @ 6.1GJ / bbl
NG used by tar sands in 2005 ~ 0.87 bcf/d @ 1.1E6 GJ / bcf
NG energy content / upgraded bitumen energy content = 0.115
Average NG used per bbl tar sands oil : 18m3
Source : Alberta Energy and Utilities Board
Richard Gere Fiat Commercial Controversy ( Video )
Richard Gere , president of the Gere Foundation , International Campaign for Tibet , attends the hearing ' The Crisis in Tibet : Finding a Path to Peace ' at the Capitol in Washington , D.C. 4/23/08
Italian car company
Fiat has issued an apology to China over a television ad featuring actorand a reference to Tibet .
China has come under fire for the way it has handled violent unrest in Tibet , which seeks autonomy from the country .
Gere , a Buddhist , has been active in the free Tibet movement , and has ties to the Dalai Lama , the exiled spiritual leader viewed by China as a traitor .
The commercial for Fiat 's new Lancia Delta , shows Gere driving from Hollywood to the Himalayas , where he stops to make handprints in the snow with a young Buddhist monk .
Fiat issued a statement apologizing to the Chinese government and it's people , but said the ad will not be pulled .
Last month Christian Dior pulled ads featuring Sharon Stone after the actress suggested that the earthquake that hit China may have been " karma . "
View the controversial Richard Gere Fiat commercial below .
photo : Wenn
is
There seems to be great disagreement over at the Cato Institute whether or not inflation is a problem .
One day , we can see Alan Reynolds declare that inflation is not a problem .
A few days later , Steve Hanke declares that inflationa problem .
This is in some ways similar to the debate within the Mises Institute whether inflation is a problem , where I and some others , including Antony Mueller and ( sometimes ) Bob Murphy , do believe that inflation is a problem , while Frank Shostak and his follower ( as well as Gary North ) believes that deflation is the problem .
The ancient scripts that predate - and might rewrite - the Bible
A fresh interpretation of a stone tablet dated to the decades before Jesus 's birth could undermine some fundamentals of the Christian faith , experts claim .
The tablet , which is similar in style to the Dead Sea Scrolls , is said to predict that a messiah would rise from the dead within three days .
The partially - deciphered Ancient Hebrew text had seemed to contain a vision of the apocalypse as told by the Angel Gabriel .
A fragment of the Dead Sea Scrolls which set the word talking when they were discovered 60 years ago .
The new text seems to imply the life and death of Jesus was predicted before his birth
But a leading scholar says it confirms his theory that some Jewish sects before Christ believed a messiah would save them - but not before he was killed and brought back to life after three days .
Israel Knohl , Professor of Biblical Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , says one line of the text tells the ' prince of princes ' slain by the evil government , ' in three days you shall live ' .
He suggests the story refers to the death of a Jewish prince called Simon who led a revolt against King Herod .
Daniel Boyarin , of the University of California at Berkeley , said that there was growing evidence suggesting that Jesus could be best understood through a close reading of the Jewish history of his day .
' Some Christians will find it shocking - a challenge to the uniqueness of their theology , while others will be comforted by the idea of it being a traditional part of Judaism , ' he said .
But Christian scholars dispute any contention that the tablet , which is in a private collection , could dilute the significance of Jesus 's resurrection .
Ben Witherington , of Asbury Theological Seminary in Wilmore , Kentucky , said : ' This stone certainly does not demonstrate that the Gospel passion stories are created on the basis of this stone text . '
Hearings start at around 19 minutes into this first video :
width= ” 1 ″ align = ” left ” alt= ” ”
Part 1 of 4 :
< embed id =” VideoPlayback ” style = ” width:600 px;height:489px ” allowFullScreen=” true ”
After Downing Street —
In this hearing we heard the case for impeachment from Kucinich , Wexler , Jackson - Lee , Johnson , Baldwin , Ellison , Hinchey , Holtzman , Anderson , Adams , and even Barr .
We heard general support in that direction from Scott , Lofgren , and even Nadler ( almost ) .
And we heard Pence ’s and Franks ’ laughable and inculpating defenses along the lines of “ Bush is not a crook . ”
Not bad for the first day ’s work of the 110th Congress !
Now , how about an impeachment hearing ?
We saw a lot of interest from committee members in the offense of signing statements , and also in the refusal to comply with subpoenas .
Those are the issues that seem to have the most traction ( and the least congressional complicity ) .
Now would be the time for a little less talk and a lot more action !
Please call your Representative at ( 202 ) 224-3121 and ask them to call John Conyers and ask for impeachment hearings to begin .
Please ask everyone you know to do the same .
Please call every morning until it happens .
Part 2 of 4 :
< embed id =” VideoPlayback ” style = ” width:600 px;height:489px ” allowFullScreen=” true ”
Part 3 of 4 :
Part 4 of 4 :
< embed id =” VideoPlayback ” style = ” width:600 px;height:489px ” allowFullScreen=” true ”
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
The president of Famitsu publisher Enterbrain , Hirokazu Hamamura , believes that PS3 ’s slow penetration ” in Japan is improving – but that it could still use a price cut before year end .
Speaking exclusively to Famitsu media partner MCV , Hamamura said :
The PS3 ’s penetration pace has been slower than I expected .
Its higher price tag and software development difficulties have been major causes for stalling the growth of its installed base .
However , these problems are gradually being resolved .
If the console gets another price cut by the year - end shopping season , I believe its penetration pace will become accelerated . ”
In a full interview with MCV , Hamamura discusses the impact of Nintendo on the Japanese market , what Xbox 360 needs to do to succeed in the territory and much more .
The Legal Rights of Extraterrestrials
© 1977 Robert A. Freitas Jr. All Rights Reserved .
Robert A. Freitas Jr. , " The Legal Rights of Extraterrestrials , " Analog Science Fiction / Science Fact 97 ( April 1977 ) :54-67 URL : http://www.rfreitas.com/Astro/LegalRightsOfETs.htm
( Author ’s personal note :
This was my first - written and first - paid article ever to be published , and I proudly saved one crisp $ 1 bill – my first dollar earned as a professional writer for this piece – from the proceeds .
I still have that $ 1 bill [ Ser. No. L51805517D ] .)
This paper contains material drawn from the book Xenology ( 1979 ) by Robert A. Freitas Jr. When an alien lands on the White House lawn , who should greet him ( her? it ? ) : someone from the Immigration and Naturalization Service , or someone from the Fish and Wildlife Commission ?
How , one might ask , can an extraterrestrial ( ET ) visitor have any rights at all ?
The ET is not a member of our society , our species , or our planet .
And , loosely speaking , these three qualifications are the most fundamental bases for justice under modern human law .
Must we then sadly admit that any ET visitor must necessarily remain totally rightless ?
In the most general sense , a right is a power or privilege , a fair claim of freedom of action inherent in one person as against all other persons .
It may be based upon any one of a variety of legal theories , ranging from the doctrine of natural rights ( “ equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family ” ) and civil rights ( equality of treatment for all inhabitants ) , to civil liberties or legal rights created by law and dependent upon the existence of civilized society ( as opposed to natural rights ) .
In practice , it has proven exceedingly difficult to apply the doctrine of natural rights .
In this country , as elsewhere , there exist no absolute privileges for any individual .
There is no justice in a legal vacuum or state of anarchy .
Rights must therefore be defined by law .
That is , the value society places on a particular right ( through its laws ) may be measured by the complexity of procedure and burden or proof that must be borne to destroy it .
While one ’s driver ’s license can be revoked rather easily , the right of a person to his life is very highly valued by society , and can only be wrested away by substantial justification before several batteries of juries and appellate courts .
If rights are defined by law , then to whom are rights of various kinds accorded under American jurisprudence ?
In general , both our Constitution and our statutes speak of “ persons ” as the entities to whom right may accrue .
Nonpersons , such as animals , trees , rocks and machines , have no rights and are treated as property .
Property may not bring legal actions on its own behalf , although the human owner of property may do so to recover his own losses .
( Private groups and governmental authorities can also initiate lawsuits against an owner for misuse of his property , such as in nuisance or animal cruelty cases .
But the reparation rarely flows to the benefit of the property itself . )
The history of the scope of protection and legal rights in general is most illuminating .
In The Descent of Man ( 1871 ) , Charles Darwin pointed out that among primitive tribal states it was widely accepted behavior to commit what we would regard as serious crimes ( robbery , murder ) against strangers or innocent travelers .
As an example , he cited the “ North - American Indian ...[ who ] is well - pleased with himself and honored by others , when he scalps a man of another tribe ....
In a rude state of civilization the robbery of strangers is generally considered as honorable . ”
The tales of Homer tell us that Odysseus , returning home after the Trojan wars , summarily executed at least a dozen of his slave girls – for suspected “ misbehavior ” in his absence .
At that time , slave girls were regarded as mere property , possessed of no rights whatsoever .
As one commentator put it , “ the disposal of property was ... a matter of expediency , not of right and wrong . ”
In early Roman times prior to the introduction of Justinian law , a father retained jus vitae necisque – the right of life and death – over his children .
Male parents could banish or execute their children , or sell them into slavery .
Children ( nonadult humans ) were thus not legal persons , in our modern understanding of the term .
More recently , certain other classes of humans have had less than complete rights under American law .
For instance , in the well known Dred Scott v. Sanborn ( 1857 ) case , Supreme Court Justice Roger B .
Taney wrote with solemn judicial punctilio that blacks were “ a subordinate and inferior class of beings , who had been subjugated by the dominant race . ”
A Virginia court ( one year later ) articulated this position with even greater clarity : ‘ So far as civil rights and relations are concerned , the slave is not a person but a thing . ”
Hence , little more than a century ago in this country , human beings of a particular race were deemed nonpersons ( and therefore mere property ) in the eyes of the law .
Over the years , the status of personhood has gradually been extended to include blacks , children , women , aliens ( foreigners ) and prisoners , and has come to signify in most recent times a “ human being . ”
But it should be noted that in each case it was a long , hard battle to extend rights to any new class of entities .
It will be no different in the case of the extraterrestrial .
On the other hand , there are a few liberal trends on the horizon .
The law has long recognized that groups of humans – such as corporations and municipalities – may be considered as legal persons for some purposes .
A corporation is sometimes referred to as a “ citizen ” of a country , though in reality it is just a fictitious entity .
Also , there are many groups working for an increase in the rights of animals .
( While enforcement remains a problem , dolphins and other marine mammals may be killed only in very well - defined and specific situations under federal law . )
And at least one jurist has suggested that trees and rivers be granted a measure of legal personhood .
There is ample material to construct either a liberal or a conservative view of the ET visitor under American law .
In any prima impressionis situation , the legislators and courts must draw upon all arguments available to them .
But we must bear in mind that the law is primarily a product of social problems and conflicts .
If there are few problems , there is little law .
Hence , there is not and cannot be any body of substantive doctrine to direct us in assessing the rights of the ET .
There are , however , a few basic guidelines that have been established .
“ Metalaw ” is that branch of theoretical law which deals with a generalized jus naturale ( natural law ) relating to all sentient beings , be they on Earth or on other worlds .
Metalaw Today
How should we treat extraterrestrial visitors ?
This fundamental ethical question must first be dealt with before we may address ourselves to their rights under the law .
As we sift through the mountains of philosophical and sacred writings which represent our species ’ collective anthropocentric wisdom , we find the so - called “ Golden Rule ” cropping up again and again .
For example : “ What is hateful to thyself , do not unto they neighbor ” ( Babylonian Talmud ) ; “ A man should treat all living creatures as he himself would be treated ” ( Sutra - Kritanga ) ; “ You must expect to be treated by others as you have treated them ” ( Seneca ) ; “ Do naught to others which if done to thee would cause thee pain ” ( Hindu Mahabharata 5.1517 ) ; “ We should behave to friends as we would wish friends to behave to us ” ( Aristotle ) ; “ Hurt not others with that which pains yourself ” ( Buddhist Udanavarga 5.18 ) ; and , of course , “ As you wish men to do to you , so also do you to them ” ( Christian Bible , Luke vi. 31 ) .
Should we , then , apply the Golden Rule in dealing with sentient extraterrestrial beings ?
The world ’s first space lawyer , the late Andrew G. Haley , addressed just this question at the Seventh International Astronautical Conference in Rome ( September 17 - 22 , 1956 ) .
The Washington D.C. attorney stated that Metalaw , defined as “ the law governing the rights of intelligent beings of different natures and existing in an indefinite number of different frameworks of natural laws , ” would require a different moral basis than present earthly law .
The Golden Rule , Haley observed , is starkly anthropocentric .
It promotes as a standard of ethical behavior the subjective needs and wishes of humans .
In his paper ‘ Space Law and Metalaw – A Synoptic View , ” he pointed out that to treat other sentient creatures as we would desire to be treated might well mean their destruction .
There is no equitable or ethical basis by which we may be allowed to impose our values on ETs .
Instead , we must find out how they wish and require us to treat them .
Haley framed the Great Rule of Metalaw in a deceptively simple form :
Do unto others as they would have you do unto them .
This is that only way to ensure justice for beings that are “ scarcely imaginable . ”
Absolute equity is the only principle of the laws of mankind that we should permit ourselves to project into our considerations of intelligent extraterrestrial life forms .
The Great Rule preserves this principle , by granting individual sovereignty to each sentient race in the cosmos .
What of the possibility of malevolent ETs ?
Surely we must violate the Great Rule and ruthlessly defend ourselves at all costs ?
Haley argued not unconvincingly that virtually all extraterrestrial civilizations will either be inferior to us by a fair margin , or will be far superior technologically .
( This is also the finding of modern exobiological theory . )
Of the inferior ones , we should have little trouble physically restraining them from doing us harm .
Of the superior ones , they should have no fear of us whatsoever and will most likely treat us with benevolence as a result .
This is , of course , an old argument – and not fully satisfying , since it solves the problem by defining it away .
The solution to our dilemma lies in the Great Rule itself and the principle of absolute equality .
Each set of facts must be examined on its own merits .
More specifically , we should authorize the use of “ reasonable force ” in dealing with less - than - benevolent ET visitors :
Just enough force to restrain them from damaging us , but only exactly that much , and no more .
The next great leap forward in the development of Metalaw occurred in 1970 , with the publication of the first full - length book on the subject .
Relations with Alien Intelligences , written by the Austrian jurist Dr. Ernst Fasan , represents an excellent attempt to evolve a sophisticated set of metalaws consistent with jus naturale .
Dr. Fasan relies on a theory of absolute equity in the form of an ethical “ litmus test ” – the Categorical Imperative , as proposed by the 18th century German philosopher Immanuel Kant .
In Kant ’s own terminology , the Imperative proposes a moral axiom which is true a priori for every sentient being : “ Act in such a way that the maxim of your will can at the same time always be valid as a principle of general legislation . ”
In other words , when considering a particular course of conduct , judge whether or not it is desirable that it become a general rule .
For instance , if one contemplates murder , he should ask : ‘ Would it be desirable for everyone to murder ? ”
Clearly it would not , since acceptance of this proposition would lead to the death of the murderer himself .
Using the Categorical Imperative , the Great Rule , and a few very basic assumptions about the character of the extraterrestrial creature ( alive , three - dimensional and physically detectable , intelligent and possessing a “ will to live ” ) , Dr. Fasan derives eleven fundamental metalaws of general validity .
In descending order of importance , they are :
(1) No partner of Metalaw may demand an impossibility .
( 2 ) No rule of Metalaw must be complied with when compliance would result in the practical suicide of the obligated race .
( 3 ) All intelligence races of the universe have in principle equal rights and values .
( 4 ) Every partner of Metalaw has the right of self - determination .
( 5 ) Any act which causes harm to another race must be avoided .
( 6 ) Every race is entitled to its own living space .
( 7 ) Every race has the right to defend itself against any harmful act performed by another race .
( 8 ) The principle of preserving one race has priority over the development of another race .
( 9 ) In case of damage , the damager must restore the integrity of the damaged party .
( 10 ) Metalegal agreements and treaties must be kept .
( 11 ) To help the other race by one ’s own activities is not a legal but a basic ethical principle .
Unfortunately , these fine metalegal concepts have not found their way into American law .
Fasan ’s metalaws provide an elaborate ethical - legal superstructure upon which practical statutes and juridical decisions may eventually be constructed .
But the rules do not now have the force of law – hence , they are not directly applicable to the early phases of first contact on planet Earth .
What will our government , and our present legal system , do in a first contact situation ?
First Contact Jurisdiction
There are innumerable ways in which first contact may occur .
Relations may take place with the whole extraterrestrial race , or with representative organizations of their race , or with individual members .
Similarly , interaction may occur with all of humanity , a part of humanity , or single persons .
The scenario frequently discussed by exobiologists involving radiotelescope communication would be a case of race meeting race .
Murray Leinster ’s science fiction classic “ First Contact ” is an example of a meeting between two representative organizations – a subgroup within each race .
Contact may also be classified according to the intensity of interaction .
Remote Contact , probably the safest method , would involve interstellar or galactic radio links .
Direct Contact might entail a well - publicized ( authorized ) landing at an Air Force base , with clear prior notice given us by the ETs – or perhaps an arranged rendezvous on the Moon .
The most dangerous and controversial of all , however , is Surprise Contact – a sudden confrontation without warning or advance preparation .
Let us analyze such a case of Surprise Contact : A single extraterrestrial visitor , landed in a relatively conspicuous local ( park , open field , etc. ) in a typical state .
First of all , unless the ET is buzzing houses in his spacecraft , has a grossly nonhuman appearance , or is wreaking destruction far and wide , his presence may actually go unnoticed for quite some time .
But eventually a passing motorist or pedestrian will spot the creature , who perhaps is garbed in a spacesuit or other unconventional attire .
The local police will receive a report of a strange creature roaming the streets .
Since local authorities get mountains of crank calls , they probably wo n’t dispatch a patrol unit until several reports have been received or until the ET inadvertently maims someone .
The police cruiser will arrive at the scene shortly thereafter .
Depending on the alienness of the extraterrestrial , the policemen may suspect a prankster at first ( as has happened many times ! ) , until the creature either reveals its primary physiological differences or displays command of superior technology .
If a large crowd has gathered , the ET may be in trouble .
There are cases on record of crowds mobbing and killing “ admitted space beings ” ( who were really human pranksters , as it turned out ) .
The officers will immediately call in local reinforcements , which should arrive in ten minutes or less .
The county sheriff will also be notified , as well as the State Police or Highway Patrol – these groups will dutifully respond within twenty minutes , but will make no decisions .
The police will also quickly alert the local Civil Defense authorities .
From there the buck passes swiftly up through the county Civil Defense office to the state Civil Defense office , at which point the governor of the state will be apprised of the situation .
He has the authority to declare a state of emergency or invasion and call out the National Guard ( state militia ) for assistance .
The militia maintains local bases equipped with jeeps , tanks , and cannons , should these be required .
The Guard can probably be mobilized and on the scene in less than an hour to assist in the apprehension and detention of the extraterrestrial , and in crowd and riot control .
The governor , in the meantime , will have notified the Federal Department of Defense , and , of course , the President .
The Defense Department will place the Army Area Commander in immediate charge of maintaining order , and the local Air Force and Naval District authorities will probably also enter the picture , but with clearly subordinate roles .
Pending direct Presidential orders , the Army commander remains in temporary control .
The President will undoubtedly notify Congress immediately , calling an emergency session to obtain legislative direction .
But it is important to realize that , on his own , the President already possess sweeping authority should he care to exercise it .
A vigorous , “ expansionist ” Chief Executive would be likely to assume far greater personal control than a more passive , wait - and - see President .
The personality of the person in the White House may therefore be a decisive factor in the early stages of first contact .
The United States is presently in a state of national emergency .
( It has been continuously since the early 1930s ! )
This fact is not generally known or appreciated by the public .
The Presidential proclamations of national emergency issued under Roosevelt ( 1933 ) , Truman ( 1950 ) , and Nixon ( 1970 , 1971 ) were not terminated when the crises that spawned them had passed .
Our country remains under four separate active declarations of emergency .
This means that broad Presidential authority is available to dispose of the ET as the Chief Executive sees fit .
Another declaration of national emergency could also be forthcoming at this point .
But even if the President does assert full , immediate control , considerable confusion will still result .
Federal agencies will jockey for jurisdiction , based on entwining statutes and overlapping authority that would put a Gordian knot to shame .
The CIA and FBI , suspicious of the possibility of a foreign hoax and the dangers to national security caused thereby , may try to intervene at the holding area and assert some influence of their own .
Even more important , they will be trying to protect the ET – a potentially valuable military resource – from foreign agents , saboteurs , kidnappers and assassins .
( The entire American defense establishment will probably be placed on full alert status . )
The Treasury Department , also suspecting a hoax and fearing for the President ’s life , may try to get into the act by sending in Secret Service agents to verify the authenticity of the ET .
Of course , Army Intelligence , Naval Intelligence , Air Force Intelligence , and the Defense Intelligence Agency will all be vying for power as well .
The Public Health Service , under the Department of Health , Education and Welfare ( HEW ) , will want to establish local quarantine and detention authority under 42 U.S.C. § 264 et seq of the Federal Code .
( The Department of Agriculture may try a similar trick under 21 U.S.C. § 101 et seq , if they argue that the extraterrestrial is an animal and not a “ person ” – see discussion below ) .
The Attorney General , under 8 U.S.C. § 1222 , has the legal authority to order immigration officers to “ temporarily detain ” the ET in contemplation of deportation proceedings .
And naturally , the Department of Transportation will be anxiously searching for the space traveler ’s vehicle , as will the military and various intelligence agencies .
A host of civilian organizations will clamor to be heard , probably within hours of first contact .
The SPCA , Humane Society and other animal protection groups will want assurances that the ET is receiving “ adequate housing , ample food and water , reasonable handling , decent sanitation , sufficient ventilation , shelter from extremes of weather and temperature ” and so forth , as required by the Animal Welfare Act ( 7 U.S.C. § 2131 et seq , as amended to include any warm - blooded animal used for “ laboratory purposes ” ) and state animal cruelty laws .
NASA will probably have some complaints to make , along with the national Academy of Sciences , assorted astronomical and zoological societies , and many other scientific groups .
And , sooner or later , the United Nations will get wind of the “ capture . ”
Although the UN has no real authority within domestic borders , vehemently unfavorable world opinion could easily be roused to a fever pitch .
My point is simply this :
Our federal laws provide no clear and unambiguous legal direction .
Without the leadership of a strong President , tremendous confusion and jurisdictional squabbles will erupt almost instantly .
And we have assumed a rather passive , obeisant extraterrestrial .
If he is in any sense more active , there could be fearful and unfortunate complications .
The creature will at last be safely in military custody , under very heavy guard and probably under quarantine .
( I suspect a contingency plan lies dusty in some half - forgotten Pentagon file . )
As for his future legal rights , our visitor must await a final adjudication by Congress .
Animal or Person ?
As suggested earlier , an entity cannot be said to hold legal rights unless some judicial or administrative body is authorized to review the actions of those who threaten to usurp those rights .
Furthermore , most of our laws , codes , statutes and constitutions afford rights only to “ persons . ”
The distinction between animals and persons is therefore of critical importance .
The strict legal definition of “ animal ” is : “ Any living being , not a human , endowed with the power of voluntary motion . ”
The ET is clearly not a member of the species Homo sapiens , and is therefore nonhuman .
He does , however , appear capable of voluntary motion .
Hence , a rebuttable presumption of animalhood will arise : the ET will be considered a legal animal by default .
There are several kinds of animals .
Under Roman law all animals were considered ferae naturae ( wild animals ) – they were regarded as common property having no owner .
As the law developed , and animals began to play more important roles in society , the courts created a second class , domitae naturae ( domesticated animals ) .
These were further subdivided into “ generous ” ( of commercial value to man – cows , sheep , and other herbivores ) and those of “ base nature ” ( animals not useful for work – household dogs , cats , etc. ) .
Domestic animals can be the subject of ownership , and can therefore be estrays ( a kind of wandering property ) .
Estrays may be impounded as public nuisances and destroyed after thirty days if no owner makes a claim .
If the ET visitor is to be regarded as an animal , he will undoubtedly be classified as ferae naturae , no proof of tameness or ownership being evident .
A wild animal running loose on private property may be hunted and killed , and thus reduced to personal possession .
Such an animal on federal lands is subject to the Department of the Interior ’s Fish and Wildlife Commission : on state lands , it is subject to the state ’s department of fish and game .
Either authority may declare a “ special open season on said game , ” or the department itself may destroy the animal causing damage to property .
Even if the extraterrestrial is somehow regarded as being tame , his position is not improved .
The fact that animal cruelty laws exist in virtually all states does not alter the creature ’s basic rightlessness .
Also , most cruelty statutes specifically exclude invertebrate animals .
If our ET resembles a cross between a sea scorpion and a grasshopper , he ’ll be out of luck .
The whole idea of treating the extraterrestrial visitor as an animal may seem outrageous to many at first , but this is the letter , if not the spirit , of the law .
We ’ve seen that human beings have often been denied the elementary status of personhood .
( It should come as no surprise that in the thirteenth century , a law was passed in England proclaiming humans of the Jewish faith to be “ men ferae naturae , protected by a quasi - forest law .
Like the roe and the deer , they form an order apart . ” )
But with a little luck we can chart a course to legal personhood for the ET .
This may best be accomplished by demonstrating the wider implications of humanness .
While some may myopically argue that the essence of humanity is strictly defined by the human genome , the sounder view is that the essence of man is mind – the rationality of a sentient organism .
Attempts to articulate this elusive characteristic have included “ mental ductility , ” “ ability to transmit culture , ” “ ability to fashion tools , ” “ ability to symbol , ” “ predisposition to learn from experience , ” and “ self - awareness . ”
Raw intellect is not enough , however , to qualify one for personhood .
Dolphins and whales , elephants , dogs , pigs , and other animals are able to demonstrate surprisingly high intelligence in certain situations – and the law does n’t consider them legal persons .
Yet infants , drugged people , insane or retarded people , all are considered legal persons , though their mental faculties may be practically nonexistent .
Intelligence is perhaps a necessary , but not sufficient , condition for personhood .
High technology is not good enough either .
Although they have visited us , and so possess superior technology a priori , this does not presuppose the existence of intelligence .
For instance , it is possible that a society of antlike creatures could develop a technology without any single member possessing independent intelligence .
In his book Persons – A Study of Possible Moral Agents in the Universe , Dr. Roland Puccetti , Professor of Philosophy at the University of Singapore , proposes another kind of test for personhood .
The basic assumption – and it is a persuasive one – is that “ moral persons ” should also be considered “ legal persons . ”
The Puccetti Test thus asks the following of the extraterrestrial : Can he take a moral attitude ?
Alternatively , is he capable of making moral judgements ?
If so , if he possesses some system of ethics , Puccetti would class him as a moral and legal person .
( Puccetti allows that intelligent machines could be considered persons using this test – a perfectly acceptable result . )
If the ET visitor can pass the Puccetti Test , and demonstrates his intelligence , Congress would doubtless be justified in granting him legal personhood under our laws .
Extraterrestrial Persons
In ancient and medieval times , as well as in primitive tribal states , the general tendency was to view the foreigner as an outlaw , criminal , or enemy .
The jus gentium ( the equitable law of nations ) of the Romans , and the unity of all humans promoted by Christianity ( “ You shall have but one law for alien and native alike . ” Leviticus xxiv. 22 ) , helped to encourage a greater universality of attitude . ;
However , it was not until modern times that the legal alien acquired significant rights under law .
As far as basic rights for the extraterrestrial visitor are concerned , once he has been declared a legal person he has crossed the most fundamental juridical threshold .
Our Constitution speaks of the rights of “ people ” and “ persons , ” and the 14th Amendment extends this mantle of protection into state jurisdictions as well .
Hence , any person physically present within the borders of our country will be protected by the Bill of Rights – whether citizen , alien , or extraterrestrial .
As far as the specifics of classification are concerned , there are many ways to judicially view the ET .
For example , he may be considered a refugee .
A refugee is a technically stateless person – he is neither citizen ( or national ) nor subject of any foreign government on Earth .
one definition of the refugee is as follows : “ Any person uprooted from his home , who has crossed a frontier – natural or artificial – and looks for protection and sustenance to a government other than his former one . ”
This seems to fit the extraterrestrial rather well .
In many foreign countries , where the United Nations Convention relating to the Status of Stateless Persons is operative , refugees are guaranteed minimal legal rights commensurate with foreign nationals .
In the United States , however , even stateless persons are protected by the Bill of Rights .
Another way the ET may be viewed is as an alien , defined as “ any person owing allegiance to an foreign government . ”
The home planet of the extraterrestrial is certainly “ foreign , ” in a very broad sense , and so the ET may be classified accordingly .
There are several kinds of aliens .
An illegal alien is one who has entered the country illegally , without passing through the normal channels of admission ( i.e. , the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service , under the Department of Justice ) .
Our extraterrestrial has certainly made an illegal entry , and theoretically should be subject to immediate deportation proceedings .
But a decision to “ deport ” the ET would create more problems than it would solve .
Another kind of alien is the alien enemy ( a citizen of some hostile foreign power ) .
If the President proclaims that the landing of the ET is a prelude to or threat of invasion and war , he is authorized under 50 U.S.C. § 21 to order a federal marshal to “ apprehend , restrain , secure and remove ” all alien enemies .
This course of action seems unlikely in the extreme , since the creature is already in Army custody and , in a practical sense , cannot be “ removed ” ( deported – where ? ) .
A way around the immigration problem is to classify the ET as an essential alien .
50 U.S.C. § 403h provides that , with the concurrence of the Director of the CIA , the Attorney General , and the Commissioner of Immigration , any alien deemed “ essential to the furtherance of the national intelligence mission ” or vital to the interests of national security may be admitted for permanent residence ( and ultimately naturalization and citizenship ) without regard to admission procedures .
This would seem quite possible in the case of the extraterrestrial , since a major foreign policy consideration will be the creature ’s advanced technology .
Any nation on Earth in possession of the visitor and his hardware would theoretically gain a significant psychological and military advantage .
The ET might also be classed simply as an alien amy – a friendly alien .
Although this normally requires proper immigration , there are ways around this rule .
Alien crewmen of foreign vessels , and aliens in transit , are exempt because their stay in the country is very temporary .
If the ET is viewed as having entered the country for “ business or pleasure , ” or as a “ bona fide student , scholar , specialist , or leader in a field of specialized knowledge or skill , ” he is again exempt under 8 U.S.C. § 1101 as a visiting alien .
Another distant possibility is the granting of ambassadorial status to the extraterrestrial .
As a full diplomat , the ET would serve as the representative of his own government while on Earth .
( Diplomats have full immunity from prosecution . )
Or the ET may be seen only as a consul , a mere commercial agent for his government , entitling him to fewer immunities .
Normally , however , there must be diplomatic reciprocity before a foreign envoy of any kind is afforded ambassadorial rank .
Since we know nothing of the extraterrestrial government , such unilateral diplomatic relations are highly improbable .
As a last resort ( in my view the wiser course ) , Congress may decide to entirely junk the above anthropocentric pigeonholes .
A new legal classification might be created – the “ extraterrestrial person ” or “ pseudoperson ” – which grants the ET a measure of rights and responsibilities in keeping with the basic principles of Metalaw .
At long last , jus naturale , galactic conscience and universal equity may find a home in American jurisprudence .
References
Haley , Andrew G. “ Space Law and Metalaw – A Synoptic View . ” Rome : Associazione Italiana Razzi , Proceedings of the Seventh International Astronautical Congress , 1956 .
( The landmark work in the field – the first pioneering effort in Metalaw . )
Haley , Andrew G. Space Law and Government .
New York : Appleton - Century - Crofts , 1963 .
( A more detailed exposition of Haley ’s work on the Great Rule . )
Puccetti , Roland .
Persons – A Study of Possible Moral Agents in the Universe .
London : Macmillan and Company , Ltd. , 1968 .
( A study of the ethical and moral meaning of the term “ person . ” )
Stone , Christopher D. Should Trees Have Standing ?
Toward Legal Rights for Natural Objects .
Los Altos , California : William Kaufmann , Inc. , 1974 .
( Suggests that natural objects , and the environment in general , should be treated as having legal rights . )
Last updated 30 December 2008
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Principles of sharia law could play a role in some parts of the legal system , the Lord Chief Justice has said .
Lord Phillips , the most senior judge in England and Wales , said there was no reason sharia law 's principles could not be used in mediation .
However , he said this would still be subject to the " jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts " .
Sharia is a set of principles which govern the way many Muslims believe they should live their life .
The Archbishop of Canterbury prompted controversy when he said use of certain aspects of the law " seems unavoidable " .
English common law already allows us to go to mediation to whichever third party we wish
Inayat Bunglawala
Muslim Council of Britain
Q&A : Sharia law explained
In a speech at the East London Muslim Centre in Whitechapel , Lord Phillips said that sharia suffered from " widespread misunderstanding " .
Lord Phillips said : " There is no reason why sharia principles , or any other religious code , should not be the basis for mediation or other forms of alternative dispute resolution .
" It must be recognised , however , that any sanctions for a failure to comply with the agreed terms of mediation would be drawn from the laws of England and Wales . "
Severe physical punishments such as flogging , stoning and the cutting off of hands would not be acceptable , he said .
He added : " There can be no question of such courts sitting in this country , or such sanctions being applied here .
" So far as the law is concerned , those who live in this country are governed by English and Welsh law and subject to the jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts . "
' Misunderstood '
The Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , had been misunderstood when it was reported in February that he said British Muslims could be governed by sharia law , the judge said .
HAVE YOUR SAY
We must n't allow there to be different laws for different sections of society Tina , Manchester , UK Dr Williams suggested that sharia could play a role in " aspects of marital law , the regulation of financial transactions and authorised structures of mediation and conflict resolution " .
Lord Phillips said : " It was not very radical to advocate embracing sharia law in the context of family disputes , for example , and our system already goes a long way towards accommodating the archbishop 's suggestion .
" It is possible in this country for those who are entering into a contractual agreement to agree that the agreement shall be governed by a law other than English law . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Inayat Bunglawala from the Muslim Council of Britain told BBC
News that sharia law applied only to civil matters .
He said : " I think it 's important to clarify that English common law already allows us to go to mediation to whichever third party we wish .
" So that is why you have sharia council , that is why you have Jewish courts .
It is a truly voluntary arrangement .
" There is no parallel legal system .
This system cannot override English common law system at all . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
YANGON ( Reuters ) - Myanmar ’s military junta believes at least 10,000 people died in a cyclone that ripped through the Irrawaddy delta , triggering a massive international aid response for the pariah state in southeast Asia .
“ The basic message was that they believe the provisional death toll was about 10,000 with 3,000 missing , ” a Yangon - based diplomat told Reuters in Bangkok , summarising a briefing from Foreign Minister Nyan Win .
“ It ’s a very serious toll . ”
The scale of the disaster from Saturday ’s devastating cyclone drew a rare acceptance of outside help from the diplomatically isolated generals , who spurned such approaches in the aftermath of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami .
The secretive military , which has ruled the former Burma for 46 years , has moved even further into the shadows in the last six months due to the widespread outrage at its bloody crackdown on protests led by Buddhist monks in September .
The official toll on state media stands at 3,394 dead and 2,879 missing , although those figures only cover two of the five declared disaster zones , where U.N. officials say hundreds of thousands are without shelter or drinking water .
The casualty count has been rising quickly as authorities reach hard - hit islands and villages in the Irrawaddy delta , the former “ rice bowl of Asia ” which bore the brunt of Cyclone Nargis ’s 190 km ( 120 miles ) per hour winds .
After getting a “ careful green light ” from the government , the United Nations said it was pulling out all the stops to send in emergency aid such as food , clean water , blankets and plastic sheeting .
“ The U.N. will begin preparing assistance now to be delivered and transported to Myanmar as quickly as possible , ” World Food Programme ( WFP ) spokesman Paul Risley said .
FOREIGN AID
The United States , which has imposed sanctions on the junta , said it had provided $ 250,000 ( 125,000 pounds ) in immediate assistance and a disaster response team was on standby .
“ At this moment as I understand it the Burmese government has not given them permission to go into the country , ” State Department spokesman Tom Casey told reporters .
Two Indian naval ships loaded with food , tents , blankets , clothing and medicines would sail for Yangon soon , Indian ’s Ministry of External Affairs said .
The U.N. office in Yangon said there was an urgent need for plastic sheeting , water purification tablets , cooking equipment , mosquito nets , health kits and food .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
It said the situation outside Yangon was “ critical , with shelter and safe water being the principal immediate needs . ”
The junta leaders , bunkered in their remote new capital of Naypyidaw , 400 km ( 240 miles ) north of Yangon , said they would go ahead with a May 10 referendum on a new army - drafted constitution that critics say will entrench the military .
The last major storm to ravage Asia was Cyclone Sidr which killed 3,300 people in Bangladesh last November .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
PRICES SOAR
In the former capital Yangon , food and fuel prices soared and aid agencies scrambled to deliver emergency supplies and assess the damage in the five declared disaster zones , home to 24 million people .
Clean water was scarce .
Most shops had sold out of candles and batteries and there was no word when power would be restored .
Long queues formed at the few open petrol ( gas ) stations .
The price of a gallon of petrol has doubled on the black market , while egg prices have tripled since Saturday .
“ How many people are affected ?
We know that it ’s in the six figures , ” Richard Horsey , of the U.N. disaster response office , told Reuters after an emergency aid meeting in Bangkok on Monday before the state TV announcement .
“ We know that it ’s several hundred thousand needing shelter and clean drinking water , but how many hundred thousand we just do n’t know . ”
In Yangon , many roofs were ripped off even sturdy buildings , suggesting damage would be severe in the shanty towns that lie on the outskirts of the city of 5 million people .
At the city ’s notorious Insein prison , soldiers and police killed 36 prisoners to quell a riot that started when inmates were herded into a large hall and started a fire to try to keep warm , a Thailand - based human rights group said .
State television showed military and police units on rescue and cleanup operations in Yangon , but residents complained the junta ’s response was weak .
“ Where are the soldiers and police ?
They were very quick and aggressive when there were protests in the streets last year , ” a retired government worker told Reuters .
( Additional reporting by Ed Cropley )
Site of the day - PickyDomains.com , world 's first risk free naming agency
City officials are apparently willing to dig deep to defend the police department 's ban on beards .
The Houston City Council on Wednesday unanimously authorized spending up to $ 150,000 to defend the city in a lawsuit challenging the no-facial hair policy .
" The lawsuit is pending and we have to defend ourselves , " Councilman Ron Green said .
" But we 're basically saying we want new police officers , but we do n't want police officers with beards . "
Four police officers filed a federal civil rights lawsuit in November claiming the policy is discriminatory .
The officers say the prohibition on beards and goatees is unfair for men who suffer a skin condition that reacts negatively to shaving .
The condition can cause severe irritation , rashes and ingrown hair .
The police department instituted the policy in 1993 so uniformed officers would look conservative and professional , according to a city memo .
Officers said the policy unfairly effects their earning potential , both within the department and at secondary jobs .
" If I work an extra job in a dangerous area , I look like a security guard , " Sgt. Shelby Stewart .
Wacky Records - Woman Spends 3 Days In Walmart
Stupid Shit People ACTUALLY
Put On Their Resumes
Toronto's Smallest House Is Back On Sale
Dumb But Profitable .
10 Million Dollar Ideas That Should n't Have Worked
10 Things You Did Not Know You Could Buy On Amazon .
Com
A group of German investigators headed by Birgitta Metternich is reporting a new method of improving memory disturbances .
Patients with memory complaints , but without objective cognitive impairment , suffer considerably in their daily lives , as they experience frequent lapses of memory and attention leading to embarrassment , anxiety , reported occupational shortcomings and often the fear of dementia .
Memory lapses could initially be caused by psychological stress .
If the memory lapses are noticed , they can lead to anger and fear .
Ultimately , this leads to heightened stress levels , which in turn increase the risk of memory lapses .
This vicious circle capturing the sufferers is best characterized by models of somatoform disorders .
The term functional memory disorder ( FMD ) has been suggested for this patient group .
In this study , the Authors evaluated the effectiveness of a new group therapy program to alleviate the cardinal symptoms of FMD by increasing patients ’ memory - related self - efficacy ( MSE ) .
The 13 - week intervention aimed at reducing stress levels and everyday memory lapses , as well as reducing memory - related anxiety .
In groups of 10 patients the Authors used cognitive restructuring and taught various stress reduction techniques .
Forty patients with FMD were randomly assigned to either the experimental ( EG ) or a wait - list control group ( WLC ) .
Thirty - one patients completed the baseline , post - intervention ( 3 months ) and follow - up ( 6 months ) assessments on the Metamemory in Adulthood Questionnaire ( MIA ) , the Perceived Stress Questionnaire ( PSQ ) and the SCL - 90 - R. ANCOVAs comparing MSE change scores from baseline to postintervention ( 3 months ) and from baseline to follow - up ( 6 months ) showed a significantly larger improvement for the EG at follow - up ( Cohen ’s d = 0.9 ) , whereas the difference in change scores did not yet become significant at 3 months ( although there was a descriptive difference in favor of the EG ; d = 0.2 ) .
Paired t tests showed that at 6 months there was a significant improvement in memory self - efficacy within the EG , but not in the WLC .
On the SCL - 90 - R and the PSQ , there were no significant differences in change scores between the groups at any point in time .
All analyses were repeated applying the intention - to - treat principle .
The overall pattern of results remained stable .
This pilot study showed preliminary results of improving MSE in FMD patients through a new group therapy program .
However , future studies with larger groups , comparisons between different treatments and a broader range of measures are required .
By Paul Reynolds
World affairs correspondent , BBC News website
The possible timing of any Israeli attack on Iran remains uncertain
The warning by the senior US military commander Adm Mike Mullen that an attack on Iran would be " extremely stressful " for US forces must lessen the chances of the US taking part in any strike against Iran .
But the admiral , who is chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and who has just visited Israel , spoke of Israel 's vulnerability to " very real threats " .
So the possibility remains that Israel might undertake an operation against Iran by itself .
Recent large - scale Israeli air force exercises have strengthened this possibility , according to military observers .
Nor does Adm Mullen 's intervention resolve the ambiguity of the Bush administration 's position that " all options " are on the table .
But his views do indicate that the body of US military opinion is that they have their hands full in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Administration at odds Adm Mullen 's opinion echoes what the then head of Central Command , Adm William Fallon , said last November , that an attack on Iran was not " in the offing " .
Iran is not , openly at least , making highly enriched uranium suitable for a weapon , only low - enriched uranium useable as nuclear power fuel
Adm Fallon resigned in March amid reports that he was at odds with the administration over Iran .
Increasingly , the military option seems to be narrowing to an Israeli option .
While Adm Mullen did not diverge from the Bush administration 's line that the military option remains for the US and also said that in his view Iran was working to develop nuclear weapons , he stressed that " the solution still lies in using ... diplomatic , financial and international pressure " .
Military opposition to an attack on Iran is bound to weigh heavily on President George W Bush but would not necessarily be the determining factor .
Whether President Bush would dissuade Israel from launching its own attack is not known .
Iran has warned that any attack would bring consequences , one of which could be an Iranian move to close the Straits of Hormuz , through which oil is transported from the Gulf .
The effect on oil prices would be serious .
An Israeli cabinet minister and former chief of staff , Shaul Mofaz , has said that an attack on Iran is " unavoidable " if it " continues with its nuclear programme " .
However , the timing of any attack remains uncertain .
Red lines
A recent ABC News report suggested that Israel might act before two " red lines " are reached .
The first would be the production by Iran of enough highly - enriched uranium to make a nuclear bomb and the second would be its acquisition of a new Russian anti-aircraft system , the S -300 .
However , Iran is not , openly at least , making highly enriched uranium suitable for a weapon , only low - enriched uranium useable as nuclear power fuel .
( Update 4 July : the evidence for this comes from the 26 May 2008 report from the IAEA , released on 5 June .
This states that " the results of the environmental samples ... indicate that the [ enrichment ] plants have been operated as declared .
The samples show low - enriched uranium ... particles . " )
( Further update 28 August : it has been pointed out that some people are sceptical of the claim by Iran that it is enriching only to low values .
For example , the US National Intelligence Estimate stated : " We assess with moderate confidence that Iran probably would use covert facilities rather than its declared nuclear sites for the production of highly enriched uranium for a weapon . "
And the former head of Israeli Military Intelligence Maj - Gen Aharon Ze'evi -Farkash told the Jerusalem Post that , recognising that the international community had discovered their covert programme ( in 2002 ) , the Iranians set about hiding its traces , but then resumed their activities . )
The International Atomic Energy Agency would probably spot any move to high enrichment at the inspected plants .
But even given the lack of certainty over a secret programme , it is unclear exactly how and when this " red line " might be reached is unclear .
As for the S - 300 , it was only in December that Iran indicated that it would buy this very advanced anti-aircraft system .
It has only recently taken possession of the Tor - MI and it could be many months before the S - 300 is delivered .
Iran says that it has no intention of developing nuclear weapons and a US National Intelligence Estimate has concluded that it probably gave up a nuclear weapons programme in 2003 .
Paul.Reynolds-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The F22 Raptor fighter jet took to the skies at the Farnborough air show .
The US Air Force stealth aircraft is made by Lockheed Martin , and is arguably the world 's most sophisticated fighter jet .
The fifth - generation fighter twists , turns and rips through the sky , at points seemingly floating through the air like a snowflake , thanks to turbofans that include thrust vectoring .
It can evade and battle ground defence systems , is kitted out for surveillance and intelligence work , and has hidden weapons bays .
Street View includes photos of many US cities Google 's plans to launch a mapping tool in the UK could be referred to the Information Commissioner .
Street View matches photos of locations to maps , including passers - by who were captured as the photograph was taken .
Privacy International , a UK rights group , believes the technology breaks data protection laws .
" In our view they need a person 's consent if they make use of a person 's face for commercial ends , " said Simon Davis of the group .
Street View has already been launched in the US and includes photos of streets in major American cities .
Photographing of areas in the UK , including London , is believed to have started this week .
Some individuals in the US have complained about their images being used and Google has said it removed their presence on request .
The company has said it had begun to trial face blurring technology , using an algorithm that detects human faces in photographs .
Photos of real world locations are tied to maps But Privacy International says it has doubts about the technology .
It has written to the search giant and asked for technical information about the system .
If the group does not get the answer it seeks within seven days , Mr Davies said it would write to the Information Commissioner seeking a suspension of the service in the UK .
" We 've spoken to Google in the past about this and received a snide response telling us to look more closely at their blogs .
" We 've been told by engineers at Google that the technology is not ready to be deployed . "
In the US it is legal to take photos of people on public streets .
But Mr Davies believes that because Street View is being used for commercial ends anyone in the UK who appears in the photo needs to grant his or her consent .
FROM THE DOT .
LIFE BLOG
Google has taken a lot of flak recently over its privacy policies
Darren Waters , BBC technology editor
Read Darren 's thoughts in full Google has said it complies with all local laws .
In a letter to Jane Horvath , senior privacy counsel at Google , Mr Davies said that Google 's track record on deploying technology designed to protect privacy was patchy .
He said : " I recall the promise made by Google to the FTC [ Federal Trade Commission ] during the Doubleclick acquisition that " crumbling cookies " would be developed .
" We have seen no evidence that this technology has been deployed .
In response to concerns expressed at the time of our 2007 internet privacy rankings , Google also promised a " privacy dashboard " to help consumers understand the functionality of their user settings .
This technology has not appeared . "
Privacy International has also asked Google about " the steps , if any , that you have taken to consult the public over the use of their images for what is , in effect , a commercial purpose " .
Mr Davies added : " Google likes to think of itself as a global player .
In reality it is acting like an irresponsible adolescent .
" It 's time for the company to take responsibility for its actions and to do the right thing . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Utahn involved in probe that uncovered abuses by detention guards
July 13 , 2008
American investigators probing allegations of torture at an Iraqi - run juvenile prison in Baghdad found clear evidence earlier this year that Sunni children had been murdered by their Shiite captors , according to a lead officer on the investigative team .
" The security detail came in literally as they were cleaning the blood from the floor - they had just killed two Sunni kids , " said Lt. Col.
Craig J. Simper , a Judge Advocate General Corps officer from the Utah - based 419th Fighter Wing , who helped arrange the inspection .
" The explanation was that these guys were trying to escape , but our investigation concluded that they were actually scheduled for release . "
As part of an ongoing effort to transfer control of traditional government functions , the U.S. military is seeking to put more prisons and prisoners under regional leadership .
But Iraq security experts say that , in some cases , the result of decentralization has been inadequate funding , training and oversight over detention operations in several Iraqi ministries , including the Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs , which has responsibility for Iraq 's juvenile detention facilities .
And that can create an environment ripe for abuse .
That 's what Simper , a Brigham City resident , says the U.S. Department of Justice 's Law and Order Task Force found during its unannounced inspection of the Tobchi Juvenile Detention
Facility shortly after Easter .
The next month , the U.S. halted the transfer of 130 juvenile detainees to the facility .
Under the social affairs ministry , juvenile detention centers are supposed to offer academic and vocational training , but Simper described " a prison in the very worst sense . . . it was worse than the adult prisons . "
" We found lots of evidence of torture , of physical and sexual abuse , just deplorable conditions , " he said .
" The rats were the size of Chihuahuas and the juveniles were being housed 50 to a cell . "
Simper said the boys being held in the prison were as young as 6 years old .
The two boys who were killed were in their midteens , he said .
But speaking on background , a senior official of the task force still in Bagdad gave a different account .
The official said that there were " unsubstantiated allegations that two Sunni juveniles were executed on the street outside the facility after they were released " and that the task force " found no records of the incident and no documentary evidence . "
Further , the official said other allegations of torture and abuse were from Iraqi Army or Police units prior to the placement of the juveniles in the facility .
" Over the past six months , there have been significant improvements to the conditions , " at the facility , the official said .
* * *
' Torture dungeons '
U. N. inspectors have reported on problems with overcrowding and hygiene at the west Baghdad detention center in the past , but officials who run the facility have always been given notice of upcoming inspections .
And although rumors of abuse and torture abound , there have been few , if any , confirmed cases .
Although officially a government facility , the Tobchi center was almost wholly run by members of the Mahdi Army , a militia under the command of influential Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr , Simper said .
Simper , whose tour of duty ended in May , said the American investigation has been turned over to Iraqi officials , but it is unclear what actions have been taken in response .
The task force 's conclusions are not the first findings of gross human rights abuses within Iraq 's central government .
U.S. forces staged several high - profile raids on adult detention centers run by Iraq 's Ministry of the Interior in 2005 and 2006 , uncovering several " torture dungeons " where , in some cases , prisoners - most often Sunni men accused of insurgent activity - had been mutilated with chains , knives and power drills .
There have been fewer public disclosures of such " liberations " of abused detainees in the wake of the Sunni - Shiite civil war , which reached a violent apex in 2007 .
* * *
Overwhelmed system
But Kevin Lanigan , a former Army officer who served as an adviser to the Ministry of the Interior in 2006 and 2007 and now directs the U.S. Law and Security Program at the New York City nonprofit Human Rights First , said he cannot say whether that is the result of improvements in the way those working for the ministry - which by law is n't allowed to detain anyone for more than 72 hours - treat their prisoners .
" Nobody has good oversight or supervision , " Lanigan said , noting that in many cases local militias have taken control of government operations .
" There 's just not a lot that 's transparent about it . "
Lanigan said Iraq 's criminal detainees are supposed to be held in facilities run by Iraq 's Ministry of Justice , though in practice the responsibility for prisoners is spread out over several other ministries , including the Shiite - dominated Interior Ministry , which does not get funding , training or oversight for that task .
Already , Lanigan said , the prisoners being held by the Iraqi government are straining resources .
Transferring tens of thousands of additional detainees , currently under U.S. control , would create " lots of problems , " he said .
" There are already , at the very least , serious problems of confinement and neglect , " Lanigan said .
" If you overwhelm a guard force . . . a very predictable outcome is going to be mistreatment of detainees . "
As of the end of 2007 , Tobchi was operating at twice its normal capacity of 200 detainees , according to the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq .
- mlaplante@sltrib.com
Older adults with low blood levels of vitamin D and high blood levels of a hormone secreted by the parathyroid glands may have a higher risk of depression , according to a report in the May issue of Archives of General Psychiatry .
About 13 percent of older individuals have symptoms of depression , and other researchers have speculated that vitamin D may be linked to depression and other psychiatric illnesses , according to background information in the article .
“ Underlying causes of vitamin D deficiency such as less sun exposure as a result of decreased outdoor activity , different housing or clothing habits and decreased vitamin intake may be secondary to depression , but depression may also be the consequence of poor vitamin D status , ” the authors write .
“ Moreover , poor vitamin D status causes an increase in serum parathyroid hormone levels . ”
Overactive parathyroid glands are frequently accompanied by symptoms of depression that disappear after treatment of the condition .
Witte J. G. Hoogendijk , M.D. , Ph.D. , and colleagues at VU University Medical Center , Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam , the Netherlands , measured blood levels of vitamin D and parathyroid hormone and assessed symptoms of depression among 1,282 community residents age 65 to 95 .
Of those individuals , 26 had a diagnosis of major depressive disorder , 169 had minor depression and 1,087 were not depressed .
The average blood vitamin D level was 21 nanograms per milliliter and the average parathyroid hormone level was 3.6 picograms per milliliter .
Blood vitamin D levels were 14 percent lower in individuals with major and minor depression ( average , 19 nanograms per milliliter ) compared with non-depressed participants ( average , 22 nanograms per milliliter ) .
In addition , parathyroid hormone thyroid levels were an average of 5 percent higher in those with minor depression ( average , 3.72 picograms per milliliter ) and 33 percent higher in those with major depressive disorder ( average , 4.69 picograms per milliliter ) than in those who were not depressed ( average , 3.53 picograms per milliliter ) .
The findings may be important to patients because both low blood vitamin D levels and high parathyroid hormone levels can be treated with higher dietary intake of vitamin D or calcium and increased sunlight exposure .
“ Moreover , the clinical relevance of the present study is underscored by our finding that 38.8 percent of men and 56.9 percent of women in our community - based cohort had an insufficient vitamin D status , ” they conclude .
Additional studies are needed to determine whether changes in levels of vitamin D and parathyroid hormone precede depression or follow it .
Source : JAMA and Archives Journals
READER COMMENTS ON
" Problems ( and Confusion ) at L.A. County Polls Today "
( 24 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... bruce said on 2/5/2008 @ 8:06 pm PT ...
If that was the case in San Diego , then my Democratic ballot cast from a ' decline to state ' voter wo n't be read .
NO instructions regarding such a bubble was given me by the poll worker .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/5/2008 @ 8:19 pm PT ...
Hello Banana Republic .
Oooops , I mean Amurka .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Emily Levy said on 2/5/2008 @ 8:47 pm PT ...
Bruce ,
As far as I 've heard , this is a Los Angeles County problem .
If anyone knows of other counties where DTS voters have to fill in the butterfly bubble , do tell !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Jody said on 2/5/2008 @ 9:23 pm PT ...
When I voted today in Los Angeles , CA , the optical scanning machine was broken .
So , the paper punchcards were put into a green plastic box under a table , which was secured by a paper clip .
The poll worker sat next to the box which was on the floor , hidden from sight .
I took pictures of it .
I have heard from the Voter Fraud division , they have had so many complaints throughout the day that they will be working all night from throughout the state .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/5/2008 @ 9:26 pm PT ...
We spell better up here in No CA , Brad .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in FL - 13 said on 2/5/2008 @ 9:28 pm PT ...
Not to worry , Brad .
Looks like California is n't going to be close enough to mount any long , drawn out , expensive , possibly eye - opening litigation - - 55 - 41 right now .
Very upsetting day .
Every state looks like New Hampshire to me , now .
Feels like we 're always 10 steps behind their antics , the HILLARY / McCAIN fix is in , VOTER ID cards doing the dirty work in GA , independent voters shafted in CA , Karl Rove just announced as pundit for FOX ...
Last week in FL .
our bastard S.O.S. hands down muddled missive that bars our amazing computer technicians / election experts from observing the count ( our wonderful hero SUSAN PYNCHON of " Hacking Democracy " BARRED from VOLUSIA COUNTY tabulation room / the incredible ELLEN BRODSKY obstructed from observing wonky BROWARD CO .
count ... )
http://www.heraldtribune.../20080202/NEWS/802020405
In N.H. , we learned something NEW and nauseating that we did n't know according to a very reliable source -- THE AP PAYS TOWN CLERKS TO REPORT ELECTION TOTALS ?!! ... Brad , could this be true ?
How much ?
And to which clerks ?... this smacked me upside the gut with a sickly , familiar ' a - ha ' ...
That would explain a LOT , would n't it ?
A buddy of mine just returned from RUSSIA / brought me some real , Russian Vodka ... packs a punch .
It arrived just in time for Super Tuesday .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Tom said on 2/5/2008 @ 9:35 pm PT ...
I have been voting in my neighborhood precinct for several years now .
I was given a a scan tron card , though I did not see a scanner around .
There were two touch screen machines for people who wanted to use them , perhaps handicapped voters ?
I was told to put my card in a black plastic box , which had an slit to put the cards through .
The box sat on the floor in full view of the 4 poll workers .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Tom said on 2/5/2008 @ 9:37 pm PT ...
Forgot , I am in Lathrop , Calif
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/5/2008 @ 9:37 pm PT ...
It just amazes me how I can come home after working as a precinct officer all day long in a northern California county , and just one hour after the polls close , and before any ballots have even arrived at the area drop - off points for counting , and California is already being called for Clinton .
What gives ?!
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... bruce said on 2/5/2008 @ 9:45 pm PT ...
Also consider this :
" .
Tue Feb 5 , 2008 10:49 pm EST
http://www.reuters.com/a...mp;feedName=politicsNews
By John Whitesides , Political Correspondent WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama surged to a big lead over Hillary Clinton in California hours before " Super Tuesday " voting began in 24 states , according to a Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby poll released on Tuesday .
In the Republican race , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney held a 7 - point advantage on Arizona Sen .
John McCain in California , while McCain added to commanding double - digit leads in New York and New Jersey .
On a sprawling day of coast - to - coast voting , the biggest ever in a U.S. primary race , the U.S. presidential contenders in both parties were fighting to win a huge cache of delegates to this summer 's nominating conventions .
In California , which alone provides more than one - fifth of the Democratic delegates needed for the nomination , Obama led Clinton by 49 percent to 36 percent , the poll found .
The margin of error was 3.3 percentage points . "
The time of the article posting is 10 minutes before the polls closed and even when the margin of error is added to Clinton and subtracted from Obama ( yes , I know ) that 's a 7 % difference .
Again a ' polling problem ' ?
OR ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/5/2008 @ 9:53 pm PT ...
Oh , and just for the record , once again , at both of the precincts that are at the polling place I work at , not a single voter , not even one , voted on either of the two ( one for each precinct , per federal elections law requirements ) disabled access electronic voting machines available , despite roughly 600 voters casting their votes at this polling place today .
And not a single voter even inquired into using them , despite their high visibility .
And despite the fact that about half a dozen visibly disabled voters came in and voted today .
Furthermore ... both machines were problematic , requiring approximately an additional 15 minutes per machine spent by the precinct officers getting them set up according to specifications , over and beyond the extra time spent just setting them up sans problems , as well as about one hour per machine spent by the regional elections officer troubleshooting for them .
What a complete waste of taxpayer money and local elections energy .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in FL - 13 said on 2/5/2008 @ 10:09 pm PT ...
LINDA !~YES !!!
I was just sitting here tearing my hair out wondering the SAME THING !
HOW CAN THEY CALL IT in CA with only 14 % of precinct reporting ?!
So glad you posted that / thought I was going bonky .
Jjjjjeeeeeezus .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... gr8 fuldaniel said on 2/5/2008 @ 11:09 pm PT ...
I live in North Sacramento .
When I voted The scantron had " malfunctioned " so all ballots were collected by the voters slipping their ballots into a slot in the back of the box .
A teenage kid was monitoring the box showing where to place it in the slot .
One bin was stacked on top of the other and he could see who I voted for ( the homeowner was also lurking nearby ... could see who I voted for )
The kid had his hand on the box and could have had a button to move a flap or wire that would divert a sheet of paper from sliding straight down the back of the box into an opening down to the bottom bin .
They could turn in only cases that carried a certain candidates name .
A very simple cheat .
I stood there for a while watching them watch the ballots go into the slot .
I wanted to go back and inspect those boxes .
I am disappointed also at what seems like a Diebold type switch in the results for Proposition 91 that the Election Guide said :
" Arguments ;
Pro : Prop 91 is NO LONGER NEEDED .
Please VOTE NO .
Voters passed prop 1A in 2006 accomplishing what prop 91 set out to do "
Prop 91 PASSED today .
So , I wonder if ALL votes werent switched ...
I have little faith in the election system .
I love Debra Bowen and I wish I could just hand her my ballot !
Our corrupted system still has operatives from the dark side .
Our SoS inherited one lousey ordeal ... it wont be undone overnight .
I too am disappointed in the early call for Clinton !!
And what about those 13.4 % in Sacramento ,
http://vote.sos.ca.gov/Returns/pres/dem/34.htm
.... who voted for Edwards ( who dropped out 2 weeks ago ) ?
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 2/5/2008 @ 11:26 pm PT ...
When I examined my mail - in ballot carefully , I noticed that it had been scored by some sort of blade in a letter folding machine , to make the thick ballot fold better .
Of course this is a terrible idea for a ballot .
Part of the score actually went through the big thick ballot .
If it was to be fed into an optical scanner , who knows if it would rip or not .
I applied just a little pressure to the fold , and it started splitting .
The thin paper flyer that was in the envelope with the ballot was actually much stronger , because it had not been compromised by a cut across its ' face .
Of course this defeats the whole purpose of a big thick ballot .
I 'm not suggesting anything nefarious , but I think it would be bad to have the same folding machine used in the actual election .
BTW it was a democratic ballot , although I am registered non-affiliated .
I ended up not voting , because I wanted to keep the ballot .
I live in San Diego , so I suppose I can thank Debra Seiler for making her job much easier in folding the ballots , and thusly making my ballot , and who knows how many other ballots easily ripped and spoiled .
I do not think previous ballots were scored in the same fashion to make them fold better ( flatter )
Would you be interested in me mailing you the ballot , Brad ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 2/5/2008 @ 11:39 pm PT ...
BTW just checked for the bubble on my democratic ballot ( I'm DTS independant ) no bubble here in San Diego
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/6/2008 @ 4:55 am PT ...
Gr8fuldaniel # 13 McCain victoryI predicted / expected the even after Goober had won in Iowa .
Why ?
Because I think the election system is controlled by the military industrial oil complex and he is their man and she is their woman .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/6/2008 @ 4:58 am PT ...
Corrected version of post # 16 Gr8 fuldaniel # 13 I predicted / expected the McCain victory even after Goober had won in Iowa .
Why ?
Because I think the election system is controlled by the military industrial oil complex and he is their man and she is their woman .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/6/2008 @ 7:15 am PT ...
gr8tfuldaniel # 13 , because California has record numbers of mail - in ballots all across the state , and many of them were mailed in before Edwards dropped out .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... gr8 fuldaniel said on 2/6/2008 @ 7:48 am PT ...
Dredd ,
I agree .
Our next president was " tapped " in a smokey room or at Bilderberg or in a Northern California forest ... months or years ago .
The election is only a charade to placate the masses .
Hillary was dubbed queen by the Mil. / Ind. / Oil Complex and they put their money where their mouth is .
She accepted more money from Big Oil than anyone ( including republicons ! )
Its a done deal .
Big
Oil will retain control of " our " White House ....
( Until the world gets fed up with our raping and pillaging of innocents abroad . )
She is bought and paid for .
Hilarrys ' NWO / Neo-con connections ?
NAFTA / CAFTA ... her Iraq
War promotion was never retracted and she continued funding ....
Legalized Loan Sharking ....
Bankruptcy Bill .... Big Pharma donations will write Health care policy ....
( Kucinich is RIGHT about taking profit out of the healthcare industry ) ( but the biggest " tell " is the Big Oil endorsement )
The media made Hillary our presidential frontrunner before we had a say in it .
Why are private corporations trusted with my vote ?
I like this guy :
( see Comment # 3 on this page :
http://www.whytuesday.org/answer )
Fred Smart Says :
November 3rd , 2007 at 1:14 pm
We The People need to return to voting and counting using paper ballots in the sunshine - ie .
where the ballots never EVER leave the sight We The People .
96-98 % of our votes are counted in darkness today using computers and electronic machines that - experts have proven - can be programmed and hacked to achieve a desired result .
I believe We The People should vote on Saturday !
In the sunshine !
Bring ALL the family and kids and make it into a National celebration of civic activism , transparancy , accountabilty and responsibility !!
Music , dance , bands , songs , picnics , parades , convocations , crusades , fireworks , the works !!
We The People need to EXIT these Wizard of Oz - like Castles and DEMAND that we all meet in the sunshine where there ’s lots of music , song , laughter , food , families , children , etc. Peace and God Bless , Fred Smart
The Freedom Fellowship source
How many people , NATIONALLY , voted absentee for Edwards 2 weeks ago ?
Before he dropped out ?
Several million ?
They are all disenfranchised !!
Exactly ZERO delegates will now vote for edwards ...
... But Hey ;
Who 's counting ?
Edwards was a thorn in the side ... he was HUMILIATING Hillary ... of the chosen ones .
Obama won San Francisco by 54.4 %
... and Sacramento
Barack Obama ....( Dem ) 71,271 votes 48.0 %
Hillary Clinton ( Dem ) 68,675 votes 46.3 % Obama won the majority of the Coastline
( Translation : Most densly POPULATED areas )
See Map I wish I had taken a snapshot of the results early this morning ... when Edwards had won 13.4 % of sacramentos votes .
His final tally is now only 6,487 4.4 % suspiciously close to the state final of 166,872 4.3 %
I think he had MORE than 6,487 votes earlier ... who deleted VOTES ??????
~~~~~~~~~~~
Delegate Scorecard :
Democratic
( Needed to win : 2,025 )
Delegates
Clinton 872
Obama 793
We are not yet half way through .
But is it too late to fix a broken system ?
I know this is politically in - correct ....
I hope it doesnt seem biased though .
I like to shine a light on all corruption ... whatever stripe .
So be it .
It is what it is .
Thanks For ALL you do BRAD !!!
Let me know if you need eyes and ears in Sacramento ....
I am a full time student , but I can always find time for Democracy .
Peace ,
Dan G .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... gr8 fuldaniel said on 2/6/2008 @ 8:50 am PT ...
Hi Linda , ( 1st of all THANK
You for you service to our country as a poll worker .
Love you !!)
( about comment # 18 )
I am aware of that ....
and its sad , because thats a National problem as well as local / state , but the total number of Edwards votes was rolled back .... he had more than 6487 votes late last nite or early this morning ( when he recorded 14.4 % ) .
Do you think only 6487 Sacramentans ( ?) voted for Edwards as soon as they got their absentee ballots ?
Out of the 256,726 who voted ( 95 % returns as of right now )
At 10 PM 14 % had reported ( as the )
BTW ;
Statewide Returns
15,712,264 Registered
6,983,935
Voted I think that many people voted for him because they didnt like Obama or Hillary but wanted to make some small statement .
I realize this is speculative , but as Jeannie Dean said above COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in FL - 13 said on 2/5/2008 @ 10:09 pm PT ... LINDA !~YES !!!
I was just sitting here tearing my hair out wondering the SAME THING !
HOW CAN THEY CALL IT in CA with only 14 % of precinct reporting ?!
So glad you posted that / thought I was going bonky .
Jjjjjeeeeeezus .
One hour later I noted the 14 % voted for Edwards ...
so , maybe 20 % of sac 's appx 256,726 ( =51,345 ) had reported and 14 % ( 7701.75 ) of those were for Edwards .
How many people think California voted for :
" 1000 years in Iraq " McCain
and
Warmonger Hillary ??
I smell rotten fish !
( apologies if my math isnt perfect ...
I have move on from this discussion for a while ... no time to double check math )
Exactly WHEN they counted the absentee ballots could influence the votes for Edwards .
maybe the SoS could make that pertinent FACT visable ... as ALL elections should be TRANSPARENT !!!
Peace ,
Dan G
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... gr8 fuldaniel said on 2/6/2008 @ 8:56 am PT ...
Oooops ,
I am sorry for hijacking this thread ....
The topic seems to be for LAs problem alone ...
Maybe we need a seperate thread for the whole state ??
Sorry Brad ...
I was anxious to post last night
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... gr8 fuldaniel said on 2/6/2008 @ 9:02 am PT ...
They should count absentee ballots seperately .... and votes for non-viable candidates cast before said candidate dropped out ... should be allowed to vote anew .
Or , are they non-viable citizens ?
If they cant vote ... maybe they should not have to pay taxes ??....
No taxation w/o representation !!!
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/6/2008 @ 11:54 am PT ...
Re : " They should count absentee ballots seperately .... and votes for non-viable candidates cast before said candidate dropped out ... should be allowed to vote anew . "
Too many ways elections could be gamed through this process .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Tom said on 2/6/2008 @ 9:25 pm PT ...
The desperate worry over the health of huge financial institutions with country cousin names 
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac  reflects a reality that has reshaped major spheres of American life : the government has in recent months taken on an increasingly dominant role in assuring that Americans can buy a home or attend college .
Much of the private money that once surged into the mortgage industry has fled in a panicked horde , leaving most of the responsibility for financing American homes to the government - sponsored Fannie and Freddie .
Two years ago , when commercial banks were still jostling for fatter slices of the housing market , the share of outstanding mortgages Fannie and Freddie owned and guaranteed dipped below 40 percent , according to an analysis of Federal Reserve data by Moody ’s Economy.com .
By the first three months of this year , Fannie and Freddie were buying more than two - thirds of all new residential mortgages .
A similar trend is playing out in the realm of student loans .
As commercial banks concluded that the business of lending to college students was no longer quite so profitable , the Bush administration promised in May to buy their federally guaranteed student loans , giving the banks capital to continue lending .
Introduction
Why Object Oriented Programming ?
Extensions and Design Patterns
abstract Create abstract classes that cannot be instantiated without extending .
Create abstract classes that cannot be instantiated without extending .
extend
Use inheritance , make child classes extend base classes .
Use inheritance , make child classes extend base classes .
getset Generate getters and setters for private members of your class .
Generate getters and setters for private members of your class .
implement Create Interfaces that define methods that need to be defined , in order to implement them .
Create Interfaces that define methods that need to be defined , in order to implement them .
members
Add members to the instances of your class .
It 's a shortcut for SomeClass. members ( ... ) .
Add members to the instances of your class .
It 's a shortcut for SomeClass. members ( ... ) .
module
Save your class into a Module .
If required , all the namespace is created before saving the class .
Save your class into a Module .
If required , all the namespace is created before saving the class .
properties Generate properties to control the access to private members of your class .
Generate properties to control the access to private members of your class .
singleton Create Singleton classes that can only be instantiated once .
Create Singleton classes that can only be instantiated once .
statics
Add static methods or data to your class .
It 's a shortcut for SomeClass.statics ( ... ) .
How to use ?
Links
jsClass is an extensible Javascript Base Class that enables you to do clean Object Oriented Programming ( OOP ) with Javascript .OOP is one of the multiple approaches you can take to structure your code .
It does n't fit any situation , it 's proven to be an outstanding approach to handle large / complex applications .
It will help you keep your code clear , extensible , decoupled and maintainable .
For further information on OOP , just check some of the links on this article .
jsClass accepts extensions , that is , custom modifications that you can attach to classes .
Some are tightly related to Design Patterns
These are general reusable solutions to commonly occurring problems .
Each extension is very well documented on the code , specifying the different ways yo use them .
Also , check the demo to see each in action .
This is the list of built - in extensions :
The best way is to see it in action .
Check the demo ( link below ) to see different uses of jsClass and its extensions .
What Ms. Sherry did n’t realize until much later was that Mr. Clough had a number of other ideas about her apartment that he did n’t share with her .
It began when Mr. Klinsky threw in his two cents , a vague request that a poem he had written for and about his family be lodged in a wall somewhere , Ms. Sherry said , “ put in a bottle and hidden away as if it were a time capsule . ”
( Ms. Sherry said that her husband is both dogged and romantic , a guy singularly focused on the welfare of children , not just his own .
Mr. Klinsky runs Victory Schools , a charter school company that seeds schools in neighborhoods around the country , as well as an after - school program in East New York that his own children help out with regularly . )
Image PUZZLER Eric Clough , the designer , turned the high - end renovation into a Rube Goldberg - like contraption .
Credit ...
Tony Cenicola / The New York Times
That got Mr. Clough , who is the sort of person who has a brainstorm on a daily basis , thinking about children and inspiration and how the latter strikes the former .
“ I ’d just read something about Einstein being inspired by a compass he ’d been given as a child , ” he said .
The Einstein story set Mr. Clough off , and he began to ponder ways to spark a child ’s mind .
“ I was thinking that maybe there could be a game or a scavenger hunt embedded in the apartment  that was the beginning , ” he said .
Before long , his firm , 212box , was knee - deep in code and cipher books , furnituremakers were devising secret compartments , and Mr. Clough ’s former colleague , Heather Bensko , an architectural and graphic designer who had been his best friend at the Yale School of Architecture , found herself researching the lives of 40 historical figures , starting with Francis I of France and ending with Mrs. Post .
Ms. Bensko said she began writing chapters for a book , imagining scenes from the childhoods of those inspirational figures and trying to connect them .
When that did n’t pan out as a narrative technique , she invented two best friends living in New York City who discover a mystery in an apartment and , in the course of unraveling the mystery , a sort of treasure hunt , they “ meet ” the historical figures .
All of that was tied into gizmos Mr. Clough , Ms. Bensko and others in their office hid in the apartment  without telling the clients  in a way that is almost too complicated to explain .
The renovation took a year and a half , and Mr. Clough , who acted as construction manager , brought it in for $ 300 a square foot , a rather conservative figure given the neighborhood and the scope of the project .
Designing and producing the apartment ’s hidden features , however , including its book and music , took four years , said Mr. Clough , who absorbed much of the cost in terms of his own billable hours , and relied on the generosity of more than 40 friends and artisans who became captivated by the project .
He said he “ begged , borrowed and stole ” from them “ in the collaborative process . ”
“ People were definitely not paid , ” he said , “ and we extend our thanks .
It absorbed the minds of many people . ”
Chalain
Page 1 of 2 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] >>
From : howardtayler Date : May 19th , 2008 04:38 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
If she really said that then she 's been married to you for too long .
( But not necessarily long enough ... )
Reply ) ( Thread
From : pinano Date : May 19th , 2008 05:37 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) chalain
It would be worse if she said " is not in the sudoers file .
This incident will be reported . "
Reply ) ( Thread
From : shameaus Date : May 19th , 2008 08:52 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
You have no idea how many people asked me what " psuedo - make me a sandwich " meant and why it was funny when i hung this comic up at work .
Reply ) ( Thread
From : queencallipygos Date : May 19th , 2008 09:12 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) metaquotes ... I 'm in from , and I 'd be one of them ( I did n't get the xkcd comic either ) .
Sorry ...?
Can someone help me out ?
Expand ) Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread
From : ( Anonymous ) Date : May 19th , 2008 10:21 pm ( UTC ) Come on .. ( Link )
This is definitely too geeky to be considered cool , even in 2008 .
I want to vomit having ever seen this web site and knowing that people like you exist .
Thanks for ruining my day .
Reply ) ( Thread
From : ( Anonymous ) Date : May 19th , 2008 11:13 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
This is nowhere near funny ...
Reply ) ( Thread
From : ( Anonymous ) Date : May 19th , 2008 11:17 pm ( UTC )
Suprised no one pointed this out ( Link )
The correct output would be more like :
make me a sandwich
make : *** No rule to make target `me ' .
Stop. Reply ) ( Thread
From : chalain Date : May 20th , 2008 12:02 am ( UTC ) Re : Suprised no one pointed this out ( Link ) Incorrect .
If you are not on the wheel , you get an error from sudo .
The make command would never be run .
Expand ) Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread
From : ( Anonymous ) Date : May 19th , 2008 11:27 pm ( UTC ) Master Bunny ( Link )
By the way , just wanted to let you know that this joke is from xkcd .
http://xkcd.com/149/
Reply ) ( Thread
From : chalain Date : May 20th , 2008 12:00 am ( UTC ) Re : Master Bunny ( Link )
I gave xkcd link love in the original post , but did n't cite it explicitly .
Now that this LJ entry is getting a lot more publicity than I ever expected it to , I 've added explicit attribution to the quote .
Thanks !
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread
From : ( Anonymous ) Date : May 20th , 2008 12:53 am ( UTC ) Sweet ( Link ) Seriously , the fact that she understood that at all is awesome .
Reply ) ( Thread
From : jhonen_red Date : May 20th , 2008 02:23 am ( UTC ) Re : Come on .. ( Link )
jhonen_red
fuzzbean
jhonen_red
Not as cool as yours , but I did have the following exchange a while back : : I think I 'm going to make some pseudo - tea . :
Oh , okay , I 'll do it . : Wait , what ?
Reply ) ( Thread
From : stibbons Date : May 20th , 2008 04:08 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) Bonus points if she was able to quote the error from rote .
Reply ) ( Thread
From : motive_nuance Date : May 20th , 2008 04:38 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
This gave me a good chuckle .
Thanks !
Reply ) ( Thread
Your editor has had enough .
First , a recap :
On the green path to Woodland Chic , we ’ve seen faux bois .
And regular old bois .
Unless you ’re an oblivious sort of fauna you know that 2008 has been having a field day with all things sylvan .
At EcoSalon , we ’ve covered this nature - inspired trend ’s eco offerings ( and its urban vertical garden variant ) extensively , from beds to floors to coasters and more .
The blogosphere of style has been collecting other great ideas , too .
And I do mean collect .
Call it bohemian , call it the bright collective , call it not - so - shabby chic – vintage updates and collections in candy splashes of color are everywhere – from walls to tables to teapots .
But perhaps inevitably , the twain have met between the twigs , evident in the form of Bohemian Bambi – the custom papered stags of the Wilderness Project by mixed - media artist Jennifer Khoshbin .
Points for a creative mashup to artist Khoshbin , but I am starting to notice some trends that are simply taking things too far .
Or rather , making me writhe in editorial anguish .
Normally I am calm , cool , and collected , but I ’m also a Virgo ( Mike is cringing at my astrological reference right now ; ignore ) and sometimes we volcanic Virgos have simply .
had .
enough .
5 Trends That Make Me Want to Subscribe to Dentition Monthly :
Give me your lighting , give me your mobiles , give me your stunning fabrics , and eco-paper my walls – but please , no more of these trends .
1. Tiny !
Did you see ?
It ’s a regular old thing , only now it ’s tiny !
Oh my gosh , it ’s…tiny .
And therefore chic and adorable and obviously essential .
Tiny elephant , tiny furniture , tiny tiny tiny .
I loved this …when I was 9 .
I ’m not aware of any woman who truly wants tiny , are you ?
This is a trend that will expire faster than my raw macadamia butter , so do n’t fall for it ( but do try the butter , it ’s delicious and low in carbs ) .
2 . The afore - mentioned boho .
I ’ve disliked this word since my college roommate reinvented her wardrobe a la those calorically - challenged Olsen twins .
" Boho " is one of those words that , like a homely pre-med , is best termed unfortunate .
Now , I love the eclectic look , and bright colors are both addictive and fabulous .
But there is such a thing as forced – which is the worst possible thing you can do with your " look " – and in my opinion it ’s this .
When you have a magazine that feels satisfied naming itself Boho ( oh yes , friends , it exists ) , be assured that the trend has jumped the ikat - upholstered shark .
3 . The twig whose sanity has snapped .
Twig - inspired jewelry is one thing .
An actual twig ring , however ?
This is ironic , and not in a good way .
4. Felting gone scary .
Flokati is luscious .
Felted wool is both cozy and chic .
Until it gets to be too much and you feel like you ’ve entered a 14 - year - old boy ’s Cheetos - infused lair of video games and mouldering gym socks .
Do we really want to be reminded of not being allowed to date seniors again ?
5 . The ubiquitous fleur - de - lis .
To the compost with this decorative symbol !
It was fine on my sofa pillows of yesteryear , but I do n’t need to choke myself with it , as well .
Is this seriously still around , and clutching at women ’s throats , no less ?
I thought we realized this flower wilted back in 2006 .
It is most definitely not Next .
Remember , a little goes a long way and you need n’t jump on every trendwagon .
There was a time when we all thought this was a must - sport style .
What do you think , dear readers ?
Am I being too fussy ?
What trends are you peel - the - paint sick of ?
Image : Noel Zia Lee
Comments : 3 - Date : July 15th , 2008 - Categories : Programming
There has been plenty of interest in MISC , that warrant some quick comments .
– The source code is now available here : MISC source ( about 3000 lines of Java code and 350 of MISC ) .
Hopefully you ’ll find it useful .
It might also be interesting / confusing to look at the bootstrap file .
– The mathematical operators now accept multiple operands like [+ 2 3 4 5 ]
– Yes I like square brackets ( Smalltalk , ObjC ) it saves the shift key
– Quoting is required in lamda / let because there are no special forms in MISC .
This means that it is possible to write lambda , let and if etc. without macros and also to have the results of an expression provide the arguments for these functions , eg. [ let [ union ' [ a: 3 ] ' [ b :4 ] ] ' [+ a b ] ] which is not possible to write in this fashion in Lisp , because in Lisp let is a special form and does not evaluate it ’s first argument .
– Creating new things and exploring ideas are always important , which is what MISC achieves for me .
On his outstanding Prodigal Son CD , North Carolina folk and blugrass legend Mike Cross presents us with a high - stepping little ditty called “ Bill is in His Grave . ”
Bill , it turns out , was a scoundrel of the first order , and he ’d been recently deceased .
The narrator is asked to say a few words at the funeral , a task that proves daunting for a man who ’d rather not speak ill of the dead .
He finally manages this :
If Heaven is pleased when sinners cease to sin
If the Devil is pleased when another soul comes in
If the Earth is glad to be rid of a knave
Then everybody ’s happy ’ cause Bill is in his grave .
This chorus sprang immediately to mind when I heard this past Friday that another scoundrel , former Senator Jesse Helms – a Tar Heel like both Mike Cross and myself – had departed the world that he worked so hard to corrupt .
I hope Cross , who ’s truly one of America ’sÂ epic musical treasures , wo n’t mind my invocation of his song on this occasion .
LikeÂ his narrator , I was raised to either speak well of people or say nothing at all , and that edict goes double when the subject is freshly dead .
On the other hand , I was also taught to live my life in accordance with particular moral principles and to honor the truth above all other things .
Perhaps you have , by now , sensed a certain tension in my writing – this is why .
So let me speak plainly and be judged by the fairness of my eulogy , such as it is .
I will not gravedance , but I will note that in recent days a lot of raging morons have had all kinds of praise for the late Sen .
Helms , that bastion of conservative principles , that stalwart defender of tradition , that foundational champion of the Republican ascendancy , and so on .
Hell no , I ’m not linking to any of it – if you have a taste for horseshit go get your own shovel .
There are some facts about the Senator ’s life and career , though , and we should not allow the protocols of death or the shameless pandering of Helms ’ equally corrupt fellow travelers distract us from them .
Take this bit , for instance :
As an aide to the 1950 Senate campaign of North Carolina Republican candidate Willis Smith , Helms reportedly helped create attack ads against Smith ’s opponent , including one which read : “ White people , wake up before it is too late .
Do you want Negroes working beside you , your wife and your daughters , in your mills and factories ?
Frank Graham favors mingling of the races . ”
Another ad featured photographs
Helms himself had doctored to illustrate the allegation that Graham ’s wife had danced with a black man .
( The News and Observer , 8/26/01 ; The New Republic , 6/19 / 95 ; The Observer , 5/5/96 ; Hard Right : The Rise of Jesse Helms , by Ernest B. Furgurson , Norton , 1986 )
How about this one :
“ The Negro can not count forever on the kind of restraint that ’s thus far left him free to clog the streets , disrupt traffic , and interfere with other men ’s rights . ”
( WRAL - TV commentary , 1963 ) He also wrote , “ Crime rates and irresponsibility among Negroes are a fact of life which must be faced . ” ( New York Times , 2/8/81 )
Rick Perlstein has more , and so does Pam Spaulding .
Jesse never repented , by the way .
One of his most famous moments , of course , occurred during his re-election campaign against one such uppity Negro , Harvey Gantt .
Much has been made of George Bush the Elder ’s infamous Willie Horton / revolving prison door ad in the 1988 campaign , but it paled in comparison to Jesse ’s “ hands ” spot .
Jesse Helms was an ignorant , bile - spewing hatemonger who left a greasy film on everything he touched .
Yes Virginia , there are evil people in the world .
There are those who make society a worse place simply by living in it , and when they manage to acquire power they can inflict damage on a scale so great that it may take generations to clean up .
As wonderful as it is that Jesse Helms will no longer be wreaking havoc on our culture , the sad fact is that there ’s little time or cause to celebrate because his legacy lives on .
He taught others that prejudice and hate are acceptable motivations for governance and his anti-intellectual progeny are ever manufacturing new and more appalling tools for the oppression of the innocent .
Fine – let ’s all take a moment to toast the death of an evil human being – truly the world is a better place without Jesse Helms .
But make it quick because we have to get back to work .
Jesse ’s mess is n’t going to clean itself up .
Every Sunday morning millions of Americans awake in a pool of their own sick asking the same question .
Not , “ Why do I do this to myself ? ” but , “ Why is science wasting all that time on cancer when they have n’t cured the hangover yet ? ”
Well I ’ll tell you why , who ’s going to volunteer to be a research subject ?
Would you be lining up to feel like garbage so a guy in a lab coat could poke and prod you ?
Probably not .
So we have to look for alternatives .
The way I see it , we ’ve got 3 options :
Home remedies which all work to some degree 7 - Eleven rip - offs like Chaser which work almost as well as the home remedies but cost 10 times as much
The classic “ Hair of the dog , ” which works great as long as you can drink forever from this morning forward .
So what do we choose ?
Anything that ’s going to manage a hangover has to address the three different things that cause a hangover :
Dehydration :
This is the biggest factor .
For every 30 ml of alcohol you drink you lose 200 ml of water .
Dehydration can cause headaches and sickness even without alcohol .
Vitamin Burnout : Alcohol is , at its heart , a poison .
Your body does a lot of work to remove that poison ( that you just paid $ 6 to ingest ) from your system .
That work , mainly done by your liver , uses a lot of vitamins like vitamin B and Potassium that are n’t available to you later .
This can cause queasiness , tiredness and muscle cramps .
Toxins : Additives , preservatives and chemicals , from a night out drinking , build up in your blood and cause sluggishness and vomitosity – never pleasant .
But what we eat and drink before , during and after a night out can have significant impact on how we feel the next day .
All we need to do is plan for it when our head is still clear .
Before Drunkfest
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of “ dear God I think I ’m going to die ” .
Before you go out , load up on foods that are rich in the vitamins you ’ll lose :
Bananas
Wheat Germ
Whole Grain cereals
Anything Soy
A plate of spaghetti or a bowl of ramen before you go out is a good choice ; carb - heavy foods will help slow the absorption of alcohol .
Water , drink lots of water .
Why start out dehydrated and then go drink something what will increase the dehydration ?
During Drunkfest
Tonight ’s party is still time we need to be thinking about tomorrow ’s vomit .
A few smart choices now will limit the consequences .
Pig out at the end of the night .
All that booze that ’s in your stomach is still going to get into your blood , help slow it down with a big plate of anything .
Clear alcohol , like vodka and gin , tend to have less toxic gunk in it then drinks like whiskey .
Beer can be a better choice because it has a higher alcohol to water ratio .
Again , drink water , lots of water .
Try alternating each real drink with a glass of water throughout the night .
You may end up going to the bathroom a few more times but it beats a morning of vomiting and a pounding head .
After Drunkfest
I know that between the headache and the puking and the urge to beat yourself to death against your own porcelain bowl the last thing on your mind is “ What do I eat now ? ” , but eating the right thing at this stage can mean the difference between hell and purgatory .
Pop ( soda to you philistines ) can be very useful the next day .
The carbonation helps settle your stomach and the caffeine is a nice burst of energy .
Greasy food is a hangover staple for a reason .
It absorbs a lot of the acidity and fills you up .
Tabasco sauce or anything hot is great during a hangover and no one really knows why .
I suspect that a good sweat helps get rid of some of those toxins .
Did I already mention water ?
All in all , anything that slows the alcohol absorption , replaces vitamins the alcohol uses , or purges the toxins alcohol brings , will help reduce your hangover .
But most importantly do everything you can to avoid dehydration .
Even if it means you have to drink water .
Lots of water .
OR – and here is a novel idea – Drinking moderately lessens the likelihood of having to go through alcohol detox symptoms later on .
- Garrett
Written on 6/10/2008 by Garrett
Whelan who writes about cooking for men or anyone trying to kick the fast food habit at FatBastardEats.com
The venerable actor has asked me to post this :
Dear Colleagues ,
A small minority of actors are internationally known , iconic figures , whom audiences flock to see in films and on television .
Producers know these actors as the best means to insure return on their investments and reward them appropriately for that security .
In addition to talent , these actors have had that extra measure of good fortune , and have been propelled to the very top of our profession .
It is to these actors that this letter is addressed , because your good fortune may have insulated you from issues currently afflicting the majority of actors who support you as the ‘ friends ’ , ‘ lovers ’ , ‘ cops ’ , ‘ lawyers ’ , ‘ judges ’ , ‘ villains ’ , and ‘ side - kicks in films , and who are also hard - working , talented and skilled professionals .
Since 1990 the earnings of the top leading actors have increased exponentially while the salaries of nearly all other actors have been systematically driven down .
In many cases , the earnings of established character actors have been rolled back by 60 - 70 percent .
This occurs , in large part , because the working professional ( as opposed to the star ) is at a disadvantage when negotiating in the new corporatized production environment .
We do not possess a unique , marketable ( and often media exploited ) brand , and consequently lack the power to make or break the existence or profitability of a film .
Consequently , respected , veteran actors with numerous credits and hard - earned “ quotes ” now routinely receive “ take - it - or - leave it ” offers , often at “ scale ” — a beginners wage .
Our actor ’s Guild has two weapons to employ in protecting its members : the threat or fact of strike , and the power of its “ star ” members .
The power to strike is the union ’s ultimate weapon , but it is a crude and draconian one and wounds everyone in our industry .
Consequently , like nuclear weapons , it is rarely used .
The industry is currently facing its second strike this year because the majority of its membership is suffering and feel they have no other recourse .
If you possess only one weapon , it ’s the one you use .
Given the radical depression in earnings there ’s little wonder that a strike is on the table again .
There is a simple way leading actors might bring a second , more flexible and targeted weapon into the fray on behalf of your colleagues which incidentally , would provide the ancillary benefit of insuring that you consistently play opposite actors of the highest caliber .
If you were to include language in your contracts specifying that , in your films , the “ quotes ” of your peers must be recognized as a negotiating floor for their compensation , if you publicized that fact , and , if you kicked back a modest amount , say on salaries over six million dollars a film to make that money available , each and every actor negotiating to play opposite you would be empowered to demand the fair compensation that he or she has won for their work .
Why should you be asked to kick back , you might well ask ?
( and even wonder at the nerve of the suggestion ? )
There are a few reasons that make sense to me .
1 ) You are the engines of the industry , and consequently immune to pressure and intimidation .
2 ) You are the wealthiest sub-community of the actors , and , possessing the awareness and sensibilities of artists , understand the mutuality of our work in a way that producers never will .
3 ) Such a gesture would buttress your peers who cannot win such gains for themselves except by sabotaging the entire industry with a strike , which prevents much work in which you have points from getting made .
Also , let ’s relate to the non-celluloid world for a moment .
Once an actor reaches the six or ten million dollar mark for several months work , they are financially secure for life unless they are morons or have extremely bad habits .
By the time they ’re earning 15 - 20 million , some measurable percentage of those earnings is meaningless .
A major star on a film we were doing together , once told me , ( We were discussing this issue ) “ Hey there ’s no difference between 17 and 18 million to me !
My agent tells me so - and - so gets it and so should I . ”
That “ no difference money ” is the difference between earning a living or not for most of the rest of us .
A modest return to insure the health of the entire community ( the principle behind income taxes ) hardly seems excessive .
While this would not solve all the problems of our community , it would certainly remove much of the desperation and rancor from negotiations and make earning a living once again possible for far more of the membership .
It can not be legislated by law , only by custom , but as a custom it would lend a definite grace to our industry , and perhaps set a model that might inspire others .
( Why do the words “ Corporate executives ” leap to mind ? )
You cannot grow roses without mulch .
While stars represent the beautiful blooms of the industry , the soil of the industry , the medium of growth supplied by all those who surround you , is being starved for nourishment .
Eventually , this lack of payback to the medium supporting all the growth will kill , if not the plant itself , at least its quality and vitality .
Our industry is not secure while the majority of its players are not .
To change the situation requires consciousness , solidarity , and power .
We have the consciousness and solidarity .
We appeal to you for help with the power .
Sincerely ,
Peter Coyote
Making the oilpencil font from scratch in 24 hours
Starting Friday , 2007 - 01 - 05 , I spent about 24 hours making a TrueType font from a handwriting sample from a previous night — my first experience making a TrueType font .
Much to my surprise , the result was good enough to use at smallish sizes .
So I thought I 'd write about the experience , in case other people wanted to try something similar ; related pages include Tom 7 's fontmaking page and Ben Sittler 's announcement of some fonts of his own .
2008 update : pandaba recommends the MyFirstFont.com tutorial , which looks pretty awesome , although it involves proprietary software .
I finished up on Saturday morning , and you can download the resulting font at the oilpencil font page .
Apparently this same service — turning your handwriting into a TrueType font — is available for US$ 9 from a fully - automated web site called Fontifier , by a company called " Human - Computer Interface " , apparently by a person named David Johnson - Davies .
Overview
For the most part , I created the glyphs by the following process ( illustrated here with capital R ) :
drew the font originally with an 0.3 mm mechanical pencil in a page of a paper notebook photographed the whole page with a 5 M pix digital camera thresholded the results with the GIMP used the GIMP 's " oilify " filter to clean up the result a bit converted it to vector outlines with potrace ( svg ) cleaned up the results with Inkscape ( svg , eps ) imported the results into Fontforge
This was a bad way to do things , because it took me a lot longer to turn the page into good character outlines than it would have taken to draw them from scratch in Inkscape or even Fontforge , which is what I did for some of the later characters .
However , the pencil is much faster for experimenting with shapes and weights and so forth than Inkscape , at least for me with my tiny low - quality optical mouse .
Tools
Alvin " DRAFT / MATIC No. DM03 " 0.3 mm mechanical pencil .
I like this pencil a lot , but I think that 's mostly because it's an 0.3 mm mechanical pencil .
You used to be able to get 0.3 mm pencils and lead at office - supply stores that sold drafting supplies , but I had to go to an art store to find it .
It cost US $ 12 , plus another $ 8 for the lead .
With it I can handwrite legible text in my paper notebook at 5 - 7 lines per inch , 3 - 4 words per horizontal inch , which is somewhere around twice the information density of " standard " textual computer printouts ( 66 lines of 80 columns per A4 - size page ) .
Sadly , though , a nice pencil is not enough to compensate for my lack of artistic expertise .
Konica Minolta DiMAGE X50 5 - megapixel digital camera .
This belongs to Beatrice .
It 's a lot more portable than a flatbed scanner , and I used it to photograph the page at about 470 dpi .
Unfortunately , we do n't have RAW - processing software for it , so we lose a bit of its potential resolution for monochrome applications like this .
This model of camera currently ( 2007-01 - 07 ) costs about US $ 110 on eBay .
( Auctions to check after they close for pricing : 1 2 3 4 5 6 )
The GIMP , version 2.2.8 .
Current is 2.2.13 .
An image editing program similar to Adobe Photoshop .
potrace , version 1.5 .
Current is 1.7 .
Turns pixel graphics into outlines .
Inkscape , version 0.40 .
Current is 0.44.1 .
A vector graphics editor , similar to Adobe Illustrator , that uses SVG as its native file format .
I find editing shapes in Inkscape noticeably easier than editing them in Fontforge .
Fontforge , version 20041218 .
Current is 20061220 .
An outline font editor similar to Fontographer .
I have n't used any other font editors in the past , but man , Fontforge is awesome !
It looks like the other programs that do similar things are Fontographer , Fontlab , Metafont , Ikarus / FontMaster , and TypeTool , more or less in order of popularity .
An optical mouse .
My laptop has a " nipple mouse " rather than a real mouse , and it 's very difficult to control .
I 've finally gotten used to it , but it 's very slow , especially for freehand - drawing kinds of things .
A tiny no - brand USB optical mouse helps a lot here .
Comments on the steps
Here 's some of the stuff I learned doing things this way .
I spent most of my time interfacing one thing to another , not drawing letters .
This was partly because I was learning things , partly because some things were buggy , partly because I could n't figure out how to script them .
Mostly , I think it was because I did n't know there was a better way .
Drawing
I find drawing with a pencil a lot easier than drawing on a computer , even with the optical mouse .
But eventually , I found drawing in Inkscape easier than going through the whole paper path .
Still , drawing in Inkscape went better with some sketches on paper first .
Digitizing
I photographed the page at about 450 - 500 dpi , and a typical source letter was 80x80 pixels , with typical letter features being 5 or 10 pixels across .
This ought to be enough resolution for the task , and actually I should have been able to get away with considerably less ; however , Tom 7 recommends 300xN pixels per scanned letter , and that probably would have worked better .
In fact , though , the image quality gave me problems from beginning to end — but not because of resolution .
A reduced - size version of the image , with one pixel for every 5x5 pixels in the original image , is shown below .
For one thing , the picture was slightly blurry , possibly out of focus , although I did n't notice this until too late .
The biggest problems were lighting variation and noise .
I probably should have used sunlight or intense off - camera light , but I did n't .
And the camera was fairly close to the page , so the difference in distance - to - flash between different parts of the page was fairly substantial , and the whole page was toward the top of the camera 's dynamic range .
The whites in the middle of the page were 254 ( on a scale of 0 to 255 ) , while whites toward the edge of the page were only around 180 .
The difference between " white " and " pencil lead " was only around 30 counts at best , and in many places was only 5 or 10 counts .
So the spurious variation in brightness across the page was 2 - 25 times larger than the variation representing the pencil marks .
The flash illumination also caused some trouble by causing specular reflections off the pencil lead in places , putting bright white in the middle of some of the letters .
There were also ( at least ) two sources of noise — camera sensor noise and the surface texture of the paper , which resulted in brightness variations under the oblique point - source lighting conditions of the on-camera flash .
I do n't know how to separate the two , but different parts of the page had the following ranges of apparently random local variation : 177-187 , 189-197 , 199-208 , 218-225 , 229-232 , 233-238 , 244-247 , 253-254 .
In general , light helps with noise and blurring , by turning down the gain on the sensor , using a smaller aperture , and using a shorter exposure time .
Shorter exposure times reduce blurring because things do n't have as much time to move or vibrate ; smaller apertures reduce blurring because they increase the depth of field , reducing the necessity of correct focus ; and lower gain ( expressed in terms of ISO ) reduces noise originating at the sensor .
According to the EXIF information , my original photo used ISO equivalent of 160 , exposure time of 5.6 ms , and an aperture of f / 6.7 ; a new photo of the page that I took today with the same camera , without the flash , of the same page , in cloud - attenuated sunlight used ISO equivalent of 50 , exposure time of 2.0 ms , and an aperture of f / 2.8 .
( I 'm assuming these numbers are correct . ) f/2.8 ( which means the aperture diameter is the focal length , f , divided by 2.8 ) represents a larger aperture than f/6.7 , with a diameter 2.4 times as great , and thus with 5.7 times the area — but with a PSF ( point spread function ) dilated by 2.4 times larger .
The other two changes represent about a 9 x increase in the amount of incident light required to reach a given pixel value ; the larger aperture cuts it down to about 1.6 x .
So when I retook this photo in diffuse sunlight instead of with the flash , the lighting field was much flatter , any sensor noise was reduced by more than a factor of 3 , movement of the book or my hand probably would have caused less than half as much blur ( I 'm assuming that the exposure time was n't significantly longer than the on time of the strobe ) , and any being out of focus would have caused more than twice as much blur .
The upshot is that in this version of the photo , the lighter parts of the page vary from the darker ones only by about 40 counts , the random noise on the white paper is much less , and nearly all the pencil marks are darker than nearly all of the paper .
Compare the original flash shot with the sunlit version :
Thresholding
Thresholding is the process of taking a picture with lots of colors in it ( shades of gray , in this case ) and turning it into a picture with just black pixels , representing ink , and white pixels , representing paper — no gray pixels .
This is where things started to get hard .
In this version of the reduced - size image , pixels with a brightness between 230 and 240 have been turned white .
There 's a big white band running around the page in areas where the paper was mostly between 230 and 240 , although it 's dotted with specks where there was random local variation outside that range .
Even with this severe reduction in size , many specks remain , showing how strong the random noise is .
Some of the pencil marks in this area are only 15 counts darker than the white paper in their area , although others are as much as 30 counts darker .
So it takes some work to find a threshold , even for a single letter , that includes the pencil marks of that letter , but not any of the white paper in the vicinity .
Perhaps more important for the quality of the final product , notice how the black pencil shapes in the white band vary in thickness .
They were all drawn with the same pencil lead , and they 're all pretty much the same thickness in reality --- about 0.3 mm , although there are parts of some letters that are thinner .
The aspect ratio of the crossbar of the capital A is about 6:1 .
But in this thresholded picture , it looks like it 's about 2.5:1 .
Consistently , the letter parts toward the outside ( dimmer ) part of the white band appear wider , and the ones toward the inside ( brighter ) parts appear brighter .
Why ?
Apparently , because they were blurry in the original photo .
If they had been clear in the original photo , there would be a one - pixel - wide line of partly - penciled - in pixels separating a pool of pure pencil pixels from a pool of pure paper pixels .
But instead there 's a gradual slope from one to the other .
If you run an edge - detection algorithm like Sobel 's on a blurry image like that , it does n't detect hard edges anywhere , but it detects soft but very wide " edges " occupying the entire volume of the letter , with perhaps a single - pixel - wide line of non-edge in the middle .
So if you threshold some part of this image with a fixed threshold , not only will you get noise , but also , the width of the lines will depend on what the threshold is .
So some letters will look much " heavier " than others .
This effect is noticeable in the resulting font , since I have n't taken the time to finish cleaning up the mess .
So , in the GIMP , I decided to flatten out the lighting field as well as I could before thresholding .
I duplicated the layer ( Layer -> Duplicate ) , did a Gaussian blur ( Filters -> Blur -> Gaussian Blur ... ) with a fairly large radius , like 128 - 256 pixels .
The idea was to make a layer with the " paper color " of the area near each pixel , approximately representing the lighting field .
Then , to find the difference between each " paper color pixel " and the actual image pixel , I opened the Layers dialog ( Dialogs -> Layers ) and set the opacity of the new layer to 50 % and the " Mode " to " Subtract " .
This resulted in a much " flatter " image , with a more even paper brightness over the entire image , which made it possible to set more sensible thresholds .
It 's not perfectly flat — paper that 's close to lots of pencil markings , or close to the edge of the paper , gets a brightness boost — but it 's a big improvement .
Unfortunately , it also lost one bit of precision from the original pixel values , which is important when some of the pencil pixels only differ from the paper around them by 5 or 10 counts .
( I think it may have lost more , but I can't prove it . )
And it has some funky behavior with the edge of the image — maybe it 's treating it as black ?
I 'm not sure .
Here you can see the results ; while without flattening , no single threshold was even close to adequate for even two successive lines of text , after flattening , results are much more consistent .
But another problem remains .
Because of the combination of thick , blurry letter - edges , and random noise that 's almost as bright as the pencil " signal " , any threshold picks up all kinds of random shapes attached to the edges of letters , even if it avoids picking out speckles all over the paper .
At first , I was so stupid that I set my thresholds with the " Curves " dialog box , by drawing a curve that was 0 until it hit the threshold , then jumped right up to 1 .
This was painful and time - consuming , partly because there 's some kind of built - in limit on how fast the curve can rise , so sometimes I had to go through multiple iterations .
After about 20 minutes of this , I noticed that Tools -> Color Tools also had a " Threshold ... " option .
That made thresholding a lot easier !
Be less stupid than me .
I 'm still too stupid to find the GIMP option that does the same thing as ' pgmnorm ' , though &mdash turning the brightest color into white , the darkest color into black , and linearly stretching everything in between .
I can manually do it with the " Levels " dialog box .
In general , this strategy of thresholding each pixel by its difference from other pixels nearby instead of by its raw value is called " adaptive thresholding " , and I probably should have used some existing adaptive - thresholding code ; but I thought doing it by hand would be faster in this case .
Around this time , I started working with small parts of the image instead of the whole thing .
It was n't just that setting a single threshold for the whole image was impossible ( even after flattening ) ; it was also that the GIMP was using lots of memory and all the operations were kind of slow , and once I started importing paths into Inkscape ( see below ) , it got way slower .
I also learned that the " Threshold ... " dialog can apply to just the current selection ; this allowed me to set slightly different thresholds for each letter , which helped a fair bit with the later letters .
Oilifying
As mentioned previously , due to the blurry letter edges , lots of noise sticks to the sides of letters .
I have n't found a way to get potrace ( see below ) to ignore chunks of noise smaller than a certain size when they 're stuck on the sides of bigger shapes like this .
It has a " - t " option ( short for " turdsize " ) for ignoring stray pixels off by themselves , but setting that to 10 or so did n't have any visible effect on letter outlines .
xv ( wow , I sure do miss xv , but I stopped using shareware a while back ) had a filter called " oilpaint " , which replaced each pixel with the most common pixel in its neighborhood .
It occurred to me that something similar , used on the output of thresholding , would clean up some of that poop stuck to the sides of letters .
It turns out that the GIMP does have something called " Oilify " ( Filters -> Artistic -> Oilify ) , and while what it does is not documented , it seems to do more or less the right thing .
Converting to Vector Paths
I used stand - alone potrace to vectorize the paths .
I used this tiny Makefile to invoke it :
%.pnm : %.png pngtopnm < $< > $ @ %.svg : %.pnm potrace -- svg < $< > $@
There 's not much more to say about potrace , except that this was a dumb idea and I should have used one of the integrated potrace interfaces in Inkscape and Fontforge ( see Better Ways to Do It ) .
Cleaning Up the Paths
Most of the time that I spent on this project was time I spent shuttling data from one program to the next .
Most of the rest was time I spent cleaning up paths .
Basically , once you load an SVG file into Inkscape , you can edit the " paths " in it .
Each letter is outlined by " paths " — one that goes around the outside , and maybe more that make holes in the middle .
Each path is made of " nodes " connected by curves and lines .
The " F2 " key lets you click on a letter and see all the nodes .
Pretty much anything in Inkscape can be undone with Ctrl - Z and redone with Ctrl - Y .
I use Ctrl - Z several times a minute on average in Inkscape .
If you potrace several letters at once , initially all the paths will be combined into one single path object .
There 's an option on the " Path " menu to " Break Apart " this object into its component paths , which you can then manipulate individually — for example , selecting some of them , deleting them , cutting and pasting them into a new document , or just moving them outside of the area where they started .
You 'll have to use the " Path -> Combine " option to put them back together in order for holes in the middle of letters to work right .
The letters out of potrace will generally have a lot of ugly knobs and things on them .
The " Path -> Simplify " option can help a lot with this by removing extra nodes , and you can remove more of them yourself by clicking on the node and hitting the " Delete " key .
You may have to adjust the control points attached to the remaining path nodes to get the shape of the curve back , but usually you can get by with only one control node on each side of each 90 - degree turn in a curve ( so two for a right - angle bend , three for a half - circle , four for a circle ) , plus a node at each corner .
As produced by potrace , Inkscape thinks of the nodes as " cusp " nodes , which can have sharp angles at them , but none of them actually will have sharp angles .
If you 're moving the control points attached to one of these nodes , you will often want to hold down the Shift key to move both control points in sync , to avoid introducing a sharp point .
The distance between the control point and the node controls the " stiffness " of the curve on that side of that node .
Nodes whose control points are very close to them are only introducing small local jogs in the curve .
Usually I delete them .
If you delete a lot of nodes from a curve , you 'll probably want to stiffen the curve at the remaining control points so that it remains curved .
If a node has very different stiffnesses on its two sides , the abrupt change in curvature will be conspicuous and possibly ugly .
If you want to avoid this automatically , you can Ctrl - click on the node until it says it 's become a " symmetric " node in the statusbar at bottom .
A " smooth " node is constrained to have its two control points be in line with each other , so there 's no sharp angle , but abrupt changes of curvature are allowed .
A smooth control point ( or a cusp that 's currently configured like one ) will be an inflection point in the curve if its control points are on opposite sides of the curve .
If that 's not what you want , adjust them until they 're on the same side of the curve .
You may want to zoom in ( " + " key ) for this .
For a curve segment that 's relatively evenly curved — neither flat in the middle nor flat toward the ends — the control points should be about as far apart as they are from their nodes , so they 're near the one - third and two - thirds points along the curve .
Fewer control points are generally better than more .
In the rare cases where you do need to add a control point to a potrace - output curve , click on the node at one end of the segment , shift - click on the other , then click the " insert new node " button .
The new node starts out as a " smooth " node , so you may have to Ctrl - click it into submission .
Also beware — all three nodes stay selected , which is handy if you want to add more nodes ( just click the button again ) but annoying in the normal case where you just want to move your newly created node .
Because all of this curve editing was so painfully slow , I imported a lot of the lowercase letters and digits without cleaning them up at all .
Much to my surprise , at the sizes I usually have them on my screen , I can barely see all the pixel poop on , say , " h " , or " j " , " q " , or " 9 " , or especially " w " , " 1 " , " 2 " , and " 8 " .
Tom 7 knows roughly a thousand times as much as I do about making fonts , and his page on making fonts with Fontographer explains many more fine points .
Most of the details are applicable to Fontforge as well , down to things like Ctrl - K to open the metrics window .
Importing Into Fontforge
Once I had things looking OK in Inkscape , I would do Ctrl - C to copy , Ctrl - N to open a new drawing , Ctrl - V to paste , possibly resize the results ( I think the size and position of the letterform in the drawing controls the initial size and position of the letterform in the character cell in Fontforge , but I 'm not sure ) , then Ctrl - S to save the result as EPS &mdash I have to select the " EPS " format from the menu near the bottom of the " Save as " dialog box .
( It is n't sufficient to type " uni0041.eps " in the filename box ; that will result in an SVG file named " uni0041.eps.svg " if it 's set to save as SVG . )
Then there 's some annoying " EPS save options " dialog box that comes up .
My version of Inkscape has a couple of bugs — it can't reimport the EPS it exports , and if you close the window that saved the first EPS , later EPS saves fail silently ( although they do print error messages in your xterm if you launched Inkscape from an xterm . )
For some reason , much of the time , the letter would paste into the new document sideways and backwards by default .
There are toolbar buttons conveniently placed to fix this .
Closing a drawing that has been saved only as an EPS requires dealing with an annoying confirmation dialog box ; if you pay enough attention to it , you might notice that the error message is different than usual if an EPS save silently failed .
( I really wish there was a " save selection as EPS file " command .
Maybe there is and I 'm just too dumb to find it .
There is an online tutorial for creating extensions to Inkscape in Python so it should be easy to add . )
All of this makes exporting letterforms from Inkscape into EPS time - consuming and maddening .
Fortunately , importing them into Fontforge is marginally less time - consuming and maddening .
" Import " is on the " File " menu in Fontforge , and the dialog box that comes up has a list of file formats available , one of which is " EPS " .
You can select a filename by typing the beginning of it , but only if you type fast .
It 's probably better to use the " EPS Template " feature of Fontforge ( see below ) .
But , either way , once you have the letterforms loaded into Fontforge , you have to move and resize them into position , and possibly also rotate them .
For no reason I could figure out , about a third of my letterforms got loaded in rotated about 135 degrees counterclockwise .
Moving and resizing the outlines in Fontforge , once you 've imported them , is fairly straightforward , if boring .
There 's a " resize " tool in the Fontforge toolbox ; you drag from the fixed - point of the resize in a direction that indicates what kind of resizing you want to do .
Normal resizing is up and right for larger , or down and left for smaller , and holding down " shift " constrains it to screw up the aspect ratio only by integer ratios .
If some nodes are selected ( highlighted in yellow ) , only they are affected ; otherwise all the nodes and also the character width are affected , and sometimes the character width ends up someplace far away .
I started out manually kerning character pairs , but eventually I gave up and kerned by classes instead .
Since none of my software pays any attention to the kerns , this was wasted effort for me , and I do n't know how bad or good a job I did .
Version Control with darcs
It turns out that the Fontforge .sfd file is a text file that can be sensibly version - controlled --- changes tend to be limited to a few lines at a time .
After the first time or two that Fontforge crashed on me , I decided to keep this project in a source - control system so I could go back to older versions if Fontforge wrote something to the file that caused it to crash at startup .
This was as simple as
darcs init darcs add oilpencil.sfd darcs record
and then periodically doing darcs diff -u and darcs record .
I considered checking all the original source photos and parts of them into the project , but they are much too large .
I have , however , included the whole web site in the darcs repository in order to make it easier to manage , and this did save me from scrozzling a file once .
Better Ways to Do It
I did this all in much more difficult ways than I needed to .
Be less dumb — here 's several ways to make things easier next time .
Potrace integration
If your input image is n't as screwed up as mine , Inkscape is capable of doing thresholding and running potrace itself ; there 's a tutorial on tracing with Inkscape on the project web site , and the same tutorial is also included in the Inkscape package itself , on the " Tutorials " submenu of the " Help " menu .
Fontforge is also capable of running potrace itself ( " Import " on the " File " menu to read in the graphic , then " Auto Trace " on the " Element " menu ; it 'll use either potrace or the " autotrace " program , whichever one is installed ) if you have already thresholded it , but doing it in Inkscape has a couple of advantages .
Fontforge can't import color images in a useful way ( even color images that contain only colors that look pretty gray ) , so you have to convert the image to gray before trying to load it into Fontforge ; and unsurprisingly it does n't support JPEG .
Also , Fontforge does n't seem to be very smart about thresholding them ; Inkscape has a handy dialog box for playing with the thresholding so you can get it right .
Template Imports
However , Fontforge does have the ability to import and autotrace a whole bunch of characters at once , which might matter more .
And if you have a JPEG file of a letter that you want to turn into a two - color JPEG , you can do it with these two commands ( assuming , of course , that you have netpbm and ImageMagick installed ) :
jpegtopnm < capital-r/photographed.jpg | ppmtopgm | pgmnorm > tmp.pgm convert - monochrome tmp.pgm tmp.png
If I were again importing a bunch of outlines created in Inkscape and saved in EPS into Fontforge , I would use the " EPS Template " feature of Fontforge 's file import .
This feature allows you to import a bunch of EPS files named uni0041.eps , uni0042.eps , and so on , as Unicode characters U+0041 , U+0042 , etc .
Better Photography
If , for whatever reason , I import characters from physical objects such as notebooks in the future , I will use a better scan .
An actual scanner would be great , but even with a camera , I could have done a lot better :
Use more light .
Like daylight .
Use a better camera , with a bigger lens and more pixels .
Use flatter light — even with a flash , I would have been better off shooting from further off , with a tripod , and using the zoom .
Shoot at higher resolution .
80x80 pixels per character ( plus some margins between them ) is not enough , especially if the lines are fine .
150x150 ( plus margins , so 200x200 ) would probably be OK , even though Tom 7 recommends 300x300 per character cell ( including margins ) .
There were 201 glyphs on the page I was using , plus the title line , so I would have needed at least four shots to get all of them at 300x300 , but at 200x200 I would have only needed two shots .
Use RAW processing .
The default color mixing algorithms cameras use cuts the potential monochrome resolution of the sensor in half , and JPEG processing is pretty harsh on sharp lines .
Unfortunately , I do n't think this camera even has a RAW processing option .
Grid Imports
It would be straightforward to write a script to extract blocks of pixels from predetermined places in an image , saving each one to a specially named file , so that they could all be potraced and imported into Fontforge at once , without any further human interaction .
With specially - marked paper , such as standard blue - lined graph paper , it might even be straightforward to undo perspective distortion from the photo - taking process .
Drawing Stuff In Inkscape
Sketching stuff out on paper to see how it looks , fine .
But for the final letterforms , it 's probably quicker to use Inkscape to draw the thing than to use Inkscape to clean up the results of scanning .
A lot of the punctuation in oilpencil was drawn this way , because it would have been just too much trouble to clean up all the pixel poop .
For line drawings , Inkscape has this awesome feature called " outset " , which lets you take a path and make a bigger path around it , just by hitting Ctrl - ) .
So you can draw a " stroke " with the stroke - drawing tool , adjust it to the right shape , convert it to a path ( on the Path menu , I think it 's Stroke to Path ) and " outset " it a few times .
Scripting
Inkscape is apparently somewhat scriptable now .
Fontforge is definitely scriptable .
Adaptive thresholding is definitely scriptable ( unless you have a totally hopeless image like I did ) .
This could have eased the workflow considerably .
Do the Font Metrics Right
I ended up with about the top 30 % of the character cell completely unused .
This leads to a variety of problems in practice : characters substituted from other fonts ( accented letters , smart quotes , em dashes ) look out of place , multifont text looks awful , I have to set my browser 's default font size to 20 points to get readable text ( which makes text in other fonts huge by default ) , bullets in bulleted lists are ginormous , and liquid web page layouts end up with far too much space .
And all the extra leading ( line spacing ) makes it hard to get stuff on the screen .
Inverted Passion
Understanding humans and systems to go from zero to one
The morning of September 11 , 2001 , the U.S. Army 's DiLorenzo Tricare Health Clinic ( DTHC ) had over 200 staff members working in its offices at the Pentagon , available to offer primary and emergency care to Department of Defense employees . [ 1 ]
Following the attack on the Pentagon , DTHC workers were involved with the emergency response , performing triage and treatment in the clinic and at other locations within the building . [ 2 ]
Curiously , several DTHC workers have indicated that , when they were ordered to evacuate after the Pentagon was hit , they initially thought this was a drill .
Admittedly , the clinic is located in the basement and on the east of the building -- the opposite side to where it was impacted -- and so people there had not heard or felt the crash . [ 3 ]
Yet , considering that the two crashes occurring in New York made it obvious the U.S. was under attack , this reaction seems surprising .
An examination of the accounts of these workers and other evidence raises the possibility that their confusion was because a drill was scheduled to take place there that day .
Remarkably , there is evidence that such a drill might have been based around a plane hitting the Pentagon .
WITNESS ACCOUNTS
Captain Jennifer Glidewell , the chief nurse at the acute care section of the DTHC , has described how she mistook the evacuation for part of a training exercise .
Like numerous others at the clinic , Glidewell had seen the TV coverage reporting the attacks in New York .
When informed that two planes -- not one -- had hit the World Trade Center , she said out loud : " That was n't an accident .
That was terrorism . "
A man had then run through the clinic , looking serious and yelling , " Everybody get out ! "
Glidewell started evacuating the place , herself leaving with Sergeant Matthew Rosenberg , a medic there .
Yet Glidewell has recalled that , as she and Rosenberg saw " throngs of people going out , " they were " thinking fire drill .
I still had not made the connection . " [ 4 ]
After being told there was a patient in the Pentagon 's center courtyard requiring attention , Glidewell and Rosenberg headed there . [ 5 ]
Authors Patrick Creed and Rick Newman have described , " When they entered the courtyard , the first thing they saw was smoke , billowing up out of the opposite side of the building . "
They saw a man , " running with his arms up in the air , screaming , his clothes hanging off him like rags . "
Yet Glidewell thought this was part of a training exercise : " When Glidewell saw his face , her first thought was that it was the best moulage job she had ever seen .
Moulage was the makeup medical practitioners put on mock patients during exercises , to simulate injuries . "
Only as she realized his injuries were genuine did reality sink in .
She grabbed her radio and yelled into it : " This is not a drill !
This is real ! " [ 6 ]
Other DiLorenzo Clinic employees have also recalled mistaking the response to the Pentagon attack for a drill :
Dr. Veena Railan was examining a patient when she heard the call to evacuate .
She recalled : " I was not very sure what was happening , what was going on at that time .
Maybe this is a drill because of what happened in New York . " [ 7 ]
U.S. Air Force Surgeon General Paul Carlton had been at the Pentagon for a meeting . [ 8 ]
After the building was hit , he'd gone to the DTHC and volunteered to head a team of medics that was going to the center courtyard . [ 9 ]
As they rushed there , a young sergeant " was under the impression that this crash was yet another exercise . "
Carlton told him , " I think this one 's for real , my friend . " [ 10 ]
Captain Liza Lindenberg , a physician at the DTHC , heard about the WTC being hit .
She was discussing this with a couple of colleagues , " and we were jokingly saying that maybe we should go home for the day because of the incident . "
She then " heard a thud , like a construction crane , and then all of a sudden people started yelling that we should be evacuating . "
However , " Not until we went out the door did I see these plumes of smoke and thought , this is definitely not a drill . " [ 11 ]
Major Bridget Larew had been told two planes had hit the WTC .
She realized , " That was n't a coincidence ; that is terrorism . "
After the man ran through the clinic , yelling at everyone to evacuate , she saw " people streaming by the glass doors as they were exiting the building . "
She said aloud , " I do n't think this is an exercise . "
After helping an injured victim , she " went back out to the front desk to see if I had other providers because , by now , the people , our medical teams were starting to come back in the building , realizing that this was not a drill and that they needed to be here with us to get supplies and stuff . " [ 12 ]
Staff Sergeant Keith Pernell saw the television footage of the second plane hitting the WTC and was thinking , " What 's going on ? "
Although he did not hear or feel the impact when the Pentagon was hit , he heard the order to " Get out ! "
Yet , he has recalled , " We just thought it was a regular fire drill . " [ 13 ]
Sergeant Mark Maxey
Davis knew about the first -- but not the second -- plane hitting the WTC .
When someone walked into the office he was in and said they all needed to evacuate the building , he has recalled , " I just thought it was a routine fire drill or something like that . "
As he walked out , he " did n't grab anything because , again , I just thought it was something routine . "
When he got outside , he saw people running from the center courtyard .
As he was leaving the North Parking area , he looked back and saw the smoke coming from the Pentagon .
Yet he " was n't even afraid then because I just thought it was maybe something caught on fire . " [ 14 ]
While these accounts do not prove the DTHC was due to take part in a training exercise that day , other evidence further supports this possibility .
MORE EVIDENCE OF A DRILL AT THE PENTAGON ON 9/11
Major Lorie Brown was the chief nurse at the DiLorenzo Tricare Health Clinic on September 11 .
According to Brown , the clinic " actually had our MASCAL equipment out of the storage areas " that morning , " because we were doing an inventory . " ( " MASCAL " equipment is that which is required for situations with " mass casualties . " )
Brown has continued : " So there were many pieces that just fell into place and worked so well on that day .
It was just fortuitous .
It was just amazing that way that things kind of happened the way they did . " [ 15 ]
Sergeant Matthew Rosenberg said that , on September 11 : " We had virtually completed our MASCAL plan .
I was setting up training for medics , I was in the process of ordering new supplies , and trying to reinvent what we would do , how we would go about it . "
Furthermore , " Believe it or not , the day prior to " September 11 , he had been " on the phone with the FBI , and we were talking , ' so who has command should this happen , who has the medical jurisdiction , who does this , who does that , ' and we talked about it and talked about it , and he helped me out a lot . " [ 16 ]
Might Brown and Rosenberg have been implying they had been preparing for a training exercise due to take place on 9/11 ?
What is more , as the Washington Post reported , early in the morning of September 11 , before the attacks occurred in New York , Rosenberg had been " down on Corridor 8 " of the Pentagon ( where the DTHC is located ) , " grateful for an uninterrupted hour in which he could study a new medical emergency disaster plan based on the unlikely scenario of an airplane crashing into the place . " [ 17 ]
Could he have been studying this in preparation for an exercise that day , which would be based on a plane crashing into the Pentagon ?
PRE -9/11 PLANE CRASH EXERCISES
Extraordinary as this possibility may sound , it would not have been the first time the DTHC participated in such a drill .
The clinic had been involved in at least two training exercises in the 12 months prior to 9/11 , based around the scenario of an aircraft crashing into the Pentagon .
The DiLorenzo Clinic 's Action Response Team ( DART ) had been developing a new MASCAL plan and , for that purpose , participated in several large tabletop exercises with other organizations such as the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) and civilian medical agencies . [ 18 ]
In late October 2000 , Lorie Brown and others from the DTHC took part in the Pentagon Mass Casualty Exercise , held in the Office of the Secretary of Defense conference room .
One of the scenarios practiced for was a passenger aircraft crashing into the Pentagon , with 341 victims . [ 19 ]
And in May 2001 , the DTHC held an exercise along with the Air Force Flight Medicine Clinic and Arlington County Emergency Medical Services , which practiced for the scenario of an airplane with 35 passengers on board crashing into the Pentagon 's west face -- the same side as was impacted in the attack on 9/11 . [ 20 ]
We therefore have evidence indicating the DiLorenzo Tricare Health Clinic was due to hold a training exercise on September 11 , and that this exercise may have been based around the scenario of a plane hitting the Pentagon .
Certainly this possibility is something that needs to be urgently examined as part of a new investigation of 9/11 .
If a training exercise was scheduled to take place at the Pentagon that day , what precisely did it involve ?
When was it due to start ?
Who planned it ?
And why has its existence never been publicly admitted ?
NOTES
[ 1 ] Alfred Goldberg et al. , Pentagon 9/11 .
Washington , DC : Defense Department , Office of the Secretary , Historical Office , 2007 , p. 107 .
[ 2 ] Arlington County , Virginia , report , Titan Systems Corp. , Arlington County : After - Action Report on the Response to the September 11 Terrorist Attack on the Pentagon .
2002 , p. B1 .
[ 3 ] Janet Boivin , " Pentagon Nurse Quells Chaos of Terrorist Attack . "
Nursing Spectrum , September 24 , 2001 ; Soldiers to the Rescue : The Medical Response to the Pentagon Attack .
Washington , DC : Office of Medical History , September 2004 , pp. 7 and 111 ; Alfred Goldberg et al. , Pentagon 9/11 , p. 107 ; Patrick Creed and Rick Newman , Firefight : Inside the Battle to Save the Pentagon on 9/11 .
New York : Presidio Press , 2008 , p. 57 .
[ 4 ] Soldiers to the Rescue , p. 19 ; Patrick Creed and Rick Newman , Firefight , pp. 57 -58 .
[ 5 ] Soldiers to the Rescue , p. 39 .
[ 6 ] Ibid .
p. 19 ; Patrick Creed and Rick Newman , Firefight , p. 58 .
[ 7 ]
Soldiers to the Rescue , p. 125 .
[ 8 ] Dean E. Murphy , September 11 : An Oral History .
New York : Doubleday , 2002 , p. 216 .
[ 9 ]
Alfred Goldberg et al. , Pentagon 9/11 , p. 109 .
[ 10 ] Dean E. Murphy , September 11 : An Oral History , p. 222 .
[ 11 ] Soldiers to the Rescue , p. 85 .
[ 12 ] Ibid . p. 83 .
[ 13 ] Ibid . p. 111 .
[ 14 ] Ibid . p. 69 .
[ 15 ] Ibid . p. 7 .
[ 16 ] Ibid . p. 39 .
[ 17 ] David Maraniss , " September 11 , 2001 . "
Washington Post , September 16 , 2001 .
[ 18 ] Soldiers to the Rescue , p. 7 .
[ 19 ] Dennis Ryan , " Contingency Planning Pentagon MASCAL Exercise Simulates Scenarios in Preparing for Emergencies . "
MDW News Service , November 3 , 2000 .
[ 20 ] Arlington County , After - Action Report on the Response to the September 11 Terrorist Attack on the Pentagon , p. B17 ; James A. Geiling , " Overview of Command and Control Issues : Setting the Stage . "
Military Medicine , September 2002 ; Alfred Goldberg et al. , Pentagon 9/11 , pp. 23 and 107 . ,
Christianity is the belief that a cosmic Jewish zombie who was his own father can make you live forever if you symbolically eat his flesh and telepathically tell him you accept him as your master , so he can remove an evil force from your soul that is present in humanity because a rib - woman was convinced by a talking snake to eat from a magical tree .
And the being that created the universe , the vast , incalculable distance that contains innumerable galaxies of limitless stars is intently focused on what you do with your penis .
And if you do n't believe that he exists he 'll be so mad that he 'll sentence you to an eternity of torture in hell , but he still loves you .
We know all this to be true because it is in the bible , the word of god .
We know it 's the word of god because it's in the goddamn bible !
I Googled something a minute ago and noticed that my SERP looked a little different :
In particular , check out those three grey icons .
They appear next to every result on the page , but there is n’t any noticeable indication why they ’re there .
So I clicked one :)
The link turned green , which was fun .
But the most exciting thing was that it moved to the top of the page – with a nice , slick animation .
Apparently Google is letting me customize the results of my search .
So this icon moves the search result ( and any indented results beneath it ) to the top of the list .
The second icon has two modes : on an unedited result , it is an X .
Clicking the X removes this link from my SERP .
On a modified result , it turns into a down arrow .
Clicking this returns the result to its normal position in the page .
The third button , at the bottom of each result , is a comment link .
Clicking it opens a small comment box , lets me leave a comment .
After poking around a bit I found a FAQ page about the feature .
It ’s mostly vague and a bit evasive , but it does have some solid information .
This feature allows you influence your search experience by adding , moving , and removing search results .
When you search for the same keywords again while you are logged in to your Google account , you ’ll continue to see those changes .
If you later want to revert your changes , you can undo any modifications you ’ve made .
Note :
This is an experimental feature served to a random selection of participants and may be available for only a few weeks .
The FAQ page mentions a couple of settings links that I do n’t see at this point : a way to opt out , and a way to revert all my changes .
I imagine these will show up eventually …
There are , however , links to see my edits and edits made by anyone else for this particular SERP .
Apparently I ’m the only one messing with search results for “ Justin Hileman ” at this point .
There are two more interesting features .
First , there ’s a link at the bottom of every page where I can suggest additional results .
Additional results appear at the top of the SERP , just as if I had manually promoted the link from wherever it landed in the normal result pages .
Then , there ’s a “ profile ” - like page that displays all of my edits , and apparently everyone else ’s edits are searchable .
The commenting system is a bit simplistic at this point , but it does have interesting implications .
According to the FAQ page , I might be the only one who ever sees my comments .
How will Google use my contributions ?
We ’ll use input from this experiment to provide websearch features such as the personalized results you see , and to decide whether features like this would be useful for other users in the future ….
we may also show the comments and changes that you provided to other users …
This whole thing looks like an experiment into crowdsourced search results .
The FAQ page says little , implying that changing my SERPs will tweak only my results , that this whole thing is most likely temporary , and possibly nobody else will know that I did it …
But it also invokes the Google Privacy Policy , and says that changes I submit can be used by Google .
Perhaps they ’re working on a human supplemented PageRank of sorts ?
Digg style voting for search engine results ?
Google claims that this is a limited test .
They claim that it may only be around for a few weeks .
But it would be interesting to see it stay for good , and to see how it evolves from here .
Note : I did n’t just mess with results about me .
A Google search for “ edit search results ” ( in quotes ) yielded nothing of interest or relevance , so I added a link to the Google FAQ page on the subject .
Maybe that will help out someone else having the same questions as me :)
DeBakey 's death is a heartfelt loss for Houston , world of medicine Dr. Michael DeBakey : 1908 -2008
Houstonian called the ' greatest surgeon of the 20th century ' dies at 99
Dr. Sherwin Nuland , medicine 's best - known historian , was visiting with Dr. Michael DeBakey three years ago when the then - 96 - year - old surgeon left the room to attend to some business .
Taking advantage of the moment to tour the room 's extensive collection of memorabilia — the honors , photographs and mementos from an illustrative career that spanned eight decades —
Nuland stopped to reflect on two antiquarian charts of the history of medicine .
" As I studied the charts , it occurred to me that no face on them was any more important in the history of medicine than DeBakey himself , '' said Nuland , a retired surgeon at the Yale University School of Medicine and author of Doctors : The Biography of Medicine .
" I can't think of anyone who 's made more of a contribution to the field of medicine . ''
Michael Ellis DeBakey — internationally acclaimed as the father of modern cardiovascular surgery and considered by many to be the greatest surgeon ever — died Friday night at The Methodist Hospital in Houston .
He was 99 .
Methodist officials said DeBakey died of natural causes .
He was taken to the hospital after his wife , Katrin , called 911 , and he was pronounced dead shortly after arriving , said Dr. Marc Boom , executive vice president of Methodist .
DeBakey is to lie in repose within the rotunda of Houston City Hall from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Tuesday , officials at Baylor College of Medicine said .
Funeral services are planned for Wednesday .
Chancellor emeritus of Baylor College of Medicine and a surgeon at Methodist since 1949 , DeBakey trained thousands of surgeons .
During his career , he estimated he performed more than 60,000 operations .
His patients included the famous — Russian President Boris Yeltsin and movie actress Marlene Dietrich among them — and the uncelebrated .
" He was a great contributor to medicine and surgery , " said Dr. Denton Cooley , president and surgeon - in - chief at the Texas Heart Institute in Houston and a former rival of DeBakey .
" But he left a real legacy in the Texas Medical Center and at Baylor College of Medicine , where he 's brought so much attention , " Cooley said .
" Together , we were able to establish Houston as a world leader in cardiovascular medicine . "
Dr. George Noon , a cardiovascular surgeon and longtime partner of DeBakey 's , said he " single - handedly raised the standard of medical care , teaching and research around the world .
He was the greatest surgeon of the 20th century , and physicians everywhere are indebted to him for his contributions to medicine . "
DeBakey almost died in 2006 , when he suffered an aortic aneurysm , a condition for which he pioneered the treatment .
He is considered the oldest patient to have both undergone and survived surgery for it .
He recovered enough to go to Washington earlier this year to receive the Congressional Gold Medal , one of the nation 's two highest civilian honors .
He remained vigorous and was a player in medicine well into his 90s , performing surgeries , traveling and publishing articles in scientific journals .
His large hands were steady , his hearing sharp .
His personal health regimen included taking the stairs at work and a single cup of coffee in the morning .
DeBakey 's death was mourned by the leaders of Methodist and Baylor .
Methodist President Ron Girotto said : " He has improved the human condition and touched the lives of generations to come .
We will greatly miss him . "
Baylor President Dr. Peter Traber added : " He set a standard for pre-eminence in all areas of his life that those who knew him and worked with him are compelled to emulate .
And he served as a very visible reminder of the importance of leadership and giving back to one 's community . "
Built a reputation
DeBakey was born in Lake Charles , La. , in 1908 , a month before Ford began making Model Ts and a quarter - century before the discovery of bacteria - fighting drugs .
While still in medical school , he developed the roller pump for the heart - lung machine .
DeBakey invented many of the procedures and devices — more than 50 surgical instruments — used to repair hearts and arteries .
He is widely credited with laying the foundation for the Texas Medical Center in Houston by recruiting doctors and researchers and giving the city an international reputation for leading - edge health care .
He was a maverick , running afoul of the Harris County Medical Society for insisting that surgeons be certified by the American Board of Surgery .
At the time , it was common for general physicians to operate .
" DeBakey built a department of surgery at Baylor and at The Methodist Hospital , which was to become one of the most celebrated in the world , a galaxy of young stars , " the late author Thomas Thompson wrote in 1970 in Hearts : Of Surgeons and Transplants , Miracles and Disasters Along the Cardiac Frontier .
" In a city where 25 years ago there was practiced medicine of the most mediocre sort , there sprung up in a swampy area 6 miles south of downtown ... one of the handful of distinguished medical centers in the world . "
DeBakey invented and refined ways to repair weakened or clot - obstructed blood vessels using replacements made from preserved human blood vessels and , later , with artificial ones .
He is credited with the first successful surgical treatment of potentially deadly aneurysms of various parts of the aorta .
In 1939 , he co-authored one of the earliest papers linking smoking and lung cancer .
During World War II , while he served in the Office of the U.S. Surgeon General , DeBakey 's work led to the development of mobile surgical hospitals , called MASH units .
He helped President John F. Kennedy lobby for Medicare ; he recommended creation of the National Library of Medicine , subsequently authorized by Congress .
In 1963 , DeBakey won the Lasker Award for Clinical Research , considered the U.S. equivalent of a Nobel .
" At times he could act like the meanest man in the world .
He did n't let you breathe , " said Dr. John L. Ochsner of New Orleans , who trained under DeBakey and whose father , Dr. Alton Ochsner , was DeBakey 's mentor at Tulane University School of Medicine .
" The thing that made him so mad all the time was he was trying to conquer the world , and every minute was so important to him .
He did n't have time for frivolity at all , " he said .
Two sides
Patients and their families saw him otherwise .
To them , DeBakey was a healer with quiet authority who seemed to work miracles .
Enfolding a patient 's hands in his , the patient 's face would relax , some recalled .
He was pained by the breakup in 2004 of the 50 - year marriage between Baylor and Methodist , which dissolved over disagreements about the future of the institutions .
DeBakey said the breakup made no sense and hurt both parties .
Friends described him as " heartbroken " about the split .
In an interview earlier this year , DeBakey said the description was not inaccurate .
In 2003 , his MicroMed DeBakey LVAD was implanted in a 10 - year - old girl , the youngest patient in the world to receive the device , which boosts the heart 's main pumping chamber .
In 2004 , a child - sized version became available for children as young as 5 .
DeBakey had developed the device in collaboration with heart surgeon Noon and NASA .
In his prime — and it was an unusually lengthy prime — DeBakey , with his sharp - nosed profile and dark - brown eyes , had the power to intimidate and awe his acolytes .
In surgery , DeBakey was famous for his withering remarks , delivered in a velvety Louisiana drawl , directed at the anxious and ambitious residents operating alongside him .
John Ochsner recalled how , if an operation was going slowly , DeBakey might ask , '' Am I the only one here doing anything ? "
Or a clumsy resident might prompt DeBakey to say , '' Do you have two left hands ? "
DeBakey 's trainees cringed at his criticism , but among themselves they recounted the barbs in a sometimes dead - on imitation of the revered surgeon .
Ochsner , now chairman emeritus of the Department of Surgery at Ochsner Clinic in New Orleans , said DeBakey 's stern manner came from a desire to prepare his students for the demanding career ahead .
Family life
DeBakey was the eldest of five children born to Lebanese immigrants Raheehja and Shaker Morris DeBakey .
Shaker Morris DeBakey was a businessman and pharmacist in Lake Charles who invested in real estate and rice farming .
Michael DeBakey grew up with his brother and three sisters in a large house with maids , butlers and gardeners .
The DeBakeys ate healthy foods — fresh vegetables , fresh fruit , seafood , rice and beans .
They did n't smoke or drink .
At dinnertime , the family chatted about things that happened at the drug store or the doings of politicians who sought out Shaker 's advice .
" You could not get a word in edgewise until one of our parents announced who had the floor , " DeBakey recounted to a reporter in 1997 .
" It was very stimulating . "
On Sundays after services at their Episcopal church , the DeBakeys would take clothing to a nearby orphanage .
One time , the giveaway bundle included DeBakey 's favorite cap .
When the youngster protested , his mother sat him down and said : " You have a lot of caps .
These children have none . "
" It made a great impression on me , " he said .
DeBakey 's mother also taught him one of his future career 's essential skills — sewing .
He would help her repair items headed for the orphanage .
He also learned to tat , using a little bobbin to make lace .
Years later , in the 1950s , DeBakey would introduce artificial arteries made from Dacron ; he sewed the prototype on his wife 's sewing machine , using fabric purchased at Houston 's downtown Foley's .
He went to medical school at Tulane after graduating as valedictorian from his high school class .
During his senior year in medical school , he developed the roller pump , a device that two decades later became a crucial component of the heart - lung machine used on patients during open - heart surgery .
' A work of art '
As a surgery resident at New Orleans ' Charity Hospital , DeBakey caught his first glimpse of a living human heart — pink and pulsating in the chest of a knifing victim .
' ' I saw it beating , and it was beautiful , a work of art , " DeBakey said in 1987 .
'' I still have an almost religious sense when I work on the heart .
It is something God makes and we have yet to duplicate . "
Later , at Charity Hospital , DeBakey experienced a potentially catastrophic near - miss — he accidentally punctured a patient 's aorta — which gave him an appreciation for the steadying influence of his mentor , Alton Ochsner .
He and Ochsner were operating in an amphitheater with a full audience of visiting surgeons .
DeBakey was on one side of the patient , Ochsner on the other .
DeBakey was attempting to lift up the aorta , which had been weakened by infection " when I suddenly realized , with a gripping terror , that I had entered the aorta . "
DeBakey whispered this to Ochsner , who calmly instructed DeBakey to leave his finger over the hole .
Ochsner stitched it up , and no one realized a near - fatal accident had occurred .
During the late 1930s , DeBakey married his first wife , Diana , a nurse he met in New Orleans .
They had four sons : Michael , Ernest , Barry and Denis .
When DeBakey came to Houston in 1948 to head Baylor 's surgery department , he moved his family into a home near Rice University , only five minutes from the Texas Medical Center , so he would n't waste time commuting .
He never moved from that home .
Diana DeBakey died of a heart attack in 1972 .
They had been in Mexico for a medical meeting , staying with a close relative of the president of Mexico .
They ate well and stayed up late , and when the DeBakeys returned home , Diana was complaining of an upset stomach .
At that time , gastrointestinal problems were not widely recognized as a heart attack symptom in women .
When her discomfort worsened , DeBakey had her admitted to the hospital to find out what was wrong .
While DeBakey was in surgery on someone else , he got a call that there was an emergency .
When he reached his wife 's bedside , she had died .
Three years after her death , DeBakey married German film actress Katrin Fehlhaber , whom he met through Frank Sinatra .
They had a daughter , Olga .
Health - conscious
The workaholic DeBakey rarely slept more than five hours a night , awaking at 5 most mornings to write research papers or read medical journals .
He rarely drank , never smoked , ate sparingly — mostly salads , late in life — and did n't watch television .
He spent much of his adult years in light - blue scrubs and wore a pair of gleaming - white cowboy boots for the operating room .
In 1948 , when DeBakey came to Houston , he had turned the Baylor job down twice .
The fledgling school had moved to Houston from Dallas just five years earlier , and Baylor students were scattered all over the city doing their clinical rotations , a situation that did n't appeal to DeBakey .
He finally was persuaded to come when Hermann Hospital promised the school a 20 - bed surgical service , according to Ruth SoRelle 's history of Baylor , The Quest for Excellence .
The Hermann deal fell through , and DeBakey nearly left .
But the Truman administration asked DeBakey to transfer Houston 's Navy hospital into a Veterans Administration hospital , an idea championed by DeBakey that evolved into the national VA system .
There , DeBakey 's students started the city 's first surgical residency program .
One of the most talked - about events of DeBakey 's life was his legendary feud — more Arctic freeze than hot - tempered spat — with Cooley , his one - time close collaborator .
DeBakey hired Cooley in 1951 after the Houston native finished his training at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore .
In 1965 , DeBakey participated in a federally funded program to design an artificial heart .
Within a few years , he had a device that some physicians felt was ready for human trials , but DeBakey believed it needed more work .
Then , to international acclaim in 1969 , Cooley performed the first implantation of an artificial heart into the chest of 47 - year - old Haskell Karp , a dying heart surgery patient .
Karp lived with the heart in his chest 65 hours before dying shortly after a heart transplant .
A bitter feud
Cooley 's fame was quickly tarnished after DeBakey said the heart was identical to one under development in the Baylor labs and that Cooley had used it without permission .
Cooley said he and Dr. Domingo Liotta , who also designed artificial hearts in DeBakey 's lab , had built the heart privately and that he had no choice but to use the heart because the patient 's life was in jeopardy .
After the incident , the American College of Surgeons voted to censure Cooley , and , amid a dispute with the trustees of Baylor , Cooley resigned from the institution .
The two men stopped collaborating and rarely spoke .
DeBakey changed his focus and decided funds would be better spent developing pumps to assist failing hearts .
Such devices became the mainstream treatment for patients with failing hearts .
The episode '' stole DeBakey 's shot at a Nobel Prize , " Methodist heart surgeon Mike Reardon said in 2004 .
'' What Mike needed was one crowning event to make him a candidate .
And that was going to be the artificial heart . "
The two buried the hatchet last year .
Cooley inducted DeBakey into his surgical society , and DeBakey accepted , telling his former colleague he was touched by the gesture .
Earlier this year , DeBakey returned the favor , granting Cooley membership in his surgical society .
In April , when DeBakey was given the Congressional Gold Medal , Cooley made the trip to Washington , too .
" I feel a sadness over his passing , " Cooley said .
" It represents the end of an era .
We were at one time colleagues , and then we were competitors , and then finally we restored our friendship . "
A fight against death
For a man who outlived most of his peers , DeBakey seemed unphilosophical about death , appearing to view it as a personal enemy .
Losing a patient put him in a black mood and set his mind spinning with thoughts of what he might have done differently .
'' You fight ( death ) all the time , and you never really can accept it , " he once said .
'' You know in reality that everybody is going to die , but you try to fight it , to push it away , hold it away with your hands . "
DeBakey was preceded in death by his sons Houston lawyer Ernest O. DeBakey , who died in 2004 , and Barry E. DeBakey , who died in 2007 ; and a brother , Dr. Ernest G. DeBakey , who died in 2006 .
In addition to his wife , Katrin , and their daughter , Olga , DeBakey is survived by sons Michael DeBakey of Lima , Peru , and Denis DeBakey of Houston ; and sisters Lois and Selma DeBakey , both medical editors and linguists at Baylor .
todd.ackerman@chron.com
eric.berger@chron.com
About The Author Sergey Chikuyonok is a Russian front - end web - developer and writer with a big passion on optimization : from images and JavaScript effects to working process and … More about Sergey Chikuyonok …
Introducing LiveStyle : Better , Stronger And Smarter CSS Live Reload
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Tools for live CSS editing are n’t new these days .
You may already be familiar with tools like LiveReload CodeKit and Brackets .
So , why would someone ever need to create yet another tool and even call it a “ live CSS editor of the new generation ” ?
In the past , we featured some exciting tools and libraries : PrefixFree , Foundation , Sisyphus.js , GuideGuide , Gridpak , JS Bin and CSSComb .
All of them have been developed and released by active members of the Web design community as open - source projects .
Today , we present LiveStyle , a plugin for live bi-directional ( editor ↔ browser ) CSS editing of the new generation ! — Ed .
Tools for live CSS editing are n’t new these days .
You may already be familiar with tools like LiveReload , CodeKit and Brackets .
So , why would someone ever need to create yet another tool and even call it a “ live CSS editor of the new generation ” ?
The tool I ’d like to introduce to you today is Emmet LiveStyle .
This plugin takes a completely different approach on updating CSS .
Unlike other live editors , it does n’t simply replace a whole CSS file in a browser or an editor , but rather maps changes from one CSS file to the other .
In order to better understand how LiveStyle works , let us first take a look at the current state of live edit tools .
Most live reload / edit tools work in a pretty simple manner :
They look out for CSS files in a special folder and update the Web browser once something has been changed .
So users have to edit the CSS file and save it before they can preview the changes .
Not exactly a “ live ” update , but this simplicity has its own benefits .
You can use these tools together with preprocessors so your webpage gets updated automatically whenever you save your LESS or SASS file .
About a year ago , a new breed of live editing tools appeared .
Editors like Brackets and WebStorm integrate with Web browsers ( more specifically , with Google Chrome ) directly and allow you to see updates instantly , e.g. without saving a file .
They send the updated file content to the browser every time you change something .
But in order to use live edit , they require a special built - in Web server to be used to properly map your local files with browser URLs .
Getting changes from DevTools back into your CSS file is not so popular .
There are a few tools like Tin.cr that allow you to save your DevTools changes back to the file ( the Chrome Dev team introduced Chrome Workspaces recently for this very same purpose ) .
Summing up , to use these tools for truly live development ( deliver updates from editor to browser and vice versa ) , you have to :
Use the same CSS files in your text editor and Web browser .
Keep your files in a local file system .
In some cases , use a special tooling Web server .
All of these tools work just fine once you ’ve started your project development , but what happens when your website goes into production ?
What if you concatenate and minify your CSS code for better performance and UX ?
Most of these tools become pretty much useless :
You ca n’t use the tooling Web server because you need to use your own one for backend / CMS .
You ca n’t get the DevTools changes back into your file since ( concatenated and minified ) CSS within browser is not the same as your source code .
In some large projects , you ca n’t use a local file system — your files might be in your private sandbox on the dev server .
So , you do n’t have much options now , right ?
If you ask me , there are two things that must be eliminated :
Any middleware between the browser and editor .
The editor should be able to talk to the browser directly , without using any files or Web servers .
Full CSS content swapping .
The browser or editor must receive only the updated sections , not the entire source .
To solve these issues , LiveStyle was created .
Unlike other tools , it does not work directly with files , nor does it replace them in the browser or editor .
It maps changes from one source to the other .
How LiveStyle Works
Imagine you ’re editing a CSS file and I ask you , “ What did you just change ? ”
Your answer could be : “ On line 2 , I replaced the characters from 12 to 16 with the word red . ”
But I ’m pretty sure your answer will rather end up being : “ In the body selector , I changed the background property value to red . ”
In other words , instead of describing how bytes were changed within the text file , you would describe how the structure of the CSS file was changed .
But the thing is , if you pass this very same information to another developer , i.e. “ in body , change background value to red , ” he can perform the very same changes in his own CSS file and get the very same result !
This is exactly how LiveStyle works .
Whenever you update a CSS source , it performs structural comparisons with the previous state and creates a special patch that describes how the CSS structure was changed .
This patch is then transmitted to all clients and is applied to the associated CSS source .
This approach gives you the following benefits :
You can associate two completely different CSS sources for live editing .
For example , you can take a minified and concatenated CSS source in a browser , associate it with one of the source CSS modules in an editor , and use them for fully bi-directional live editing .
You do n’t need to keep your files in a local file system .
You can simply open it directly from the FTP , your fancy network mount , or whatever .
If a file can be opened by a text editor , you can use it for live editing as well .
You can even create new , untitled files and use them for live editing right away !
You do n’t need a special Web server , code snippet or file watcher , everything works in the editor and browser .
Here ’s a demo video demonstrating how this approach works in real life :
In the video above , I used the Facebook main page to demonstrate the power of LiveStyle .
There ’s no doubt it ’s one of the largest and complex websites on the planet and I do n’t have access to either the Facebook server nor its CSS source .
But I need just a few clicks to start the live CSS editing .
Imagine how easy it is for you to do the very same for your own website !
Installation
Currently , LiveStyle works in Google Chrome , WebKit Nightly ( for iOS apps live editing ) and Sublime Text .
The installation process is pretty straightforward :
Install the “ LiveStyle ” plugin from the Package Control in Sublime Text .
Install the extension for Google Chrome .
The WebKit extension can be installed directly from Sublime Text , just pick Tools → Install LiveStyle for WebKit extension menu item , or run the LiveStyle : Install WebKit extension command from the Command Palette .
That ’s it !
Now you can start using LiveStyle to tweak your websites .
If you have any trouble with the LiveStyle installation or need any further assistance , please go to the official installation guide .
Using LiveStyle
To start with the live CSS editing , simply follow these four easy steps :
Start Sublime
Text and open a CSS file or create new one .
Start your Chrome browser and go to the page you wish to edit .
Open DevTools , go to the LiveStyle panel and check the Enable LiveStyle for current page option .
Once enabled , you ’ll see a list of the external style sheets on the left and a list of editor files on the right .
Simply pick the editor file that should be associated with the browser and you are done !
Note that the editor ’s files list is automatically updated every time you create , open or close files within the editor .
Important :
You must keep DevTools open during your live editing session and for every window ( in multi- view mode ) .
You do n’t have to be on the LiveStyle panel all of the time , but DevTools must remain open otherwise the incoming updates wo n’t be applied .
New Workflows
LiveStyles ’ CSS patching concept introduces a number of workflows you can use in your development process :
Simple Mode
This one ’s a basic one - to - one live editing mode .
Simply associate any external CSS file in the browser and the editor , and start editing .
All your editor changes will be automatically reflected in the browser and your DevTools updates will be reflected in the editor .
If your browser file is large enough , your editor updates may take some time to apply .
If you want to speed things up or you do n’t have any external style sheets on your page , you can create a new style sheet by pressing the Add file button and using it for live updates .
Multi-View Mode
Multi-view mode is ideal for tweaking responsive Web designs .
Open multiple windows of the same page and resize them for your RWD breakpoints .
DevTools must be open for each window , otherwise it wo n’t apply any updates .
In multi-view mode :
All editor updates will be applied to all windows .
All DevTools updates will be applied to the editor and all other windows with the same page .
All LiveStyle panel updates ( like file associations ) will be automatically applied to all other windows with the same page .
Multi-Site Mode
This mode is useful if your Web project has different versions of desktop and mobile websites but shares the same CSS code base .
Just like in the “ multi- view mode ” , you need to open a few windows with your website ’s versions and associate your browser CSS files in the LiveStyle panel with the same editor file .
LiveStyle will use this editor file as a reference to patch your browser files with incoming updates , even from DevTools .
Designer Mode
This mode is for designers who work on large projects and do n’t have direct access to the CSS sources .
( Please note that this is an experimental mode and is subject to change ! )
Imagine you spot an error on your production website .
Instead of asking the developer to spend some time with you to fix these issues , you can fix them by yourself and send the developer a patch so he can apply it later to the original source .
All LiveStyle updates are recorded into the “ Patch history ” , available in the LiveStyle DevTools panel .
A new patch history entry is created automatically every time you open or refresh a Web page .
Click on the “ Patch history ” pop-up entry to apply recorded patches and click on the red icon on the right to download it .
So , all you have to do is to tweak the layout in DevTools and download the most recent patch history entry .
You can send the downloaded patch to the developer so he can apply it to original CSS source .
Note that in this mode you do n’t need Sublime Text extension at all ; you just need the DevTools extension .
Behind The Scenes
I ’m pretty sure anyone who ’s tech savvy is interested in how LiveStyle works and what lessons I learned from this project .
How LiveStyle Patches CSS
When you edit styles in DevTools , you see that properties in selectors are modified accordingly : Existing selectors are updated and absent ones are created — even whole CSS selectors are automatically created ( and I really hope this is the only thing you see ) .
But did you notice there ’s no CSS formatting configuration step ?
You did n’t have to open any preferences file to specify that you do n’t need space after a colon and all your properties should be written in single lines .
That ’s because LiveStyle tries to match your coding style as close as possible .
Whenever it needs to insert something in the document , it analyzes your personal coding style and automatically creates formatting rules for you .
This is also possible due to the original Emmets ’ cssEditTree component .
This module provides a DOM - like interface for CSS modifications , e.g. rule.value (' background ' , ' red ' ) , rule.add ( ' padding ' , ' 10 px ' ) , but also keeps track of CSS token positions and inherits formatting rules for newly created properties .
You can actually create an Emmet extension and reuse this module to automate your CSS modification tasks ( for example , like in the Update Image Size action ) .
Performance
As described earlier , LiveStyle does n’t simply swap CSS content , it parses CSS into a tree , compares it with its previous state and generates a special patch .
On the other end , it also has to parse CSS , locate proper place to patch , analyze your coding style and then create patched CSS source .
And everything must be done after each keystroke which means that LiveStyle should be fast — blazingly fast .
I had to use some advanced tricks to make this possible ; I had to optimize for Garbage Collector , optimize for JIT , optimize function inlining and even multi- threading programming .
JavaScript Optimization
LiveStyle is written entirely in JavaScript .
Thanks to Google DevOps , we have a brilliant V8 JavaScript engine ( powers Chrome and PyV8 , used to run JS in Sublime Text ) and DevTools for debugging JS performance .
V8 can run JavaScript very fast , but it ’s not a magic box .
We have to obey some rules to make it work that way .
The very first thing we need to be able to start optimization is a working product , covered by unit tests .
“ Premature optimization is the root of all evil ” , you know .
Once we have our product up and running , start using Profiler to determine slow parts of your code .
Chrome and Firefox have awesome built - in profiles and many tutorials on how to use them , so this should n’t be a problem .
Among other things , the great performance boost was achieved by replacing array iterators like Array .
forEach with plain loops in critical parts of the performance .
This technique is called “ Inlining ” .
Plain loops are much faster than native implementations of Array .
forEach and some libraries like Lo - Dash use the very same technique to run faster .
Despite the fact that I ’ve heavily used Lo - Dash in LiveStyle , I did use plain loops in performance - critical parts since every function call has its own small performance penalty .
As soon as all parts were optimized , the slowest process was the garbage collection ( GC ) .
GC is a process of removing unneeded data from memory .
In JavaScript , we do n’t have direct access to the garbage collector so we can’t , for example , delay its execution and explicitly call it again later .
The only thing we can do here is to avoid producing so much garbage .
Consider the following example :
function getSize ( obj ) { return { width : obj.left - obj.right , height : obj.bottom - obj.top } ; } var size = getSize ( parent ) ; child.style .
width = size .
width ; child.style .height = size . height ;
In this example , we use the getSize ( ) function as the utility method to calculate width and height from the given object .
While this example is pretty simple , it actually produces a lot of garbage ;
If we called the getSize ( ) method , say , 10,000 times , it will generate 10,000 objects that are not required for further program execution , so they must be collected by the GC .
A better implementation of the getSize ( ) function may look like this :
var _size = {} ; function getSize ( obj ) { _size .
width = obj.left - obj.right ; _size.height = obj.bottom - obj.top ; return _size ; }
In this example , even if the getSize ( ) function is called 100,000 times , only one object will be created in the memory — which greatly reduces GC calls .
I achieved a huge performance boost with all of these manipulations , and it still was n’t the end .
Now , we can make our app run even faster with the help of the just - in - time ( JIT ) compiler .
Since LiveStyle parses CSS , it creates a lot token objects that should be accessed by the patcher very often .
I analyzed my code and saw that these token objects are modified during runtime , e.g. new properties were added to some of these objects .
V8 ’s JIT optimizer has a so - called “ Hidden Class ” feature , a special assembly that optimizes access to properties of similar objects .
And every time we add a new property to an existing object , we break this optimization .
So I made my general optimization : I rewrote part of LiveStyle ’s engine so token objects could be automatically created with all of the properties required in advance and that these objects can be reused across different parts of the app , which reduces garbage collection in general .
About a half of this enormous performance boost was achieved by optimizing JS for V8 internals .
In order to demonstrate how much the LiveStyle performance boost was optimized , here are some numbers from my MacBook Air :
Creating patch from 15 Kb CSS source : 18 ms
Applying patch on 584 Kb CSS source : 212 ms
Pretty good I ’d say , assuming that most live reload tools need a 1 - second timeout before reloading the browser after a CSS file has been changed .
Future Plans
During the first days of public beta testing , LiveStyle proved that its patching algorithm is pretty stable and solid .
There have been no reports of broken CSS or invalid results .
In fact , LiveStyle actually helped some people to find bugs in their CSS .
And there ’s still a lot of work left to do : Support more browsers and editors and , of course , add preprocessors support .
In the demo video above , you saw how the live bi-directional SCSS editing is done .
The editor changes in SCSS are instantly reflected in the browser ’s CSS , and browser changes in plain CSS are instantly pushed into the right places of SCSS .
But this is just an experiment demonstrating how powerful LiveStyle can be .
For real - world usage , it basically requires a new SCSS processor to be written .
So , I hope you ’ll find LiveStyle useful and spread the word !
If the community support is strong enough , I ’ll try my best to find funding for further development .
LiveStyle is currently free during public beta testing , but will be available for a small fee after its official release .
If you experience any issues with LiveStyle or have any suggestions , feel free to create a ticket at plugin repo .
Thanks !
Further Reading
Microsoft ( MSFT ) announced revenues topped $ 60 Billion for the year ended June 30 , 2008 , an increase of 18 % over last year .
This was the largest annual revenue growth since 1999 .
Profits were $ 17.6 billion , up more than 25 percent from a year ago .
Growing a Yahoo every year - Microsoft is strong and growing .
Revenues were up $ 9 Billion over last year .
Just to put that in context , Yahoo ( YHOO ) recorded total revenue of less than $ 7B for the whole year last year .
Microsoft is growing more than a Yahoo a year .
This is truly amazing .
All divisions reported strong increases .
Here is the breakdown of the 4th quarter numbers by group ;
Windows Client : Revenue $ 4.37 billion , up 15 percent ;
Profit 3.23 billion , up 16 percent .
Server & Tools : Revenue $ 3.74 billion , up 21 percent ;
Profit 1.37 billion , up 39 percent .
Online Services : Revenue $ 838 million , up 24 percent .
Business Division ( Office ) : Revenue $ 5.26 billion , up 14 percent ; Profit $ 3.34 billion , up 12 percent .
Entertainment and Devices ( Xbox , Zune ) : Revenue $ 1.58 billion , up 37 percent .
Profitable for the full year .
Strong Growth - Management offered the following guidance for the full fiscal year ending June 30 , 2009 :
Revenue is expected to be in the range of $ 67.3 billion to $ 68.1 billion .
Operating income is expected to be in the range of $ 26.3 billion to $ 26.9 billion .
Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $ 2.12 to $ 2.18 .
All divisions are doing well and forecasting strong growth next year .
Microsoft 's cash balance stands at nearly $ 24 Billion , and is growing at over $ 1B per month .
Microsoft has been repurchasing common stock on the open market , totaling $ 12.5 Billion last year , and $ 27.5 Billion the year before .
These stock buy backs lower the number of outstanding shares , which in turn , increases the earnings per share .
PaidContent has some good analysis of the numbers .
Brazil ’s new environment minister , Carlos Minc is committed to serious punative action when it comes to the estimated 60,000 cows that are raised on illegally deforested land in the region of Amazonia .
In fact , cattle pasture now covers 7.8 % of the Amazon region , with an ever growing presence as worldwide demand for beef skyrockets .
Illegal cattle grazing helped Brazil become the world ’s largest beef exporter in 2004 , but after several years of declining deforestation rates in the Amazon , degradation of the rain forest is again on the rise .
The pressure to produce more and more has led many ranchers to ignore regulation .
It is rare to find a politician who is willing to stand up to an industry that is responsible for a significant portion of the GDP , but Minister Minc made good on his promises to crack down on illegal ranching last week when his office confiscated 3,100 cows from one rancher who used a nature reserve in the state of Para as pasture land , cutting away forest that got in the way of his cattle .
Not only is Minc committed to punishing those who clearcut the Amazon , he sees a use for the contraband livestock .
In his announcement of the ranch seizure , Mr. Minc reported that the cattle would be auctioned off to the highest bidder with proceeds directed towards Fome Zero – the national anti-hunger organization ( literally , “ zero hunger ” ) .
The money will also go toward helping indigenous health organizations and further livestock confiscation efforts .
The Brazilian government ’s environmental ministry , known as Ibama , reported that much of the Amazon ’s deforestation can be blamed on cattle farmers who ignore the boundaries of protected areas in search of ideal ranching land .
For example , the rancher involved in the seizure last week had already faced fines of close to US $ 2 million for illegal deforestation .
This move is an example of how environmental ministries must take decisive , punative action to stop the degradation that is fueled by in - demand industries such as ranching .
Environmentalists can combine their efforts with other government programs ( like Fome Zero ) to emphasize the connectedness of our environment to our food , housing and health .
Minister Minc is reclaiming deforested areas , raising money and awareness for the national anti-hunger campaign and making a strong statement to the agricultural community .
Brad Friedman Byon 6/28/2008 , 11:41 am PT
As I 've been on the road this week , Steve Heller ( a.k.a. the " Diebold Document Whistleblower " ) was kind enough to step in for me during my regular Friday guest stint on the Peter B. Collins Show .
While it 's perhaps a bit of a busman 's vacation , I made the mistake of quickly checking out the podcast of yesterday 's hour from my motel room after I got off the road last night , and though I 've heard ( and even told [ PDF ] )
Heller 's remarkable and heroic story a million times , I could n't stop listening to the interview .
Heller --- who , in addition to putting his life on the line for fair elections , is also now a colleague of mine , helping to head up our Velvet Revolution Election Strike Force --- is a helluva gifted and articulate spokesman on the issues of Election Integrity .
Feel free to listen up .
You 'll not regret the time well - spent .
Download the MP3 , or listen online below ( about 40 mins , w/ commercials removed courtesy of PBC affiliate Green960 ) ...
Creative Shopping bags of the World !!
It sells on Xray Handbag from Google Search
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
Court documents have revealed an internal valuation at Facebook Inc. far below the $ 15 billion cited publicly at the time of Microsoft Corp .'s investment in the popular social networking site , reflecting its immense strategic value in the eyes of the software giant .
A document filed June 13 as part of a lawsuit brought by founders of ConnectU Inc. against closely - held Facebook describes a " formal valuation resolution " approved by Facebook 's board of directors that valued its stock at " only one quarter of its apparent value based on Facebook 's public press releases , " or roughly $ 3.75 billion .
At the time of Microsoft's MSFT , - 1.04 % $ 240 million investment in Facebook last year , the companies said publicly they would be put toward a financing round that valued Facebook at $ 15 billion .
See related story .
The value of Palo Alto , Calif . - based Facebook , a company widely expected to offer shares to the public at some point and become Silicon Valley 's next big success story , has been at the heart of ConnectU 's case .
Details of the June 13 filing were reported Thursday in the online edition of the New York Times .
ConnectU 's founders had sued Facebook and its CEO Mark Zuckerberg for allegedly stealing the premise and source code for the company from them .
ConnectU eventually reached a settlement agreement with Facebook , but later unsuccessfully sought to disengage itself from that settlement .
Valuations of privately - held companies like Facebook , however , can be extremely subjective , as they are based on multiple factors and have relatively small groups of investors .
Microsoft 's investment at a $ 15 billion valuation therefore could be seen as justifiable for a number of reasons , including the in - depth look it now gets at ways online advertising works -- or does n't work -- on one of the most popular sites on the Internet .
In addition , Microsoft was also keen to keep Facebook out of the hands of powerful rivals such as Google Inc. GOOG , +0.32 %
Google has a similar relationship with Facebook rival MySpace , which is owned by News Corp.
NWS , - 3.57 % MarketWatch , the publisher of this report , is also a News Corp. property .
A Microsoft spokesman declined to comment .
Microsoft is in the midst of an ongoing struggle to bolster its online services and advertising presence in an effort to counter the dominance of Google .
Microsoft 's desire to counter Google was behind the its ultimately unsuccessful attempt to acquire mutual rival Yahoo Inc. YHOO .
Microsoft has since offered to acquire only Yahoo's search unit , while other strategic investments or limited acquisitions are also reportedly being discussed .
See related story .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Chinese climbers bearing the Olympic flame have reached the summit of Everest , the world 's highest mountain .
Chinese television showed the team of climbers , carrying special high - altitude torches , reaching the summit at 0920 local time ( 0120 GMT ) .
Huddled in the snow they unfurled flags and cheered for the cameras .
Correspondents say China is hoping the dramatic feat will counter some of the damaging publicity from the protests during the torch 's international relay .
Perfect conditions
The team - made up of both Tibetans and Han Chinese - set off several hours before dawn from their camp at 8,300m .
Low winds and a clear sky provided perfect climbing conditions for the six - hour ascent of the 8,848 m ( 29,030 feet ) high summit .
At the weekend heavy snowfall had prevented a previous attempt , and badly damaged several of the high - altitude camps .
The climbers , dressed in red padded anoraks bearing the Beijing Olympic logo , passed the flame between several torches as they traversed the icy slopes on the final steps to the summit .
Holding up Chinese and Olympic flags , they cheered " Beijing welcomes you ! " and " One World , One Dream " , the official slogan of the Beijing Olympics .
The first and last of the torch - bearers were Tibetan women .
" We have lit this torch on the top of the world for harmony and peace , " said one of the mountaineers .
Security was very tight for the event , with other climbers being banned from the top of Mount Everest , which is known in China as Mount Qomolangma .
Both China and Nepal sealed off their sides of the mountain and the ascent organisers kept the exact plans a secret because of fears it might draw protests from pro-Tibet activists .
Human rights activists have been angered by the crackdown on anti-Beijing protests in Tibetan areas of China in March that turned violent .
The main Olympic torch , which is running separately , is continuing its relay through China .
It was carried through the southern city of Guangzhou on Wednesday past cheering crowds with no reports of disruptions .
It is scheduled to visit every province in China before arriving in Beijing several days before the Olympics begin on 8 August .
The international leg of the torch 's tour was marred by protests in several cities - including London , Paris and San Francisco - by activists critical of China 's human rights record .
Texas approves major new wind power project Associated Press
Published : Friday July 18 , 2008
Print This Email This By JIM VERTUNO AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) 
Texas , headquarters of America 's oil industry , is about to stake a fortune on wind power .
In what experts say is the biggest investment in the clean and renewable energy in U.S. history , utility officials in the Lone Star State gave preliminary approval Thursday to a $ 4.9 billion plan to build new transmission lines to carry wind - generated electricity from gusty West Texas to urban areas like Dallas .
" People think about oil wells and football in Texas , but in 10 years they 'll look back and say this was a brilliant thing to do , " said Patrick Woodson , vice president of E.On Climate & Renewables North America , which has about 1,200 megawatts of wind projects already in use or on the drawing board in Texas .
Texas is already the national leader in wind power , generating about 5,000 megawatts .
But wind - energy advocates say the lack of transmission lines has kept a lot of that power from being put to use and has hindered the building of more turbines .
Supporters say Thursday's 2 - 1 vote by the Texas Public Utility Commission is critical to getting that energy to more people .
" We will add more wind than the 14 states following Texas combined , " said PUC Commissioner Paul Hudson .
" I think that 's a very extraordinary achievement .
Some think we have n't gone far enough , some think we 've pushed too far . "
Most of Texas ' wind - energy production is in petroleum - producing West Texas , where nearly 4,000 wind turbines tower over oil pump jacks and capture the breeze that blows across the flat and largely barren landscape .
The new plan would not directly build a slew of new turbines , but would add transmission lines capable of moving about 18,000 megawatts .
One expert said that is enough to power more than 4 million Texas homes .
Supporters predict the plan will spur new wind power projects , create jobs , reduce pollution and lower energy costs .
Texans pay some of the highest electric rates in the country , in part because of congested transmission lines .
Texas electric customers will bear the cost of construction over the next several years , paying about $ 3 or $ 4 more per month on their bills , according to Tom Smith , state director of the consumer group Public Citizen .
But he predicted that increase would easily be offset by lower energy prices .
Smith called Texas ' current transmission lines a " two - lane dirt road " compared to the " renewable energy superhighway " the plan would build .
" We have all these wind plants up and operating .
What we 're asking for is the superhighway to get the energy to the cities , " Smith said .
" This will send signals to manufacturers all across the world Texas is ready to be a world - class player in renewable energy . "
The plan still needs to receive final approval later this year from the PUC .
The transmission lines would not be up and running for three to five years .
Who would build them and other details have yet to be worked out .
Environmentalists and landowners have launched protests against wind turbines from Cape Cod in Massachusetts to Idaho and Texas ' South Padre Island , complaining that wind turbines spoil the view and threaten migrating birds .
But the turbines are already in West Texas , a sparsely populated region already pockmarked with oil drilling and exploration equipment .
And this project will build only transmission lines .
PUC Commissioner Julie Caruthers Parsley was the lone dissenter , arguing the plan may add too much power for the electric grid to handle .
She also worried it could delay other projects , such as construction of nuclear reactors .
The conservative Texas Public Policy Foundation said companies that build wind and solar farms should bear more of the cost of the new lines , and it warned that those power sources cannot be expected to consistently produce abundant energy .
Even with the run-up in natural gas prices , more gas plants would be a good backup " because the sun does n't shine and the wind does n't blow all the time , " said Drew Thornley , a policy analyst for the organization .
The wind energy industry has benefited from the support of billionaire oilman T. Boone Pickens , who is planning to build the world 's largest wind farm on about 200,000 acres in the Texas Panhandle .
When completed , Pickens ' 2,700 turbines will be capable of producing enough electricity to power 1.3 million homes .
Pickens has become an evangelist for wind power as a way to break the nation 's dependence on foreign oil , launching an advertising blitz in which he warned : " I 've been an oilman all my life , but this is one emergency we can't drill our way out of . "
" It 's a good decision , " Pickens spokesman Jay Rosser said of Thursday 's PUC vote .
" It recognizes the important role wind in Texas will play in meeting the state 's growing energy and energy stability needs . "
Associated Press reporter Betsy Blaney in Lubbock contributed to this report .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - The Los Angeles Times will slash 250 jobs , including 150 in the newsroom , and trim its published pages by 15 percent in an effort to save money in the face of declining revenues , the newspaper said on Wednesday .
The cuts are the latest in a series for the Times , which will have whittled its newsroom from nearly 1,200 reporters in 2000 to just over 700 as circulation and advertising revenues have faded in the face of competition from the Internet .
Most of the business - side positions had already been eliminated and the editorial jobs will be gone by Labor Day , in time for the Times to combine its print and Web newsrooms , the newspaper said .
The Times also intends to roll out new redesigned versions of both its print and Web editions .
“ These moves will be difficult and painful , ” Editor Russ Stanton said in a memo to the staff .
“ But it is absolutely crucial that as we move through this process , we must maintain our ambition and our determination to produce the highest - quality journalism in print and online , every day . ”
The Times said in a separate story on the website that the editorial cuts amounted to about 17 percent of the staff .
Publisher David Hiller told the paper that the goal of the cutbacks was long - term survival .
“ We want to get ahead of the economy that ’s been rolling down on us and get to a size that will be sustainable , ” Hiller said , adding that he expected the downturn to “ bottom out ” by early 2009 .
$ 13 BILLION IN DEBT
The layoffs are part of a wider effort at Tribune to reduce expenses as it labors under some $ 13 billion in debt -- a good portion coming from an $ 8.2 billion buyout led by Chicago real estate tycoon Sam Zell that took Tribune off the public market .
Some debt analysts say Tribune could default on its debt as early as next year .
According to Reuters Loan Pricing Corp , the company needs to repay at least $ 1.6 billion of its loan facilities in 2008 and 2009 .
The Chicago - based company has been selling off properties and is looking to divest even more , including the Chicago Cubs baseball team and Wrigley Field .
It agreed in May to sell New York Newsday , its Long Island - based paper , to Cablevision Systems Corp for $ 650 million .
Morale at the paper has also been rocked by the departure of a string of editors and publishers who had resisted orders from Tribune to lower costs .
Former publisher Jeffrey Johnson and former editor Dean Baquet both left the paper in 2006 , as did Baquet ’s replacement , Jim O’Shea .
Before Wednesday , the most recent round of cuts came in February , when the paper lost 100 jobs , 40 in the newsroom .
Tribune ’s problems mirror that at other U.S. newspapers : revenue is falling , dragging profit margins along with it , as advertisers flee to the Internet .
Newspapers in California and Florida are suffering especially as the downturn in the housing market cuts into advertising revenue .
Other Tribune newspapers are sharing in the pain .
Tribune will cut 100 jobs at The Sun in Baltimore and 60 jobs at the Hartford Courant in Connecticut .
Elsewhere in the industry , McClatchy Co , which publishes the Miami Herald and Sacramento Bee , said last month it would slash about 10 percent of its staff .
The Boston Herald and Cox Newspapers also are cutting back , as are the New York Times and Washington Post .
NAB 's decision to book an $ 830 million charge against $ 1.2 billion of US home loan exposure to carry write - downs to 90 % of the original value sends an extremely gloomy message to the global banking system and the world 's sharemarkets .
NAB chief executive John Stewart says it is a worst - case view .
Investors everywhere will have to hang on and hope it is not confirmed .
NAB 's write - down relates to indirect " conduit " exposure to US mortgages , and reflects NAB 's view about how the US housing market slump will unfold over two or three years , as defaults continue to rise , the queue of unsold houses continues to lengthen , and forced sales generate nowhere near enough to cover the mortgage .
In some cases , sales were recouping as little as 50 % of the outstanding mortgage , Stewart said yesterday .
The write - down reflects two ultra-conservative calls .
First , the bank is valuing its US mortgage exposure on a worst - case view of how that process of defaults and forced house sales occurs .
Second , it has decided , after some internal discussion , to front - load the expected losses , instead of trickling them out .
There is no way NAB 's 90 % write - down will be mirrored by every bank with US mortgage exposure .
Measured by the mortgage debt , the US housing market is worth about $ US5000 billion ( $ A5212 billion ) .
It simply is not going to fall to 10 % , or $ US50 billion .
By Mark Kinver
Science and nature reporter , BBC News
England 's biggest colony of puffins has seen the birds ' numbers fall by a third in just five years , a survey shows .
Experts had expected to see a slight increase in the population on the Farne Islands , owned by the National Trust .
The Trust says the size of the decline is unprecedented , adding that it will carry out another survey in 2008 in order to monitor the situation .
One theory is that many of the birds are dying from starvation during the eight months they spend at sea .
" We were expecting a slight increase because since the last survey in 2003 , we had a number of good years for puffins , " explained David Steel , the Trust 's head warden on the islands .
" There were plenty of chicks fledging from the nests , so we were not only getting enough to maintain the population , but increase it .
" But something is going badly wrong somewhere . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Winter losses
The three - month survey , carried out on eight of the islands , recorded 36,500 breeding pairs .
The previous survey , which was conducted in 2003 , counted 55,674 pairs .
The population of puffins on the Farne Islands had been growing steadily Mr Steel told BBC News that there was no visible explanation for the decline on the islands .
" There was no evidence that they were having difficulties .
" The birds had been bringing in good quantities of food , and there was not a predator problem on the islands . "
One suggestion for the downturn is the survival rate over the winter months , when the puffins spend eight months at sea .
" The dramatic decline on the Farnes leaves no doubt that the North Sea has lost a substantial number of its puffins , " explained Professor Mike Harris , emeritus fellow at the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology .
" With poor survival of adult birds a likely factor in the decline , we urgently need to know more about puffins during the eight months of the year that they spend in the open sea . "
The results reflect the findings of an earlier survey on the Isle of May , in the Firth of Forth - the UK 's largest puffin colony .
Published in June , it also showed a decline of about 30 % .
David Steel said this year 's results had left his team feeling anxious about the puffin population on the Farne Islands .
" This colony is the fourth largest in Britain , so to see it experience such a decline is a worry . "
In order to monitor the situation , Mr Steel said the Trust would carry out another survey next year .
" We are going to target the islands that saw the biggest decreases , " he explained .
Puffins nest in burrows , so their numbers are assessed by counting the number of occupied burrows , after the birds have cleaned out their nests and before vegetation begins to grow over .
Mr Steel explained : " We can then compare them with this year 's results because we actually have 20 square metres on each island mapped , so we can go back to a particular spot and see what the impact is next year .
" Hopefully , we can now judge it on an annual basis and keep a much closer eye on things . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Upon entering Japan you 'll soon discover an unusual trait of Japanese -- they can in a way both insult you and compliment you at the same time .
One good example is that on top of a few Japanese " Love Hotels " ( which are hotels decked out in glittery pink neon and rent rooms by the hour or night for obvious reasons ) you will find a big Statue of Liberty .
( photo )
It may be flattering that such an American symbol is taken for " liberty " , but at the same time to see it on top of a sleazy hotel is a little disconcerting .
In the same way , the westerner coming to Japan will right from the airport be drowned in the " compliment " Nihongo wa jouzu desu neh , or " Your Japanese is so good " .
It 's usually spoken in a " Look Mom , the horse can do math problems " kind of way -- slightly condecending .
The problem with all this is that it is put on you a thousand times a day , every time you open your mouth , in exactly those same words -- never once said in a different way .
And the fact that it has nothing to do with your Japanese ability .
In fact , the better your Japanese gets , the less you hear it .
Even more demeaning is hearing " O - hashi wa jouzu desu neh " which means you can use chopsticks well .
The fact that a 4 or 5 year old Japanese child is supposed to use them easily but you 're never expected to know how is a slight few Japanese are " international " enough to realize .
To the Japanese , they are not consciously looking down on you , but rather trying to establish rapport through bombarding you with things they think you like to hear .
It 's important not to get upset about this and just as they would , play humble by denying the praise over and over .
All of that is relatively benign .
The real problem is dealing with the occasional neanderthal where even if you have attained near native fluency they still have a " See - White - Face , Hear - Japanese , Does - Not - Compute " mentality , or the elitist complaining how you foreigners never bother to learn Japanese , and then you come along speaking fluent Japanese and they insist in doing all communication in English .
The reason being that more conservative types see language as race , and race as language , and when there is someone not part of the group suddenly among " us " , they unconsciously feel a threat .
There are not many countries where race and nationality are closely tied together .
Dealing with such Groupthink is going to be a challenge , but while you never have to like it you 're going to have to deal with it .
Many Japanese view westerners on two levels -- if you are taken as a temporary visitor , they nearly always treat you extremely warmly and helpfully ; even lavishly .
But if you are someone trying to become a member of society , there can be quite a different attitude from some .
In contrast , other Asians are expected to pick up the Japanese language quickly , and there often is little tolerance for those that do not .
The term " gaijin " according to the dictionary means foreigner or alien , and literally means outsider .
In practice however , it always means " white person " .
Japanese use a lot of discrimination -- Chinese and Koreans are usually referred to by their nationality , not as " gaijin " , unless speaking in legal terms .
[ And whatever your complaints you may have , remember SE Asians have it far worse . ]
The gaijin = white person stereotype is so deeply ingrained into the Japanese psyche that when the Japanese go abroad they still refer to whites as gaijin , and despite using their passports , US dollars , and going through US Customs , they are still not consciously aware of Hawaii as being a US state .
Even though all Japanese know Michael Jackson and Tiger Woods are from America , it still does n't dispel their notion that ALL Americans are blue - eyed blonds .
Many Europeans or Australians in fact chafe at the immediate assumption in Japan that at first sight they are all American .
The term " gaijin " is not in itself pejorative ( though it can be used that way ) , but when one Japanese tells another he 's doing something like a foreigner it's a strong put - down .
Many Japanese ex-pats who 've lived abroad are viewed supiciously .
If one 's English is " too good " , he might be ostracized .
For Japanese children who 've spent time abroad and can speak English fluently ( kikoku shijo ) , bullying from classmates can be swift and cruel .
There are also more than a few binational children in private international schools because of the mistreatment they had in Japanese schools .
There is one exception though -- the Celebrity Factor .
If one becomes a Japanese celebrity , singer , actor / actress , etc. , then paradoxically all is forgiven .
Then the cruelty is turned on its ear and you become a paragon of Japanese achievement .
This all sounds contradictory , but the Japanese sometimes follow such an irrational and unpredictable course .
It is important not to make a mountain out of a molehill , however .
Some ex-pats start foaming at the mouth describing how on trains Japanese prefer to stand then take the last seat next to the foreigner , or going to a restaurant the nervous waitress rushes over to take away your chopsticks and bring you a spoon .
While that certainly could be called discrimination and feeling some irritation is understandable , if that is the worst treatment you get then consider yourself lucky , as far as being a minority in a foreign country goes .
There is the way things are and the way we'd like them to be .
The reality and the facade .
The real reason and the pretext .
The substance and the form .
Being direct and being diplomatic .
And the truth and the white lie .
In short , that is honne and tatemae , respectively .
Since avoiding conflict and trouble is extremely important in Japan , using diplomatic language is often used rather than the direct approach .
It 's said that in formal situations a direct " No " is avoided and there are a thousand nicer alternatives -- which can be true , but it depends a lot on the situation and social status of the parties involved .
Some westerners unfairly call this deceptive , but this shows more ignorance of how the culture and language are intertwined .
Japanese may say things very politely and vaguely , but if the meaning is not clear it 's perfectly acceptable to ask for clarification .
But while we in the west judge tatemae to be cake icing and hypocrisy , the Japanese have elavated it into an art .
Sometimes , anyway .
When it comes to creating a reason , in some cases the Japanese seem to have left their reasoning on Pluto .
Like blocking European ski equipment from the Japanese market because " Japanese snow is different " .
In fact , almost every " reason " for not importing foreign goods is crammed full of it .
While many so - called Japan " experts " tell the world about how much Japanese stress " harmony " , the reality is that they push THE IMAGE OF harmony .
What lies beneath may be completely different .
" Let 's have dinner together sometime . " -- A Culture Clash
In the west when someone says to another " let 's have dinner together sometime " , it usually means " let 's have dinner together sometime " .
Sounds like an invitation , does n't it ?
And if you 're new in town , do n't have a lot of friends yet , or looking for a date , it sounds even better .
Unfortunately , if a Japanese person says that or " Come over to my place sometime " to you , what he / she really might mean is " I hope we get along well together . "
( In fact this is often said of Kyoto people , whose Japanese sounds among the Japanese to be extra refined and polite , and empty invitations are legendary ) .
Is that more than a little confusing ?
I had 2 big shocks from this myself .
When I first started working at a company , I had one secretary ( the cute one everybody wanted to date ) tell me this .
Now , if the other 5 or 6 secretaries all said the same thing to me as a matter of etiquette , it would be obvious immediately .
But only one did , and after agreeing on a date and time , I got stood up .
I dismissed it as a misunderstanding , but when a similar situation occured again later , the message was clear .
So let this be a caution -- take offers with a pillar of salt .
Unless specifics like a date and time are mentioned , do n't hold your breath .
If you 're really interested , leave your phone number , tell the person to call you anytime , but do n't sit waiting by the phone Saturday night .
Once you adjust your thinking from romance language syntax ( subject - verb - object ) to the Japanese syntax ( subject - object - verb ) , Japanese is easy to learn .
Understanding it is a different matter though .
How 's that ?
In Japan , a part of tatemae is speaking diplomatically , and what is not said may be more important than what is .
There are also a certain number of fixed phrases that translated directly do n't mean a lot .
" That 's a little difficult " ( Sore wa chotto muzukashii ) really means " No way ! " .
" I 'll think about it " ( Kangaete okimasu ) is a declination or refusal .
And " Yoroshiku o- negai shimasu " can mean " pleased to meet you " , " with my best regards " , or " I leave it in your hands , please do your best " .
Why do n't they just say " no " when they mean no , you ask ?
How western of you .
We might like it more but in Japan it 's not part of the culture -- besides that , there 's always a 1 in 100 chance that the situation might change and then you might say yes -- so why burn your bridges behind you ?
Japanese society has two concurrent streams that frequently bump heads and the result as you can guess is friction , tension and stress .
One current is protecting your own privacy , following your dream , and doing things your own way at your own pace .
Facing this is the overwhelming social pressure to conform , follow the rules , and make sure everyone else is in the same boat as you .
With big Japanese cities having extemely high population densities , personal space is scarce , and with little space in front of you many Japanese retreat to the only space they can ; inside their heads .
Becoming introverted , shy and withdrawn is not atypical .
There are exceptions to this of course ; some young people love to associate with westerners because of this and they can more freely express themselves and not have to worry about being looked down as too gregarious .
Liquor consumption is also high in Japan and used as a social lubricant to loosen up .
But privacy in Japan is a precious commodity , for cultural as well as demographic reasons , and nobody likes someone to butt into your life .
Unfortunately pushing everyone to rigidly conform often does just that , and many Japanese take it upon themselves to make sure everyone is in lock - step with one another .
Most often , like many things in Japan it is done indirectly , such as through gossiping , backbiting and meddling .
Hence in Japanese there 's a plethora of terms referring to a nosy busybody , such as osekkai , sewa yaki , kansho - zuki , yakkai na sewa , and deshabari .
This is viewed in different ways of course .
In the ivory tower books on Japan there is the company superior who is also your counselor , paving your way to a better future , getting that reservation at a popular place or bank loan for you , etc .
But there may also be the company autocrat who tries to know everything about you to manipulate you or run your social life , and for women can even cross the line into sexual harassment ( seku hara ) .
The term goatism comes from scapegoat , and for a time was a frequently used buzzword by the Japanese .
Japanese also have very positive traits , but this is not one of them .
In many instances , Japanese love to think of themselves as the victim -- when trade frictions grow , when international criticism of Japanese stances mounts , or especially when it comes to responsibility for WWII , Japanese often retreat into a scapegoat or persecution complex .
The fact that their export frenzies and occasional cases of dumping have brought hardship and unemployment in their target countries rarely dawns on them .
Perhaps the best example of this was 20 years ago when Mitsubishi and Hitachi were accused of espionage against IBM to gain industrial secrets .
Yet in the Japanese press IBM was villified of hatching a plot of entrapment along with the FBI against 2 innocent and successful Japanese firms .
The Japanese are just doing their best , producing things people want .
What could possibly be wrong with that ?
Ok , boys and girls , it 's test time !
Ever see the Borg on Star Trek ?
Ever wonder if the Japanese are really the Borg in disguise ?
See if you can tell which said the following statements !
" Let 's all live in a harmonious society " ( whether you like it or not ) .
" We only wish to raise quality of life " .
" We are not Saracens , we do not come as invaders to sow desolation ... we offer our knowhow , better quality of life , greater reliability , and the beauty of sound and image . "
" You 're just raw material to them . "
" You will be assimilated !!
Resistance is futile !!! "
A little tough ?
The first and third are from Japan -- the third was a full page ad in the French newspaper Le Monde after growing criticism that Japanese mass - exports of VCRs to France were seriously hurting the economy and draining foreign exchange reserves .
But the Japanese have extreme difficulty in seeing things objectively when Japan is involved .
When things go well , the whole world is just jealous at how hard Japanese work .
When things go bad , suddenly it has n't anything to do with me .
When the Japanese military in WWII overran other forces , the whole country rejoiced .
When the war was lost , it was the army that was guilty , not me .
This attitude is still in the A - bomb Museums in Nagasaki and Hiroshima -- never a word about the war or its causes ; only one day the Japanese went out to work as usual and this big bad bomb was dropped on them .
Want to know what happens when some Japanese brings up the subject ?
Look at a former mayor of Nagasaki , Hitoshi Motoshima -- he made a statement that Japanese should discuss Hirohito 's role and possible amount of guilt , and a right - wing kook promptly shot him .
So much for a debate in Japan .
Many Japanese have their noses so hard - pressed against the grindstone that they can't see the forest for the trees .
The majority of Japanese are not well educated or are indifferent about the past .
And many Japanese wonder why many SE Asians still harbor ill - will towards Japan .
Periodically , without fail , some Japanese politician makes a remark that Japan 's " advance " into Asia ( not " invasion " -- that term was purged from textbooks by the Japanese Ministry of Education ) was all well intentioned , and the Rape of Nanking et al either never happened or was grossly exaggerated .
And this view does n't come from the kook fringe , it comes from the elite leading the country .
If this is the way Japan 's leaders act , it 's no surprise that other nations still hold a grudge .
Until recently all Japanese music was banned in Korea .
And the Chinese , despite having a massive superiority in military might as well as nuclear weapons , is still hypersensitive when it sees anything like an active military in Japan .
That said , there is no shortage of nuts online who unfairly blame today 's Japanese for what happened over 75 years ago .
It is not relevant to present lives today , and would be like constantly blaming today 's Americans for the genocide against native Americans , or today 's British for the atrocities against Indians in the 19th century .
Of course , the subject is never brought up in Japan .
The image of harmony is very important , and so the Japanese try to avoid open conflict wherever possible .
And to be fair , the Japanese may have a lot of Groupthink , but no , they do n't all act as one like The Borg .
The stereotype of " Japan Inc. " is false -- within the government , the parties , the companies , and the company departments you find sub - groups , all working strongly against eachother for more money , budget , power , etc .
Only when the diverse groups agree on something ( like keeping foreign goods out as much as possible ) is anything decided and implemented quickly .
The Japanese are NOT hate - mongers , it must be re-iterated ; they do n't froth at the mouth when you bring up these subjects , rather they think what they are taught to think .
You 'll find the Japanese are very open , gracious and kind to westerners in Japan .
On television Japanese spend a lot of time patting eachother on the back on how supposedly " unique " they are .
The problem comes when someone in charge takes that one step further and thinks unique is really " superior " .
The term " giseisha " means victim , or sacrifice .
It is also used when things do n't go the right way .
No one wants to take responsibility for reform in Japan if it offends those who pull the strings ( even if it benefits the nation as a whole ) .
" Gaiatsu " , or pressure from abroad ( usually for political reform the Japanese bureaucrats are too constipated to do themselves ) , is often used as a whipping boy .
Japanese also have one other noticeable trait -- the Urami Complex .
Urami means envy , and Japanese are keenly aware of what others in their group have or get .
Many Japanese motives are based on envy , and while equality in the west means a fair chance for all , in Japan it 's more like spoiled children thinking , " if I ca n't have it , neither can anyone else " .
Japanese society itself has been pictured as a round table , with everyone sitting around it -- and viewing what everyone else has or does .
Being branded as someone who causes trouble ( meiwaku ) is the worst scarlet letter ( even if you are just standing up for yourself ) and almost carries the stigma of child killer in the West .
Lots is spoken about harmony and being equals in a group .
So in office politics there might appear to be a lot of non-committal attitudes and indifference , and lots of smiles and superficial agreements to avoid open conflict .
But not everyone can end up as CEO or section manager , etc . so there must be a weeding out along the way .
Behind the smiles and polite courtesies there are often feelings of resentment and stress , often from being in a cramped room with others for 5 - 7 days a week , as well as from jockeying for position on who 'll get promoted .
If the Japanese are really so happy and harmonious , why are so many gulping down liquor and chain - smoking their lungs out every day , not to mention the suicide rates being one of the highest in the world ?
Behind the veneer you 'll find a lot of stress and pressure which is kept well hidden .
6. Amae - Dependency
Amae means basically dependence .
In Japan , mavericks and lone - wolf types are very much frowned upon .
When Japanese go off alone to a foreign country or somewhere , many rapidly become insecure .
It 's no exaggeration to say that Japanese ( particularly women ) think on a more childlike level .
Again , this is a double - edged sword .
Japanese women undeniably have a lot of charm that comes from this .
But it has its drawbacks as well .
Douglas MacArthur made a remark that the Japanese should be treated like they 're all 12 years old - a highhanded , sweeping slam to be sure - yet still had a bit of truth in it .
And that was over 70 years ago .
That sounds condecending of course but these days you do n't exactly see a large number of western women wearing frilly , cute clothes or carrying around Mickey Mouse pencil cases and Hello Kitty notebooks well into their 30s .
Women are taught to act and look cute , not sophisticated ( not that all do , however ) .
Japanese pop music sounds like it was written by elementary school students , and pop-stars ( " idoru " , from idol ) are here today , gone tomorrow .
At any rate , amae is a fundamental characteristic of Japan - - one ( the ' kobun ' ) presumes on a superior ( the ' oyabun ' ) in a group , and a vertical , symbiotic relationship is created .
It often occurs when one joins a company or school , and a person needs something and to get integrated into a comfortable niche very quickly .
The underling gets a channel to move upward and the superior gets someone to do their bidding .
And as part of a group , success is shared by all , and guilt is diffused when something goes wrong .
In the latter case , it can be detrimental because it 's impossible to find out who is responsible , or for anyone to take responsibility .
Amae has several other manifestations .
Women are always portrayed as frail , delicate , or dainty in pictures , TV , movies , and music .
And in adult videos women are treated like trash who are just asking for it .
When movies are dubbed in Japanese , the women 's voices are always abnormally high ; the men's are very low .
The same for women announcers .
And regarding all the overblown praise you still hear ad nauseum about Japan 's " lifetime employment system " , in reality it only applied at best to about a third of the Japanese workforce , namely elite white collar workers and unionized blue collar workers in large companies .
With Japan 's economy flatlined for over 20 years , it is even less true today .
It does not apply to women , and it certainly does not apply to foreigners .
Women are relegated to being " Office Ladies " , or " OL " , doing minor clerical duties , making tea , and being wallflowers ( shokuba no hana ) .
When they reach their 30s or if they marry they are often coerced to quit .
With Japan 's population in decline and needing workers however , this may finally be changing .
A take - charge woman in Japan will not get as much help or attention as a cutesy airhead who always needs the help of some big , strong , kind Japanese man .
And why are things like this ?
Perhaps it 's because some men might actually have an even bigger ego - deficit than the women , despite appearances .
7. Tate - Shakai -- The Vertical Society
Tate Shakai means a vertically structured society , like the military or a caste system .
The phrase was made by Japanese sociologist Nakane Chie , who wrote a good book on it .
From 1600 until 1868 Japan was an officially segregated society with 5 classes of people .
At the top were the samurai , then the farmers , then the artisans , then the merchants , and finally the outcasts ( the grave diggers , leather tanners , etc. ) .
The system collapsed because by the end of the Shogunate rule the merchants had all the money .
Yet even today a shadow of this system is still around ; while a democracy on paper , the notion of Jeffersonian egalitarianism is still alien .
Everyone belongs to some group , and every group has people of superior rank and status .
The notion of boss and worker being perfect buddies after work without a thought of the company relationship for Japanese is impossible .
The language itself has many words for " I " and " you " , each showing how much respect ( or lack of ) one shows the other .
This trait also contributes to a strong materialist mentality in Japan ; of always trying to " keep up with the Jones " and many paying absurd prices for brand name and designer goods .
There are other manifestations also .
We 'd think universities exist to educate the students .
Yet in fact in Japan universities serve the needs of the professors more , who are given carte blanche for privileges while students are subjected to numerous excessive rules , and professors pay little regard to the quality of their classes .
( In Japanese colleges you can nearly sleep your way through and get straight A's though ) .
And some foreigners have quipped that the Mercedes that are illegally parked on the street get a lot fewer tickets than other cars -- that may or may not be true .
However , while in the US it 's a " government of the people , by the people , and for the people " in Japan it 's really a plutocratic government " of the rich , by the rich , and for the rich " .
8. Shikata ga Nai and Gaman - You Can't Fight City Hall
OR : Deru Kugi wa Utareru
( The nail that sticks up gets hammered down )
Shikata ga nai means " There 's nothing you can do about it " , and is often used by Japanese when they face a troubling situation they think they can't change .
It is in fact a strong form of brainwashing put on the Japanese from the day they 're born to conform and follow orders without question .
Again , this fits in with Tate Shakai in that the strong control the weak and the weak exist to serve the strong -- be it the almighty Company , or the Establishment .
You will find the Japanese do an enormous amount of complaining about things they can't change ( e.g. the weather ) , but put up and shut up about things they can ( e.g. political corruption , cronyism , unfair treatment by superiors , etc. ) .
At least until they 're full of liquor and you see their personality do a 180 .
By making the underlings feel powerless it is far easier to control them , make them work harder or give " voluntary overtime " ( work for free , which is illegal but many companies practice ) , sacrifice themselves more for the group , etc .
There are more than a few Japanese who would say their work or company takes over and consumes their lives .
In the West this would be seen as sinister , and it can be .
But to be objective , it also makes the Japanese tougher competitors in both Japanese and international markets .
If ever one falters , or feels he can't take it , he is told to put up with it ( gaman ) .
Gaman means to take it or be patient , and again , is a double - edged sword .
For Japanese it 's a source of great strength .
No matter how hard things get , they just keep fighting ( ganbaru ) .
This has allowed Japanese to overcome enormously difficult times , including natural disasters as well as a bad economy .
But on the negative side , there is also a time to cut your losses and reform -- and Japanese sometimes get blinded to this and fail to see when more fundamental structural changes need to be made .
9. Nihonjinron and Kokusaika - " We Japanese " and Internationalization
The term Nihonjinron ( or " Ware Ware Nihonjin " ) is a " We Japanese " mentality .
It is part of the Uchi-Soto mindset except it is almost always applied in a " Japanese and everyone else " kind of way .
Japan is the center of the world -- and if you buy a map of the world do n't be surprised to find Japan in the middle of it .
This can be very bewildering to westerners in Japan .
If there 's a Japanese news report of a plane crash somewhere in the world with 398 non-Japanese and 2 Japanese people , the news report will focus on the crash and then the lives , family , and friends of the 2 Japanese .
The rest of the people ?
They do n't exist .
They 're never even mentioned .
Another example is when 2 Japanese baseball players , Hideo Nomo and Hideki Irabu , made it on US teams .
Suddenly , you start seeing lots of major league baseball games on Japanese TV , with the promos blaring " Major League Baseball - - Nomo ! ! " as if he were the captain , manager , and God 's greatest gift to the team .
Other MLB games without Japanese players are not shown .
And all this in spite of the fact that Nomo became a persona non grata in Japan 's leagues because he wanted to throw the ball his way , not the way the manager dictated .
( Nomo now says he 'll never play baseball for a Japanese team ever again .
And he 's still hailed as the baseball hero of Japan . )
As stated , when Japan is involved in an issue , the Japanese often find it hard if not impossible to look objectively .
If a foreigner criticizes some act of corruption in the Japanese government , many Japanese will feel offended that this foreigner is attacking " us " .
In other words , in a society where show takes precedence over substance and getting along with the group is more important than work performance , there are more than a few Japanese who'd take anything even slightly negative against Japan as a sweeping condemnation of everything Japanese as well as insulting their mother 's honor , and might be answered with " then why do n't you just go home , you racist foreigner " .
Japanese do n't have a monopoly on this attitude by any means , but it can be quite surprising to suddenly get such a retort .
Hypocrisy is something attacked in the West , but in Japan it is often standard procedure .
Even today , when western nations ask Japan to open its markets ( to the benefit of the whole Japanese population ) , many Japanese initially see it as an attack on the Japanese way of life and culture .
Rice , the most heavily protected product in Japan , is the by far the biggest example of this .
The agricultural unions cranked up their propaganda machines about how rice is the soul of Japan and how " unsafe " foreign rice is .
And the Japanese people bought it hook , line and sinker .
The current recession is testing this notion however , and due to GATT Japan has been forced to grant " minimum access " to foreign rice .
The powerful yen also has sent many Japanese shopping overseas .
Yet instead of wondering why Japan is so expensive , the typical reaction is how weird it is that other nations are so cheap .
This old system , as well as attitude is slowly changing , however .
The term " Kokusaika " or " Internationalization " is another trendy buzzword being bounced around the country .
Everyone is supposed to become more international these days .
However , since the Japanese never bothered to define what exactly " international " is , it is just another vacuous idea .
To many Japanese women being international is carrying a Louis Vouitton bag and drinking Budweiser .
To others it 's meeting foreigners ( i.e. white people -- the rest of the world does n't matter ) and speaking English .
And many Japanese can't even picture anything of what " international " is supposed to be .
This is not surprising since many Japanese have n't a clue as to what " being Japanese " is either .
It is often the subject on tv shows .
McDonalds was first told they 'd never make it in Japan , since " Japanese eat rice - balls , not hamburgers " .
Coca - cola got the same message with green tea .
Now both have billions of dollars in revenue from Japan .
Some Japanese even ask Americans if Kentucky Fried Chicken is in America , as if it were a Japanese invention , or even ask if there are 4 seasons in your country , believing that Japan is the only nation in the world where the seasons change .
Since no working definition exists however , " being Japanese " usually means doing things the traditional way -- a backwards looking view .
Whenever some big reform happens , it 's always decried as anti-Japanese , but Japanese soon adapt and it disappears from mind .
And Japan is still Japan .
10 . The Iron Triangle and the Empty Center
OR : The Buck Never Stops
These terms are the lowest common denominators of how things run in Japan .
The Iron Triangle is the Japanese System -- the politicians , Big Business / Special Interests , and the bloated bureaucracy .
So who runs the country ?
None of them , really .
Each is engaged in a tug - of - war for their own interests .
The politicians want re-election , the bureaucrats want cushy jobs and bigger budgets ( and fight reform and any attempt to streamline themselves out of a job ) and Big Business / Special interests want protection , public works projects , subsidies , and freedom from the other 2 groups ' meddling .
And each coddles or lambastes the others to get what they want .
The bureaucratic ministries themselves are often at war with eachother , with one department or ministry fighting another in turf battles .
The winner gets more clout and a bigger budget .
What happens when something goes wrong ?
Each side points their fingers at the other , and plays the blame game .
Since Japanese do things by consensus , getting a consensus means a lot of negociation and horse - trading ( nemawashi ) .
In Japan even the smallest problem must turn into a major crisis before something is done about it .
Yet even then dithering is not unheard of .
In the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster , one of the worst in Japanese history and compared to Chernobyl , an independent investigation commission finally concluded that the crisis was a " man-made disaster " resulting from collusion between the facility 's operator , regulators and the government .
In fact the lead author lays the blame of the catastrophe directly on Japanese culture itself .
Kiyoshi Kurokawa , a former president of the Science Council of Japan , concluded , " What must be admitted -- very painfully -- is that this was a disaster ' Made in Japan . '
Its fundamental causes are to be found in the ingrained conventions of Japanese culture : our reflexive obedience ; our reluctance to question authority ; our devotion to ' sticking with the program . ' "
Suggesting that the mindset that supported the negligence at Fukushima " can be found across Japan , " Kurokawa also urged Japanese to " reflect on our responsibility as individuals in a democratic society . "
Even if some reform is passed , it 's up to the bureaucrats to implement it ; and by tacking on numerous procedures and red tape ( called gyosei shido , or " administrative guidance " ) they can severely water down its effects .
And since bureaucrats are not elected , and have lifetime careers instead of leave at the end of a political administration , progress has been glacial in many areas .
People vote for politicians who can bring home the most pork .
Fully 10 % of the Japanese people are employed in the construction industry , a major beneficiary of public - works spending .
With Japan 's post - war economic miracle and rapid urbanization , but no change in the distribution of political power , today 's dwindling rural voter has 4 votes to every urbanite -- and they continue to pursue protectionism and pork at the expense of everyone .
And politicians are more than happy to oblige for the votes .
Today Japan 's budget deficit is officially nearly 240 % of its $ 5 trillion GDP ( unofficial estimates put it at over 270 % of GDP ) and rising .
And these practices show no sign of ending soon .
And in many industries , the mafia ( yakuza ) carry considerable influence .
( For a comparitive study , look at Italy 's history for the last 100 years .
The parallels are uncanny ) .
All of this is not to conclude in totality Japanese culture is bad , wrong , or inferior .
Rather , that there is a severe flaw in the rigid , militaristic obedience and unquestioning Groupthink .
So how can such a system exist in a " democracy " ?
In part because there is no accountability or taking of responsibility -- nor any effective Freedom of Information Law where the public can see how its tax money is being spent .
In other nations , there is the public " right to know " , but in Japan info is only disclosed if there is a " need to know " , and so far the government feels the public does n't need to know .
Only in 2001 , after a full 22 years of Liberal - Democratic Party stonewalling , will any such law come into effect -- and the politicians and bureaucrats can still withhold any info if they feel there are " sufficient reasons " .
To sum up their attitude , one LDP Diet member warned that the law could give " a mistaken notion of direct supervision by the people " .
The Empty Center is another term for the Japanese System .
In short , the person at the top is not the person in charge .
The Prime Minister is not the most powerful man in the country , but the puppet - masters who put him there are .
The person with the most business contacts and bureaucrats in his hip pocket stays in the shadows and exerts influence from there .
This is not new .
Historically , for centuries the Emperor was a powerless figurehead -- it was the Shogun who ruled .
Yet to maintain order , the Shogun always said he ruled in the Emperor 's name -- never was there a declaration of a new dynasty .
Often when scandals errupt , it is the president of the company who resigns -- even if he did n't have any direct connection -- out of a sense of giri , or a duty to fufill social obligations .
In fact , by the time a proposal reaches the CEO , it 's more or less decided by the underlings and consensus already .
The top - down , take charge approach is not common in Japan .
However , for small companies and the like , the manager may exercise total control .
For you , maybe in a small school or firm , you might face a petty - dictator or a control - freak .
Power is the ultimate drug -- if you come here , you can't get it , but you may have to deal with those that are addicted to it .
Where do I fit in ?
For the foreign resident in Japan , the attitudes of the ex-pat actually goes through three predictable phases , of varying lengths 1 ) The Honeymoon Phase , 2 ) The Critical Phase 3 ) The Integrating Phase .
Let 's look at each of these --
The Honeymoon Phase
This always is the mindset of the eager foreigner who has just arrived , and usually lasts a few months to a year .
Every day in Japan is like a new day at Disneyland ; everything is new , there are lots of places to see and things to do , meeting the warm Japanese is always a joy .
Usually the language is n't much of a burden since you simply do n't know much of it and do n't worry about it .
It is these people who stay a short time , go home , and spread myths about Japan being a mystical Shangri - La , full of happy , happy people and money just lying in the street waiting for you to pick it up and make " Big Money Fast " .
The Critical Phase
For those that stay longer , they usually leave the Honeymoon and then enter the Critical Phase , which might last several months to even a few years .
The disillusionment of Japan not being a Paradise on Earth sets in hard , and the ex-pat encounters frustration at dealing with the language ( which is profoundly difficult ) , cultural differences , and Japanese social obstructions such as the constant treatment of being an Outsider , as well as the needless difficulties in finding an apartment , getting a loan or credit card , or functioning in society .
The ex-pat may also find that some of the young Japanese have been really friendly more to practice their own English than to become genuine friends .
The pleasures and joys of the things back home become missed more , and the realities of paying some of the highest prices on the planet become clear .
Meeting other ex-pats who vent their stress by attacking nearly everything about Japan may aggravate the trouble .
One does n't have to look hard on some internet discussion forum to find constant inane posts like " why do Japanese hate foreigners " - in spite of the fact that there are few to no other countries that are willing to help foreign visitors more .
Try naming some countries that welcome you more , without having some ulterior motive of ripping you off , screwing you over , or getting your money from you .
Not to mention that Japan is one of the most religiously tolerant nations in the world .
There are no rabid fundamentalists trying to force their religion down anyone 's throat , deny science , or push " family values " ( always their family 's , not yours ) ; nor are there a bunch of gun toting crazies always ranting about the " guvmint " .
Depending on the person , isolationism or alienation may also set in .
It is quite easy to spot an immature ex-pat by seeing how they make sweeping generalizations that all Japanese people are racist , cold , etc. and think they know everything there is to know about Japan because they just do the same things every day .
He may also believe he has all the answers to everything wrong with Japan and become more irate with the fact that Japan is n't following his brilliant conclusions .
These types who go home for good usually have little positive to say about Japan , spread misinformation about Japan on the internet and may permanently hold enmity toward it .
The Integrating Phase
If the ex-pat sticks it out though , and usually takes a periodic vacation to blow off steam , he will usually enter the Integrating Phase , the most objective of all .
He can see both the good and the bad of Japan and where he 's from , and learns to appreciate the best of both worlds .
This is the person who has matured more and is an asset to any company .
It is not unusual for long - term ex-pats to have a love - hate relationship with Japan , but over all , they have a stronger resilience as well as a greater tolerance than most people back home .
Different people of course will behave differently , and your mileage may vary .
It is important though to keep an open mind , to learn about yourself as well as Japan and where you 're from , and not to get bogged down with negativity .
And remember whatever problems you face , others like southeast Asians have it far harder .
It 's not unusual to learn as much about your own country as well since you can note the differences .
This then gives you a few of the more difficult cultural aspects of the Japanese .
Many of them may delight you and others may completely sour your stomach -- but remember that they may take your behavior as equally " uncivilized " , so there are always more than 2 ways to look at it .
In many of the aspects listed above , the Japanese do not have any kind of monopoly ; many traits could apply to other nations as well .
Nor are the Japanese all wind - up drones - you 'll find variety there , as anywhere ( though many bureaucrats would love to run things more like an ant colony ) .
Remember you 're not from Utopia either , and if you were , you would n't be thinking of coming to Japan .
Once again , for the " why - is - there - only - bad - things - in - the - newspapers " crowd , it 's necessary to re-state that what is listed here is not the whole of Japanese culture , only the things that are difficult -- Japan has many , many positive traits as well but these of course will not be problematic for those adjusting to Japan .
If only every single sentence above could start with " Japan is still overall a great place , but ... " without it getting redudant .
Your treatment will largely depend on your attitude - those who can keep things in perspective and maintain a certain tolerance will do far better than others who walk around with a chip on their shoulder .
On the whole , the Japanese people are very warm , helpful , and gracious to the western visitor .
One can attain a lot of personal growth as well as make a lot of good friends in Japan .
Only when the westerner stays here long enough and tries to go deeper into the Japanese society does the resistance begin .
Japanese Culture : A Primer For Newcomers , Â©1997 - 2004 All Rights Reserved .
Go to the whole version of The Japan FAQ : Know Before You Go .
Or go on to these other pages in The Japan FAQ Annex
counter reset
1/16/04
.. .. . . . . . . . . . .
How many popular economics books offer a message which is ( mostly ) true , non-trivial , and understandable ?
Michael Heller ’s The Gridlock Economy : How Too Much Ownership Wrecks Markets , Stops Innovation , and Costs Lives satisfies that troika .
The key message is that the " tragedy of the anti-commons " is often a bigger problem than the better - known tragedy of the commons .
The tragedy of the anti-commons arises when too many veto rights are exercised .
Here is one simple example :
Tarnation , a spunky documentary on growing up with a schizophrenic mother , originally cost $ 218 to make at home on the director ’s laptop .
It required an additional $ 230,000 for music clearances before it could be distributed .
Or try tracking down orphaned copyrights or proceeding without explicit permission .
Furthermore many new drugs are more costly to market , or end up not being marketed , because there are so many possible patent infringement issues .
By the way about half of the patents litigated to judgment are not upheld .
Too many interest groups have veto power over infrastructure development , such as wind power or a new oil refinery ( my examples ) .
The U.S. allocates its spectrum far less efficiently than either Japan or South Korea .
Holdouts lower the rate of property redevelopment ; I learned that The New York Times used eminent domain to build its new headquarters because otherwise assembling such a large parcel of land in midtown Manhattan was very difficult .
It all boils down to the story of too many tolls on the medieval Rhine .
Yes , the author does give full credit to Buchanan and Yoon for their work on the anti-commons .
Heller does not cover the deeper question of whether a society can respect minority rights to the desired degree without encountering too strong a problem of the anti-commons .
Most of us are for the right to appeal , for the right to a fair trial , for various courses of redress , for the right to sue , for basic rights of intellectual property , and so on .
Some set of interest groups has to support those regimes .
Can those interest groups be so empowered without the excesses outlined in this book ?
Would we still want to abolish the anti-commons problems if it led to a more general weakening of minority rights ?
The US military base at Guantanamo has housed prisoners since 2002
In the first ruling of its kind , a US court has overturned the designation of an inmate at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp as an " enemy combatant " .
The appeal court judges said the Pentagon must either free or transfer Huzaifa Parhat or hold a fresh hearing .
Mr Parhat , a Muslim from China , was captured in Afghanistan in 2001 and then sent to the US Guantanamo base .
The ruling is the latest setback for the Bush administration over its policy on Guantanamo detainees .
Earlier this month , a US Supreme Court ruling gave foreign suspects the right to challenge their detention at Guantanamo in the civilian courts .
Some 270 men are being held at the Guantanamo base in Cuba on suspicion of terrorism or links to al - Qaeda .
More than 190 of them have filed challenges with the US appeals court in Washington seeking to have their classification as enemy combatants overturned .
It 's a tremendous day ...
But he does n't even know about this ruling because he 's sitting in solitary confinement and we can't tell him about it
P Sabin Wilett
Lawyer for Huzaifa Parhat
Dilemma over Uighur detainees
The case of Huzaifa Parhat , an ethnic Uighur from Xinjiang province in China , was the first to be heard .
The US government argued he was a member of the Eastern Turkistan Islamic Movement , which it said had links to al - Qaeda .
But Mr Parhat 's lawyers said that he considered the Chinese government as his enemy and there was no evidence that he ever fought against US interests .
Uighur activists are seeking autonomy from China , and there are sporadic outbreaks of violence in the province .
Military decision ' invalid '
The ruling , by a three - judge panel at the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , was in response to a petition under the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005 .
This allows detainees a limited review of their status as " enemy combatants " .
" The court directed the government to release or transfer Parhat , or to expeditiously hold a new tribunal , " a notice from the court said .
The military 's decision that he was an enemy combatant was " invalid " , the court ruled .
The court also said that Mr Parhat could petition a federal judge for his immediate release in the light of the Supreme Court 's ruling on 12 June .
" It 's a tremendous day , " P Sabin Willett , a lawyer for Mr Parhat , was quoted as saying by the Los Angeles Times .
" But Huzaifa Parhat is now in his seventh year of imprisonment at Guantanamo Bay , and he does n't even know about this ruling because he 's sitting in solitary confinement and we can't tell him about it . "
A Pentagon spokesman said it was reviewing the court 's decision and considering the options .
Mr Parhat is one of 17 Uighurs still being held at Guantanamo , even though the US authorities acknowledge that they pose no threat .
Their case has become a diplomatic and legal headache for the US , which has tried to find a country willing to accept the Uighurs at the same time as defending its decision to hold them as enemy combatants .
In 2006 , five Uighurs were released from Guantanamo and allowed to seek asylum in Albania after the US said they could not be returned to China as they would face persecution there .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
WASHINGTON – Voters did not hand Democrats control of Congress two years ago in order to impeach President Bush , said Democratic National Committee chairman Howard Dean Wednesday .
Dean was responding to questions about the Articles of Impeachment against Bush , introduced this week by Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D - Ohio , and signed by Rep. Robert Wexler , a Florida Democrat who sits on the House Judiciary Committee .
“ I ’m not embarrassed by the effort , ” Dean said during a breakfast meeting with reporters sponsored by the Christian Science Monitor .
Dean said he does not make any personal judgment about whether the president “ may or may not deserve to be impeached .
But Dean added : “ My view is that the American people hired us in 2006 because they did not like the direction that the country was going in and what they wanted to see was someone that was willing to do something positive and get something done in Washington that was for their benefit . ” 
“ They did n’t send us there to impeach the president , ”  Dean said .
Kucinich has said he wants the House to consider impeachment .
His Articles of Impeachment outline numerous allegations against President Bush , including what is claimed to be the creation of a massive propaganda campaign to mislead the nation into war with Iraq , the illegal use of torture during interrogation , the authorization of a warrantless wiretapping program on American citizens .
“ A decision by Congress to pursue impeachment is not an option , it is a sworn duty , ”  said Wexler , in a statement about why he signed the document .
Barack Obama , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , has said he is opposed to impeaching either Bush or Vice President Dick Cheney , which Kucinich and Wexler also have proposed .
Reporter Billy
House can be reached at [ email protected ] or at 1 ( 202 ) 662-7673 .
( Original Article )
News from the graduate summer show at the Royal College of Art in London .
Yuri Suzuki and the Prepared Turntable
Quite a few projects made my day over there .
The ones of Yuri Suzuki for example .
That guy is so talented it should be illegal .
He ’s an artist , musician and now a fresh graduate from the Design Products department .
His project is concerned with revamping and giving new forms and meanings to the almost obsolete turntable , a device which very few of us still have in their house .
We do n’t buy disks of CDs anymore either .
Nowadays music is more abstract and immaterial than ever .
Sound has been reduced to data .
Sound Chaser
Sound Chaser
Sound Chaser looks like a little toy train that rides on record rails .
You can align and connect each chipped pieces of second - hand records one to another and compose a new track that the train will play .
Tip Tap
The TipTap , developed in collaboration with Bahbak Hashemi -Nezhad , is a little hammer that reveals the dormant sounds around us .
A small metal tapper housed in the object taps out a rhythm on any object or surface that you hold it near to .
The rhythm is set either by the user or can be defined by the controller .
Alternatively , a beat can be taken from your favourite record , allowing you to play along while keeping perfectly in time .
The TipTap can also synchronise with other users to make a social tapping experience .
Prepared Truntable
The Prepared Turntable is an analogue answer to the digitalized DJ .
The turntable has 5 tone arms , each of which can have its volume controlled by its own fader .
Users can make or play music with special loop groove records .
Finger Player
The Finger Player is a wearable record player .
Insert your fingers into one of the little rings , play the record just by holding your hand over the disk and feel the physicality of making sound .
Sound Jewellery
Sound Jewellery conceives sound as something precious that you can offer to a friend or wear as a memory of a shared laugher , a romantic conversation , any sound moment from your daily life .
The record is made up of components which of course you can play but they can also be worn as bracelet , brooch or other pieces of jewellery .
Related : Turntable Orchestra , Computer / Turntable hybrid , The Turnatable Microwave , video turntable , the Tri-phonic Turntable , etc .
All images courtesy of Yuri Suzuki .
The works are on view at RCA until July 5 , 2008 .
Harnessing sunlight on the cheap
For a project that could be on the very cutting edge of renewable energy , this one is actually decidedly low tech -- and that 's the point .
A team of students , led by mechanical engineering graduate student Spencer Ahrens , has spent the last few months assembling a prototype for a concentrating solar power system they think could revolutionize the field .
It 's a 12 - foot - square mirrored dish capable of concentrating sunlight by a factor of 1,000 , built from simple , inexpensive industrial materials selected for price , durability and ease of assembly rather than for optimum performance .
Rather than aiming for a smooth parabolic surface that would bring the sunlight to a perfect focus , the dish is being made with 10 - inch - wide by 12 - foot - long strips of relatively low - cost , lightweight bathroom - type mirror glass .
The frame is assembled from cheap aluminum tubing , with holes drilled in precise locations using a simple jig for alignment , so that the struts can be assembled into a framework that passively snaps into just the right parabolic curvature .
The control mechanism , which allows the dish to track the sun automatically across the sky , is also remarkably simple -- photocells mounted on each side of the dish with opaque baffles , which cast a shadow on the cell when it drifts out of alignment , connect to a simple circuit that turns on small electric motors to push the dish back into the right position .
" The technical challenge here is to make it simple , " Ahrens explains .
The team is keeping careful track of all the costs for parts and the time spent on assembly , to provide a baseline for figuring out what an eventual large - scale field of such dishes would cost .
" We 're using all commodity materials that are all in high production , " he says .
That 's in stark contrast to most attempts to build solar dish concentrating systems , which have tended to use expensive custom - made equipment to achieve high efficiency .
A few large companies that have built such prototypes tend to " turn it into an ultimate high - tech , high - end project , " says Jefferson Tester , HP Meissner Professor of Chemical Engineering , who has been advising the student - led group .
" Then Spencer came along and said , ' We 're going to fundamentally change this and make this an affordable technology for popular , widespread deployment . ' "
WASHINGTON , July 11 ( Reuters ) - Mortgage lender IndyMac Bancorp Inc IMB.N was taken over by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp on Friday , the second largest financial institution to close in U.S. history .
The FDIC said the estimated cost of the California - based bank ’s failure to its insurance fund is between $ 4 billion and $ 8 billion .
The regulator said it will operate IndyMac to maximize the value of the firm for future sale .
IndyMac ’s primary regulator , the Office of Thrift Supervision , blamed a senior lawmaker ’s comments for causing a run on the deposits at the largest independent publicly traded U.S. mortgage lender .
( Reporting by John Poirier , Karey Wutkowski , Rachelle Younglai ; editing by Carol Bishopric )
Movie box office charts
Click any picture to get a really big detailed breakdown for the year .
I had an idea for displaying box office data graphically and here are the results .
It 's inspired by stream graphs and the works of Edward Tufte .
Each page displays trends in the top 25 movies at the box office for each weekend in a year .
The color is based on the movie 's debut week .
Because of that , long - running movies will gradually start to stand out from newer movies with different colors .
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2008 ( United Kingdom )
2007
2006
2005
1998 ( top ten )
1988 ( top ten )
Reaction
When these charts were first published on July 30th , 2008 , the pattern of links over the next few days was pretty interesting .
You can see a chart here .
About
These pages ( HTML and PNG images ) were created by a Common Lisp program .
The Vecto library was used for the vector graphics .
If you have any questions or comments , please email me , Zach Beane .
Movie gross information is from Box Office Mojo , one of the best movie sites ever .
At first glance , the mugshots appear to be a gallery of roguish grandfathers , but the octo- and nonagenarians are the 10 most - wanted fugitives of one of the most heinous regimes the world has ever seen .
They are the last remaining Nazis , and the codename of the hunt to find them – Operation Last Chance – says it all
More than 60 years after the Nuremberg trials put the first of Hitler 's henchmen in the dock , the Simon Wiesenthal Centre yesterday released its most wanted list of the remaining Nazi war criminals .
The battle to bring them to justice is complicated by a mix of political apathy , legal wrangling , legendary powers of evasion and what Nazi- hunters term " misplaced sympathy " for the craggy - faced men in their twilight years .
" They are old , and the natural tendency is to be sympathetic toward people when they reach a certain age , but the passage of time in no way diminishes the guilt of the perpetrators , " said Efraim Zuroff , the Jerusalem - based director of the Wiesenthal Centre .
" If we were to put a chronological limit on prosecution , we would basically be saying you can get away with genocide . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The top target is Aribert Heim , now 93 .
Jewish prisoners at Mauthausen concentration camp probably knew better him as " Doctor Death " .
The Austrian medic would inject petrol and an array of different poisons straight into the hearts of his so - called patients to see which killed them fastest .
He once removed the tattooed flesh of a prisoner and turned it into soft furnishings for his commandant 's flat .
An 18 - year - old Jewish footballer and swimmer who was sent to Heim with an inflammation of the foot was knocked out , castrated and then decapitated .
His head was boiled to remove the flesh and his skull was put on display .
" [ Heim ] needed the head because of its perfect teeth , " testified one hospital worker at the camp , according to an arrest warrant uncovered by the Associated Press news agency .
Although the hunt for the fugitives continues , the race is on to bring them to justice before they die .
Conscious of the ticking clock , Mr Zuroff will launch a media blitz in South America this summer , airing adverts there for the first time which publicise the $ 485,000 ( £ 245,000 ) reward offered for Heim 's arrest .
Heim has been on the run since 1962 when , happily married and working as a gynaecologist in the West German town of Baden - Baden , he was tipped off that his arrest was imminent .
Proof that he is still alive after all these years may be the € 1 m ( £ 785,000 ) sitting in a Berlin bank account , which would probably have been claimed by his family if he were dead .
The best guess now is that the doctor is in either in Chile , where his daughter lives , or Argentina – a favoured destination for fleeing Nazis , including the architect of the Holocaust , Adolf Eichmann , and another lover of ghoulish medical experiments , Josef Mengele .
It is only Heim whose whereabouts are unknown .
For the other nine suspects , Mr Zuroff rattles off a string of house numbers and street names in cities around the world – from Klagenfurt in Austria to Perth , Australia .
In these cases , the biggest problem is a lack of political will .
John Demjanjuk , a Ukrainian emigré , was extradited from the US to Israel in 1986 and sentenced to death for allegedly being the Treblinka camp guard " Ivan the Terrible " .
But Israel 's Supreme Court overturned the ruling and released him .
He is now fighting deportation from America .
" Some countries do n't have the guts or the courage to prosecute and punish , " sighs Mr Zuroff .
" Nazi war criminals are not serial killers .
They are not likely to murder again and the governments basically know that in a few years they will pass away . "
Take Sandor Kepiro , who is No 3 on the list .
Now aged 93 , he was among Hungarian officers alleged to have carried out a three - day massacre of more than 1,000 mostly Jewish people on the banks of the Danube in Serbia .
He was convicted in 1944 but was pardoned and moved to Austria .
In 1946 , he was convicted again – in absentia – and decided to flee further afield , this time to Argentina .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Half a century later , he slipped secretly back into his homeland after being assured he would not face punishment .
But when he was discovered living in Budapest in 2006 , there was a public outcry .
No decision has been made on whether he will stand trial .
Hungary is one of nine countries to be given a " failing " grade in the Wiesenthal Centre 's annual scorecard .
Sweden is another ; lambasted for its blanket refusal to investigate Nazi-era crimes , because of a statute of limitations which kicks in at 25 years for all acts of murder , including genocide .
Another is Australia ; accused of being too slow in processing the extradition of most - wanted Nazi No 7 , Charles Zentai .
" For three years , they let this guy play games in court , " says Mr Zuroff .
" When you are talking about three years for someone who is in his 80s , that is a long time and could , effectively , help him elude justice . "
Mr Zentai , now 86 and living in a Perth suburb , is accused of beating an 18 - year - old called Peter Balazs to death when he caught him riding a Budapest tram without wearing a yellow star to identify himself as a Jew .
Mr Zentai denies the charges and has been fighting extradition since 2005 .
Last week , he lost a constitutional challenge against state magistrates ruling on his case .
His family claims the incriminating witness testimony came from confessions beaten out of soldiers .
They say that he stands little chance of a fair trial in Hungary , should extradition go ahead .
Mr Zentai 's son , Ernie Steiner , said yesterday : " I know my father was never a Nazi , so why is a Nazi - hunter hunting my father ?
He was never involved in the Holocaust or the mistreatment of Jews .
So this is a complete fabrication . "
He dismissed the Most Wanted List as the theatrics of a bounty hunter , saying : " Of course there 's a principle of justice but , when you 've got the wrong bloke , you are persecuting an innocent man . "
One who did n't get away
The case of the " Executioner of Bolzano " has been a triumph for Nazi hunters .
Michael Seifert tortured his victims in the north Italian concentration camp using fire , broken bottles , clubs and ice - cold water .
After the war he moved to Canada , working in a Vancouver mill and raising his family .
In 2000 , he was convicted in absentia and sentenced to life imprisonment for murdering at least 18 people but it was two years before he was arrested by the Canadian police at Italy 's request .
He began a long fight against extradition , which ended in failure this February when , at the age of 83 , he was finally deported to Rome to serve his sentence .
Click here to have your say
Swiss pot legalization referendum
An enthusiastic note from Snow reads :
Mark this date in your calendar :
On November 30th a referendum will be held among the people of Switzerland about whether to completely legalize possession , sale , and cultivation of cannabis .
We 're talking * legalization * , not grey area style toleration as in the Netherlands .
Meaning , that if successful , pot would be sold in supermarkets just like alcohol , if you 're an adult .
( with the only ban left being advertising of cannabis , so it would be similar to tobacco ad bans )
The funny thing is the initiative is even supported by conservative politicians there , conceding that past drug policies have failed in reducing the number of cannabis users , thus they 're now willing to try the legalization / regulation route .
Talk about a progressive country !
Imagine something like that happening elsewhere in the world !
Not going to happen anytime soon !!!
Flocks of Republicans ( Ron Paul does n't count ) jumping the bandwagons of legalization campaigns , yeah right !
Hooray to direct democracy !
Posted
By jamesk at 2008-07 - 10 19:17:18 permalink | comments » More ways to bookmark this page
Comments ( 18 )
Let 's say that you 're Intel , and you spent $ 5.5 billion in capital expenditures in 2007 , much of it on the 45nm transition , and all of it for the purpose of beating rivals at delivering performance - per - watt increases across a range of market segments that spans the computing spectrum from servers to ultraportable devices .
What , then , are you supposed to think about Web 2.0 , the resurgence of the thin client model , and the popular " cloud computing " notion that users should be able to do almost all of their work and play with nothing but a simple Web browser ( maybe running on an ARM - powered web tablet ) ?
Judging by the comments of some of the Intel folks in this past week 's Directions Symposium , the chipmaker thinks it stinks .
When we invited the engineers from Intel 's Emerging Compute Models group to participate in the Symposium on Monday , I had no idea that they were going to start out by putting the browser - based thin client model in the middle of the floor , and then standing around it in a circle kicking the living daylights out of it .
( Okay , that 's a bit of an overstatement , but it was n't pretty . )
Check out the following excerpt from one post , for example :
I have also not lost sight of the fact that we ( Intel ) folk have several axes to grind around the thick versus thin client models and may err to the side of thick in many circumstances ( duh ) .
Still , in working in this alternative compute area for over 3 years , I wanted to address some myths .
I leave my rear end exposed to the slings and arrows of outraged readers ...
Myth 2 . Web 2.0 will cure the common cold
If you work for Google or Salesforce.com this is the mantra .
In actuality both of these companies are moving from a strictly web - based client to a hybrid model that will provide better experience for the user .
This gives the appearance that perhaps harnessing some level of compute , graphics and mobility MIGHT just be a good idea .
Adobe and others are now building development environment environments ( AIR ) that will allow this to happen more easily .
So , this pristine Web 2.0 model that was completely backend based is becoming hybridized through the use of local compute resources .
Imagine that !
Using a PC to do something more than KVM !
Another Intel post asked about " Generation Y " workers ' likely attitudes toward thin clients as they begin to enter the workforce .
The question is whether a generation that grew up with the Internet will be happy with only the Internet , or if they 'll want more flexibility ( i.e. , a " fatter " client ) .
And in another , an Intel engineer ran the numbers ( average power for thin vs fat clients , average usage and standby hours , number of thin clients / server , etc. ) and suggested that , though the thin client plus server model currently enjoys a slight power savings advantage over a network of rich clients , this delta will shrink because of power - saving client technologies like Atom .
Even though we 're changing the main Symposium topic on Monday from " emerging compute models " to vPro ( with a focus on client manageability and security issues ) , I can't let this subject wind down without pointing out that there 's actually a fascinating " big picture " context to the this past week 's discussion that merits a lot more attention than I 've yet to see it given .
Load balancing on the power grid
So what beef does Intel really have against the current Web 2.0 , " datacenter plus thin client " model ?
I think the answer is a bit more nuanced than the simple " they spent $ 5.5 billion in capex last year and do n't want to see the desktop and mobile processor portion of it go to waste " explanation that I started this post with .
The fundamental challenge that Intel faces in a computing market that 's dominated by massive datacenters is that power constraints will , for the foreseeable future , limit the number of integrated transistors that you can pack into ( and therefore sell into ) a single datacenter .
Even at current transistor counts , most datacenters have large empty regions in them because you just can't get enough power out of the grid to run enough transistors ( and , to be fair , hard disks , which are a bigger problem ) to fill a modern datacenter .
So datacenter floor space may be theoretically infinite , but the power grid acts as an external economic and physical constraint that places a hard limit on the growth of the market for transistors in any one local datacenter , and this depresses the global market for transistors that datacenters represent .
The solution , then , is to spread the load around by moving as many transistors as possible off of a single point on the power grid ( the datacenter ) and connect them to all of these other points on the power grid that still have plenty of spare capacity ( homes , schools , offices ) .
This simple , power - optimization and load - balancing problem is why Intel has to keep selling rich clients .
The datacenter market alone just does n't have the capacity to absorb enough 45nm and 32nm transistors to make the massive investment in fabricating them worthwhile , even if you factor in a concomitant proliferation of ( low - transistor - count ) thin clients .
So to have a robust market for transistors at this level of integration you have to keep selling more and more of them across a wider , more broadly distributed swath of the power grid .
App streaming : you can never be too rich , but you can be too thin
I 've argued so far that Intel has a significant power - related demand - side market constraint in a datacenter - centric world , and that the company would like to continue selling fat clients ( they use the more politically correct " rich clients " ) , but clearly this does not mean that Intel plans to miss out on the datacenter build - out .
No , the company wants to have it both ways : lots of Intel inside datacenters , and lots of Intel rich clients connecting to those datacenters via Intel - made network hardware ( both client - side hardware and infrastructure hardware like WiMAX ) .
But if you plan to sell rich clients and datacenter hardware , then you need a computing model that makes full use of both ends of the network pipe .
Enter application and OS streaming .
The application and OS streaming models are relatively resource - intensive , and they 're designed to be .
These models , in which a full - sized OS and / or an application is streamed , part - by - part , over the network as it's loaded makes full use of the transistors on both the server and client sides , and it gives Intel the best of both worlds — they get to sell the back - end hardware and the client hardware , and all of that hardware is running the full , awesome bulk of legacy x86 software stack ... which means ARM and PowerPC and MIPS , low - power client chips that are perfectly capable of running a browser and doing the Web 2.0 thing , are out now of the picture .
Is Intel barking up the right tree ?
As something of a thin client skeptic myself , I 'm not the best person to engage Intel on this issue , but our readers and featured experts have joined the fray in that regard .
Of course , I 'll note that I 'm also not convinced that OS and app streaming are the future of the enterprise , either .
Like most enterprise computing trends , the forces that will either advance the streaming model or halt it are all related to things like economics , manageability , security , and old - fashioned bureaucratic factors like inertia ( i.e. legacy applications ) and rear - end- covering ( i.e. " the IBM decision " ) .
So I do n't know what the future holds in the thin vs. fat client race , but I do know this : if you 're not following the dialogues the Directions Symposium , then you 're missing out on some great insights by many of the folks ( both Intel and non-Intel ) who are making the world that enterprise customers will one day live in .
I 'm finishing up the semester , and am in the middle of grading about 20 write - ups that my students had to do for a case we covered in class .
The case inv ...
6 years ago
[ Note to TomDispatch readers : With this post , TomDispatch is shutting down for a few days .
Expect the next piece on July 7th or 8th .
With the sunny days of summer ahead , what could be better -- consider this a last holiday hint -- than picking up a copy of this site 's new book , The World According to TomDispatch : America in the New Age of Empire , before you head for wherever it is you 're heading , including the backyard .
Tom ]
The buck stops well , where does it stop ?
And who popularized that phrase , anyway ?
Herbert Hoover , J. Edgar Hoover , Harry S. Truman , George Washington , or none of the above ?
Wait , do n't answer !
The odds are -- as Rick Shenkman , award - winning investigative journalist and founder of the always provocative website History News Network , tells us in his new book Just How Stupid Are We ?
Facing the Truth about the American Voter -- you 'll be wrong .
And when you realize the depths of the ignorance so many Americans take into the voting booth , you may indeed wonder , as Shenkman does to great effect in his new book , where indeed the buck stops .
So here we are heading toward another July 4th , that glorious day when American independence was declared and the Liberty Bell rang out to the world -- the first of which did n't happen on July 4th , the second of which was made up " out of whole cloth " in the nineteenth century in a book for children ( but you knew that ! ) .
Think of today 's post as a bit of counter - programming to our yearly summer celebration of history , a way to ponder what exactly , in the 8th year of the reign of our latest King George , any of us have to celebrate .
Consider instead the state of our national brain , preview Shenkman 's new book ( which should set anyone 's mind spinning ) , and , while you 're at it , watch his recent interview with Jon Stewart on The Daily Show by clicking here .
Tom
Just how stupid are we ?
Pretty stupid , it would seem , when we come across headlines like this : " Homer Simpson , Yes -- 1st Amendment ' Doh , ' Survey Finds " ( Associated Press 3/1/06 ) .
" If a nation expects to be ignorant and free , in a state of civilization , it expects what never was and never will be . " -- Thomas Jefferson
" About 1 in 4 Americans can name more than one of the five freedoms guaranteed by the First Amendment ( freedom of speech , religion , press , assembly and petition for redress of grievances . )
But more than half of Americans can name at least two members of the fictional cartoon family , according to a survey .
" The study by the new McCormick Tribune Freedom Museum found that 22 percent of Americans could name all five Simpson family members , compared with just 1 in 1,000 people who could name all five First Amendment freedoms . "
But what does it mean exactly to say that American voters are stupid ?
About this there is unfortunately no consensus .
Like Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart , who confessed not knowing how to define pornography , we are apt simply to throw up our hands in frustration and say :
We know it when we see it .
But unless we attempt a definition of some sort , we risk incoherence , dooming our investigation of stupidity from the outset .
Stupidity cannot mean , as Humpty Dumpty would have it , whatever we say it means .
Five defining characteristics of stupidity , it seems to me , are readily apparent .
First , is sheer ignorance : Ignorance of critical facts about important events in the news , and ignorance of how our government functions and who 's in charge .
Second , is negligence :
The disinclination to seek reliable sources of information about important news events .
Third , is wooden - headedness , as the historian Barbara Tuchman defined it :
The inclination to believe what we want to believe regardless of the facts .
Fourth , is shortsightedness :
The support of public policies that are mutually contradictory , or contrary to the country 's long - term interests .
Fifth , and finally , is a broad category I call bone - headedness , for want of a better name :
The susceptibility to meaningless phrases , stereotypes , irrational biases , and simplistic diagnoses and solutions that play on our hopes and fears .
American Ignorance
Taking up the first of our definitions of stupidity , how ignorant are we ?
Ask the political scientists and you will be told that there is damning , hard evidence pointing incontrovertibly to the conclusion that millions are embarrassingly ill - informed and that they do not care that they are .
There is enough evidence that one could almost conclude -- though admittedly this is a stretch -- that we are living in an Age of Ignorance .
Surprised ?
My guess is most people would be .
The general impression seems to be that we are living in an age in which people are particularly knowledgeable .
Many students tell me that they are the most well - informed generation in history .
Why are we so deluded ?
The error can be traced to our mistaking unprecedented access to information with the actual consumption of it .
Our access is indeed phenomenal .
George Washington had to wait two weeks to discover that he had been elected president of the United States .
That 's how long it took for the news to travel from New York , where the Electoral College votes were counted , to reach him at home in Mount Vernon , Virginia .
Americans living in the interior regions had to wait even longer , some up to two months .
Now we can watch developments as they occur halfway around the world in real time .
It is little wonder then that students boast of their knowledge .
Unlike their parents , who were forced to rely mainly on newspapers and the network news shows to find out what was happening in the world , they can flip on CNN and Fox or consult the Internet .
But in fact only a small percentage of people take advantage of the great new resources at hand .
In 2005 , the Pew Research Center surveyed the news habits of some 3,000 Americans age 18 and older .
The researchers found that 59 % on a regular basis get at least some news from local TV , 47 % from national TV news shows , and just 23 % from the Internet .
Anecdotal evidence suggested for years that Americans were not particularly well - informed .
As foreign visitors long ago observed , Americans are vastly inferior in their knowledge of world geography compared with Europeans .
( The old joke is that " War is God 's way of teaching Americans geography . " )
But it was never clear until the postwar period how ignorant Americans are .
For it was only then that social scientists began measuring in a systematic manner what Americans actually know .
The results were devastating .
The most comprehensive surveys , the National Election Studies ( NES ) , were carried out by the University of Michigan beginning in the late 1940s .
What these studies showed was that Americans fall into three categories with regard to their political knowledge .
A tiny percentage know a lot about politics , up to 50 % - 60 % know enough to answer very simple questions , and the rest know next to nothing .
Contrary to expectations , by many measures the surveys showed the level of ignorance remaining constant over time .
In the 1990s , political scientists Michael X. Delli Carpini and Scott Keeter concluded that there was statistically little difference between the knowledge of the parents of the Silent Generation of the 1950s , the parents of the Baby Boomers of the 1960s , and American parents today .
( By some measures , Americans are dumber today than their parents of a generation ago . )
Some of the numbers are hard to fathom in a country in which for at least a century all children have been required by law to attend grade school or be home - schooled .
Even if people do not closely follow the news , one would expect them to be able to answer basic civics questions , but only a small minority can .
In 1986 , only 30 % knew that Roe v. Wade was the Supreme Court decision that ruled abortion legal more than a decade earlier .
In 1991 , Americans were asked how long the term of a United States senator is .
Just 25 % correctly answered six years .
How many senators are there ?
A poll a few years ago found that only 20 % know that there are 100 senators , though the number has remained constant for the last half century ( and is easy to remember ) .
Encouragingly , today the number of Americans who can correctly identify and name the three branches of government is up to 40 % .
Polls over the past three decades measuring Americans ' knowledge of history show similarly dismal results .
What happened in 1066 ?
Just 10 % know it is the date of the Norman Conquest .
Who said the " world must be made safe for democracy " ?
Just 14 % know it was Woodrow Wilson .
Which country dropped the nuclear bomb ?
Only 49 % know it was their own country .
Who was America 's greatest president ?
According to a Gallup poll in 2005 , a majority answer that it was a president from the last half century : 20 % said Reagan , 15 % Bill Clinton , 12 % John Kennedy , 5 % George W. Bush .
Only 14 % picked Lincoln and only 5 % , Washington .
And the worst president ?
For years Americans would include in the list Herbert Hoover .
But no more .
Most today do not know who Herbert Hoover was , according to the University of Pennsylvania 's National Annenberg Election Survey in 2004 .
Just 43 % could correctly identify him .
The only history questions a majority of Americans can answer correctly are the most basic ones .
What happened at Pearl Harbor ?
A great majority know : 84 % .
What was the Holocaust ?
Nearly 70 % know .
( Thirty percent do n't ? )
But it comes as something of a shock that , in 1983 , just 81 % knew who Lee Harvey Oswald was and that , in 1985 , only 81 % could identify Martin Luther King , Jr .
What Voters Don't Know
Who these poor souls were who did n't know who Martin Luther King was we can not be sure .
Research suggests that they were probably impoverished ( the poor tend to know less on the whole about politics and history than others ) or simply unschooled , categories which usually overlap .
But even Americans in the middle class who attend college exhibit profound ignorance .
A report in 2007 published by the Intercollegiate Studies Institute found that on average 14,000 randomly selected college students at 50 schools around the country scored under 55 ( out of 100 ) on a test that measured their knowledge of basic American civics .
Less than half knew that Yorktown was the last battle of the American Revolution .
Surprisingly , seniors often tested lower than freshmen .
( The explanation was apparently that many students by their senior year had forgotten what they learned in high school . )
The optimists point to surveys indicating that about half the country can describe some differences between the Republican and Democratic Parties .
But if they do not know the difference between liberals and conservatives , as surveys indicate , how can they possibly say in any meaningful way how the parties differ ?
And if they do not know this , what else do they not know ?
Plenty , it turns out .
Even though they are awash in news , Americans generally do not seem to absorb what it is that they are reading and hearing and watching .
Americans cannot even name the leaders of their own government .
Sandra Day O'Connor was the first woman appointed to the United States Supreme Court .
Fewer than half of Americans could tell you her name during the length of her entire tenure .
William Rehnquist was chief justice of the Supreme Court .
Just 40 % of Americans ever knew his name ( and only 30 % could tell you that he was a conservative ) .
Going into the First Gulf War , just 15 % could identify Colin Powell , then chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , or Dick Cheney , then secretary of defense .
In 2007 , in the fifth year of the Iraq War , only 21 % could name the secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
Most Americans cannot name their own member of Congress or their senators .
If the problem were simply that Americans are bad at names , one would not have to worry too much .
But they do not understand the mechanics of government either .
Only 34 % know that it is the Congress that declares war ( which may explain why they are not alarmed when presidents take us into wars without explicit declarations of war from the legislature ) .
Only 35 % know that Congress can override a presidential veto .
Some 49 % think the president can suspend the Constitution .
Some 60 % believe that he can appoint judges to the federal courts without the approval of the Senate .
Some 45 % believe that revolutionary speech is punishable under the Constitution .
On the basis of their comprehensive approach , Delli Carpini and Keeter concluded that only 5 % of Americans could correctly answer three - fourths of the questions asked about economics , only 11 % of the questions about domestic issues , 14 % of the questions about foreign affairs , and 10 % of the questions about geography .
The highest score ?
More Americans knew the correct answers to history questions than any other ( which will come as a surprise to many history teachers ) .
Still , only 25 % knew the correct answers to three - quarters of the history questions , which were rudimentary .
In 2003 , the Strategic Task Force on Education Abroad investigated Americans ' knowledge of world affairs .
The task force concluded : " America 's ignorance of the outside world " is so great as to constitute a threat to national security .
Young and Ignorant -- and Voting
At least , you may think to yourself , we are not getting any dumber .
But by some measures we are .
Young people by many measures know less today than young people forty years ago .
And their news habits are worse .
Newspaper reading went out in the sixties along with the Hula Hoop .
Just 20 % of young Americans between the ages of 18 and 34 read a daily paper .
And that is n't saying much .
There 's no way of knowing what part of the paper they 're reading .
It is likelier to encompass the comics and a quick glance at the front page than dense stories about Somalia or the budget .
They are n't watching the cable news shows either .
The average age of CNN 's audience is sixty .
And they surely are not watching the network news shows , which attract mainly the Depends generation .
Nor are they using the Internet in large numbers to surf for news .
Only 11 % say that they regularly click on news web pages .
( Yes , many young people watch Jon Stewart 's The Daily Show .
A survey in 2007 by the Pew Research Center found that 54 % of the viewers of The Daily Show score in the " high knowledge " news category -- about the same as the viewers of the O'Reilly Factor on Fox News . )
Compared with Americans generally -- and this is n't saying much , given their low level of interest in the news -- young people are the least informed of any age cohort save possibly for those confined to nursing homes .
In fact , the young are so indifferent to newspapers that they single - handedly are responsible for the dismally low newspaper readership rates that are bandied about .
In earlier generations -- in the 1950s , for example -- young people read newspapers and digested the news at rates similar to those of the general population .
Nothing indicates that the current generation of young people will suddenly begin following the news when they turn 35 or 40 .
Indeed , half a century of studies suggest that most people who do not pick up the news habit in their twenties probably never will .
Young people today find the news irrelevant .
Bored by politics , students shun the rituals of civic life , voting in lower numbers than other Americans ( though a small up - tick in civic participation showed up in recent surveys ) .
U.S. Census data indicate that voters aged 18 to 24 turn out in low numbers .
In 1972 , when 18 year olds got the vote , 52 % cast a ballot .
In subsequent years , far fewer voted : in 1988 , 40 % ; in 1992 , 50 % ; in 1996 , 35 % ; in 2000 , 36 % .
In 2004 , despite the most intense get - out - the - vote effort ever focused on young people , just 47 % took the time to cast a ballot .
Since young people on the whole scarcely follow politics , one may want to consider whether we even want them to vote .
Asked in 2000 to identify the presidential candidate who was the chief sponsor of Campaign Finance Reform -- Sen. John McCain -- just 4 % of people between the ages of 18 and 24 could do so .
As the primary season began in February , fewer than half in the same age group knew that George W. Bush was even a candidate .
Only 12 % knew that McCain was also a candidate even though he was said to be especially appealing to young people .
One news subject in recent history , 9/11 , did attract the interest of the young .
A poll by Pew at the end of 2001 found that 61 % of adult Americans under age 30 said that they were following the story closely .
But few found any other subjects in the news that year compelling .
Anthrax attacks ?
Just 32 % indicated it was important enough to follow .
The economy ?
Again , just 32 % .
The capture of Kabul ?
Just 20 % .
It would appear that young people today are doing very little reading of any kind .
In 2004 , the National Endowment for the Arts , consulting a vast array of surveys , including the United States Census , found that just 43 % of young people ages 18 to 24 read literature .
In 1982 , the number was 60 % .
A majority do not read either newspapers , fiction , poetry , or drama .
Save for the possibility that they are reading the Bible or works of non-fiction , for which solid statistics are unavailable , it would appear that this generation is less well read than any other since statistics began to be kept .
The studies demonstrating that young people know less today than young people a generation ago do not get much publicity .
What one hears about are the pioneer steps the young are taking politically .
Headlines from the 2004 presidential election featured numerous stories about young people who were following the campaign on blogs , then a new phenomenon .
Other stories focused on the help young Deaniacs gave Howard Dean by arranging to raise funds through innovative Internet appeals .
Still other stories reported that the Deaniacs were networking all over the country through the Internet website meetup.com .
One did not hear that we have raised another Silent Generation .
But have we not ?
The statistics about young people today are fairly clear :
As a group they do not vote in large numbers , most do not read newspapers , and most do not follow the news .
( Barack Obama has recently inspired greater participation , but at this stage it is too early to tell if the effect will be lasting . )
The Issues ?
Who knows ?
Millions every year are now spent on the effort to answer the question :
What do the voters want ?
The honest answer would be that often they themselves do not really know because they do not know enough to say .
Few , however , admit this .
In the election of 2004 , one of the hot issues was gay marriage .
But gauging public opinion on the subject was difficult .
Asked in one national poll whether they supported a constitutional amendment allowing only marriages between a man and a woman , a majority said yes .
But three questions later a majority also agreed that " defining marriage was not an important enough issue to be worth changing the Constitution . "
The New York Times wryly summed up the results : Americans clearly favor amending the Constitution but not changing it .
Does it matter if people are ignorant ?
There are many subjects about which the ordinary voter need know nothing .
The conscientious citizen has no obligation to plow through the federal budget , for example .
One suspects there are not many politicians themselves who have bothered to do so .
Nor do voters have an obligation to read the laws passed in their name .
We do expect members of Congress to read the bills they are asked to vote on , but we know from experience that often they do not , having failed either to take the time to do so or having been denied the opportunity to do so by their leaders , who for one reason or another often rush bills through .
Reading the text of laws in any case is often unhelpful .
The chairpersons in charge of drafting them often include provisions only a detective could untangle .
The tax code is rife with clauses like this :
The Congress hereby appropriates X dollars for the purchase of 500 widgets that measure 3 inches by 4 inches by 2 inches from any company incorporated on October 20 , 1965 in Any City USA situated in block 10 of district 3 .
Of course , only one company fits the description .
Upon investigation it turns out to be owned by the chairperson 's biggest contributor .
That is more than any citizens acting on their own could possibly divine .
It is not essential that the voter know every which way in which the tax code is manipulated to benefit special interests .
All that is required is that the voter know that rigging of the tax code in favor of certain interests is probably common .
The media are perfectly capable of communicating this message .
Voters are perfectly capable of absorbing it .
Armed with this knowledge , the voter knows to be wary of claims that the tax code treats one and all alike with fairness .
There are however innumerable subjects about which a general knowledge is insufficient .
In these cases ignorance of the details is more than a minor problem .
An appalling ignorance of Social Security , to take one example , has left Americans unable to see how their money has been spent , whether the system is viable , and what measures are needed to shore it up .
How many know that the system is running a surplus ?
And that this surplus -- some $ 150 billion a year -- is actually quite substantial , even by Washington standards ?
And how many know that the system has been in surplus since 1983 ?
Few , of course .
Ignorance of the facts has led to a fundamentally dishonest debate about Social Security .
During all the years the surpluses were building , the Democrats in Congress pretended the money was theirs to be spent , as if it were the same as all the other tax dollars collected by the government .
And spend it they did , whenever they had the chance , with no hint that they were perhaps disbursing funds that actually should be held in reserve for later use .
( Social Security taxes had been expressly raised in 1983 in order to build up the system 's funds when bankruptcy had loomed . )
Not until the rest of the budget was in surplus ( in 1999 ) did it suddenly occur to them that the money should be saved .
And it appears that the only reason they felt compelled at this point to acknowledge that the money was needed for Social Security was because they wanted to blunt the Republicans ' call for tax cuts .
The Social Security surplus could not both be used to pay for the large tax cuts Republicans wanted and for the future retirement benefits of aging Boomers .
The Republicans have been equally unctuous .
While they have claimed that they are terribly worried about Social Security , they have been busy irresponsibly spending the system 's surplus on tax cuts , one cut after another .
First Reagan used the surplus to hide the impact of his tax cuts and then George W. Bush used it to hide the impact of his cuts .
Neither ever acknowledged that it was only the surplus in Social Security 's accounts that made it even plausible for them to cut taxes .
Take those Bush tax cuts .
Bush claimed the cuts were made possible by several years of past surpluses and the prospect of even more years of surpluses .
But subtracting from the federal budget the overflow funds generated by Social Security , the government ran a surplus in just two years during the period the national debt was declining , 1999 and 2000 .
In the other years when the government ran a surplus , 1998 and 2001 , it was because of Social Security and only because of Social Security .
That is , the putative surpluses of 1998 and 2001 , which President Bush cited in defense of his tax cuts , were in reality pure fiction .
Without Social Security the government would have been in debt those two years .
And yet in 2001 President Bush told the country tax cuts were not only needed , they were affordable because of our splendid surplus .
Today , conservatives argue that the Social Security Trust Fund is a fiction .
They are correct .
The money was spent .
They helped spend it .
To this debate about Social Security -- which , once one understands what has been happening , is actually quite absorbing -- the public has largely been an indifferent spectator .
A surprising 2001 Pew study found that just 19 % of Americans understand that the United States ever ran a surplus at all , however defined , in the 1990s or 2000`s .
And only 50 % of Americans , according to an Annenberg study in 2004 , understand that President Bush favors privatizing Social Security .
Polls indicate that people are scared that the system is going bust , no doubt thanks in part to Bush 's gloom - and - doom prognostications .
But they have n't the faintest idea what going bust means .
And in fact , the system can be kept going without fundamental change simply by raising the cap on taxed income and pushing back the retirement age a few years .
How much ignorance can a country stand ?
There have to be terrible consequences when it reaches a certain level .
But what level ?
And with what consequences , exactly ?
The answers to these questions are unknowable .
But can we doubt that if we persist on the path we are on that we shall , one day , perhaps not too far into the distant future , find out the answers ?
Rick Shenkman , Emmy Award - winning investigative reporter , New York Times bestselling author , and associate professor of history at George Mason University , is the founder and editor of History News Network , a website that features articles by historians on current events .
This essay is adapted from chapter two of his new book , Just How Stupid Are We ?
Facing the Truth about the American Voter ( Basic Books , 2008 ) .
His observations about the 2008 election can be followed on his blog , " How Stupid ? "
His recent appearance on Jon Stewart 's " The Daily Show " can be viewed by clicking here .
Excerpted from Just How Stupid Are We ? , by Rick Shenkman , by arrangement with Basic Books .
Copyright 2008 Rick Shenkman
Robotron and OOP
public class ListItem {
private object _next = null ;
public object Next {
get { return _next ; }
set { _next = value ; }
}
}
public abstract class Process : ListItem {
private int _nextTime ;
public Process ( ) { Reset ( ) ; }
public int NextTime {
get { return _nextTime ; }
set { _nextTime = value ; }
}
public bool Tick ( ) { return -- _nextTime <= 0 ; }
public abstract bool Run ( ) ;
public abstract void Reset ( ) ;
}
public void OnTick ( ) {
object prev = null ;
object curr = ProcessList ; // some property
while ( curr != null ) {
Process p = ( Process ) curr ;
// if the process is ready to run , run it
if ( p.Tick ( ) ) {
// if run returns true , reset and move on
if ( p.Run ( ) ) {
p.Reset ( ) ;
prev = curr ;
curr = p.
Next ;
}
else {
// remove it from the process list
object next = p.
Next ;
RemoveFromList( ProcessList , prev , curr ) ;
curr = next ;
}
}
else { // just move on
prev = curr ;
curr = p.
Next ;
}
}
}
public void MainLoop ( )
{
WaitForTimerInterrupt ( ) ;
OnTick ( ) ;
}
typedef struct t_ListItem {
struct t_listItem * Next ;
unsigned char Size , ID ;
} t_ListItem ;
typedef struct t_Process {
t_ListItem ListItem ; /* must be first */
short NextTime ;
f_RunProcPtr RunProc ;
f_ResetProcPtr ResetProc ;
} t_Process ;
typedef bool ( * f_RunProcPtr ) ( ) ;
typedef void ( * f_ResetProcPtr ) ( ) ;
bool Tick ( t_Process * p )
{
return --(p->NextTime ) <= 0 ;
}
bool RunProcess ( t_Process * p )
{
return *( p->RunProc ) ( ) ;
}
ListNext EQU 0 ; the symbol ' Next ' equates to 0 ( offset 0 )
ItemSize EQU 2 ; ListNext is 2 bytes ( points are 16 bit on 6809 )
ItemID EQU 3 ;
NextTime EQU 4 ; the next time to run
RunProc EQU 6 ;
Tick PULS Y ; get return address in Y
PULS X ; get process pointer in X
DEC NextTime , X ; decrement the next time , sets condition codes
JMP [ Y ] ; return
OnTick
... ; set up code omitted - Y points to process
LDY CurrProc
PSHS Y
JSR Tick
BCC .1 ; carry clear - no execution
LDY CurrProc ; refetch current process
JSR [ RunProc , Y ] ; call its execute
BEQ RemoveCurrProc ; remove the process on false
.1 LDY CurrProc ; refetch currproc
LDY ListNext , Y ; get next
STY CurrProc ; store it om current process
... ; etc
RunProcesses
PSHS X , Y ; save x and Y
LDY ProcessList ; get the list head in y
BEQ .4 ; exit on null
LDX # 0 ; clear x ( prev )
.1 DEC NextTime , Y ; drop the tick count
BCC .2 ; still > 0 ? continue
JSR [ RunProc , Y ] ; run the process
BNE .3 ; on non-zero , the proc was removed
.2 TFR Y,X ; move curr to prev
.3 LDY ListNext , Y ; get the next
BNE .1 ; on non-null , go back
.4 PULS X , Y ; restore X and Y
RTS
Many years back , joe holt and I pulled the ROMs from a Robotron machine that I bought .
Joe write a disassembler for 6809 and we started poring over the assembly language to try to make head or tail of its operation using the schematics as a guide for hardware .
At one point , I even called Eugene Jarvis , the author , to get a couple hints .
From this , we figured out the operational model .
I do n't have the specific details in my head , but I recall enough to present it .
The interesting thing about Robotron is that the underlying game engine is object - oriented , but because it was written in straight assembly language , they could do some pretty fabulous things to make it work .
Robotron had a linked list of processes ( Jarvis ' term ) .
Each process was used to perform a simple task in the game .
In addition , there was a display list of objects that were to be drawn .
I 'm a little hazy in my memory as to whether or not the display list was the same as the process list - it could be without any loss of generality .
The hardware generated a clock tick and when that hit , each process was checked for whether or not it needed to be run , and if so , it was run .
If this was written in C# , it would look something like this :
Now this is not precisely ideal OO design since the is - a and has - a relationships are n't right .
A list should have list items that have processes .
A process should not be a list item , but that 's what the design was .
You 'll see why in a bit .
As I said , this is not ideal oop design , but bear with me .
At this point , to make things that operate in the game on a regular basis , just subclass from Process and insert instances into the process list .
The main game loop will be something like :
This design is nice in a few respects .
When you are starting a new level , you populate the process list with level processes and off you go .
When a level is complete , clear the process list .
When it 's time to do a cut scene , populate the list with a cut scene process , etc .
One process that existed in the Williams games was a process to rotate colors in the hardware colormap to give the slick , flashy look to their games .
Obviously , they did n't have C# .
In fact , I doubt there was even a C compiler for the 6809 when the game was written .
So how do you get this nice functionality without the syntactic sugar ?
Like this :
This is a C struct that represents a linked list item .
Now , if I want to make any other struct into a list item , all I need to do is put that struct as the first element in my struct : a t_Process contains a t_ListItem , which means that if I cast a pointer to a t_Process as a t_ListItem , then I can treat it just like a t_ListItem and do it safely .
f_Run and f_Reset are defined like this : So the C implementation of Tick ( ) will look like this :
And to run a process :
The beauty of doing the code this way ( with the t_ListItem ) , is that there will only ever be one instance of list manipulation code and it will run properly on anything that has a t_ListItem as its first element .
This means that your executable will be a whole lot smaller .
If you noticed , I snuck in a few extra things in the list item - a byte for a size and a byte for an ID .
This lets me look at any item and find out how many bytes it is ( up to 255 ) and attach an ID to it .
In a low - level debugger , I can look at those two bytes and pretty much know what kind of item I 'm looking at right away .
As defined , this is really bad for C since you can always have structs that are way bigger than 255 bytes and you may have more than 255 object types , but remember , we 're talking about a video game with a tiny amount of RAM .
Robotron did n't have a version of malloc ( ) , but it did do dynamic allocation .
At boot time , sections of memory were partitioned into " 8 byte structs " , " 12 byte structs " etc .
Then since each struct effectively contained an t_listItem , each newly partitioned block was linked to the next .
This means that if you wanted to allocate a new 8 - byte block , you 'd pull the first item off the 8 byte block list .
To free a 16 byte block , you stick it back on the 16 byte block list , and because the size is in the struct , you can tell where it needs to go .
This means that allocation and deallocation are wicked fast .
Assembly does n't really have the notion of structs , just byte offsets .
A t_ListItem was really this : So a ListItem is 4 bytes .
The bad news is that I lied about the definitions of Run and Reset .
Run actually looks like this in a C definition : typedef bool ( * f_RunProcPtr ) ( t_Process p ) ; and there is no Reset ( ) - that gets done in Run ( ) .
So the offset of the next run time would look like this :
Tick would look like this in assembly :
Note that unlike typical C implementations , this code consumes its own arguments .
Now , I can tell you right now that this is n't really what it does - Tick is implemented inline in the code that runs the process list ( this is not actual Robotron code - I 'm reimplementing it from memory ) .
In this code , Y is the curr pointer and X is the previous .
The RunProc not only manages the reset , it manages removing the item from the process list as well .
All routines follow a strict do - no - evil policy - that is all routines enter and leave with the registers intact , except for the condition codes .
So why is this all notable ?
In 13 instructions or roughly 23 bytes , we have the core of a non-preemptive multitasking operating system .
That 's the same amount of memory to hold the phrase , " Eugene P. Jarvis rocks ! " in ASCII .
Now , nobody codes like this for any kind of significant applications .
It takes just too dang long .
And then you have to deal with maintenance and so on .
Robotron is a different playing field , though .
The machine had a 64 K address space , of which a precious 24 K was RAM and 32 K was ROM ( I know , 24 K + 32 K > 64 K - they used some clever tricks to make video RAM write - only and layered ROM over the top of that ) .
In that environment , you can afford to code like you own every single byte in the machine because you know what it does .
Nonetheless , I still think it 's important to keep an eye on the past as we move into the future .
After all , many embedded systems ( for mice , keyboards , disk / flash drives and so on use processors that are on par with the one in Robotron .
Some day you might be coding for one of those .
