S - C. Mu , H - S. Ko , and P. Jansson .
In Journal of Functional Programming , Vol. 19 ( 5 ) , pp. 545-579 . Sep. 2009 [ PDF ]
Relational program derivation is the technique of stepwise refining a relational specification to a program by algebraic rules .
The program thus obtained is correct by construction .
Meanwhile , dependent type theory is rich enough to express various correctness properties to be verified by the type checker .
We have developed a library , AoPA , to encode relational derivations in the dependently typed programming language Agda .
A program is coupled with an algebraic derivation whose correctness is guaranteed by the type system .
Two non-trivial examples are presented : an optimisation problem , and a derivation of quicksort where well - founded recursion is used to model terminating hylomorphisms in a language with inductive types .
This article extends the paper we published in Mathematics of Program Construction 2008 .
Code accompanying the paper has been developed into an Agda library AoPA .
A weekly series from the Ruby Masters
This week , we ’re happy to have Ilya Grigorik from Canada .
Satish Talim >>
Welcome , Ilya and thanks for taking out time to share your thoughts .
For the benefit of the readers , could you tell us something about your self ?
Ilya >>
My name is Ilya Grigorik , I am a proverbial early - adopter of all things digital , and I am founder / CTO of AideRSS ( a startup in Waterloo , Canada ) .
My first website consisted of two dozen accounts on Geocities and Angelfire to host .bmp images for the images on my site as I did n’t know about compression , at the time .
Since then , I have made my way through Perl and flat file databases , to PHP and MySQL , and eventually to Ruby and Rails .
Nowadays , AideRSS is my full time job , and in between , I blog about lessons learned , software architectures , and web standards in general .
Willian Molinari , Brazil >>
How should one go about learning the Ruby language ?
What material ( books , eBooks , online tutorials etc. ) would you recommend ?
Ilya >>
Pick a simple project that you can show off to your friends and jump right into it .
There is a reason why “ a blog in 10 minutes ” is such a popular demo for most web - frameworks .
The point is not in the blog itself , but in building something you feel ownership of and can use on a daily basis .
Once you show it to your friends , you will feel the pressure ( in a good sense ) to keep it working , fix bugs , and add new features , which will keep you motivated .
In terms of resources , Ruby has an astounding number of great books and online resources .
I highly recommend Ryan Bates ’ RailsCasts series ( start from the beginning of the archive ) .
Also , visit your local bookstore and find a Ruby book .
Personally , I am a big fan of “ Ruby For Rails ” by David A. Black .
Last but not least , get involved in the Ruby community .
Join GitHub , subscribe to RailsEnvy podcast for latest news , and join the #ruby channel on freenode .
net IRC server .
Jerry Anning , USA >>
Can you recommend things to study after learning Core Ruby , including different frameworks , gems and external libraries ?
Ilya >>
I know many language buffs who love diving deep into new languages just for the sake of it , but personally , I do n’t subscribe to that philosophy .
To me , the best way to learn a language is to align it with a personal project or a goal .
( ex. a blog ; a link sharing service ; a command line script ; a web - service to do x ; etc . )
Hence , it is not about studying “ the right framework ” , instead find something that interests you , then find adjacent projects and dive right into it .
My first Ruby - based web service was built directly on top of a TCPSocket class because thatâ€™s what I was familiar with at the time .
I shared it with my friends and they recommend Webrick , Rails , and Camping and down the rabbit hole I went .
( and never looked back ! )
Dennis Theisen , Germany >>
Could you name three features of Ruby that you like the most , as compared to other languages ?
Why ?
Ilya >>
When you look at a well written piece of code , it reads like poetry .
I ca n’t explain it , but it ’s just aesthetically pleasing , it has a feeling of craftsmanship .
Ruby has stolen a lot of the thought leadership from other communities .
The reason for some of the “ unstable ” libraries is also because they are right on the edge of the current best practices ( look at rspec , and a multitude of projects that sprung up around it ) .
I think this is one of the core attractions of Ruby , and incidentally the biggest challenge moving forward is our ability to maintain the thought leadership by attracting the people who like to push through the boundaries .
The community .
Ruby gets a disproportionate amount of attention on the web , largely because of the thought leadership , but also because we are good at promoting ourselves ( one fuels the other ) .
Look at all the conferences , meet - ups , blogs , and so on .
It lowers the barrier to entry and benefits everyone involved .
Willian Molinari , Brazil >>
What has been your biggest challenge while working with Ruby ?
Ilya >>
Beta-quality libraries .
For all the hype around Ruby , a lot of the libraries are either unstable or unfinished .
As Dr. Nic has pointed out , you have to be open to extending , and patching some of these libraries to get the results you desire .
Jerry Anning , USA >>
What best practices are most important for a new Ruby programmer to learn and understand ?
Ilya >>
TDD .
Now , I am not religious about it , and will openly admit that often I do n’t develop in TDD mode , but to me , it ’s not the process that matters , but the philosophy behind it .
Namely , you will find that amazing things happen when you write down the requirements first , and then dive into the code you will finish faster , you will have a regression suite , you will have cleaner code .
In some ways , TDD is a close cousin of GTD ( getting things done ) .
And that ’s what Ruby / Rails is all about a quick development cycle , user feedback , rinse and repeat .
Michael Uplawski , Germany >>
According to you , what is a comfortable size of a Ruby / Rails - project ?
Why ?
Ilya >>
I do n’t think there are any artificial constraints on the size of the project just because it ’s written in Ruby .
I think the more relevant question is your own comfort level with Ruby and what that means for the size of the project .
If you are just a beginner , you should start small , and as you learn the architectural intricacies of the language , as well as , develop a mental map of best practices based on experience you can start moving into larger projects .
Michael Uplawski , Germany >>
Having spent some years in the I.T. industry and coming to Ruby from a different background , how do I recognize Rubyâ€™s limitations so as to suggest a different language in such cases ?
Ilya >>
There is no silver bullet for this question .
Get to know Ruby , as well as , other languages .
Read blogs , follow industry news .
There is a great saying : “ If all you have is hammer , everything looks like a nail ” , do n’t fall into this trap .
There are many cases where Ruby might not be the best fit , but that ’s also subjective and conditional on your own experience , as well as , the experience of your team .
For example , lately we have been hearing a lot about Erlang , but if you have a team of great Ruby developers , does that mean you should dump Ruby in favor of Erlang ?
Probably not .
Dennis Theisen , Germany >>
Do you think Ruby is ready to be used in “ Enterprise applications ” ?
Kindly justify your answer .
Ilya >>
I think this question should be reversed : “ Do you think the Enterprise is ready for Ruby ? ”
As a language , I think Ruby is ready .
Yes , the MRI team has had some snafu ’s with their releases , but JRuby and Rubinius have made a lot of progress in the past year and I am really glad to see that all of these projects are contributing to a greater whole : consistent implementation , a solid regression suite of tests , etc .
More importantly , I think the “ Enterprise ” is also realizing that they have to compete in a fast pace market .
Gone are the days of 50 developer teams and six months release cycles .
If they want to compete on the web , they have to adopt the latest best practices as something on which , whether you like it or not , Ruby and Rails has had a big influence on in past several years .
Keith Brady , Australia >>
What are the pros and cons of Ruby that are being discussed in the development community and what is your opinion on that ?
Ilya >>
Ruby has to be one of the best prototyping languages , and it really shines at that .
I love the readability of the code , and the fact that there are always multiple ways to accomplish one thing and I know this is controversial , but I think this one of the reasons why Ruby has seen such an uptake .
The common complaint is performance , but Ruby ca n’t be all things to all people .
When you start with Ruby you make a conscious decision to trade off some of the optimization in favor of a quicker prototyping cycle .
And for the most part , I think this is a perfectly legitimate route because you can always optimize later .
Ruby plays well with polyglot architectures , and there are plenty of examples of highly optimized Ruby code out there .
First , you should prove that there is a reason for the projects existence ( uptake in the market , open source contributors , etc. ) , and then you should focus on optimizing the core .
Satish Talim >>
Most beginners in Ruby , would like to contribute their time , skills and expertise to a project but invariably are unaware of where and how to do so .
Could you suggest some ?
Ilya >>
Once again , find something that interests you , and something that matches your experience level .
Many people recommend diving into Rails , but I think there are many smaller projects which are conceptually simpler and easier to get involved with .
If you have n’t already , join GitHub and do a search for a project that might interest you “ chances are , you are not the only one ” then , dive right into source .
Fork the project , fix a bug , send a “ pull request ” to the original author .
If you are a language buff , Adam Wiggins has a great how - to for getting involved with Rubinius .
Keith Brady , Australia >>
What types of applications are currently being developed in Ruby and what changes do you foresee over the next year or two ?
Ilya >>
Ruby deployment is still painful , and for that reason I am really excited about projects like JRuby , Maglev , and mod_rails amongst many others .
Likewise , Merb , and other web micro-frameworks continue to innovate around Rails .
I canâ€™t predict where we will be in two years , but I hope we will have a faster MRI , an easier deployment model , and an even larger community .
Victor Goff , USA >>
How do you see the market for Ruby Programmers in the work place , and do you see it as primarily tied to Rails and Web related work ?
Do you see trends in administration or other work ?
What ’s the future for Ruby ?
Ilya >>
The future of Ruby is whatever we make it to be .
Rails is why most people get into Ruby , and Ruby is why they stay in the community .
It ’s a beautiful language with a great community – what else could you ask for .
If you want to see where Ruby is heading , visit GitHub ( have I given them enough plugs yet ? ) and look at the recent and most popular projects .
You will find telecom applications , midi generators , SMS gateways , web - servers , you get the point !
Ruby metaprogramming allows for very rich DSL applications , which makes it very well positioned for sys - admin , and domain specific projects .
For some good examples , look at “ Puppet ” , or “ God ” projects .
Satish Talim >>
What can / should job candidates ( for Ruby ) do to distinguish themselves from their competition ?
Note :
The candidate has done his / her homework on the company that they are interviewing with .
The candidate understands what they ’re looking for , and the candidate is prepared to show them that he / she fits the bill , based on the candidate ’s skills and experience .
What else can the candidate do , to set themselves apart from other equally well - qualified and well - prepared candidates ?
Ilya >>
Remember that 10 minute blog that you built when you first started with Rails .
Keep it up to date !
I have gone through piles of resumes and in person interviews , and nothing stands out more than a personal web - site or a blog that has relevant content to the position I ’m looking to fill .
If you take the time to share a snippet of code , or talk about a problem you have overcome , you are instantly head and shoulders above the vast majority of resumes out there .
Satish Talim >>
Do you have any other suggestions for these participants ( would - be Ruby developers ) ?
Ilya >>
Start a blog , join GitHub , contribute to a project , blog about it , then rinse and repeat .
Before you know it , you will be turning down offers .
Satish Talim >>
Thanks Ilya for sharing your views with the RubyLearning participants .
On 6th Jan. we talk to Josh Susser from USA .
Disclaimer :
The opinions expressed are those of Ilya Grigorik and do not necessarily reflect those of www.RubyLearning.com.
The Path to Ruby Mastery Series ( So Far ) :
Andrew Wyeth : Christina 's World Painter Has Died 1917 - 2009 ( Video , Photos )
Andrew Wyeth 1917 -2009
Famed American landscape and people painterhas died at his family home in Chadds Ford , Pennsylvania at age 91 after a brief illness .
The " Painter of the People " drew his inspiration from the land and people around him as his favorite subjects .
He painted his beloved Pennsylvania and well as scene near his summer home in Maine .
His style , known as regional art made him extremely popular with the American public .
Considered one of the best known of the 20th century artists , perhaps his best known image is the painting Christina 's World , currently among a collection at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City .
President George W. Bush honored Wyeth in 2007 by awarding him the National Medal of Arts .
We 've included photos of some of his works below and a video showcasing more of his life 's work .
Sony is set to debut a new 16 and 32 GB drag and drop Walkman during CES 2009 , according to trusted inside sources .
This will be the most advanced music , video and photo Walkman music player ever released by Sony to date .
While it was revealed before to Wired that Sony ’s new Walkman would have Wi-Fi capabilities , we have now learned that Sony ’s new Walkman will also be touchscreen and WQVGA .
The touchscreen will not be the usual LCD , but a brilliant three inch OLED with a contrast ratio around 10 k .
OLED display capabilities in terms of color reproduction are far beyond the average LCD , which means 100 % color reproduction across a wider viewing angle .
While most of the usual menu structure of the current Walkman series will be retained in this new model , there are several new exciting features included .
For example , upon listening to an artist , you may click on the artist name and watch music videos of the artist on YouTube through Wi -Fi ( WPA and WEP support included ) .
Additionally , there will be a Youtube icon on the main screen that will allow full access to the website – search , pause , FF / RW included very similar to Youtube access on the iPhone / iTouch .
Additionally , this new Walkman will be able to subscribe to audio podcast and Crackle video feeds ; this means automatic download of new updates , the ability to delete old feed content , all over Wi-Fi .
Audio codec support includes MP3 , WMA , AAC , PCM , while video codec support is AVC ( h.264 ) , MPEG - 4 and WMV .
There will be built - in search capabilities that can be used to learn more about your favorite artist , and users will be able to purchase full CD ’s of their favorite artists through the Walkman at Amazon .
A powerful S - Master digital amplifier is built into this device as well as digital noise canceling to ensure optimal sound .
On top of all of these impressive features , Sony has also included a FM radio to truly differentiate this product amongst the competition .
Also , while the product shots above do not show hardware buttons for music control ( previous track , play / pause , next track and volume ) , we believe this device will have dedicated hardware buttons for this functionality .
.. and yes , it comes with a fully functional web browser , but we cannot confirm or deny flash support .
This information is a Sony Insider exclusive , brought to you here first .
This Kinkajou at the Bronx Zoo is up early this Sunday morning .
Usually nocturnal , this lil '
Dude will claw yer eyes out during the day if disturbed .
So , not dissimilar to your Mother without a gin martini .
Proceed with caution :
Jessica N. , how do Kinkajous respond to the allegation that their schnozzles look like a sloth's ?
Huh !?
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Adobe Photoshop is a very powerful and versatile image editing / graphics creation application that is the industry standard in its category .
Though Photoshop ’s interface is intuitive enough for an absolute beginner to learn basic image editing tasks such as cropping and resizing , to be able to fully master and utilize all of its tools takes a considerable amount of time .
If you ’re interested in honing your Photoshop skills to create spectacular compositions , this is for you .
In this article , you ’ll find 35 basic Photoshop tutorials for getting started with Photoshop .
General tutorials
If you ’ve never had any experience with Photoshop , this tutorial from SitePoint will get you up to speed with Photoshop ’s basic features .
This tutorial outlines Photoshop CS2 ’s interface .
Even if you use an earlier or later version of Photoshop , this tutorial is still helpful in familiarizing yourself with how Photoshop – in general – is laid out .
3. You Suck at Photoshop ( series )
This wildly popular and humorous screencast on Photoshop techniques by ( probably ) fictional character Donnie Hoyle is an excellent Photoshop series to follow if you like laughing and learning at the same time !
4. Photoshop ’s Toolbox
This tutorial goes over the anatomy of Photoshop ’s Toolbox .
Photoshop tools and features
5. Retouch and Healing Tools
Photoshop has a host of tools and options for retouching and correcting images .
This tutorial goes over the tools at your disposal and what situations each tool excels in .
6. Photoshop ’s Pen Tool : The Comprehensive Guide
Photoshop ’s
Pen tool gives you the ability to draw objects in a vector - like fashion .
This thorough tutorial even comes with a practice sheet that will help you master the concepts of working with the Pen tool .
7. Photoshop ’s Painting Tools
Photoshop ’s Painting tools allow you to draw and fill in objects with colors and color gradients .
This tutorial showcases Photoshop ’s painting capabilities .
8. Photoshop Color Replacement Tool
Sometimes you want to replace certain colors in an image .
With the Color Replacement tool – you can specify which colors you ’d like to change and Photoshop will automatically replace them for you .
This tutorial goes through the color replacement process and discusses all the things you need to know about the Color Replacement tool .
One of the fundamental skills to learn in Photoshop is the art of masking ( isolating certain parts of a composition ) .
This comprehensive tutorial goes over the Layer Masking features of Photoshop .
10 . Photoshop ’s Image Masking Tools
There are different methods of masking objects in your Photoshop composition .
This tutorial goes over the basic masking tools available to you .
11 . Layer Styles in Photoshop
Layer Styles are the effects and options you apply to a particular layer .
This tutorial discusses the concept of Layer Styles and how to utilize them in your Photoshop documents .
12 . Understanding Bevel and Emboss
Bevel and Emboss is a particular Layer Style .
There are many options you can tweak and change ( such as the shading and the angle of light ) ; this tutorial goes over what each option does .
13 . Understanding Drop Shadows
Drop Shadow is another Photoshop Layer Style that applies a silhouette to the objects in a layer .
In this tutorial , you ’ll learn about the different options and settings of the Drop Shadow Layer Style .
In this video tutorial , you ’ll learn about the different Blending Modes available at your disposal .
15 . Photoshop ’s Filters
Photoshop filters are simply effects applied to your image ( much like the concept of using photographic lens filters ) .
For example , the Blur filter unsharpens the focus of your images .
This tutorial goes over the Filters interface in Photoshop .
16 . Useful Applications for the Clone Stamp Tool
This tutorial goes over some excellent uses of the Clone Stamp tool in Photoshop .
17 . Getting to Grips with the Vanishing Point Filter
Master the Vanishing Point filter ( a Photoshop filter that adjusts the image ’s perspective ) with this excellent Photoshop tutorial .
The Brush tool is a versatile drawing feature of Photoshop the mimics different art brushes and styles like water coloring , oil painting , or charcoal painting .
This tutorial covers some of the best features of the Brush Tool in Photoshop .
This tutorial goes over the usage of the Background Eraser tool in Photoshop .
Common tasks and techniques
20 . A Comprehensive Introduction to Photoshop Selection Techniques
In order to become a Photoshop master , you ’ll need to understand how to select different sections and objects in your composition .
This guide goes over some techniques you can use to selectively isolate certain objects or groups of objects .
21 . Sharpening the Details
You ’ll often need to sharpen photos for image correction .
In this video tutorial , you ’ll learn about various sharpening techniques .
22 . Saving Images for the Web
One of the most powerful features of Photoshop is its ability to save compositions in a variety of web formats .
This tutorial explains the different options and settings of saving images for the web .
Custom Shapes are reusable objects in Photoshop .
It gets stored in a library and you can access them later on from another Photoshop document .
In this tutorial , you ’ll learn how to create , import , and save your own custom shapes .
24 . Photoshop Smart Objects , smart but not always that smart
Smart Objects are instantiated objects – that is , you can create multiple instances of a source object and make a change to an instance of that object while still keeping the original object intact .
This tutorial goes over how to use Smart Objects .
Enhancing your workflow and efficiency
25 . Using Pen Tablets in Photoshop
You can use a Pen tablet ( an input device that lets you draw images directly into an image editor ) over a mouse to create more accurate drawings by hand .
This tutorial shows you the basic concepts behind utilizing a Pen Tablet to supplement your workflow .
An Action is a sequence of Photoshop tasks that you can repeat and reuse .
For example , if you find yourself constantly resizing images to 550 pixels in width and then saving them in PNG file format , you can record a Photoshop Action that will apply these settings automatically .
This excellent tutorial covers the basics of creating and using Photoshop Actions .
27 . Using Palettes in Photoshop
Palettes are sets of tools and options that help you organize Photoshop ’s interface .
In this tutorial , you ’ll get a great primer on how to take advantage of using Palettes .
You can install pre-made brushes ( instead of creating your own ) in Photoshop as well as save important settings for future use .
This tutorial will show you how to work with brushes and other Photoshop presets .
29 . Layer Comps in Photoshop CS
A Layer Comp is a version of your composition that you can switch back and forth to .
Learn a little about an actual use of Layer Comps .
Shortcuts enable greatly increases your efficiency .
In this excellent tutorial , you ’ll learn about some of the lesser - known but tremendously useful Photoshop shortcuts .
If you do n’t like the preset keyboard shortcuts the Photoshop comes with out of the box , this tutorial will show you how to change and manage your Photoshop shortcuts .
Learning by doing
32 . Manipulate an Image with Scripting
Scripting allows you to automate and extend Photoshop ’s features by authoring your own code .
Learn about Photoshop Scripting with this tutorial that uses image manipulation as a working example .
33 . Use Photoshop ’s Filters to Make Simple Illustrations
Learn to use Photoshop Filters to transform a photo into an illustration .
Learn to create seamless textures in Photoshop .
35 . Simple organic shapes in Photoshop
This tutorial goes over a technique for creating simple organic shapes using several Photoshop tools and techniques such as the Shape Tool and Gradient Masks .
Benefits of Photoshop
Photoshop can help increase the user experience on your site by making images more engaging , and assuring you are getting the most for your SEO budget .
It ’s a great tool to use to build icons , edit pictures , and make the media on your site more appealing to your users .
It ’s so much more than a random color picker because it allows you to change almost anything you can imagine on the media you have on your website .
For highly competitive industries on the internet , such as auto parts , a company can really make their images stand out from the crowds , and make their site more appealing than competitors .
Simple photoshop techniques can make even the most boring of images have a little more pop .
Got more ?
Do you have a tutorial you think will help beginners get started with Photoshop ?
Please share it with us in the comments .
Related content
By Heather Sharp
BBC News , Ramallah
Many say frustration with Mahmoud Abbas is rising in the West Bank
The long , green Hamas banner is only visible for a few minutes , amid the sea of Palestinian flags .
A quick scuffle , a blur of security uniforms , a flash of wooden batons , and one arrest is made .
A few minutes later , another protester is led away .
Palestinian Authority ( PA ) security is high in Ramallah as Palestinians protest against the Israeli military operation in Gaza after Friday prayers .
Chants of " unity , unity " echo around the West Bank town 's al - Manara Square - even as the PA heavies stamp out all signs of their rival faction .
The Middle East 's latest war came amid a bitter feud between Hamas , the militant group that controls Gaza , and the PA in the West Bank , dominated by the Fatah faction of its president , Mahmoud Abbas .
Balance shifted Until Israel launched air strikes on Gaza two weeks ago , the likely date for expected fireworks in the region was 9 January , the day Hamas had long argued that Mr Abbas 's term ended , and on which they vowed they would stop recognising him as PA president .
But what most of the impassioned crowd at the protest describe as a " massacre " in Gaza has shifted the balance slightly .
The message from Hamas is mixed .
A spokesman in Lebanon said on Thursday that by the following day Mr Abbas would no longer be president - but several of the group 's leaders in Gaza have said now is not the time to tackle the issue .
Meanwhile , many say frustration with Mr Abbas is rising in the West Bank .
Before , I was against Hamas , against their political and religious points of view , but after what happened - I 'm supporting Hamas
Sari Sa'adi
In his first statement on the fighting , Mr Abbas angered many Palestinians by saying the Israeli attack could have been avoided if Hamas had renewed the ceasefire of the preceding six months - and by dubbing rocket attacks on southern Israel " acts of foolishness " .
And , as many see it , his jetting around for talks with world leaders has , like his past year of peace talks and expanding co-operation with Israel , delivered little of substance .
" The Israeli onslaught on Gaza has further undermined the credibility of the PA , " says political analyst George Giacaman of Birzeit University .
" Hamas and the Gaza population are perceived as the victim and the PA in the West Bank is at a loss as to what to do , " he says .
Shop owner Tariq Nakhly , 37 , watching the protest from a distance , once supported Mr Abbas - but now agrees with Hamas 's view that he should no longer be president .
" The PA police should n't hit the people .
The PA should stand with the Gazans , not stand against them , " he says .
And engineer Sari Sa'adi too says Mr Abbas " is standing with the wrong side . "
" Before , I was against Hamas , against their political and religious points of view , but after what happened I 'm supporting Hamas . "
New elections ?
However , many at the protest still clearly back Mr Abbas .
Rania Ibragit , 40 , works for the PA and left Gaza " because of Hamas " in the months after the militant group seized control of the Strip in June 2007 and continued to try to stamp out the remaining vestiges of the PA .
" Where is the resistance ? " she asks , of Hamas .
" This is a big slogan , it became a lie There are kids who are bleeding in Gaza for this party or that party to be the leader .
Why do the Palestinian people always have to pay the price ?
" I believe in President Abbas , I have certain points against him but I believe that he does n't want his people to be killed . "
In the debate over Mr Abbas 's term , Hamas has maintained that Mr Abbas was elected for a four - year term , which expired on 9 January .
I believe in President Abbas I believe that he does n't want his people to be killed
Rania Ibragit Mr Abbas said the constitution called for presidential and parliamentary elections to be held simultaneously , and wanted to stay in power until polls for the Palestinian Legislative Council in 2010 .
But the gulf between the two sides stretches far beyond electoral law , despite the slightly more conciliatory tone politicians have taken on since the fighting broke out .
" When this ends I hope it will unite us , and bring everybody back to their senses , " says Rafiq Husseini , Mr Abbas 's chief of staff .
But he denies suggestions that popular sentiment is swinging against Mr Abbas .
" The West Bank is of course with its people in Gaza .
But it also wants to say to Hamas stop giving a pretext to Israel [ by firing rockets ] .
You never play into the hands of your enemy .
People understand this , I am sure , in the West Bank and also in Gaza . "
Mahmoud Mohsen , who was elected as a Hamas MP in 2006 and has been jailed by Israel for much of the time since , now describes himself as an independent .
" We should go back and sit together , talk , negotiate nobody has the right to cancel out the others , " he says .
But he maintains that Hamas won the 2006 elections and " everybody should give them the authority they are supposed to have " .
He is convinced that , despite widespread PA arrests and attempts to quash Hamas activities in the West Bank , the population still backs the militant group .
" They can't say this in public , because they are afraid to be punished or arrested , " he says .
Both men maintain the inevitable solution is elections .
But talks aimed at resolving the dispute around when these should be held broke down in November .
Prof Giacaman suggests that Hamas 's softer line may be linked to its realisation that an eventual truce with Israel will have to involve an element of PA control over the Rafah crossing between Egypt and Gaza .
But even if the demands of brokering a truce do force the feuding factions back to the negotiating table , polls remain a distant prospect as the bombs fall in Gaza .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Buttermilk Chicken Dumplings
When using spices whole , be sure to remove them from the dish before serving .
Grind only as much of the spice as you require , using a mortar and pestle or a small grinder reserved only for that purpose , just prior to adding them to a dish .
Recipe : Buttermilk Chicken Dumplings
Things are looking really good for the Swedish Pirate Party .
Running up to the 2009 European Parliament elections more than half of all Swedish men under 30 are considering voting for them .
Thanks to the Internet , its membership has grown 50 % during the last quarter , surpassing that of the well established Green Party .
When the Swedish Pirate Party was launched three years ago , the majority of the mainstream press viewed them with skepticism , with some simply laughing them away .
Times have changed though .
As the government works to introduce harsher copyright laws and others that threaten the privacy of Sweden ’s citizens , the party is growing stronger and stronger .
In a recent poll , 21 percent of all Swedes indicated that they would consider voting for the Pirate Party in the upcoming European Parliament elections .
Among men in the 18 - 29 age group , this number goes up to a massive 55 % – an unprecedented statistic .
Aside from the support in this poll , more people have joined the party recently .
During the last quarter the membership count increased by 50 % – from 6000 to 9000 – which makes the party larger than the Green Party which currently holds 19 seats in the Swedish parliament .
Swedish Pirate Party Leader Rick Falkvinge told TorrentFreak that the Internet played a big part in the recent successes of the party .
“ We could n’t have done this without the dialog infrastructure that the Net provides .
Oldmedia has lost control of the discourse , ” he said .
With all the controversy surrounding the new anti-piracy and wiretapping legislation , the Pirate Party was often mentioned on blogs , since they are the most outspoken opponent .
For the upcoming European election , the Pirate Party requires 100,000 Swedish votes to get a seat , a goal that is within reach in the current political climate .
Falkvinge is optimistic too , and said “ We need to grow by another 50 % , counting from the Swedish election two years ago , to get seats in the EU parliament and shake the political copyright world at its core .
It ’s hard , it ’s supposed to be hard , but the numbers show we can do it .
We can do this , and the charts are going stratospheric . ”
The Internet will probably play a big role in this election for the Pirate Party , and recent history has shown that this is not only true for parties that carry “ pirate ” in their name .
Elections to the European Parliament will be held in June 2009 , and it ’s going to be very interesting to see how the Pirate Party fares .
Update 19 / Nov/2008 :
This is currently under discussion in the WHATWG and the W3C bug has been marked " wo n't fix " .
For now , cross domain usage is fine .
This is a heads up for a change to the HTML5 media elements that may break existing usage .
If you use < video > or < audio > then you may need to make changes to the way you serve your media resources .
It looks likely the that < video > and < audio > elements will be restricted so that requests for a media resource from a domain other than the page containing the element will be disallowed .
There is a W3C bug ( < video > and < audio&ht ; should prevent cross-origin media loads ) about this .
Once the browsers implement this then default usage of cross domain media resources will fail .
This includes requests for resources on subdomains , or different ports .
So if you have a page on example.com , this will work in the Firefox implementation now , but will break when the change is made :
< video src='http://media.example.com/foo.ogg'></video>
Cross domain usage can be enabled by sending headers along with the file being requested .
The header explicitly says ' this resource can be used cross domain ' .
The protocol for doing this is described in this Access Control document .
If you are hosting your media resource on a third party hosting system you 'll need to ensure that they support these headers if you want to display video and audio on a different domain .
Programs such as Icecast , used to stream video and audio , will also need to be compatible with the Access Control specification if you want to use the streams with < video > or < audio > from a server on a different host or port .
This unfortunately breaks some common patterns for building sites that allow uploadable media , or separate media files into subdomains , until they ( or their software / hosting provider ) supports access control .
Now would seem to be a good time to request access control support if you 're in this situation .
A discussion on this has started on the Theora mailing list .
Jonas Sicking has a good summary of the reasons for the cross domain restriction .
Introducing the Sony DismayStation
If we were any more successful , we ’d be bankrupt . ” — Sony CEO
Howard Stringer on the company ’s LCD business , May 28 , 2008
What a dark day this is for Sony .
Its hand forced by a profound deterioration in the current business environment , the company today slashed its forecast for the current financial year and said it will soon post an annual loss for the first time in 14 years .
And that loss will be far worse than even the most pessimistic forecasts –$ 1.65 billion .
A bitter turn of fortune for Sony ( SNE ) , which as recently as October had claimed it would make a profit this year .
Clearly , the deepening worldwide recession has been particularly cruel to the company .
And though Sony is attempting a perilously overdue restructuring that will trim 16,000 jobs and six factories from its books , analysts are beginning to wonder if the notoriously fragmented company might need to take even more drastic steps .
“ Its business model and operational issues account for 80 - 90 percent of Sony ’s poor earnings , ” Nomura Securities senior analyst Eiichi Katayama told Reuters .
“ Domestic production costs are a concern but this move is not something that would bring it back to the black or cut losses in half .
Sony has to consider ways to lower fixed costs not only for its TV business but for the whole company .
It will have to start cutting development costs in addition to production costs . ”
Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs broke with his usual code of secrecy Monday to explain his health problems , but the disclosure that a hormone imbalance was causing his noticeable weight loss will probably do little to tamp down concerns .
Medical experts said a hormone imbalance in a pancreatic cancer survivor raises red flags about a possible recurrence .
Jobs said in 2004 that he had undergone surgery to treat a rare form of the deadly disease .
Although Jobs is known as one of the nation 's most intensely private corporate leaders , he issued an open letter Monday in which he tried to assure Apple investors and customers that he was healthy enough to lead the pioneering technology company he co-founded .
The 53 - year - old CEO said his doctors discovered his condition had been " robbing " his body of proteins needed for good nutrition .
He is undergoing treatment , which he described as simple and straightforward .
He did not mention cancer in his letter .
" I 've said more than I wanted to say , and all that I am going to say , about this , " Jobs wrote .
Several medical experts , who had no access to Jobs ' health records , said problems other than cancer could have caused a hormone imbalance .
For example , the surgery to remove his tumor could have left Jobs with a pancreas too small to produce the necessary enzymes .
Yet hormone imbalances are common in people who have an active neuroendocrine tumor , not in people who have been cured of the cancer , said Dr. Selwyn M. Vickers , chairman of the surgery department at the University of Minnesota .
An Apple spokesman declined to comment .
The board said it would give Jobs its " complete and unwavering support " while he recovered .
Read the full story here .
-- Dawn C. Chmielewski and Jessica Guynn
Photo credit : Associated Press
As unemployment has hit a 16 - year high and Wall Street shakes off tens of thousands of jobs , affluent couples in the New York area find their families suddenly in flux .
It ’s not only the high - flying income and the attendant abundance that have evaporated .
For many couples , it ’s also the assumption of what their marriages would look like ; the traditional model  executive husband and stay - at - home wife  may be a little dated , or unworkable .
One mother in TriBeCa , who is married , at least for now , to a Wall Street executive , put it rather bluntly : “ My job was to run the household and the children ’s lives , ” she said .
“ His job is to provide us with a nice lifestyle . ”
But his bonus has disappeared , and his annual pay has dropped to $ 150,000 from $ 800,000 a year .
“ Let me just say this , ” she said , “ I ’m still doing my job . ”
The Berrys ’ marriage is n’t as fraught , and they were never the kind of couple who lived bonus to bonus  which may explain why they , unlike most newly unemployed Wall Street families , are willing to open their lives to a reporter .
In good times , they saved , set up college funds for their children and paid off their mortgage .
Aside from a modest car loan , they do n’t carry any debt .
Despite their year of little work , their 11 - year marriage seems as solid as their spacious five - bedroom Colonial home .
It helps , too , that they are not the only ones making adjustments .
They live in an affluent bedroom community of New York , one whose very name has become synonymous with wealth .
The median income for Darien , a village of about 20,000 in Fairfield County , is $ 180,000 .
The median price for homes sold last year was well into seven figures .
But when Scott Berry walks along Darien ’s commercial strip on a weekday , he sees many middle - aged men like him : part of the growing corps of the newly unemployed .
At his local Y.M.C.A. , the out - of - work Masters of the Universe and the professionals who relied on those huge salaries  architects , landscape designers and high - end contractors  can be found pumping iron together at 10 a.m .
“ A lot of them have a deer - in - the - headlights kind of look to them , ” he said .
“ If you have a massive mortgage and your wife has been out of the work force for a decade or more , being laid off can seem crushing . ”
For the past 25 years experimental economists -- of which I am one -- have been infatuated with a pie-splitting problem known as the Ultimatum Game .
Experimental economists are the hands - on tinkerers of my profession ; where other economists attempt to build models from first principles , or extract empirical data from a messy universe , we build our own little universe out of volunteers and computers , and see how our theories work when real people get our hands on them .
The Ultimatum Game is so popular because it is simple to explain and simple to run , yet its results involve one of the most complex problems of society : what are we saying when we say something is " fair " ?
If you 're anything like most Americans , you probably hear or speak that word many times a day .
" It 's not fair ! " screams the petulant child .
" That 's a fair price , " claims the smooth salesman .
" I 'm trying to be fair , " sighs your boss .
The magical mystery of fairness is that everyone knows what people are saying when they claim that something is ( or is n't ) fair -- and yet agreement on fairness itself often eludes us .
The ultimatum game is the economist 's attempt to understand how fairness works .
In the standard version of the game , two people are paired , and one of them is randomly selected to receive $ 10 .
That person is called the " proposer " , while the other volunteer is known as the " responder " .
That 's because once he receives the $ 10 , the proposer has the responsibility of offering some number of his dollars to the responder .
The responder , as the name suggests , gets to decide whether to take that offer .
Here 's the twist : if the responder rejects the offer , neither of them gets anything .
In an experiment run by robots , where neither party has any sense of fairness to be offended , the natural result should be that the proposer offers a single dollar .
After all , $ 1 is better than nothing , and if computers had noses , they would n't cut them off to spite their face .
People , on the other hand , do it all the time .
If they do n't think the offer is enough , they wo n't take it -- they will cost themselves money just to punish the proposer .
They do n't care what is optimal ; they care about what is fair .
If you listen to the discussions that go on during and after these experiments , that 's what you hear , over and over .
The logic tends to be a bit circular :
" Why did the proposer offer $ 5 to the responder ? "
" Because that 's fair . "
" What is a fair outcome in the ultimatum game ? "
" The proposer offers $ 5 to the responder . "
That 's not a very satisfactory defintion : fairness is both the cause for the action , and the effect of it .
We need more precision , because as the Ultimatum Game illustrates , unless markets are fair , they do not work very well .
To coin a phrase , we are always dependent on the fairness of strangers .
Because the word is so central to how markets work , I 've been engaged in a somewhat dizzying struggle to understand it better , or at least clarify how economists apply it to economic behavior .
That 's the topic of my latest paper .
Early in my project I turned to one of my favorite linguists , Anna Wierzbicka of Australia National University , for her insight into the meaning of the word .
Luckily for me , when I emailed her she pointed out that she had recently published a whole chapter on this very topic in her book English : Meaning and Culture .
Did you know that fair is one - to - one untranslatable into any other language -- that it is distinctly Anglo in origin ?
And a relatively new word at that ?
( Late 18th century , actually -- the industrial revolution apparently also vastly enhanced our capacity to complain . )
But the twisted history of " fair " is even more interesting than that .
For the original antonym of fair is not , as most modern Americans would probably expect , unfair .
If you want to understand the roots of fairness , look not to ethicists , but to baseball , which still uses the original dichotomy .
If a ball is hit outside the bounds of fair play , it 's not unfair - - it 's foul .
That 's an important clue .
As Columbia law professor George Fletcher had noted in his 1996 book Basic Concepts of Legal Thought , the Anglo - American notion of fairness is firmly rooted in the rules of a game .
These observations have deep implications for our understanding of this social concept , particularly as it relates to economics .
Let me be clear : I am not claiming that Anglophones are the only fair people on the planet .
It 's just that fair does n't have an exact equivalent in any other language .
Other languages either directly import the English word , as in the German exclamation , " Das ist nicht fair ! " , or fail altogether to have a comparable word , as is the case for French .
German speakers might note that they frequently also use the word gerecht in addition to fair ; French speakers might say that they have not one but two words for it : juste and équitable .
True enough .
However , depending upon context , gerecht is also translatable into English as just or equitable .
That 's a three - to - one translation , not one - to - one , and probably one reason why the Germans directly import the English word .
And while équitable is often translated as " fair " , it can also be rendered as equitable , and similarly , juste can be translated into English as just .
These languages may have the sense of fairness , but we have a word for it that they do not .
All very interesting , but . . . why does this matter ?
For one thing , it suggests that the concept of fairness is not necessarily ubiquitous to human cultures .
More importantly , however , the translation problem actually helps us to pin down the concept of fairness as it relates to justice and equity .
Wierzbicka makes a compelling case for the differences in meaning among fair , just , and equitable , which can be illustrated by the rules of another game .
When the NBA suspends players for leaving the bench to join a fight on the court , the question that sports commentators debate is " Are the suspensions fair ? " , not " Are the suspensions just ? " , nor " Are the suspensions equitable ? "
There 's no moral first principle that tells us whether players on the bench should be allowed to join fights .
Nor is the central issue whether all the players got punished equally .
As Steve Pinker might note , the case for claiming that the words are different is simply that it does n't feel right to substitute the words interchangeably in context after context , even if some contexts are ambiguous .
The question then becomes , what are the common features of the contexts in which we feel uneasy using a word other than fair ?
Wierzbicka 's research indicated that there are two key contextual elements that make fair precisely the right word for the situation .
First , the circumstances entail a tradeoff in welfare between individuals : some action benefits one person at the expense of another .
The second element is that other people in the community think that there are limits to how much people are allowed to cost others in order to benefit themselves .
Suspending players who join fights makes all basketball players better off by decreasing the number of fights that get out of hand .
Nonetheless , suspensions are hotly debated , because the community demands balance -- suspensions need to be long enough to deter fights without crippling the careers of the players involved .
The desired balance is highly context - specific , and so sports commentators and fans endlessly discuss exactly what circumstances are relevant in determining what constitutes acceptable suspensions .
A player coming off the bench to engage a fight on the court calls for much different response than a player already on court , or a player who heads into the stands to deck a fan .
How does this free us from that circular reasoning we saw in the ultimatum game ?
Instead of looking inwards for some inherent sense of the word , we look outward , towards the community standards that externally ground the interaction .
When two subjects are randomly assigned to the roles of proposer and responder , it is not some pure platonic ideal of fairness that causes a proposer to offer $ 5 .
Rather , the proposer knows that other people would think offering less than $ 5 is below the socially acceptable limit in this situation , and so the proposer obeys those tacit rules .
This explains another widely observed phenomenon : proposers who have earned the right be the proposer , say by doing well on a quiz , offer much less to responders than those who are randomly chosen .
What is truly amazing is how accurately proposers ascertain the limits of what they can offer .
The rate at which their responders reject their offers does n't change when proposers who have earned their position offer them a smaller portion of the pie [ 1 ] .
We ( most of us ) implicitly agree that earning an advantaged position calls for the application of different rules than does randomly endowing someone with a windfall .
Moreover , we all have a pretty good sense of what those rules are ; most offers are accepted .
No matter how much we may feel that fairness is a pure principle , it 's really a regular social rule , a custom .
( Another surprispingly revealing word : you have probably seen the words " customary rates " applied to gratuities and sales commissions ) .
Fairness really boils down to an issue of agreement : can we agree on what rules this particular context calls for ?
In a future post , I 'll expand on what this means for markets and public policy .
Until then , let me leave you with another observation of how a small change in the circumstances changes behavior .
A while back , experimenters tried to focus the proposers on the responder 's alternatives by asking them to consider what the responder might be expecting .
The experimenters expected this to lower the average offer , by reminding proposers of the fact that anything they gave the responders was better than nothing .
What they found , to their surprise , was that proposers significantly increased their offers .
Just mulling the " customary rate " seems to lead proposers to focus on the possibility that responders may not agree with a lower offer -- and hence to make higher offers . [ 2 ]
That 's why we 're hands - on tinkerers .
You never know what you 're going to get until you actually run the experiment .
Update : The New Yorker 's James Surowiecki :
The New Yorker 's James Surowiecki asks a good question about how much cross-cultural variation there really is in our sense of fairness .
The answer is , a surprising amount
[ 1 ] [ Hoffman , Elizabeth , Kevin McCabe , Keith Shachat , and Vernon L. Smith .
1994 .
" Preferences , Property Rights , and Anonymity in Bargaining Games . "
Games and Economic Behavior , 7( 3 ) : 346-380 ]
[ 2 ] [ Hoffman , Elizabeth , Kevin McCabe , and Vernon L. Smith .
2000 .
" The Impact of Exchange Context on the Activation of Equity in Ultimatum Games . "
Experimental Economics , 3 ( 1 ) : 5 - 9 ]
THIS ARTICLE WAS WRITTEN TO PROVE , ONCE AND FOR ALL , THAT WE ARE NOT BEING TOLD THE TRUTH ABOUT THE NASA FILM FOOTAGE OF THE APOLLO MISSIONS .
THIS WILL ASTOUND EVEN THE MOST HARDENED SCEPTIC AND CONVINCE MANY PEOPLE THAT THE WHOLE APOLLO MOON PROJECT OF THE LATE 1960's AND EARLY 70's WERE A COMPLETE HOAX .
VIDEO LINKS ARE PROVIDED SO YOU CAN WATCH WITH YOUR OWN EYES THE 'OFFICIAL NASA FOOTAGE ' THAT PROVES THAT WE REALLY HAVEN'T BEEN TOLD THE WHOLE TRUTH !!!
PLEASE NOTE : A new updated version of this article is now in the process of appearing at our new site HERE .
Over the next few weeks , this 5 part epic will be added to the site .
Part
One is available now - please click the link after reading this article for the latest update .
( CLICK ON THE FRAMED PICTURES TO VIEW THE FILM EVIDENCE ..
ALL FILMS ARE IN
All pictures and Movies on this page are either copyright of NASA , Aulis or The Disclosure Project .
Evidence Of NASA Airbrushing
Out Moon Anomalies
Before we get into the issue of the Apollo moon landings , I would like to finally show evidence of NASA airbrushing out anomalies on the Moons surface .
I have claimed since this website began in 1999 that NASA has been covering up what they have found and filmed on the Moon from lunar orbit and now I have the film evidence to back up that claim .
For many years now I have been subjected to flaming from the pro-NASA fraternity , claiming that such evidence does not exist .
Well , here 's your wake up call !
Bill Kaysing was a librarian / writer of technical publications and advanced research at Rocketdyne Systems from 1956 to 1963 .
He states that it was estimated in 1959 that there was a .0014 chance of landing man on the Moon and returning him safely to Earth .
This took into account the effects of radiation , solar flares and micro meteorites .
He could not believe in 1959 that man could go to the Moon .
However , only 2 years later , American President John F. Kennedy set a goal in May 1961 , when he made the following famous speech .
' I believe that this nation should commit itself .
To achieving the goal , before this decade is out , of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth .
No single space project in this period will be more impressive to mankind or more important for the long range exploration of Space . '
It was just eight years later in 1969 , that man finally left Earth and set foot on the Moon ...
Or so we have been led to believe .
I would like to show you some astonishing evidence that shows glaring mistakes or anomalies on the ' official record ' of NASA film footage and still photographs .
I have included the actual official Apollo film footage on this page to illustrate and also possibly educate you , the reader , of the anomalies and to let you see with your own eyes what has become one of the biggest cover-ups in the history of Mankind .
I will also explain why the US Government has tried to keep this a secret for over 30 years .
I would like to suggest that if Man did go to the Moon during the missions , the Apollo films that we were told were filmed on the Moon are bogus and not the real footage .
Evidence suggests that Man could not travel to the Moon 's surface , but instead they had to stay in near Earth orbit within the safety of the Earth 's magnetic field that would have protected them from the radiation that is emitted by the Van Allen radiation belt !!!
But why would NASA and the United States bother to fake such an event and to what cause I hear you ask ?
Please read on and I will explain .
Was man too optimistic about what we could actually do in deep space , and was President Kennedy 's speech in May 1961 pressure enough to keep the hoax going ?
David Percy is an award winning television and film producer , a professional photographer and also a member of the Royal Photographic Society .
He is co-author , along with Mary Bennett , of the fascinating book ' Dark Moon : Apollo and the Whistle - Blowers ' ( ISBN 1-898541-10 -8 ) .
The majority of the film footage on this page is taken from the film ' What Happened on the Moon ? ' , a film that also features Percy and Bennett and one which I strongly recommend if you have an interest in the Apollo missions ( details of how to purchase the video are at the bottom of this article ) .
Percy firmly believes that the Apollo footage was either faked or not the original film that was shot on the Moon .
He believes that many anomalous features that would alert the eagle eyed viewer , could have been placed in the films by whistle blowers who were deeply dissatisfied to be a part of the cover - up .
He has studied the entire transfer of the original film on video tape , a feat that not many people have done .
What many people did not realize at the time was that a lot of the footage was actually pre-recorded and not live at all .
The first anomalous piece of footage I would like to discuss is from the 1972 Apollo 16 Mission .
There is a major discrepancy between the still photograph taken with a Hasselblad 500 EL / 70 camera and the TV coverage film which was shot from a stationary movie camera placed behind the astronauts .
The movie sequence ( that is viewable by clicking the picture to the left ) shows one of the astronauts making a jump salute whilst another astronaut takes a still photo with the Hasselblad camera .
On the still photo ( that is pictured left ) we see a flap of triangular fabric that has come loose and flapped up behind the astronauts head .
However the TV film which was shot from behind the astronaut does n't show the flap ?
Why not ?
Another example that appears to be faked is the footage of Earth taken from the Apollo 11 when it was 130,000 miles away .
This is the very first view ever taken of Earth on the mission and it seems strange that Buzz Aldrin would film the Earth when he was stood far away from the window , why would he do that ?
Surely you would want to get close to the window to get the best picture and also to eliminate light reflections that are evident towards the end of this sequence ?
But no , we see the window frame come into view on the left of the shot .
The camera is n't set to infinity either to get the closest shot .
The window frame that comes into shot would have been out of focus if it was .
Did the astronauts actually film a transparency of the Earth that was stuck to the window ?
You may think this odd , but a few minutes after filming the Earth , the cameraman adjusts his lens and focuses on Mike Collins inside the craft .
What we see is what appears to be an exposure of the Earth taped to the window that is in the background to the right of him .
That is the very same window that Aldrin was filming the Earth .
But the biggest shock is yet to come !
The camera pans left past Neil Armstrong towards the left hand side of the Apollo 11 , and what do we see out of the left window ???
We see what appears to be another Earth ...
Go on , watch the video by clicking the picture above and you 'll see it with your own eyes !
It must also be noted that the Apollo 11 at this point of the mission was supposedly half way to the Moon .
The time elapsed was 34 hours and 16 minutes , but from the view of Earth in the right hand window , we can say that in fact they were not in deep space at all , but still in low Earth orbit !
look at the blue sky outside .
That would also explain why they would be filming an exposure of the Earth that was far away , to give the impression that they were in deep space .
The exposure would be clipped to the window and the Sun 's luminance would light it up , a technique that was used to read star charts to help with navigation and star reference .
Anomalies with the film footage !
Hasselblad were the manufacturer of the camera that took all of the photos on the Apollo missions .
Jan Lundberg was the Manager Of Space Projects at Hasselblad from 1966 to 1975 and responsible for the production and building of the Hasselblad 500 EL / 70 cameras that were used on the Apollo Missions .
He says ' Originally NASA made all the alterations themselves , then they presented what they had done to us and asked if we could do the same , to which we replied yes we can , and we can do it better .
We proceeded to make the alterations that were accepted by NASA . '
Protective plates were added to the case and film magazine .
An important factor to take into consideration is the great variations in temperature that the film would have had to endure whilst on the lunar surface .
The temperature during the Apollo missions were recorded as being between - 180 F in the shade to an incredible +200 F in full Sunshine .
How could the film emulsion have withstood such temperature differences ?
The astronauts can be seen to move between the shadows of the rocks and then into full sunlight in some shots .
Surely the film would have perished under such conditions ?
If the film used during the Apollo missions had such qualities as to withstand such differences in temperature , why are Kodak not publicly selling them in today 's market ?
On all Apollo footage there should be cross hairs or reticules present on the film .
These crosshairs were ,
according to NASA , placed on the film to help calculate distances on the Moon .
The crosshairs were actually built into the camera and therefore should be visible on every single picture taken by the astronauts on the surface of the Moon .
Incidentally , Jan Lundberg has stated that the only way that you could calculate the distance in the shot using the crosshairs would be if you had two cameras set up to take a stereo picture !
Take a look at the pictures presented here and you will see that parts of the crosshairs have disappeared from the film .
This is impossible unless the film has been tampered with .
The crosshairs should be completely visible in all shots and not hidden behind objects in the pictures .
The only solution must be that NASA has gone to the trouble of either airbrushing out certain objects in the film , or added them over the crosshairs !
Why does this rock have a letter ' C ' on it ?
There is also a ' C ' on the ground in front of the rock .
The use of the letter C on film props is well known by the people in Hollywood and is used to show where the centre of the scene should be .
One sceptic on the Bad astronomy sceptics web group has even said it is a hair ??? on both the rock and ground ?
Now who 's trying to cover things up ?
One of the biggest anomalies that appear on the Moon shots are the way in which shadows seem to be cast in totally different directions , even when the objects making the shadows are a mere few feet apart ?
A classic example can be viewed by clicking the picture to the right .
If the guy on the left was near a vertical rise of ground ( as has been suggested ) his shadow would show a definite ' crease ' where the land begins to rise .
It does n't !
Question :
How can an astronaut cast a shadow several feet taller than his colleague who is standing a few feet away from him ?
Answer :
He is standing farther away from the arc light that is illuminating them both .
I truly believe that this footage is taken on a film set , you cannot reproduce this strange shadow phenomenon with natural light , and that includes taking into consideration two natural light sources ( the Earth and Sun ) as many sceptics would have you believe .
The video on the left contains film footage from the Apollo 11 , 12 and 14 missions that would suggest that there are many light sources lighting the so - called Moon 's surface .
In the Apollo 11 film the shadow cast by Armstrong is strange , the sun angle is estimated at 10 degrees above the horizon .
Now compare it with the Apollo 12 footage that shows a longer shadow .
The sun is at a 15 degree angle and so therefore the Apollo 12 shadow should have been shorter .
In the Apollo 14 footage look at the shadow as it does some truly amazing manoeuvres !
this is consistent with moving away from a source of light that is close to the astronauts .
Some of the lighting on ' official NASA film ' are very suspect .
The NASA picture to the left should show the astronaut in complete shadow because the sun is behind him , and yet the whole of the astronaut is caught in bright light ?
The shot should appear like the one on the right which was simulated by David Percy .
I have had quite a few debates on the web about the picture above and the others on this page .
I 'm told by sceptics that the picture appears as it does because you have to remember that two light sources are present on the Moon 's surface ( the Sun and Earth glow ) .
I do not doubt that there could be reflective light from the Earth , but , in my opinion , if a light is bright enough to light up this astronauts suit , it is sure capable of also producing another shadow behind him ...
Sceptics believe that he is illuminated by light reflecting off the Moon 's surface .
As I 've stated elsewhere on this page , the reflectivity is only 7 % so the theory of the light bouncing from the surface is highly suspect .
If this were the case , the rock on the left of the picture would have hardly a shadow because it is closer to the source where the light is reckoned to be reflecting from !
Shadows do not appear to be correct on several of the Moon shots .
Take the picture to the left for example .
The shadow on the LEM is due East and yet the shadows on the rocks in the foreground are South East ?
A simulation by David Percy of how the shadows should normally appear is illustrated in the picture to the right .
If two light sources are at work on the Moon 's surface , they would combine together and the shadows would fall accordingly , not at random points .
Unless the sceptics are saying that Sunlight is falling in the middle of the picture and there is Earth light at the forefront of the picture ?
And that would go against known physics .
During the Apollo missions , the movie cameras were fitted with special night lenses to compensate for the lack of light .
Due to the atmospheric conditions on the Moon 's surface , only 7 % of light is reflected from the ground ( that 's the same reflectivity as asphalt ) .
So , taking this into consideration , how did the Hasselblad stills camera manage to pick up more detail than the movie cameras ?
NASA have confirmed that no artificial lighting was used on the Moon 's surface , so how can the stills camera take pictures that were brighter and sharper than the movie cameras that were fitted with special lenses to compensate for the dark conditions ?
The picture to the right shows you just how dark a place the Moon is .
Look how dark the shadows are on the side of the rocks .
Watch the film sequence to the left that has both movie and still pictures to compare the difference .
It 's interesting to note that the still photos seem to have Aldrin brightly lit , in comparison to the gloomy motion picture images that had the special night lens on it ?
It appears that artificial lighting was used or has been added to the still photos to show better features on Aldrin 's suit and the Lunar Lander .
Because of the lack of atmosphere on the surface of the Moon , the shadows would be intensely black .
As illustrated in the above motion picture , why is there such a vast difference in the light from the two cameras , unless the still shots were lit by artificial lighting ?
NASA have said that no lighting was taken to the Moon , but this can not be true when you view the evidence .
The still pictures seem to show that Aldrin is being artificially lit as he descends the ladder .
The reflectivity of the Lunar surface is so low , that light does not even reflect onto the rocks that are on the ground , yet the light in these pictures are so intense , even Aldrin 's heel protector on his boot is lit up !
Dr. David Groves who works for Quantech Image Processing has done some analysis of these particular shots and has used resources to pinpoint the exact point at which the artificial light was used .
Knowing the focal length of the camera 's lens and being able to get hold of an actual boot , he has calculated that the artificial light source is between 24 and 36 cm to the right of the camera .
If the TV footage is actually real , then I could understand this , as the movie images are very dark and grainy , but I believe that the still photographs are definitely faked .
Lets move onto the famous picture of Buzz Aldrin that shows the LEM , Neil Armstrong and landing site in the reflection of his visor .
One of the strange things with this picture is that the reticule that is supposed to be in the middle of the picture actually shows up at the bottom of Aldrin 's right leg ?
How can this be when the camera is attached to the cameraman 's chest ???
A fact that is easily verifiable by the reflection of the cameraman in the visor .
Many people have speculated that the pictures have been retouched to bring up the detail of the astronauts .
But this cannot be applied to the Apollo 11 photographs because a duplicate copy of the original Armstrong film has been analyzed and shows that the pictures are all on one continuous roll of film that contains over 100 images .
Even Jan Lundberg from Hasselblad , the makers of the camera , says that the pictures seem as though Armstrong is standing in a spotlight .
The only way the reticule could appear in the bottom of the leg is if the picture had been copied and reframed !!!
The horizon is about 89 degrees from the true vertical .
Dr Groves has worked out that after analysing the shadows cast by both the astronaut in the picture and the supposed cameraman in the visor , that Armstrong who is taking the picture is standing on ground that is a mere few inches higher than where Aldrin is stood ,
If this is the case , then it means that whoever took the shot was in fact at least 2 feet higher than Aldrin and therefore means that Armstrong , although visible with the camera in the visor , is not the actual person who took the shot .
During Apollo 12 , one of the cameras suffered a malfunction after the lens had been pointed towards the Sun .
As you can see from the sequence here , although the viewing public were told at the time that the camera had burnt out , the lens is still working ?
the camera did n't actually burn out at all .
The very same thing happened on Apollo 15 where the camera 's lens did n't burn out .
It is interesting to note that during the Apollo 16 mission , one of the astronauts who was being told by Houston to adjust the camera asked if he should point the camera towards the Sun ??
even though the manual from the camera specifically points out not to do this ?
You may be interested to see what the astronauts say on this film while this camera fiasco was taking place .
We have to remember that the camera used did n't actually have any viewfinder , and the astronauts could not see the whole of the camera that was strapped to their chests due to the restrictions posed by their spacesuits .
They had to use their body to point in the rough direction of their subject .
The astronauts even had to change the lens whilst stood outside on the lunar surface , wearing their heavy gloves .
A feat that is quite hard to believe considering the very awkward pressurized gauntlets that they were wearing .
The precaution of changing the film inside the LEM was not adhered to and could have ended in disaster if the film had actually been dropped into the dust on the ground .
And what about the exposure to the heat ?
It would have been virtually impossible to change the film and adjust the lenses in such apparatus .
However in certain films , they do seem to be wearing different gloves that do not seem to be pressurized ?
How can we see so much detail on the gold portion of the Lunar Lander in this picture ?
As is evident by the shadow in front of the module , the Sun is in the background and the gold area should be covered with shadow , not Sunlight ?
And why does the ' Sun ' have a halo around it if the Moon has no atmosphere ?
Why Did The Apollo 11 Crew Lie
About being in deep space ?
This footage shows the Apollo 11 crew pre-recording supposed ' live ' footage .
Armstrong claims that they are 130,000 miles from Earth , and yet we soon discover that the camera is placed on the other side of the cabin , with the windows blacked out , filming the Earth through the round window opposite .
Why would they do this if they wanted the best shot of the Earth ?
The answer is simple - to fool the public into thinking that it is far away , when in fact the craft is still in Earth orbit .
How do we know this ?
Because just before the camera is turned off , the windows are uncovered to reveal blue sky !
Australian Viewers See Something
That Proves Apollo 11 Was A Fake
In western Australia during the live broadcast of the Apollo 11 moon landing , several people saw a very unusual occurrence .
One viewer , Una Ronald watched the telecast and was astonished with what she saw .
The residents of Honeysuckle Creek , Australia , actually saw a different broadcast to the rest of the World .
Just shortly before Armstrong stepped onto the Moons surface , a change could be seen where the picture goes from a stark black to a brighter picture .
Honeysuckle Creek stayed with the picture and although the voice transmissions were broadcast from Goldstone , the actual film footage was broadcast from Australia .
As Una watched Armstrong walking on the surface of the Moon she spotted a Coke bottle that was kicked in the right hand side of the picture .
This was in the early hours of the morning and she phoned her friends to see if they had seen the same thing , unfortunately they had missed it but were going to watch the rebroadcast the next day .
Needless to say , the footage had been edited and the offending Coke bottle had been cut out of the film .
But several other viewers had seen the bottle and many articles appeared in The West Australian newspaper .
Western Australia received their coverage in a different way to the rest of the World .
They were the only Country where there was n't a delay to the ' live ' transmission .
Bill Kaysing says ' NASA and other connected agencies could n't get to the Moon and back and so went to ARPA ( Advanced Research Projects Agency ) in Massachusetts and asked them how they could simulate the actual landing and space walks .
We have to remember that all communications with Apollo were run and monitored by NASA , and therefore journalists who thought they were hearing men on the Moon could have easily been misled .
All NASA footage was actually filmed off TV screens at Houston Mission Control for the TV coverage ...
No one in the media were given the raw footage . '
Bill Wood is a highly qualified scientist and has degrees in mathematics , physics and chemistry , and a space rocket and propulsion engineer .
He has been granted high security clearance for a number of top secret projects and has worked with Macdonald Douglas and engineers who worked on the Saturn 5 rocket ( the Apollo launch vehicle ) .
He worked at Goldstone as a Communications Engineer during the Apollo missions .
Goldstone in California , USA , were responsible for receiving and distributing the pictures sent from the Apollo to Houston .
He says early video machines were used to record the NASA footage here on Earth by the TV networks .
They received the FM carrier signal on Earth , ran it through an FM demodulator and processed it in an RCA scan converter that took the slow scan signal and converted it to the US standard black and white TV signal .
The film was then sent onto Houston .
When they were converting from slow scan to fast scan , RCA used disc and scan recorders as a memory and it played back the same video several times until it got an updated picture .
In other words the signal was recorded onto video one then converted to video two .
Movie film runs at 30 frames per second , whereas video film runs at 60 frames per second .
So in other words the footage that most people saw that they thought was ' live ' was n't , and was actually 50 % slower than the original footage !!!
This picture from Apollo 15 is really quite an amazing feat of camera work if you consider that it was taken without any means of knowing if everything was in shot .
No viewfinder , no one to tell you if everything is in shot .
Is n't it strange that the only thing visible on the dark part of the Lunar Lander is the American Flag ?
You cant put that down to two light sources .
More likely a NASA artist and an airbrush !
This picture was later used on postcards and NASA advertising .
Did you know that the picture to the right is the only close - up picture taken of Armstrong on the Moon ... a bit strange considering that he was the first man to step onto the lunar surface .
Why only one picture of the first man on the Moon ?
Why No Dust ?
The lunar lander used two engines stacked on top of one another .
The LEM 's descent engine used hyperbolic propellants , that means two different fuels that light at the same time .
The exhaust jet coming out of the LEM on descent or ascent should have created an enormous cloud of reddish coloured gas , instead we see the bursting apart of the milar covering as it leaves the Moons surface ?
The fuel used are exactly the same as used on the Shuttle today , and we can clearly see the exhaust smoke coming from them , so why not the LEM ?
Surely there should have been some type of crater under the Apollo landing modules , especially the Apollo 12 , as it slowly moved across the moon 's surface before landing .
The 5000 degree Fahrenheit heat from the 10,000 lb thrust of the engine should have produced at least some volcanic rock .
If you compare the molten volcanic rock at Mount Etna , that was boiled at only 1000 Celsius .
I have heard some sceptics claim that the engines force would have been dispersed mainly sideways , but if this is so , what actually held up the 2,300 lbs of lunar lander when it was on its descent to the Lunar surface ?
Why was there not any dust in the landing pads either ?
There is certainly lots of dust scattered when the LEM is leaving the Moon and if the engine simply blew all the dust away from around the LEM as it landed , how did Armstrong manage to create that famous footprint ?
Do you seriously believe that Neil Armstrong could land the Lunar Module by trying to judge the terrain below from a very restrictive view of the Moons surface from the small triangular window positioned on the side of the craft ?
Apollo 13
By the time of the Apollo 13 Mission in April 1970 , public interest in space travel was beginning to diminish .
This could have been partly due to most of the previous Apollo 12 Mission having to rely mainly on an audio transmission , due to the camera malfunctions encountered .
Was this a factor in the alleged near disaster on the Apollo 13 mission ?
Were NASA trying to get back the publics attention and therefore guarantee the continued funding of the US Government ?
On the 13th hour of the 13th day of the 13th Apollo Mission , disaster struck when an oxygen tank exploded .
The film here sees the astronauts from the Apollo 13 just before they transferred to the LEM , the craft is allegeded to be some 200,000 miles from Earth .
If we look out of the window we see blue sky ?
how can this be if they are in deep space ???
Surely the windows should be showing black space , unless they are in near Earth orbit of course ?
Take a look at the two pictures below .
As pointed out by Percy and Bennett in ' What happened on the Moon ? ' , the picture on the left shows the Odyssey after it was damaged by the oxygen tank explosion ... the one on the right shows a normal shot of a command and service module with its cover removed from the scientific instrument bay .
D o they look similar to you ?
How could Astronaut Fred Haise state the crew aboard Apollo 13 could see Frau Mauro ?
At the time of the accident , Frau Mauro , which was to be the original landing site of the Apollo 13 , was in darkness and would remain so for the entire time that the Apollo 13 was near the Moon .
In fact it did not reappear until 88 hours after the Apollo 13 had left .
By this time the Apollo would have been 19,000 miles away on its way back to Earth , making it impossible for any of the crew to see Frau Mauro during the mission .
How did NASA recreate the effects of weightlessness ???
Some sceptics have asked , ' If this footage was n't taken on the Moon , how do you explain the astronauts being able to ' bounce ' around on the surface , you could n't do that here on Earth ? '
' How would you reproduce the effects of the 1/6th gravity of the Moon ? '
If the same sceptics cared to double the speed of the film , they would see that the astronauts do n't act any differently to how they would on Earth !
Lets take a look at some footage that seems to show astronauts suspended by a thin wire .
In fact , if you look closely , you will see the light refl ecting off the wires above the astronaut .
Watch how the astronaut seems to be almost jumping on the spot to turn around in the next sequence , its rather similar to the practice rig used in training here on Earth .
In the last sequence of this footage , see how the astronaut who has fallen over , gets up .
He stands up without putting his hands on the ground , or the other astronaut helping him .
just like a puppet on a string !!!
Many sceptics will probably try and convince you that the hammer and feather experiment which was achieved during the Apollo 15 mission could not be recreated in a studio .
Well , here is the original NASA footage on the left and on the right is a very similar experiment which is simulated and comes from the ' What happened on our Moon ? ' video .
The simulation is carried out within a 1G atmosphere here on Earth , so that blows that one out of the water .
RADIATION
Radiation plays a big part in space travel .
Solar flares could have affected the astronauts at any time .
The Apollo leaving Earth would travel through 2 specific areas of very high radiation called the Van Allen Belt .
The first field is 272 miles out from Earth .
The amount of radiation in the belts actually varies from year to year , but every 11 years its at its worst when the sunspot cycle is at its highest .
And guess what ?
1969 to 1970 was one of the worst times to go , as this was the time where the radiation was at its peak .
I have had numerous internet chats with sceptics who say that the radiation would not play a part in the missions because Man would have not been in the radiation belt for too long .
My answer to that is , when Dentists or Doctors take X ray pictures they either leave the room or stand behind a sheet of thick lead to shelter from the radiation .
Why did NASA only use a small sheet of aluminium to protect the astronauts when they knew that the radiation levels in Space and on the Moon 's surface would be many hundreds of times more deadly ?
And why would they risk their astronauts to such conditions ?
In 1959 Bill Kaysing was privy to a study made by the Russians .
The Russians discovered that the radiation on the moon would require astronauts to be clothed in four feet of lead to avoid being killed .
Why did n't NASA heed their warnings ?
Did you know that the US Government tried to blast a hole in the belt 248 miles above Earth in 1962 ?
During Operation Starfish Prime a Megaton Nuclear Bomb was used to try and force an unnatural corridor through the Van Allen Belt ...
Unfortunately , the radiation levels actually got worse , not better .
What they created was a third belt that was 100 times more intense than the natural belts , and as estimated by Mary Bennett in ' Dark Moon - Apollo and the Whistle - Blowers , by 2002 this artificial zone will still have 25 times more radiation than the other 2 belts .
There is no agreement to how wide these radiation belts actually are .
Dr James Van Allen , the discoverer of the belts estimated that they were at least 64,000 miles deep , but NASA say they are only 24,000 miles deep .
Each Apollo craft spent approximately 4 hours within the belts .
So to what lengths did NASA take to shield the astronauts against the radiation ?
Its accepted that a minimum of 10 cm width of aluminium would be needed at the very least to keep out radiation .
However the walls of the Apollo craft and capsule were made as thin and as light as possible and as a result the craft initially could not carry enough air inside to withstand the equivalent to sea level air pressure .
NASA had to reduce air pressure inside the cabin to cope .
Here are the official stats from a NASA website : ( http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/pao/History/alsj/frame.html)
' At sea level , the Earth 's atmosphere is a mixture of gases - primarily of nitrogen ( 78 % by volume ) , oxygen ( 21 % ) , water vapour ( varying amounts depending on temperature and humidity ) , and traces of carbon dioxide and other gases .
Oxygen is , by far , the most important component of what we breathe and , indeed , the Apollo astronauts breathed almost pure oxygen laced with controlled amounts of water vapour .
With the nitrogen eliminated , the cabin pressure could be considerably less than sea -level pressure on Earth - about 4.8 psi ( pounds per square inch ) versus 14.7 psi - and , consequently , the cabin walls could be relatively thin and , therefore , light in weight . '
One of the worst sun flares ever recorded happened in August 1972 , which was between the Apollo 16 and 17 missions .
This single flare would have delivered 960 rem of virtually instant death to any astronaut who was up in Space , and yet all of the Apollo astronauts were carrying out their missions in what amounts to nothing more than a thick linen suit .
These pressure suits may have helped protect the astronauts against heat or micro meteorites , but certainly would not have given any radiation protection .
By the way , there is no known method of registering when and how strong Solar flare activity will be .
So , rather like hitting a bingo jackpot , I guess NASA just struck lucky !
The radiation would have greatly affected the film that was shot on the Moon .
Physicist Dr David Groves Ph.D. , has carried out radiation tests on similar film and found that the lowest radiation level ( 25 rem ) applied to a portion of the film after exposure made the image on the film almost entirely obliterated .
Why did n't that happen to the Apollo films ?
Readers will be interested to hear that the biggest Solar Flare for 25 years was recorded in April , 2001 .
So sceptics who are claiming that NASA know when the Solar Flares are going to appear are talking rubbish - as usual .
If this were the case , why did n't they bring down the astronauts from the Shuttle and ISS if they knew this gigantic Solar Flare was about to erupt ?
Probably the most convincing argument however about the dangers of radiation to astronauts comes from NASA themselves .
Read this report made on 8th September , 2005 .
It makes very interesting reading , especially when you have a number of sceptics like I have breathing down my neck trying to claim otherwise !
How much radiation awaits lunar colonists ?
A new NASA mission aims to find out
September 8 , 2005 : On the Moon , many of the things that can kill you are invisible : breathtaking vacuum , extreme temperatures and space radiation top the list .
Vacuum and temperature NASA can handle ; spacesuits and habitats provide plenty of air and insulation .
Radiation , though , is trickier .
The surface of the Moon is baldly exposed to cosmic rays and solar flares , and some of that radiation is very hard to stop with shielding .
Furthermore , when cosmic rays hit the ground , they produce a dangerous spray of secondary particles right at your feet .
All this radiation penetrating human flesh can damage DNA , boosting the risk of cancer and other maladies .
Above :
The surface of the Moon is exposed to space radiation .
According to the Vision for Space Exploration , NASA plans to send astronauts back to the Moon by 2020 and , eventually , to set up an outpost .
For people to live and work on the Moon safely , the radiation problem must be solved .
" We really need to know more about the radiation environment on the Moon , especially if people will be staying there for more than just a few days , " says Harlan Spence , a professor of astronomy at Boston University
To carefully measure and map the Moon 's radiation environment , NASA is developing a robotic probe to orbit the Moon beginning in 2008 .
Called the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) , this scout will pave the way for future human missions not only by measuring space radiation , but also by hunting for frozen water and mapping the Moon 's surface in unprecedented detail .
LRO is a key part of NASA 's Robotic Lunar Exploration Program , managed by the Goddard Space Flight Center .
One of the instruments onboard LRO is the Cosmic Ray Telescope for the Effects of Radiation ( CRaTER ) .
" Not only will we measure the radiation , we will use plastics that mimic human tissue to look at how these highly energetic particles penetrate and interact with the human body , " says Spence , who is the Principal Investigator for CRaTER .
By placing the radiation detectors in CRaTER behind various thicknesses of a special plastic that has similar density and composition to human tissue , Spence and his colleagues will provide much - needed data : Except for quick trips to the Moon during the Apollo program , most human spaceflight has occurred near Earth where our planet 's magnetic field provides a natural shield .
In low - Earth orbit , the most dangerous forms of space radiation are relatively rare .
That 's good for astronauts , but it leaves researchers with many unanswered questions about what radiation does to human tissue .
CRaTER will help fill in the gaps .
Right :
The CRaTER telescope consists of silicon radiation detectors ( red ) mounted on detector boards ( green ) , separated by pieces of " tissue - equivalent " plastic ( tan ) . [ More ]
Out in deep space , radiation comes from all directions .
On the Moon , you might expect the ground , at least , to provide some relief , with the solid body of the Moon blocking radiation from below .
Not so .
When galactic cosmic rays collide with particles in the lunar surface , they trigger little nuclear reactions that release yet more radiation in the form of neutrons .
The lunar surface itself is radioactive !
So which is worse for astronauts : cosmic rays from above or neutrons from below ?
Igor Mitrofanov , a scientist at the Institute for Space Research and the Russian Federal Space Agency , Moscow , offers a grim answer : " Both are worse . "
Mitrofanov is Principle Investigator for the other radiation - sensing instrument on LRO , the Lunar Exploration Neutron Detector ( LEND ) , which is partially funded by the Russian Federal Space Agency .
By using an isotope of helium that 's missing one neutron , LEND will be able to detect neutron radiation emanating from the lunar surface and measure how energetic those neutrons are .
Right :
The distribution of ground - level neutron radiation around the Moon 's south pole .
" Hot spots " are red ; cool spots , blue .
Credit : Lunar Prospector . [ More ]
The first global mapping of neutron radiation from the Moon was performed by NASA 's Lunar Prospector probe in 1998 - 99 .
LEND will improve on the Lunar Prospector data by profiling the energies of these neutrons , showing what fraction are of high energy ( i.e. , the most damaging to people ) and what fraction are of lower energies .
With such knowledge in hand , scientists can begin designing spacesuits , lunar habitats , Moon vehicles , and other equipment for NASA 's return to the Moon knowing exactly how much radiation shielding this equipment must have to keep humans safe .
RADIATION ARTICLE COURTESY OF NASA ( http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2005/11jul_lroc.htm)
H. J. P. Arnold is an astronomer and keen photographer , an expert on space and astrophotography and was the assistant to the Managing Director at Kodak during the Apollo years .
He has authored many space photography books .
He comments that the film that was supplied by Kodak for the missions was essentially the same as used here on Earth .
it was ektachrome 64 ASA or ISO as it is called today .
He has commented that you would expect to see some small dots on the films where a high velocity nuclear particle had hit the film , however no evidence of this whatsoever has come forward .
The only thing that would protect the film from this damage would be a thick layer of lead around the camera casing , which according to Hasselblad was not used .
Let 's also remember that the films were changed whilst outside on the Moon 's surface and not in a controlled environment .
The Hills Are Alive
One of the main anomalies that leads me to believe that the Moon footage was taken on a film set is the fact that the same mountains appear on different Apollo missions which are supposed to be landed several hundreds of miles from each other .
In the following sequences you will even see the camera pan across the landscape that at one point includes the Lunar Landing Module .
In another shot from the same mission , we see the very same mountains , but no Lander ?
How can this be when the mountains appear to be exactly the same distance away from the camera ?
This film shows two different Apollo missions , which are supposed to be in different areas of the Moon , but show the exact same mountains in the background .
I possess an Apollo film documentary called ' Apollo : One Giant Leap For Mankind ' which features all of the Space missions from before the Apollo project right up until the Soyez - Apollo link up and the Shuttle .
On this video during the Apollo 16 Mission we are told that the film to the left was shot during the first trip by the Rover to Stone Mountain , a trip that was carried out on 21st April and at 1 km west of the landing site ...
The second piece of footage to the right was taken the next day , at a site that was 4 km to the South of the landing site ...
What you can see in BOTH films is the same rocks .
How can this be if the sites are several km's apart ?
It turns out that after some research , the two films were of the same EVA and was mistakenly labelled by NASA .
Rather a lapse for such a company do n't you think ?
One For The Sceptics
Over the past few years I have been in constant debate with several members of the ' Bad Astronomy ' website and Apollo believers who visit this site .
Bad Astronomy is a website that is a general meeting place for people who think that they can explain the hoax theories concerning the Apollo program and the site goes into detail on other anomalies that appear on space footage .
During my time debating on the site , I was issued several challenges by sceptics who said that if I could show ' official NASA footage ' showing certain anomalies , then that evidence MAY make them think that something is definitely amiss with the NASA Apollo footage .
Needless to say , as at the time of writing , none of them have come forward and changed their stance .
The three main challenges were
1. Produce pictures showing stars that are taken on the Moons surface .
They say because of the very bright conditions on the Moon , stars would not be visible from its surface !
2 . Show an example of Movie footage that was taken aboard the Lunar Rover whilst it is in motion .
( I asked the site how could the satellite dish at the front of the rover relay the video signal to a satellite or Houston if it was moving all over the place ? ) .
I was even told that this footage does not exist ?... see below
3 . If I could provide film footage of the LEM producing a flame on the Moons surface ( This would prove that the movie was not taken on the Moon because the Moons atmosphere and vacuum would prevent such a flame ) .
That was the challenge ... and here is the evidence ...
Enjoy ;o )
One of the biggest debates between hoax theorists and sceptics concerns the non appearance of stars from the surface of the Moon .
If the objects in the sky that appear in the film to the left from the Apollo 15 Mission are not stars what are they ?
We can rule out marks on the lens of the camera or in the film because these objects appear on various parts of each shot and not just in one place .
Click on these pictures of Hill 305 and the Hadley Delta to see a larger view of ' stars ' in the sky above the Moon .
They all show a similar formation from different angles .
These pictures are from a set ( AS15- 9012249 to AS15-90 - 12269 )
Most of this set shows ' stars ' in the sky !
Bad Astronomy writers tell me that a flame would not be visible on the surface of the Moon because it is a vacuum and has no atmosphere .
We 'll BA writers , watch the movie to the right .
It shows the Apollo 16 LEM leaving the Lunar surface and what do we see ... a flame
Therefore this piece of footage alone proves that the Apollo program was hoaxed !
The sceptics reading this article could perhaps explain why the movie to the left shows light suddenly increase when Armstrong is at the bottom of the steps before his first descent from the Lunar Lander ?
It certainly is not due to the light aperture being changed on the camera because only the light behind the lander alters and not the actual lander shadow .
Its amazing how Armstrong , who at first is in complete darkness on the ladder , suddenly gets lit up when he is halfway down the ladder .
Lets remember that there are no clouds on the Moon to obscure the Suns light !
The cameraman does n't move position by the way ...
Early in the footage you 'll notice that the LEM managed to park itself in a bright light ... how fortunate !
That will take some explaining if artificial lighting was n't used !
CONCLUSION
Lets try and put this all into perspective .
Lets compare the Apollo cover - up with the USSR launch of the dog called Laika into space .
She was launched into Space to see what the effects of Space travel would have on a live creature .
It was publicly announced that Laika died painlessly when her oxygen supply ran out , but the truth was finally revealed many years later that the dog had in fact died when the front nose cone of the craft carrying her had been ripped off after reaching Earth 's orbit and that the dog probably died from the intense heat of the Sun .
Further investigations revealed that the nose cone had actually been designed to do this .
So , in fact , the makers of the rocket had known that the dog would die even before she was sent into space ... this evidence took 30 years to be revealed to the general public .
Also consider the recent revelation that Yuri Gagarin was not the first person to orbit Earth as first claimed by Russia .
Thousands of people were employed to work on the Apollo mission , but very few people had access to the complete picture .
By giving several people a small role in the missions meant that they would not see the whole project .
Some of the Eleven Apollo astronauts had non space related fatal accidents within a twenty two month period of one another , the odds of this happening are 1 in 10,000 ... coincidence ?
James B. Irwin ( Apollo 15 ) resigned from NASA and the Air Force on July 1 , 1972 .
Don F. Eisele ( Apollo 7 ) resigned from NASA and from the Air Force in June 1972 .
Stewart Allen Roosa ( Apollo 14 ) resigned from NASA and retired from the Air Force in February 1976 .
Swigert resigned from NASA in 1977
Why did they all resign from the ' successful ' Apollo Program ?
How did man manage to collect the rock samples if we did n't go to the Moon ???
750 lbs or so were said to be collected on the Apollo missions .
This maybe so , but according to official NASA records , only a couple of pounds were actually collected by the astronauts .
It would not be impossible to irradiate a rock or put it in a vacuum to get the same results .
Did you know that two years before the Apollo 11 mission , its lead scientist Dr. Werner Van Braun made a trip to Antartica which is a prime area for collection Moon rocks ?
Why has n't anybody spoken out about the cover -up ?
They have .
Bill Kaysing got in touch with his friend , a private investigator from San Francisco called Paul Jacobs , and asked him to help him with his Apollo anomalies investigations .
Mr. Jacobs agreed to go and see the head of the US Department of Geology in Washington , as he was travelling there the following week after his discussion with Mr. Kaysing .
He asked the geologist , ' Did you examine the Moon rocks , did they really come from the Moon .?'
The geologist just laughed .
Paul flew back from Washington and told Kaysing that the people in high office of the American Government knew of the cover - up .
Paul Jacobs and his wife died from cancer within 90 days !
Lee Gelvani another friend of Kaysing , says he almost convinced informant James Irwin to confess about the cover -up .
Irwin was going to ring Kaysing about it , however he died of a heart attack within 3 days .
Is this evidence that a cover - up is in existence ?
Check out the film documentary at the top of this page showing NASA employees talking about how they were instructed to airbrush out anomalies on the Moons surface .
Why would NASA fake the Apollo Mission ?
I think the main reason why the US Government and NASA faked the ' official record ' is because they could not be seen to be the weak link , especially when you consider that during the 60's , the USA were at the height of the Cold War with Russia .
Also their own President had forecast that before the end of the 60's Man would be on the Moon .
It would be better to try and fool the public and hoax the footage , rather than let their biggest rival in the World strike a huge moral victory by beating them to the Moon .
If man really went to the Moon , why did NASA drop the successful Saturn 5 launch rocket after the last Apollo mission ?
The shuttle weighs 3/ 4 heavier than the Saturn 5 Rocket , puts only 1/6th of cargo weight into orbit and costs 3 times as much to launch .
The shuttle is basically a glider with no escape for the crew if things go wrong ( as we all know they do ) .
Why scrap a rocket that can outperform its newer model ?
The Shuttle was first flown 2 years behind schedule .
Did you know
NASA could have easily launched the Shuttle on top of the second stage of the Saturn 5 rocket ?
The first stage would have dropped into the Ocean and the second stage and the fully loaded shuttle orbiter would have travelled into low Earth orbit .
The second stages could have then been left in orbit and assembled to make the Space Station , which would have been well on its way to completion by the time the Shuttle was first launched in 1981 .
They could have had the first launch of the shuttle a whole 5 years before it was finally launched and saved the American taxpayer 20 billion dollars .
Why did n't Russia even bother to land a cosmonaut on the Moon after the Americans beat them to it ???
Russia were ready to launch their own craft just one month after the success of the Apollo 11 Mission - so why did they scrap their lunar program ?
Many people would say that its because it was too late , but if you want to look at it like that , why did n't this apply to NASA when the Russians beat America in putting the first satellite , animal , man , woman and space station into orbit ?
Russia would not have thrown in the towel just because America had beaten them at one single thing in Space !
Not one thing that appears on the surface of the Moon had to be placed by Man .
Be it mirrors to reflect lasers from here on Earth to calculate distances or seismology equipment .
All could have been placed there by robotic machines .
It would n't necessarily need a human to place them there .
Graham Birdsall ( the late Editor of UFO Magazine UK ) commented that during the very first Pacific UFO Conference in Hawaii in September 1999 , Astronaut Brian O'Leary who worked alongside the likes of Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin on the Apollo 11 mission during 1967 - 68 , commented '
If some of the films were spoiled , it is remotely possible that they ( NASA ) may have shot some scenes in a studio environment , to avoid embarrassment !'
During Project Apollo , six highly complex manned craft landed on the Moon , took off and returned to Earth using a relatively low level of technology .
An 86 % success rate .
Since Apollo , twenty five simple , unmanned craft with increasingly higher levels of technology have attempted to fulfil their missions to Mars .
Only seven succeeded .
Russia have , and continue to have unmanned craft launch into space .
Their project worked more towards first sending an unmanned lander to the Moons surface to collect samples , take pictures and measure radiation levels .
Why did NASA not even send an unmanned craft to the Moons surface before risking human lives ?
Basically ,
The mission was a cold - war bluff to get the soviets to think that we were more advanced than they were .
It is just like a poker bluff where you want it to look like you are holding the stronger hand .
I this case the soviets decided to fold .
WATCH THIS GREAT PIECE OF FOOTAGE ..
The astronaut has a very hard time trying to keep the flag still as it blows in the wind ...
If Man were so successful at landing on the Moon over 30 years ago , why have n't we been back ?
In The Ride report , a report headed by Sally Ride , a former astronaut herself , an estimation was made on how long it would take to make a similar trip to the Moon today .
If NASA were fully funded in 1987 , they estimated that they could land men on the Moon by 2010 , that 's 23 years ...
Since it only took 8 years from President Kennedy 's announcement till the first mission , why would it take 23 years to send man back to the Moon for the 7th time ?
In 1999 this estimate changed .
Douglas Cook , Director of the Exploration Office at Houston 's Johnson Space Centre calculated that Man could go back to the Moon within 100 years ....
I 'm not holding my breath !!!
UPDATE
Cosmic Conspiracies was recently approached by Jim Oberg , NASA consultant , who was interested in a piece of footage that appeared on this page which showed the Surveyor III probe on the Moons surface , filmed by the astronauts aboard Apollo 12 as it descended onto the lunar surface .
Mr. Oberg is writing a book ( originally funded by NASA ) about the whole ' Moon Hoax ' subject , in a bid to put a lot of the speculation to rest .
Mr. Oberg believed that the film we had ( taken from ' What Happened On The Moon ' ) was bogus and not original NASA footage , however David Percy and Mary Bennett believe otherwise !!!
Click
Here to read more
I receive several letters from Apollo believers on an almost daily basis telling me that I 'm completely wrong , however , consider this .
The distance that Man allegedly had to travel to get to the Moon was the equivalent of 30 Earth diameters .
Now compare that with the greatest distance that Man has travelled since then ( in the Shuttle ) which is 400 miles .
That is the equivalent of just 1/2 an inch from the Earth compared to the distance travelled to the Moon .
Von Braun said in his book ' Conquest To The Moon ' ( published in 1953 ) that it would be impossible to send anyone to the Moon because of the sheer size of craft needed to do the trip .
In fact , taking Von Braun 's calculations into consideration , a spaceship that needed to travel that distance would have had to be 266 times bigger than the Saturn 5 .
Also consider the recent announcement from NASA that it would take scientists 15 years from now to design and build a craft to go back to the Moon .
Why when we have allegedly been there 6 times already ?
J. F. Kennedy announced in 1962 that Man would travel to the Moon by the end of the decade .
Just 7 years later Man allegedly did just that .
But more than 35 years later in a World that is vastly technologically superior to the 1960's , why would it take over twice as long to do the same thing today ?
During the Apollo 11 mission a strange object accompanied the spacecraft whilst it was in space .
Thinking that the object could be the S4B , a part of the rocket that had been unattached 2 days previously , they contacted Houston asking for the whereabouts of the rocket part .
Buzz Aldrin : ‘ Obviously , the three of us were n’t going to blurt out , ‘ Hey Houston , we got something moving along side us and we do n’t know what it is , can you tell us what it is ?
We were n’t about to do that , uhh , cos we know that those transmissions would be heard by all sorts of people and , uh , who knows what someone would have demanded that we turn back because of aliens or whatever the reason is …’
Houston , not knowing the situation reported back that the S4B was 6,000 nautical miles away from the Apollo craft .
To this day , NASA have refused an official explanation for the object .
Still Not Convinced ?
Here 's 33 things that need to be answered !
1 ) Sceptics argue that the lack of stars on Moon photographs is acceptable , despite zero atmosphere to obscure the view .
Yuri Gagarin , pronounced the stars to be " astonishingly brilliant " .
See the official NASA pictures above that I have reproduced that show ' stars ' in the sky , as viewed from the lunar surface .
And why exactly do you think there are hardly any stars visible on Apollo films taken from the Moon ?
The answers simple - Professional astronomers would quickly calculate that the configuration and distances of star formations were incorrect and so NASA had to remove them to make sure they could keep up the scam .
2 ) The pure oxygen atmosphere in the module would have melted the Hasselblad 's camera covering and produced poisonous gases .
Why were n't the astronauts affected ?
3 ) There should have been a substantial crater blasted out under the LM 's 10,000 pound thrust rocket .
Sceptics would have you believe that the engines only had the power to blow the dust from underneath the LM as it landed .
If this is true , how did Armstrong create that famous boot print if all the dust had been blown away ?
4 ) Sceptics claim that you cannot produce a flame in a vacuum because of the lack of oxygen .
So how come I have footage on this page showing a flame coming from the exhaust of an Apollo lander ?
( Obviously the sceptics are wrong or the footage shows the lander working in an atmosphere )
5 ) Footprints are the result of weight displacing air or moisture from between particles of dirt , dust , or sand .
The astronauts left distinct footprints all over the place .
6 ) The Apollo 11 TV pictures were lousy , yet the broadcast quality magically became fine on the five subsequent missions .
7 ) Why in most Apollo photos , is there a clear line of definition between the rough foreground and the smooth background ?
8 ) Why did so many NASA Moonscape photos have non parallel shadows ?
sceptics will tell you because there is two sources of light on the Moon - the Sun and the Earth ...
That maybe the case , but the shadows would still fall in the same direction , not two or three different angles and Earth shine would have no effect during the bright lunar day ( the time at which the Apollo was on the Moon ) .
9 ) Why did one of the stage prop rocks have a capital " C " on it and a ' C ' on the ground in front of it ?
10 ) How did the fibreglass whip antenna on the Gemini 6A capsule survive the tremendous heat of atmospheric re-entry ?
11 ) In Ron Howard 's 1995 science fiction movie , Apollo 13 , the astronauts lose electrical power and begin worrying about freezing to death .
In reality , of course , the relentless bombardment of the Sun 's rays would rapidly have overheated the vehicle to lethal temperatures with no atmosphere into which to dump the heat build up .
12 ) Who would dare risk using the LM on the Moon when a simulated Moon landing was never tested ?
13 ) Instead of being able to jump at least ten feet high in " one sixth " gravity , the highest jump was about nineteen inches .
14 ) Even though slow motion photography was able to give a fairly convincing appearance of very low gravity , it could not disguise the fact that the astronauts travelled no further between steps than they would have on Earth .
15 ) If the Rover buggy had actually been moving in one - sixth gravity , then it would have required a twenty foot width in order not to have flipped over on nearly every turn .
The Rover had the same width as ordinary small cars .
16 ) An astrophysicist who has worked for NASA writes that it takes two meters of shielding to protect against medium solar flares and that heavy ones give out tens of thousands of rem in a few hours .
Russian scientists calculated in 1959 that astronauts needed a shield of 4 feet of lead to protect them on the Moons surface .
Why did n't the astronauts on Apollo 14 and 16 die after exposure to this immense amount of radiation ?
And why are NASA only starting a project now to test the lunar radiation levels and what their effects would be on the human body if they have sent 12 men there already ?
17 ) The fabric space suits had a crotch to shoulder zipper .
There should have been fast leakage of air since even a pinhole deflates a tyre in short order .
18 ) The astronauts in these " pressurized " suits were easily able to bend their fingers , wrists , elbows , and knees at 5.2 p.s.i. and yet a boxer 's 4 p.s.i. speed bag is virtually unbendable .
The guys would have looked like balloon men if the suits had actually been pressurized .
19 ) How did the astronauts leave the LEM ?
In the documentary ' Paper Moon '
The host measures a replica of the LEM at The Space Centre in Houston , what he finds is that the ' official ' measurements released by NASA are bogus and that the astronauts could not have got out of the LEM .
20 ) The water sourced air conditioner backpacks should have produced frequent explosive vapour discharges .
They never did .
21 ) During the Apollo 14 flag setup ceremony , the flag would not stop fluttering .
22 ) With more than a two second signal transmission round trip , how did a camera pan upward to track the departure of the Apollo 16 LEM ?
Gus Grissom , before he got burned alive in the Apollo I disaster A few minutes before he was burned to death in the Apollo I tragedy , Gus Grissom said , ' Hey , you guys in the control center , get with it .
You expect me to go to the moon and you can't even maintain telephonic communications over three miles . '
This statement says a lot about what Grissom thought about NASA 's progress in the great space race .
23 ) Why did NASA 's administrator resign just days before the first Apollo mission ?
24 ) NASA launched the TETR - A satellite just months before the first lunar mission .
The proclaimed purpose was to simulate transmissions coming from the moon so that the Houston ground crews ( all those employees sitting behind computer screens at Mission Control ) could " rehearse " the first moon landing .
In other words , though NASA claimed that the satellite crashed shortly before the first lunar mission ( a misinformation lie ) , its real purpose was to relay voice , fuel consumption , altitude , and telemetry data as if the transmissions were coming from an Apollo spacecraft as it neared the moon .
Very few NASA employees knew the truth because they believed that the computer and television data they were receiving was the genuine article .
Merely a hundred or so knew what was really going on ; not tens of thousands as it might first appear .
25 ) In 1998 , the Space Shuttle flew to one of its highest altitudes ever , three hundred and fifty miles , hundreds of miles below merely the beginning of the Van Allen Radiation Belts .
Inside of their shielding , superior to that which the Apollo astronauts possessed , the shuttle astronauts reported being able to " see " the radiation with their eyes closed penetrating their shielding as well as the retinas of their closed eyes .
For a dental x-ray on Earth which lasts 1/100th of a second we wear a 1 / 4 inch lead vest .
Imagine what it would be like to endure several hours of radiation that you can see with your eyes closed from hundreds of miles away with 1/8 of an inch of aluminium shielding !
26 ) The Apollo 1 fire of January 27 , 1967 , killed what would have been the first crew to walk on the Moon just days after the commander , Gus Grissom , held an unapproved press conference complaining that they were at least ten years , not two , from reaching the Moon .
The dead man 's own son , who is a seasoned pilot himself , has in his possession forensic evidence personally retrieved from the charred spacecraft ( that the government has tried to destroy on two or more occasions ) .
Gus Grissom was obviously trying to make a big statement as he placed a lemon in the window of the Apollo I spacecraft as it sat ready for launch !
27 ) CNN issued the following report , " The radiation belts surrounding Earth may be more dangerous for astronauts than previously believed ( like when they supposedly went through them thirty years ago to reach the Moon . )
The phenomenon known as the ' Van Allen Belts ' can spawn ( newly discovered ) ' Killer Electrons ' that can dramatically affect the astronauts ' health . "
28 ) In 1969 computer chips had not been invented .
The maximum computer memory was 256k , and this was housed in a large air conditioned building .
In 2002 a top of the range computer requires at least 64 Mb of memory to run a simulated Moon landing , and that does not include the memory required to take off again once landed .
The alleged computer on board Apollo 11 had 32 k of memory .
That 's the equivalent of a simple calculator .
29 ) If debris from the Apollo missions was left on the Moon , then it would be visible today through a powerful telescope , however no such debris can be seen .
The Clementine probe that recently mapped the Moons surface failed to show any Apollo artefacts left by Man during the missions .
Where did the Moon Buggy and base of the LM go ?
30 ) In the year 2005 NASA does not have the technology to land any man , or woman on the Moon , and return them safely to Earth .
31 ) Film evidence has recently been uncovered of a mis-labelled , unedited , behind - the - scenes video film , showing the crew of Apollo 11 staging part of their photography .
The film evidence is shown in the video " A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon ! " .
and appears above in the ' Why Did Apollo 11 Astronauts Lie About Being In Deep Space ? ' section .
32 ) Why did the blueprints and plans for the Lunar Module and Moon Buggy get destroyed if this was one of History 's greatest accomplishments ?
33 ) Why did NASA need to airbrush out anomalies from lunar footage of the Moon if they have nothing to hide ?
The Apollo mission was meticulously planned , yet there were still flaws in the plan which the public is being made aware of as time goes on .
Unlike a simple game of bingo where nothing is planned and no strategy is involved the Apollo mission was thought out and at the time there seemed to be an answer to every question that arose .
As times change and more research is being done on the mission the tables are beginning to turn and the public is starting to see the truth .
China Fake Men In Space Reports Did Man go to the Moon ?
It 's a contentious issue , considering how ridiculous the question might first appear .
Despite the heaps of evidence available to us from NASA personnel , TV archives and museums ( not to mention physically returned moon rocks ) , there is still a grumbling doubt that the whole thing might just have been made up .
The movie ' Capricorn One ' , where fictitious American astronauts were removed from their rocket and driven to a film set in the desert to record their Moon landing , has a deep and lasting resonance with me .
It could have been faked , even if the Apollo astronauts really did actually walk on the surface of the Moon .
Such doubt is compounded by the news this week that China 's official news agency Xinhua published a long and detailed account of the spaceflight of Chinese astronauts , including dialogue , while the Shenzhou VII rocket was still sat on the launchpad !
" First - level measurement arrangement !
After this order , signal lights all were switched on , various data show up on row of screens , hundreds of technicians staring at the screens , without missing any slightest changes ... one minute to go !
Changjiang
No 1 found the
target ! "
Of course , this might have been the work of an over - enthusiastic State journalist , whose copy needed to read and re-read by the Patriarchs who run China before release to the joyous masses .
Time may have been the feature here , rather than a deliberate effort to deceive .
After all , in the absence of a free press , Communist editing is a time - consuming business .
But it highlights a deeper issue .
How do any of us actually know what goes on in space ?
Only from what we 're told , through official space agencies .
They control the news , and so can control the truth .
Spacecraft and satellites can be tracked by amateurs , whose telescopic equipment is often highly advanced .
But the fact that a spacecraft is heading to the Moon might not necessarily mean that anyone 's actually on board .
The same applies to spacecraft orbiting the Earth .
We can't be absolutely sure of anything that goes on up there , unless we go up there ourselves , like space tourists ( a few of whom have now made the trip courtesy of the money - hungry Russian space agency ) .
It is only when ordinary folk make the trip to space that this new frontier can be said to be completely open , and transparent .
The Xinhua agency , which has sometimes been accused of carrying state propaganda , took down the story and blamed it on a " technical error " .
How convenient !
Article By Andy Lloyd - October '08
Main Article Written by Dave Cosnette .
Updated February 10th , 2009
If you are interested in obtaining more information about the Apollo missions and the anomalies that have been uncovered here , why not click on the banner below ?
Moonmovie.com has a great selection of thought - provoking DVDs that delve into the Apollo missions and shows the viewer why the missions must be faked .
According to their investigations , all Apollo missions stayed in low - earth orbit for the duration of the trip .
Moonmovie.com have uncovered some mis-labeled , unedited , behind - the - scenes footage from NASA that shows the crew of Apollo 11 clearly staging a shot of being half - way to the moon .
This clip , shown in ' Apollo 11 Monkey Business ' and explained in ' A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon ' , proves they did not leave low - earth orbit .
Other DVDs available include Apollo Astronauts refusing to swear on the Bible that they went to the Moon ( and Buzz Aldrin punching the investigator ! ) .
We can thoroughly recommend all the DVDs in the collection which we will be reviewing over the next few weeks - so stay tuned !
PLEASE NOTE : A new updated version of this article is now in the process of appearing at our new site HERE .
Over the next few weeks , this 5 part epic will be added to the site .
Part
One is available now - please click the link above after reading this article for the latest update .
' What happened on the Moon ? ' and the book ' Dark Moon - Apollo and the Whistle - Blowers ' both authored by David Percy and Mary Bennett and available through Aulis Publications .
( They can both be ordered by clicking the banners )
Pharmacology of DMSO
Stanley W. Jacob and Robert Herschler
Department of Surgery  Oregon Health Science University  Portland , Oregon 97201 Abstract
A wide range of primary pharmacological actions of dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) has been documented in laboratory studies : membrane transport , effects on connective tissue , anti-inflammation , nerve blockade ( analgesia ) , bacteriostasis , diuresis , enhancements or reduction of the effectiveness of other drugs , cholinesterase inhibition , nonspecific enhancement of resistance to infection , vasodilation , muscle relaxation , antagonism to platelet aggregation , and influence on serum cholesterol in emperimental hypercholesterolemia .
This substance induces differntiation and function of leukemic and other malignant cells .
DMSO also has prophylactic radioprotective properties and cryoprotective actions .
It protects against ischemic injury .
( 1986 Academic Press , Inc. )
The pharmacologic actions of dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) have stimulated much research .
The purpose of this report is to summarize current concepts in this area .
When the theorectical basis of DMSO action is described , we can list literally dozens of primary pharmacologic actions .
This relatively brief summary will touch on only a few : ( A ) membrane penetration
( B ) membrane transport
( C ) effects on connective tissue
( D ) anti-inflamation
( E ) nerve blockade ( analgesia )
( F ) bacteriostasis
( G ) diuresis
( H ) enhancement or reduction of effectiveness of other drugs
( I ) cholinsterase inhibition
( J ) nonspecific enhancement of resistance of infection
( K ) vasodilation
( L ) muscle relaxation
( M ) enhancement of cell differentiation and function
( N ) antagonism to platelet aggregation
( O ) influence on serum cholesterol in experimental hypercholesterolemia
( P ) radio - protective and cryoprotective actions
( Q ) protection against ischemic injury Primary Pharmocological Actions A. Membrane Penetration DMSO readily crosses most tissue membranes of lower animals and man .
Employing [ 35S ]
DMSO , Kolb et al,59 evaluated the absorption and distribution of DMSO in lower animals and man .
Ten minutes after the cutaneous application in the rat , radioactivity was measured in the blood .
In man radioactivity appeared in the blood 5 minutes after cutaneous application .
One hour after application of DMSO to the skin , radioactivity could be detected in the bones .
Denko22 and his associates applied 35S - labeled DMSO to the skin of rats .
Within 2 hour a wide range of radioactivity was distributed in all organs studied .
The highest values occurred in decreasing order in the following soft tissues ; spleen , stomach , lung , vitreous humor , thymus , brain , kidney , sclera , colon , heart , skeletal muscle , skin , liver , aorta , adrenal , lens of eye , and cartilage .
Rammler and Zaffaroni80 have reviewed the chemical properties of DMSO and suggested that the rapid movement of this molecule through the skin , a protein barrier , depends on a reversible configurational change of the protein occurring when DMSO substitutes for water .
B. Membrane Transport Nonionized molecules of low molecular wight are transported through the skin with DMSO .
Substance of high molecular weight such as insulin do not pass through the skin to any significant extent .
Studies in our laboratory have revealed that a 90 % concentration of DMSO is optimal for the passage of morphine sulfate dissoved in DMSO.77
It would have been expected that 100 % would provide better transport than 90 % , and the reason for an optimal effect at 90 % DMSO remains unexplained .
It is of course well known that 70 % alcohol has a higher phenol : water partition coefficient than 100 % alcohol .
Elfbaum and Laden27 conducted an in vitro skin penetration study employing guinea pig skin as the membrane .
They concluded that the passage of picrate ion through this membrane in the presence of DMSO was a passive diffusion process which adhered to Fick 's first law of diffusion .
It is demonstrated by diffusion and isotope studies that the absolute rate constant for the penetration of DMSO was approximately 100 times greater than that for the picrate ion .
Thus , the two substances were transferred through the skin independently of each other .
The exact mechanisms involved in the membrane penetrant action of DMSO have yet to be elucidated .
Studies on membrane penetration and carrier effect have been carrier effect have been carried out in agriculture , basic biology , animals , and man .
In field tests with severely diseased fruit , Keil55 demonstrated that oxytetracycline satisfactorily controlled bacterial spot in peaches .
Control was significantly enhanced by adding DMSO to the antibiotic spray .
DMSO was applied to 0.25 and 0.5 % with 66 ppm of oxytetracycline .
This application gave control of the disease similar to that produced alone by 132 ppm of oxytetracycline and suggested the possibility of diluting the high - priced antibiotic with relatively inexpensive DMSO .
There is no good evidence in animals that 0.5 % DMSO has significant carrier effects .
It could well be that Keil 's results were attributable to a carrier effect , but the possibility should always be considered that when DMSO is combined with another substance a new compound results which can then exert a greater or lesser influence on a given process .
Leonard63 studied different concentrations of several water - soluable iron sources applied as foliage sprays to orange and grapefruit trees whose leaves showed visible signs of iron deficiency .
The application of iron in DMSO as a spray was followed by a rapid and extensive greening of the leaves , with a higher concentration of chlorophyll .
Amstey and Parkman2 evaluated the influence of DMSO on the infectivity of viral nucleic acid , an indication of its transmembrane transport .
It was found that DMSO enhanced polio RNA infectivity in kidney cells from monkeys .
Enhancement occurred with all DMSO concentrations from 5 to 80 % and was optimal at 40 % DMSO , with a 20 - minute absorption period at room temperature .
A significant percentage of nucleic acid infection was absorbed within the first 2 minutes .
Cochran and his associates 14 concluded that concentrations of DMSO below 20 % did no influence the infectivity of tobacco mosaic virus ( TMV ) or the viral RNA .
With concentrations between 20 and 60 % the infectivity of TMV and TMV RNA varied inversely with the DMSO concentration .
Nadel and co-workers72 suggested that DMSO enhanced the penetration of the infectious agent in experimental leukemia of gunea pigs .
Previously Schreck et al.97 had demonstrated that DMSO was more toxic in vitro to lymphocytic leukemia than to lymphocytes from normal patients .
Djan and Gunberg24 studied the percutaneous absorption of 17 - estradiol dissolved in DMSO in the immature female rat .
These steroids were given in aqueous solutions subcutaneously or were applied topically in DMSO .
Vaginal and uterine weight increases resulting from estrogen in DMSO administered topically were comparable to results obtained in animals in which the drugs were administered in pure form subcutaneously .
Smith102 reported that a mixture of DMSO and diptheria toxoid applied frequently to the backs of rabbits causes a reduction of the inflammation produced by the Shick test , indicating that a partial immunity of diphtheria has been produced .
Finney and his associates 29 studied the influence of DMSO and DMSO - hydrogen peroxide on the pig myocardium after acute coronary ligation with subsequent myocardial infaction .
The addition of DMSO to a hydrogen peroxide perfusion system fascilitated the difffusion of oxygen into the ischemic myocardium .
Maddock et al.66 designed experiments to determine the usefulness of DMSO as a carrier for antitumor agents .
The agents were dissoved in 85 - 100 % concentrations of DMSO .
One of the tumors studied was the L1210 leukemia .
Survival time without treatment was appoximately 8 days .
The standard method of employing Cytoxan intraperitoneally produced a survival time of 15.5 days .
When Cytoxan was applied topically in water , the survival time was 12.6 days , and topical Cytoxan dissolved in DMSO resulted in survival time of 15.3 days .
Spruance recently studied DMSO as a vehicle for topical antiviral agents , concluding that the penetration of acyclovir ( ACV ) through guinea pigs skin in vitro was markedly greater with DMSO than when ployethylene glycol ( PEG ) was the vehicle .
When 5 % ACV in DMSO was compared with 5 % ACV in PEG in the treatmental herpes infection in the guinea pig , ACV DMSO was more effective .
103
The possibility of altering the blood - brain diffusion barrrier with DMSO needs additional exploration .
Brink and Stein10 employed [ 14C ] pemoline dissolved in DMSO and injected intraperitoneally into rats .
It was found in larger amounts in the brain than was a similar dose given in 0.3 % tragacanth suspension .
The authors postulated that DMSO resulted in a partial breakdown of the blood - brain diffusion barrier in vitro .
There is conflicting evidence as to whether dimethyl sulfoxide can reversibly open the blood - brain barrier and augment brain uptake of water - soluable compounds , including anticancer agents .
To investigate this , 125 [ - Human serum albumin , horse - radish peroxidase , or the anticancer drug melphalan was administered iv to rats or mice , either alone or in combination with DMSO .
DMSO administration did not significantly increase the brain uptake of any of the compounds as compared to control uptakes .
These results do not support prior reports that DMSO increases the permeability of water - soluable agents across the blood - brain barrier .
43 Maibach and Feldmann67 studied the percutaneous penetration of hydrocortisone and testosterone in DMSO .
The authors concluded that there was a threefold increase in dermal penetration by these steroids when they were dissolved in DMSO .
Sulzberger and his co-workers107 evaluated the penetration of DMSO into human skin employing methylene blue , iodine , and iron dyes as visual tracers .
Biopsies showed that the stratum corneum was completely stained with each tracer applied to the skin surface in DMSO .
There was little or no staining below this layer .
The authors concluded that DMSO carried substances rapidly and deeply into the horny layer and suggested the usefulness of DMSO as a vehicle for therapeutic agents in inflammatory dermatoses and superficial skin infections such as pyodermas .
Perliman and Wolfe76 demonstrated that allergens of low molecular weight such as penicillin G potassium , mixed in 90 % DMSO , were readily carried through intact human skin .
Allergens having molecular weights of 3000 or more dissolved in DMSO did not penetrate human skin in these studies .
On the other hand , Smith and Hegre101 had previously recorded that antibodies to bovine serum albumin developed when a mixture of DMSO and bovine serum albumin was applied to the skin of rabbits .
Turco and Canada112 have studied the influence of DMSO on lowering electrical skin resistance in man , In combination with 9 % sodium chloride in distilled water , 40 % DMSO decreased resistance by 100 % .
It was postulated that DMSO in combination with electrolytes reduced the electrical resistance of the skin by facilitating the absorption of these electrolytes while it was itself being absorbed .
DMSO in some instances will carry substances such as hydrocortisone or hexachlorophene into the deeper layers of the stratum corneum , producing a reservoir .
104
This reservoir remains for 16 days and resists depletion by washing of the skin surface with soap , water , or alcohol .
105 C. Effect on Collagen Mayer and associates69 compared the effects of DMSO , DMSO with cortisone acetate , cortisone acetate alone , and saline solutions on the incidence of adhesions following vigorous serosal abrasions of the terminal ileum of Wistar rats .
Their technique had developed adhesions in 100 % of control animals in 35 days .
The treatments were administered daily as postoperative intraperitoneal injections for 35 days .
The incidence of adhesions in different groups was DMSO alone : 20 % , DMSO - cortisone : 80 % , cortisone alone : 100 % , saline solution : 100 % .
It has been observed in serial biopsy specimens taken from the skin of patients with scleroderma that there is a dissolution of collagen , the elastic fibers remaining intact .93 Gries et al.44 studied rabbit skin before and after 24 hour in vitro exposure to 100 % DMSO .
After immersion in DMSO the collagen fraction extractable with neutral salt solution was significantly decreased .
The authors recorded that topical DMSO in man exerted a significant effect on the pathological deposition of collagen in human postirradiation subcutaneous fibrosis but did not appear to change the equilibrium of collagen metabolism in normal tissue .
Urinary hydroxyproline levels are increased in scleroderma patients treated with topical DMSO.93 Keloids biopsied in man before and after DMSO therapy show histological improvement toward normalcy .
28 D. Anti-Inflammation Berliner and Ruhmann7 found that DMSO inhibited fibroblastic proliferation in vitro .
Ashley et al.3 reported that DMSO was ineffective in edema following thermal burns of the limbs of rabbits .
Formanek and Kovak31 showed that topically applied DMSO inhibited traumatic edema induced by intrapedal injection of autologous blood in the leg of a rat .
DMSO showed no anti-inflammatory effect when studied in experimental effect when studied in experimental inflammation induced in the rabbit eye by mustard oil in the rat ear by croton oil.79 Gorog and Kovacs40 demonstrated that DMSO exerted minimal anti-inflammation effects on edema induced by carrageenan .
These authors also studied the anti-inflammatory potential of DMSO in adjuvant - induced polyarthritis of rats .
Topical DMSO showed potent anti-inflammatory properties in this model .
Gorog and Kovacs41 have also studied the anti-inflammatory activity of topical DMSO , in contact dermatitis , allergic eczema , and calcification of the skin of thr rat , using 70 % DMSO to treat the experimental inflammation .
All these reactions were significantly inhibited .
The study of Weissmann et al.114 deserves mention in discussing the anti-inflammatory effects of DMSO .
Lysosomes can be stabilized against a variety of injurious agents by cortisone , and the concentration of the agent necessary to stabilize lysosomes is reduced 10 - to 1000 - fold by DMSO .
The possibility was suggested that DMSO might render steroids more available to their targets within tissues ( membranes of cells or their organelles ) .
Suckert106 has demonstrated anti-inflammatory effects with intra-articular DMSO in rabbits following the creation of experimental [ croton oil ] arthritis .
E. Nerve Blockade ( Analgesia ) Immersion of the sciatic nerve in 6 % DMSO decreases the conduction velocity by 40 % .
This effect is totally reversed by washing the nerve in a buffer for 1 hour .
89 Shealy99 studied peripheral small fiber after - discharge in the cat .
Concentrations of 5 - 10 % DMSO eliminated the activity of C fibers with 1 minute : activity of the fibers returned after the DMSO was washed away .
DMSO injected subcutaneously in 10 % concentration into cats produced a total loss of the central pain response .
Two milliliters of 50 % DMSO injected into the cerebrospinal fluid led to total anesthesia of the animal for 30 minutes .
Complete recovery of the animal occurred without apparent ill effect .
100 Haigler concluded that DMSO is a drug that produced analgesia by acting both locally and systemically .
The analgesia appeared to be unrelated to that produced by morphine although the two appear to be a comparable magnitude .
DMSO had a longer duration of action than morphine , 6 hr vs 2 hr , respectively .45 F. Bacteriostasis DMSO exerts a marked inhibitory effect on a wide range of bacteria and fungi including at least one parasite , at concentrations ( 30 - 50 % ) likely to be encountered in antimicrobial testing programs in industry .
6 DMSO at 80 % concentration inactivated viruses tested by Chan and Gadenbusch .
These viruses included four RNA viruses , influenza A virus , influenza A - 2 virus , Newcastle disease virus , Semliki Forest virus , and DNA viruses .
12 Seibert and co-worker98 studied the highly pleomorphic bacteria regularly isolated from human tumors and leukemic blood .
DMSO in 12.5 - 25 % concentration caused complete inhibition of growth in vitro of 27 such organisms without affecting the intact blood cells .
Among the intriguing possibilities for the use of DMSO is its ability to alter bacterial resistance .
Pottz and associates78 presented evidence that the tubercle bacillus , resistant to 2000 Ýg of treptomycin or isoniazide , became sensitive to 10 Ýg of either drug after pretreatment with 0.5 - 5 % DMSO .
Kamiya et al.54 found that 5 % DMSO restored and increased the sensitivity of antibiotic - resistant strains of bacteria .
In particular , the sensitivity of all four strains of Pseudomonas to colistin was restored when the medium contained 5 % DMSO .
The authors recorded that antibiotics not effective against certain bacteria , such as penicillin to E. coli , showed growth inhibitory effects when the medium contained DMSO .
Ghajar and Harmon35 studied the influence of DMSO on the permeability of Staphylococcus aureau , demonstrating that DMSO increased the oxygen uptake but reduced the rate of glycine transport .
They could not define the exact mechanism by which DMSO produced its bacteriostatic effect .
Gillchriest and Nelson37 have suggested that bacteriostasis from DMSO occurs due to a loss of RNA conformational structure required for protein synthesis .
G. Diuresis Formanek and Suckert32 studied the diuretic effects of DMSO administered topically to rats five times daily in a dosage of 0.5 ml of 90 % DMSO per animal .
The urine volume was increased 10 - fold , and with the increase in urine volume , there was an increase in sodium and potassium excretion .
H. Enhancement or Reduction of Concomitant Drug Action Rosen and associates 84 employed aqueous DMSO to alter the LD50 in rats and mice when oral quaternary ammonium salts were used as test compounds .
In rats , the toxicity of pentolinium tartrate and hexamethonium bitartrate was increased by DMSO , while the toxicity of hexamethonium iodide was decreased .
Male68 has shown that DMSO concentrations of upward to 10 % lead to a decided increase in the effectiveness of griseofulvin .
Melville and co-workers70 have studied the potentiating action of DMSO on cardioactive glycosides in cats , including the fact that DMSO potentiates the action of digitoxin .
This effect , however , does not appear to involve any change in the rate of uptake ( influx ) or the rate of loss ( efflux ) of glycosides in the heart .
I. Cholinesterase Sams et al.90 studied the effects of DMSO on skeletal , smooth , and cardiac muscle , employing concentrations of 0.6 - 6 % .
DMSO strikingly depressed the response of the diaphragm to both direct ( muscle ) and indirect ( nerve ) electrical stimulation , and caused spontaneous skeletal muscle fasciculations .
DMSO increased the response of the smooth muscle of the stomach to both muscle and nerve stimulations .
The vagal threshold was lowered 50 % by 6 % DMSO .
Cholinesterase inhibition could reasonably explain fasciculations of skeletal muscle , increased tone of smooth muscle , and the lower vagal threshold observed in these experiments .
In vitro assays show that 0.8 -8 % DMSO inhibits bovine erythrocyte cholinesterase 16 - 18 % .
J. Nonspecific Enhancement of Resistance
In a study of antigen - antibody reactions , Reattig81 showed that DMSO did not disturb the immune response .
In fact , the oral administration of DMSO to mice for 10 days prior to an oral infection with murine typhus produced a leukocytosis and enhanced resistance to the bacterial infection .
K. Vasodilation Adamson and his co-workers1 applied DMSO to a 3 - 1 pedicle flap raised on the back of rats .
The anticipated slough was decreased by 70 % .
The authors suggested that the primary action of DMSO on pedicle flap circulation was to provoke a histamine - like reponse .
Roth87 has also evaluated the effects of DMSO on pedicle flap blood flow and survival , concluding that DMSO does indeed increase pedicle flap survival , but postulating that this increase takes place by some mechanism other than augmentation of perfusion .
Kligman56 , 57 had previously demonstrated that DMSO possesses potent histamine - liberating properties .
Leon62 has studied the influence of DMSO on experimental myocardial necrosis .
DMSO therapy effected a distinct modification with less myocardial fiber necrosis and reduced residual myocardial fibrosis .
The author reported that neither myocardial rupture nor aneurysm occured in the group treated with DMSO .
L. Muscle Relaxation DMSO applied topically to the skin of patients produces electromyographic evidence of muscle relaxation 1 hour after application .
8 M. Antagonism to Platelet Aggregation Deutsch23 has presented experimental data showing that 5 % DMSO lessons the adhesiveness of blood platelets in vitro .
Gorog39 has shown that DMSO is a good antagonist to platelet aggregation as well as thrombus formation in vivo .
Gorog evaluated this in the hamster cheek pouch model .
N. Enhancement of Cell Differentiation and Function
It has been shown that dimethyl sulfoxide induces differentiation and function of leukemic cells of mouse 11 , 33 , 46 , 65 , 92 , 115 , rat,58 and human.9 , 15 , 16 , 34 , 109 DMSO was also found to stimulate albumin production in malignantly transformed hepatocytes of mouse and rat49 and to affect the membrane - associated antigen , enzymes , and glycoproteins in human rectal adenocarcinoma cells .
111 Hydrocortisone - induced keratinization of chick embryo cells74 and adriamcycin - induced necrosis of rat skin108 were inhibited by DMSO .
Furthermore , modification by DMSO of the function of normal cells has been reported .
DMSO stimulates cyclic AMP accumulation and lipolysis and decreases insulin - stimulated glucose oxidation in free white fat cells of [ the ] rat .
It also enhances heme synthesis in quail embryo yolk sac cells .
110 Leukemic blasts can be induced by external chemical agents to mature to neutrophils , monocytes , or RBCs .
The phenotype of leukemic cells thus results from both internal genetic aberrations and the response of leukemic cells to their external environment .
When human myeloid leukemia cells are exposed in vitro to a variety of agents ( e.g.vitamin A or dimenthyl sulfoxide ) the blasts lose their proliferative potential , the expression of oncogene products is sharply decreased , and after 5 days the leukemic cells become morphologically mature and functional neutrophils .
Some patients with myeloid leukemias have responded to therapy designed to induce maturation in vivo .
The induced maturation of leukemic cells is a new therapeutic tactic - alternative to cytotoxic drug therapy - wherein leukemic cells are destroyed by transforming them into neutrophils .
86 O. Influence on Serum Cholesterol in Experimental Hypercholesterolemia Rabbits given a high cholesterol diet with 1 % DMSO showed one - half as much hypercholesterolemia as control animals .
48 P. Radioprotective and Cryoprotective Actions M.J. Ashwood - Smith has written a comprehensive review of these actions .
4 Q. Protection against Ischemic Injury
De la Torre has advanced a scheme based on both investigated and theoretical actions of DMSO on the biochemical events generated after an ischemic injury .
He previously proposed this hypothetical model to help conceptualize how DMSO , or similar drugs , mights affect the pathochemical balance that results in lack of tissue perfusion following trauma .
19
The biochemical and vascular responses to injury appear to have a cause and effect relationship that can be integrated in terms of substances that either increase or decrease blood flow .
The substance 's effect can be physical , i.e. reduce or increase the vessel lumen obstruction , or chemical , i.e. reduce or increase the vessel lumen diameter ( vasoconstriction / vasodilation ) .
Platelets , for example , can induce both conditions .
Obstruction of the vessel lumen can result from platelet adhesion ( platelet buildup in damaged vessel lining ) or platelet aggregation .
Platelet damage moreover can cause vasoconstriction or vasospasm by liberating vasoactive substances locally with the blood vessel or perivascularly , if penetrating damage to the vessel has occurred .
There are two storage sites within platelets that contain most of these vasoactive substances .
The alpha granules contain fibrinogen , while the dense bodies store ATP , ADP , serotonin , and calcium , which can be secreted by the platelet into the circulation by a canalicular system .
5
Thromboxane A2 has also been shown to be manufactured in the microsomal fraction of animal and human platelets .
73
All these vasoactive substances ( with the exception of ATP ) can cause significant reduction of blood flow by physical or chemical reactivity on the vasculature .
DMSO can antagonize a number of these vasoactive substances released by the platelets , which could consequently induce vasoconstriction , vasospasm , or obstruction of vessel lumen .
For example , a study has shown that DMSO can inhibit ADP and thrombin - induced platelet aggregation in vitro.95
It may presumable do this by increasing the evels of cAMP ( a strong platelet deaggregator ) through inhibition of its degradative enzyme , phosphodiesterase .
26 , 51 DMSO is reported to deaggregate platelets in vivo following experimental cerebral ischemia .26 , 51 This effect may be fundamental in view of the finding that cerebral ischemia produces transient platelet abnormalities that may promote microvascular aggregation formation and extend the area of ischemic injury .
25
The biochemical picture is further complicated by the possible activity of DMSO on other vasoactive substances secreted by the platelets during injury or ischemia .
For example , the release of calcium from cells from cells or platelets and its effect on arteriolar - wall muscle spasm may be antagonized by circulating DMSO.13 , 88 Collagen - induced platelet release may also be blocked by DMSO.44 , 94 The following effects of DMSO are likely to be involved in its ability to protect against ischemic injury .
DMSO and PGTX System Little is known about the actions of DMSO on the prostanoids ( PG / TX ) .
Studies have reported that DMSO can increase the synthesis of PGE1 , a moderate vasodilator .
61 .
PGE1 can reduce platelet aggregation by increasing cAMP levels and also inhibit the calcium - induced release of noradrenalin in nerve terminals , an affect that may antagonize vasoconstriction and reduction of cerebral blood flow .53 DMSO , it will be recalled , also has a direct effect on cAMP .
It increases cAMP presumably by inhibiting phosphodiesterase , 113 although an indirect action on PGI2 - induced elevation of platelet cAMP by DMSO should not be ruled out .
Any process that increases platelet cAMP will exert strong platelet deaggregation .
It has also been reported that DMSO can block PFG2 receptors and reduce PFE2 synthesis .
82
Both these compounds can cause moderate platelet aggregation and PFG2 is known to induce vasoconstriction .
60
The effects of DMSO on thromboxane synthesis are unknown .
It could , however , inhibit TXA2 , biosynthesis in much the same way as hydralazine or dipyridamole 42 since it shares a number of similar properties with these agents : specifically , their increase of cAMP levels .
DMSO and Cell Membrane Protection
The ability of DMSO to protect cell membrane integrity in various injury models is well documented .38 , 64 , 91 , 114 Cell membrane preservation by DMSO might help explain its ability to improve cerebral and spinal cord blood flow after injury .
18 DMSO could be preventing impairment of cerebrovascular endothelial surfaces where PGI2 is elaborated and where platelets can accumulate following injury .
The effects of DMSO may be two - fold : reduction of platelet adhesion by collagen , 44 and reduction of platelet adhesion by protecting the vascular endothelium and ensuring PGI2 release .
DMSO , Hydroxyl Radicals , and Calcium Although many hormones , chemical transmitters , peptides , and numerous enzymes can be found in mammalian circulation at any given time , it is the hydrozyl radicals that have drawn attention by playing an important role in the pathogenesis of ischemia .
21 , 30 Free radicals can be elaborated by peroxidation of cellular membrane - bound lipids where oxygen delivery is not totally abolished , as in ischemia and hypoxia , or when oxygen is resupplied after an ischemic episode .
83
One of the significant sites where hydroxyl radicals can form following ischemia is in mitochondria .
DMSO is known to be an effective hydroxyl radical scavenger .4 , 20 , 75 Since it has been shown that DMSO can improve mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation , it has been suggested that DMSO may act to neutralize the cytotoxic effects of hydroxyl radicals in mitochondria themselves .
96
Oxidative phosphorylation is one of the primary biochemical activities to be negatively affected following ischemic injury .
DMSO has also been reported to reduce ATPase activity in submitochondrial particles , 17 , 36 an effect that can lower oxygen utilization during cellular ischemia .
It has been proposed that DMSO may reduce the utilization of oxygen by an inhibiting effect on mitochondrial function .
In one experiment the energy loss due to inhibition of oxidative activity after brain tissue was perfused with DMSO was compensated for by an increase in glycolysis .
36
It seems probable that the neutralizing action of DMSO on hydroxyl radical damage following injury could diminish the negative outcome of ischemia .
However the formation of hydroxyl radicals is dependent on time and oxygen availability , but the development of ischemia is immediate and its reversal may depend on more prevalent subsystems such as the PG / TX and platelet interactions .
Maintaining the balance of these subsystems appears more critical in predisposing the outcome of cerebral ischemia .
Another interesting effect of DMSO is on calcium .
When isolated rat hearts are perfused with calcium - free solution followed by reperfusion with a calcium - containing solution , a massive release of creatine kinase ( indicating cardiac injury ) is observed .
This creatine kinase level increase is accompanied by electrocardiographic ( EKG ) changes and ultrastructural cell damage .50 DMSO has been reported to significantly reduce the release of creatine kinase and prevent EKG and ultrastructural changes if it is present during reperfusion of the isolated rat heart with a calcium - containing solution .
88 Moreover , examination of the heart tissue by electron microscopy showed that DMSO - treated preparations lacked the mitochondrial swelling and contraction band formation otherwise induced by the reentry of calcium .
88
These findings are supported by another investigation showing that DMSO can block calcium - induced degeneration of isolated myocardial cells .13
This protective effect by DMSO on myocardial tissue may be critical during ischemic myocardial infarction when evolutionary EKG changes , serum creates kinase levels are elevated , and myocardial necrosis can develop rapidly .
DMSO2 is not an effective cryoprotective agent ; however , Herschler47 has recorded that DMSO ( dimethyl sulfone ) is a natural source of biotransformable sulfur in plants and lower animals .
Jacob and Herschler have reported a number of unique properties possessed by DMSO.52 Since DMSO is oxidized to DMSO2 in vivo , scientists should include DMSO as a control in basic biologic studies on DMSO in plants and animals .
Footnotes ( a) Although the abbreviation " Me2SO " has been recommended for chemists by the IUPAC , the abbreviation for dimethyl sulfoxide most familiar to those concerned with its medicinal uses is " DMSO . "
Consequently , this generic pharmacological name for dimethyl sulfoxide will be employed throughout this paper .
( b ) Supported in part by a grant from The Ronald J. Purer Foundation .
Presented at the Symposium Biological Effects of Cryoprotective Agents at the Cryobiology Meeting , June 1985 , Madison , Wis. ( c ) Stanley W. Jacob , MD , Gerlinger Associate Professor of Surgery and Surgical Research .
References Adamson , J. E. , Crawford , H. H. , and Horton , C.E.
The action of dimenthyl sulfoxide on the experimental pedicle flap .
Surg. Forum .
17:491-492 ( 1966 ) .
Amstey , M.S. , and Parkman , P.D. Enhancement of polio RNA infectivity by dimenthyl sulfoxie .
Proc. Soc. Exp. Biol .
Med. 123:438-442 ( 1966 )
Ashley , F.L. , Johnson , A.N. , McConnell , D.V. , Galloway , D.V. , Machida , R.C. , and Sterling , H.E. Dimethyl Sulfoxide and burn edema .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 463-464 ( 1967 ) .
Ashwood - Smith , M.J. Current concepts concerning radioprotective and cryroprotetive properties or dimethyl sulfoxide in cellular systems .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 41-62 ( 1967 ) .
Baldini , M.G. , and Myers , T.J. One more variety of storage pool disease .
J. Amer Med. Assoc. 244 : 173-175 ( 1980 ) .
Basch , H. , and Gadebusch , H.H.
In vitro antimicrobial activity of dimethyl sulfoxide .
Appl. Microbiol . 16 : 1953 -1954 ( 1968 ) .
Berliner , D.L. , and Ruhmann , A.G.
The influence of dimethyl sulfoxide on fibroblastic proliferation .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 159-164 ( 1964 ) .
Birkmayer , W. , Danielczyk , W. , and Werner , H. DMSO bei spondylogenen neuropathien .
In " DMSO Symposium , Vienna , 1966 " ( G. Laudahn and K. Gertich , Eds. ) pp. 134-136 Saladruck , Berlin ( 1966 ) .
Bonder , R.W. , Siegel , M.I. , McConnell , R.T. , and Cuatrecasesk P.
The appearance of phospholipase and cyclo-oxygenase activities in the human promyelocytic leukemia cell line HL - 60 during dimethyl sulfoxide - induced differentiation .
Biochem .
Biophys .
Res Commun. 98 : 614-620 ( 1981 ) .
Brink , J.J. , and Stein . D.G. Pemoline levels in brain - enhancement by dimethyl sulfoxide .
Science ( Washington , D.C. ) 158 : 1479-1480 ( 1967 ) .
Brown , A.E. , Schwartz , E.L. , Dreyer , R.N. , and Satrorelli , A.C. Synthesis of sialoglycoconjugates during dimethyl sulfoxide - induced erythrodifferentiation of Friend Leukemia cells .
Biochem .
Biophys .
Acta 717 : 217-225 ( 1982 ) .
Chan , J.C. , and Gadebusch , H.H. Virucidal properties of dimethyl sulfoxide .
Appl. Microbiol . 16 : 1625-1626 ( 1968 ) .
Clark , M.G. , Gannon , B.J. , Bodkin , N. , Patten , G.S. , and Berry , M.N.
An improved procedure for high - yield preparation of intact beating heart cells from adult rat : Biochemical and moronologic study .
J. Mol. Cell. Cariol 10 : 1101 - 1121 ( 1978 ) .
Cohran , G.W. , Dhaliwal , A.S. , Forghani , B. Chideste , J.L. , Dhaliwal , G.K. , and Lambron , C.R. Action of dimethyl sulfoxide on tobacco mosaic virus .
Phytopathology 57 , 97 ( 1967 ) . ( abstract ) .
Collins , S.J. , Ruscetti , F.W. , Gallagher , R.E. , and Gallo , R.C. Terminal differentiation of human promyelocytic leukemia cells induced in dimethyl sulfoxide and other polar compounds .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 75 : 2458-2462 ( 1978 ) .
Collins , S.J. , Ruscetti , F.W. , Gallagher , R.E. , and Gallo , R.C. Normal functional characteristics of cultured human promyelocytic leukemia cells ( HL - 60 ) after induction of differentation by dimethyl sulfoxide .
J. Exp. Med. 149 : 969-974 ( 1979 ) .
Conover , T.E. Influence of nonionic organic solutes on various reactions of energy conservation and utilization .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 243 : 24-37 ( 1975 ) .
De la Torre , J.C. Spinal Cord Injury : Review of basic and applied research .
Spine 6 . 315-335 ( 1981 ) .
De la Torre , J.C. , Surgeon , J. W. , Hill , P.K. , and Khan , T. DMSO in the treatment of brain infrction : Basic considerations .
In " Arterial Air Embolism and Acute Stroke : Report No. 11/15/77 " ( J.M. Hallenbeck and L. Greenbaum , Eds. ) pp. 138-161. Undersea Medical Society , Bethesda , Md. ( 1977 ) .
Del Maestro , R. , Thaw , H.H. , Bjork , J. , Planker , M. , and Arfors , K.E. Free radicals as mediators of tissue injury .
Acta. Physiol .
Scand .
Suppl. 492 : 91-119 ( 1980 ) .
Demonpoulos , H.B. , Flamm , E. , Pietronigro , D. , and Seligman , M.L.
The free radical pathology and the microcirculation in the major central nervous system disorders .
Acta. Physiol .
Scand . Suppl. 492 : 91-119 ( 1980 ) .
Denko , C.W. , Goodman , R.M. , Miller , R. , and Donovan , T. Distribution of dimthyl sulfoxide - 35 S in the rat .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 77084 ( 1967 ) .
Deutsch , E. , Beeinflussung der Blutgerinnung durch DMSO und Kombinationen mit Heparin , In " DMSO Symposium , Vienna , 1966 " ( G. Laudahn and K. Gertich , Eds. ) pp.144-149 .
Saladruck , Berlin .
1966 .
Djan , T.I. , and Gunber , D.L. Percutaneous absorption of two steriods dissoved in dimethyl surlfoxide in the immature female rat .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 406-413 ( 1967 ) .
Dougherty , J.H. , Levy , D.E. , and Weksler , B.B. Experimental cerebral ischemia produces platelet aggregates .
Neurology 29 : 1460 - 1465 ( 1979 ) .
Dujovny , M. , Rozano , R. , Kossovsky , N. , Diaz , F.G. , and Segal , R. Antiplatelet effect of dimethyl sulfoxide .
barbiturates and methyl prednisoione .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 441:234-244 ( 1983 ) .
Elfbaum , S.G. , and Laden K. Effect of dimethyl sulfoxide on percutaneous absorption - - a mechanistic study .
J. Soc. Cosmet .
Chem. 19 , 841 ( 1968 ) ( Abstract ) .
Engle , M.F. Indications and contraindications for the use of DMSO in clinical dermatology .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 638-645 ( 1967 ) .
Finney , J.W. , Urschel , H.C. , Balla , G.A. , Race , G.J. , Jay , B.E. , Pingree , H.P. , Dorman , H.L. , and Mallams , J.T. Protection of the ischemic heart with DMSO alone or DMSO with hydrogen peroxide .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 231-241 ( 1967 ) .
Flamm , E.S. , Demonpoulos , H. , Seligman , M. , and Ransohoff , J. Free radicals in cerebral ischemica .
Stroke 9 : 445-447 ( 1978 ) .
Formanek , K. , and Kovac , W. DMSO bei experimentellen Rattenpfotenodemen .
In " DMSO Symposium , Vienna , 1966 " ( G. Laudahn and K. Gertich , Eds . ) .
pp.18 - 24 . Saladruck .
Berlin . 1966 .
Formanek , K. , and Suckert , R. Diuretische Wirkung von DMSO .
In " DMSO Symposium , Vienna , 1966 " ( G. Laudahn and K. Gertich , Eds . ) .
pp.21 -24 . Saladruck .
Berlin . 1966 .
Friend , C. , Scher , W. , Holland , J.G. , and Sato . T. Hemoglobin synthesis in murine virus - induced leukemic cells in vitro : Stimulation of erythroid differentiation by dimethyl sulfoxide .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 68 : 378-382.( 1971 ) .
Gahmberg , C.G. , Nilsson , K. , and Anderson , L.C. Specific changes in the surface glycoprotein pattern of human promyelocytic leukemic cell line HL - 60 during morphologic and functional differentiation .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 76 : 4087-4091 . ( 1979 ) .
Ghajar , B.M. , and Harmon , S.A. Effect of dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) on permeability of Staphylococcus aurens .
Biochem .
Biophys .
Res. Commun. 32 : 940-944 ( 1968 ) .
Ghosh , A.K. , Ito , T. , Ghosh , S. , and Sloviter , H.A. Effects of dimethyl sulfoxide on metabolism of isolated perfused rat brain .
Biochem Pharmacol . 25 : 1115-1117 ( 1976 ) .
Gillchriest , W.C. , and Nelson , P.L. Protein synthesis in bacterial and mammalian cells .
Biophys .
J. 9 : A -133 ( 1969 ) .
Gollan , F. Effect of DMSO and THAM on ionizing radiation in mice .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 63-64 ( 1967 ) .
Gorog , P. Personal communications .
May 10 , 1969 .
Gorog , P. , and Kovacs , I.B. Effect on dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) on various experimental inflammations .
Curr. Ther. Res. 10 : 486-492 ( 1968 ) .
Gorog , P. , and Kovaces , I.B. Effect of dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) on various experimental cutaneous ractions .
Pharmacology 67 : in press .
Greenwald , J.E. , Wong , K.E. , Alexander , M. , and Bianchine , J.R.
In vitro inhibition of thromboxane biosynthesis by hydralazine .
Adv. Prostaglandin Thromboxane Res. 6 : 293-295 ( 1980 ) .
Greig , N.H. , Sweeney , D.J. , and Rapoport , S. I . Inability of dimethyl sulfoxide to increase brain uptake of water - soluble compounds : Implications to chemotherapy for brain tumors .
Cancer Treat .
Rep. 69 : 305-12 ( 1985 ) .
Gries , G. , Bublitz , G. , and Lindner .
J. The effect of dimethyl sulfoxide on the components of connective tissue ( Clinical and experimental investigations ) .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 630-637 ( 1967 ) .
Haigler , H.J. Comparison of the analgesic effects of dimethyl sulfoxide and morphine .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 411 : 19-27 ( 1983 ) .
Hannania , N. , Shaool , D. , Poncy , C. , and Harel , J. New gene expression in dimethyl sulfoxide treated Friend erytholeukemia cells .
Exp. Cell Res. 130 : 119-126 ( 1980 ) .
Herschler , R.J. Unpublished data .
Herzmann , E. Studies of the effect of dimethyl sulfoxide on experimental hypercholesterolemia in young cocks .
Acta. Biol .
Med. Ger. 20 : 483-487 ( 1968 ) .
Higgins , P.J. , and Borentreund , E. Enhanced albumin production by malignantly transformed hepatocytes during in vitro exposure to dimethyl sulfoxide .
Biochum .
Biophys .
Acta. 610 : 174-180 ( 1980 ) .
Holland , C.E. , and Olson , R.E. Prevention by hypothermia of paradoxical calcium necrosis in cardiac muscle .
J. Mol. Cell Cardiol . 7 : 917-928 ( 1975 ) .
Holtz , G.C. , and Davis , R.B. Inhibition of human platelet aggregation in dimethyl sulfoxide , dimethyl acetamidine and sodium glycerophosphate .
Proc. Soc. Exp. Biol .
Med. 141 : 244-248 ( 1974 ) .
Jacob , S.W. , and Herschler , R. Introductory remarks : Dimethyl sulfoxide after twenty years .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 441 : xiii-xvii ( 1983 ) .
Johnson , M. and Ramwell , P.W. Implications of prostaglandins in hematology .
In " Prostaglandins and Cyclic AMP " ( R.H. Kahn and W.E.M. Lands , Eds. ) pp. 275-304 .
Academic Press , New York , ( 1974 ) .
Kamiya , S. , Wakao. , T. , and Nishioka , K. Studies on improvement of eye drops .
Bacteriological consideration of DMSO .
Jpn. J. Clin. Opthalmol .
Rinsho Gank. 20 : 143-152 ( 1966 ) .
Keil , H. L. Enhanced bacterial sport control on peach when dimethyl sulfoxide is combined with sprays of oxytetracycline .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 131-138 ( 1967 ) .
Kligman , A.M. Topical pharacology and toxicology or dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) .
Part 1 . J. Amer. Med. Assoc. 193 : 796-804 ( 1965 ) .
Kligman .
A.M. Topical pharmacology and toxicology of dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) .
Part 2 . J. Amer. Med. Assoc. 193 : 923-928 ( 1965 ) .
Kluge , N. , Ostertag , W. , Sugiyama , D. , Arndt - Jovin , D. , Steinheider , G. , Furusawa , M. , and Dube , S. Dimethyl sulfoxide - induced differentiation and hemoglobin synthesis in tissue culture of rat erythroleukemia cells transformed by 7.12 - dimethylbenz( a ) anthracene .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. 73 : 1237-1240 ( 1976 ) .
Kolb , K.H. , Janicke , G. , Kramer , M. , Schulze , P.E. , and Raspe , G. Absorption , distribution and elimination of labeled dimethyl sulfoxide in man and animals .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 85095 ( 1967 ) .
Lefer , A.M. Role of the prostaglandin - thromboxane system in vascular homeostasis during shock .
Circ. Shock 6 : 297-303 . ( 1979 ) .
LeHann , T.R. , and Horita , A. Effects of dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) on prostaglandin synthetase .
Proc. West Pharacol .
Soc. 18 : 81-82 ( 1975 ) .
Leon , A. Personal communication .
June 5 , 1969 .
Leonard , C.D.
Use of dimethyl sulfoxide as a carrier for iron in nutritional foliar sprays applied to citrus .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 148-158. ( 1967 ) .
Lim , R. , and Mullan , S. Enhancement of resistance of glial cells by dimethyl sulfoxide against sonic disruption .
Ann. N.Y. Sci. 243 : 358-361 ( 1975 ) .
Lin , C.S. and Lin , M.C. Appearance of late - adrenergic response of adenylate cyclase during the induction of differentiation in cell cultures .
Exp. Cell. Res. 112 : 339-402. ( 1979 ) .
Maddock , C.L. , Green , M.N. , and Brown , B.L. Topical administration of anti-tumor agents to locally implanted neoplasma .
Proc. Amer. A. Cancer Res. 7 . 46 . ( 1966 ) ( abstract ) .
Maibach , H. I. , and Feldmann , R. J .
The effect on DMSO of percutaneous penetration of hydrocortisone and testosterone in man .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 423-427 ( 1967 ) .
Male , O. Enhancement of the antimycetic effectiveness of Griseo - Fulvin by dimethyl sulfoxide in vitro .
Arch. Klin. Exp. Dermatol .
223 : 63-76 ( 1968 ) .
Mayer , J.H. , III. , Anido , H. , Almond , C.H. , and Seaber. , A. Dimethyl sulfoxide in prevention of intestinal adhesions .
Arch. Surg. 91 : 920-923 . ( 1965 ) .
Melville , K.I. , Klingner , B. , and Shister , H.E. Effects of dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) on cardiovascular responses to Quabain .
Proscillaridin and Digitoxin. Arch. Intern .
Pharmacodyn.174 : 277-293. ( 1968 ) .
Munoz , L.G. , Rozario , R.A. , Dujovny , M. , and Stroth , D. Antiplatelet properties of DMSO and barbiturates in microvessels with scanning electron microscopy .
J. Neurosurg . 52 : 450 ( 1980 ) ( Abstract ) .
Nadel , E.M. , Nobel , J.G. , Jr. , and Burstein , S. Observations on an effect of ACTH .
dexamethasone .
and dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) on the " out of strain " transplantation and lethality of strain 2 guinea pig leukemia L SC NB to strain 13 and Hartly animals .
Cryobiology 5 : 254-261 ( 1969 ) .
Needleman , P. , Moncade , S. , Bunting , S. , Vane , J.R. , Hamber , M. , and Samuelsson , B. Identification of any enzyme in platelet microsomes which generates thromboxane A 2 from prostaglandin endoperoxides .
Nature ( London ) 261 : 558-560 ( 1976 ) .
Obinata , A. , Takata , K. , Kawada , M. , Hirano , H. , and Endo , H. Reversible inhibition by DMSO of hydrocortisone - induced keratinization of chick embryonic skin .
Exp. Cell Res. 138 : 135-145 ( 1982 ) .
Panganamala , R.V. , Sharma , H.M. , and Heikkila , R.E. Role of hydroxyl radical scavengers , dimethyl sulfoxide , alcohols , and methional in the inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis .
Prostaglandins 11 : 599-607 ( 1976 ) .
Perlman , F. , and Wolfe , H.F. Dimethyl Sulfoxide as a penetrant carrier of allergens through intact human skin .
J. Allergy 38 : 299-307 ( 1966 ) .
Phatek , N. Personal communication .
June 5 . ( 1969 ) .
Pottz , G.E. , Rampey , H. , Jr , and Benjamin , A . Die verwendung von DMSO zur Schellfarbung von Mykobakterien und anderen Mikroorganismen in Abstrichen und Gewbeschnitten .
In " DMSO Symposium , Vienna . 1966 . " ( G. Laudahand , K. Gertich , Eds. ) .
pp.40 -43 . Saladruck .
Berlin . 1966 .
Preziosi , P. , and Scapgnini , U. Action of DMSO on acut inflammatory reactions .
Current Therap .
Res. 8 : 261-266 . ( 1966 ) .
Rammier , D.H. , and Zaffaroni , A. Biological implications of DMSO based on a review of its chemical properties .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 13-23 ( 1967 ) .
Raettig , H. Die Moglichkeiten des DMSO in der experimentellen immunogie .
In " DMSO Symposium , Vienna , 1966 " ( G. Laudahn and K. Gertich , Eds. ) pp. 51 - 56 .
Saladruck , Berlin , ( 1966 ) .
Rao , C.V. Differential effects of detergents and dimethyl sulfoxide on membrane prostaglandin E , and F , receptors .
Life Sci. 20 : 2013-2022 ( 1977 ) .
Rehncrona , S. , Siesjo , B.K. , and Smith , D.S. Reversible ischemia of the brain : Biochemical factors influencing restitution .
Acta. Physiol .
Scand . Suppl. 492 : 135-140 ( 1980 ) .
Rosen , H. , Blumenthal , A. , Panacvich , R. , and McCallum , J. Dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) as a solvent in acute toxicity determinations .
Proc. Soc. Exp. Bio. Med. 120 : 511-514 ( 1965 ) .
Rosenblum , W.I. , and El - Sabban , F. Dimethyl sulfoxide and glycerol , nydroxyl radical scavengers , impair platelet aggregation within and eliminate the accompanying vasodilation of injured mouse pial arterioles .
Stroke 13 : 35-39 ( 1982 ) .
Ross , D.W. Leukemic cell maturation .
Arch. Pathol .
Lab . Med. 109 : 309-313 ( 1985 ) .
Roth , C.A. Effects of dimethyl sulfoxide on pedicle flap flow and survival .
J. Amer. Med. Women's Assoc. 23 : 895-898 ( 1968 ) .
Ruigrok , T.J.C. , DeMoes , D. , Slade , A.M. , and Nayler , W.G.
The effect of dimethyl sulfoxide on the calcium paradox .
Amer. J. Pathol .
103 : 390-403 ( 1981 ) .
Sams , W.M. , Jr. The effects of dimethyl sulfoxide on nerve conduction .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 242-247 ( 1967 ) .
Sams , W.M. , Carroll , N.V. , and Crantz , P.L. Effects of dimethyl sulfoxide on isolated innervated skeletal smooth and cardiac muscle .
Proc. Soc. Exp. Biol .
Med. 122 : 103-107 ( 1966 ) .
Sandborn , E.B. , Stephens , H. , and Bendayan , M . The influence of demethyl sulfoxide on cellular ultrastructure and cytochemistry .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 243 : 122-138 ( 1975 ) .
Scher , B.M. , Scher , W. , Robinson , A. , and Waxman , S. DNA ligase and DNase activities in mouse erythroleukemic cells during dimethyl sulfoxide - induced differentiation .
Cancer Res. 42 : 1300 -1306 ( 1982 ) .
Scherbel , A.L. , McCormack , L.J. , and Layle , J.K. Further observations on the effect of dimethyl sulfoxide in patients with generalized scleroderma ( progressive systemic sclerosis ) .
Ann. N.Y. Sci. 141 : 613-629 ( 1967 ) .
Scherbel , A.L. , McCormack , L.J. , and Poppo , M.J. Alterations of collagen in generalized scleroderma ( progressive systemic sclerosis ) after treatment with dimethyl sulfoxide .
Cleveland Clin. Q. 32 : 47-58 ( 1965 ) .
Schiffer , C.A. , Whitaker , C.l. , Schmukler , M. , Aisner , J. , and Hibert , S.L .
The effect of dimethyl sulfoxide on in vitro platelet function .
Thromb .
Huemostasis 36 : 221-229 ( 1976 ) .
Schlafer , M. , Kane , P.F. , and Kirsch , M. Effects of dimethyl sulfoxide on the globally ischemic heart : Possible general relevance to hypothermic organ preservation .
Cryobiology . 19 : 61-69 ( 1982 ) .
Schreck , R. , Elrod , L.M. , and Batra , K.V. Cytocidal effects of dimethyl sulfoxide on normal leukemic lymphocytes .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 202-213 ( 1967 ) .
Seibert , F.B. , Farrelly , F.K. , and Shepherd , C.C. DMSO and other combatants against bacteria isolated from leukemia and cancer patients .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 175-201 ( 1967 ) .
Shealy , C.N.
The physiological substrate of pain .
Headache 6 : 101-108 ( 1966 ) .
Shealy , C.N. Personal communication .
June 5 , 1969 .
Smith , R.E. , and Hegre , A.M. Smith , R.E.
The use of dimethyl sulfoxide in allergy and immunology .
E.E.N.T. Digest 30 : 47-54 ( 1968 ) .
Spruance , S.L. , McKeough , M.B. , and Cardinal , J.R. Dimethyl Sulfoxide as a vehicle for topical antiviral chemotherapy .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 411 : 28-33 ( 1983 ) .
Stoughton , R.B. Dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) induction of a steroid reservoir in human skin .
Arch. Dermatol . 91 : 657-660 ( 1965 ) .
Stoughton , R.B. Hexachlorophene deposidtion in human stratum corneum .
Enhancement by dimethylacetamide .
demethylsulfoxide . and methylethylether .
Arch.Dermatol . 94 : 646-648 ( 1966 ) .
Suckert , V.R. Die Wirkung von Dimethylsulfozyd auf die Crontronol - arthritis des Kaninchen - kniegelenkes .
Buchbesprechungen . 81 : 157-158 ( 1969 ) .
Sulzberger , M.B. , Cortese , T.A. , Jr. , Fishman , L. , Wiley , H.S. , and Peyakovich , P.S. Some effects of DMSO on human skin in vivo .
Ann N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 437-450 ( 1967 ) .
Svingen , B.A. , Powis , G. , Appel , P.L. , and Scott , M. Protection against adriamycininduced skin nectrosis in the rat by dimethyl sulfoxide and - tocopherol .
Cancer Res. 41 : 3395-3399 ( 1981 ) .
Tarell , C. , Ferrero , D. , Gallo , E. , Pagliardi , L. , and Ruscetti , F.W. Induction of differentiation of HL - 60 cells by dimethyl sulfoxide : Evidence for a stochastic model not linked to the cell division cycle .
Cancer Res. 42 : 445-449 ( 1982 ) .
Tersawa , T. , Miura , Y. , and Masuda , R .
The mechanism of the action of DMSO on the heme synthesis of quail embryo yolk sac cells .
Exp. Cell Res. 133 : 31-37 ( 1981 ) .
Teso , D. , Morita , A. , Bella , A. , Jr. , Luu , P. , and Kim , Y.S. Differential effects of sodium butylate , dimethyl sulfoxide and retinoic acid on membrane - associated antigen , enzymes , and glycoproteins of human rectal adenocarcinoma cells .
Cancer Res. 42 : 1052-1058 ( 1982 ) .
Turco , S.J. , and Canada , A.T. Effects of dimethyl sulfoxide in lowering electrical skin resistance .
Amer. J. Hosp . Pharm . 26 : 120-122 ( 1969 ) .
Wieser , P.B. , Zeiger , M.A. , and Fain , J.N. Effects on dimethyl sulfoxide on cyclic AMP accumulation , lipolysis and glucose metabolism of fat cells .
Biochem .
Pharmacol . 26 : 775-778 ( 1977 ) .
Weissman , G. , Sessa , G. , and Bevans , V. Effect of DMSO on the stabilization of lysosomes by cortisone and chloroquine in vitro .
Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 141 : 326-332 ( 1967 ) .
Zwigeistein , G. , Tapiero , H. , Portoukalian J. , and Fourcade , A. Changes in phospholipid and fatty acid composition in differntiated Friend leukemic cells .
Biochem .
Biophys .
Res. Commun. 98 : 349-358 ( 1981 ) .
Source : Received September 9 , 1985 .
Accepted September 16 , 1985 by the Academic Press , Inc. Printed 1985 ( pp. 14-27 ) .
DMSO Organization wishes to thank the Academic Press , Inc. , for allowing us to place this article on our World Wide Web site .
Academic Press retains all copyright .
To copy any portion of this article , please obtain permission from the publisher .
Classic idiot example
For some people train ramps obviously do n’t mean nothing .. like for this idiot .
He had more luck then brain !
On the first half of today ’s installment of The Diane Rehm Show , Jerry Taylor , a senior fellow at the Cato Institute got off a good line in the midst of a discussion concerning federal regulation of emission standards .
Concerning the performance of the American car manufacturers in comparison to that of foreign automakers , and the moral hazard involved in the various bailouts , Taylor said , “ Capitalism without the threat of bankruptcy is like Christianity without the threat of hell .
It does n’t work very well . ”
Other guests included Mary Nichols ( Chairman of the California Air Resources Board ) , Phyllis Cuttino ( director the Pew Environment Group ’s U.S. Global Warming Campaign ) , and David Shepardson ( Washington Bureau Chief for The Detroit News ) .
The discussion focused in large part on the attempts by California to regulate emissions within its own borders more strictly than allowed by the federal EPA .
Arguments that California is “ too large ” of a state and has too big of an economy to enjoy certain rights does n’t strike me as very convincing .
That ’s simply a consequentialist argument : that the nationwide effects of allowing California to do this will be bad , and therefore we should n’t recognize the state ’s right to handle its own regulation .
If it really is an issue of federalism and state ’s rights , the issue should n’t in the first place be whether or not recognition of a right will presumably have a negative economic impact .
There are a lot of assumptions wrapped up in that argument .
No state is an economic island unto itself .
The mere fact that the national economy is largely integrated does n’t by itself mean that states do not have the right to make decisions about how to regulate things within their own borders .
Just what is the line between acceptable and unacceptable national economic impact ?
Adverse feelings to this particular action on the part of California is n’t sufficient to draw lines too hastily .
How might this apply to other industries and commodities ?
Indeed , we can discuss whether CO2 emissions ought to be regulated at the federal level under the commerce clause , but I do n’t think the size of a state should determine what rights it does or does not have .
Maybe the consequentialist line of reasoning is inherently wrapped up in the commerce clause ( I ’m certainly no constitutional expert ) .
But the clause has been stretched so much ( e.g. it applies to a farmer consuming what he grows on his own farm ) that a little pullback seems warranted , and without the creation of a ( n ) ( inter ) national carbon market ( a remarkably bad idea ) the clause does n’t seem to me to be directly relevant to emissions .
Thanks to a new rule imposed by the European Union , wineries can't use the word " port " on their wine labels unless their stuff was made in Portugal .
Peltier Station Winery was n't the type to accept defeat :
The winemakers thought of a clever loophole , branding their dessert wine " USB " as a substitute for the word
" port . "
In its online store , Peltier Station even boldly lists the $ 25 wine as " USB Port . "
Kind of a stretch , but the roots on the label even resemble the USB symbol .
According to the label maker , 6 West Design , it took quite a while for the label to be approved :
* The back label took three months of TTB / Cola deliberation before they finally approved it - not without telling our Client [ Peltier Station Winery ] they had never encountered someone going so far out of their way to prove a point . *
God , I love semantics , do n't you ?
I 'd love to see the company put out an entire series of dessert " port " wines named after computer connections – FireWire , Ethernet , eSATA .
The curiosity of what those wines would taste like would make me an instant buyer .
Back of the label is below the jump .
Product Page [ Peltier Station via TheDieLine ] ( Thanks , Jenn ! )
Photo : 6 West Design
Perl 5 -- the current version of Perl -- is fourteen years old now .
It 's had several major revisions in that time .
( See Perl History for more details . )
These major revisions add new features , fix old bugs , and generally improve the language .
All of these changes come from real - world users who use the language themselves .
The current stable major version of Perl is Perl 5.10 , released in December 2007 .
This release includes several features backported from Perl 6 , the next stage in evolution of Perl .
Perl 's a popular language .
It 's been around for 21 years , and it was the language of server - side programming back in the day .
It 's still popular .
There are hundreds of books and thousands of tutorials available all over the Internet .
You can learn Perl with little more than a text editor and a web browser , if you so desire .
Remember , however , the Internet rarely forgets .
A Perl tutorial which represented the best version of Perl from 1991 may still be around -- and thanks to search engines , it may be the most highly recommended tutorial anywhere .
Eighteen years later , Perl 's moved on .
We 've learned a lot since then .
The best way to write Perl programs in 1991 or 2001 or 2004 is n't necessarily the best way to write Perl programs in 2009 .
It 's time to discuss and document and disseminate all of the wisdom of the greater Perl community .
It 's time to talk about modern Perl .
Comments for : much better
Had to add the translation again as it wasnt part of the video file .
" Soldiers from the IDF Golani Infantry Division get ambushed by terrorists and respond by killing them .
"
You do n't expect to see anything like this anywhere other than in the movies .
Fair play to the IDF soldier , takes some guts to do that .
Speaking of which I 'd imagine there is a fair amount spread over the desert after that grenade went off .
For all the talk about memes acting like genes and cultures evolving like organisms , no theory of non-biological evolution exists – but that could change .
In a study published today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , linguists observed an artificial language evolve from random to ordered , naturally adapting in ways that assured its reproduction .
The findings duplicated a phenomena they 'd already simulated on a computer , and hint at the earliest evolutionary origins of language – that cultural version of the opposable thumb , and the basis of humanity 's civilizational complexity .
Even more tantalizingly , by showing that cultural evolution can be examined in a controlled setting , the study lays a framework for studying evolution outside its standard biological habitat .
" From Darwin onwards , there 's been a mechanism for nature producing a design without there being a designer , " said study co-author Simon Kirby , an evolutionary linguist at the University of Edinburgh .
" We 're used to that in biology .
People have claimed that the same might happen in culture , and here we 've shown a mechanism for language . "
Kirby and his team showed people a collection of pictures paired with gibberish words , and later tested which pairs they could recall .
Whether or not the recollections were accurate , they were recorded and used as the basis of the next group 's language training .
As the process was repeated , patterns emerged : a certain word might be used , for example , to describe anything that moved horizontally , and another to indicate objects that bounced .
The language that emerged from the first set of iterations , said Kirby , was limited and simplistic .
But for the next set , they discarded duplicate words .
Confronted with this selection pressure – analogous , perhaps , to that exerted by nature on hunters with few words for their prey – the language became precise and highly structured .
Structure , said Kirby , was the key to a language being remembered .
" Over many generations , the grammar goes from ad - hoc and inexpressive into a language that 's cleanly structured and expressive , " he said .
" But what 's evolving here is n't the agents " – the speakers – " but the language itself .
It has its own evolutionary imperative .
It wants to be passed on , and finds ways of doing that .
We 're its hosts . "
Kirby believes the experiment touches on the same process that provided humans with the first languages .
However , he said that linguistic evolution has largely stalled in modern times : though languages continue to change – witness Chinglish – and our communications skills vary , the underlying rules remain stable , having already found a successful form .
Some researchers have proposed studying religion in terms of cultural evolution , said Kirby , but he 's not interested .
" That 's an incredibly difficult thing to study .
But with language , we have tons of data .
It 's the best case study we have for understanding evolution , " he said .
He continued , " But people who are interested in culture more generally might take this work and study the emergence of design in a lab .
I 'd like to see how far that can be pushed .
What kinds of adaptations would a culturally evolving practice come up with ?
How much of what happens around us , that appears rational and intelligently designed , is the product of a blind process ? "
Cumulative cultural evolution in the laboratory :
An experimental approach to the origins of structure in human language [ PNAS ] [ not yet online ]
Images : Snake warning by Alpha ; error / complexity charts from PNAS .
* Update : A commenter raised some good questions about this study , addressed here .
*
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Alamir you can't study the past without understanding the present .
I 'm a student at UBC and the Opinions editor for the CapCourier newspaper .
I 'm also part of the UBC Debating Society and other similarly geeky clubs .
I founded WordArc with my brother .
It was partly to help remedy my sporadic highs of hypergraphia but mostly because I wanted a place where writers could share their best works .
I also do podcasts of WordArc Weekly to help bring more focus and analysis to all the talented writers on here .
Man .
Obsessed with six words .
Forever .
Most movie posters are boring as hell .
It 's always some Photoshop of the stars , and maybe an explosion thrown in if it's an action movie .
Or at least , that 's the way they are in America .
Go to Eastern Europe , or Japan , and you 'll find posters that have absolutely nothing to do with the film , and everything to do with melting a hole in your brain .
Advertisement
20 Alien ( Poland ) " I 've got an idea for a poster .
It 'll convey that the movie is so awesome , your skin will melt off ! "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement " Great .
So there 'll be , like , a skull there ? "
" Sure , sure . "
" And you have seen a skull before , right ? "
" Eh , I can pretty much guess what one looks like . "
19 Star Wars ( Russia ) Star Wars = space cowboy , which is understandable .
Why the space cowboy seems to be constructed out of appliance catalogs , however , is not .
18 Star Wars ( Russia ) Continue Reading Below Advertisement Another Star Wars poster for the Russian market , in which Vader is some kind of robotic disco puma .
So , the people who went to see the movie based on this poster ... were they disappointed ?
17 One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest ( Turkey ) Little known fact : The Turkish Director 's Cut featured Shelly Duvall and swashbuckling zombies .
Seriously , can you fuck up the poster for a Jack Nicholson classic any worse than this ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
16 Chinatown ( Poland )
Yes , yes you can .
Poland makes our list for the second time by portraying Chinatown as the fantastic tale of an uptight middle - aged woman tormented by Pedro the mischievous , nostril - stabbing elf .
1 Ronda ( Spain ) : divided by a 100 - meter deep canyon
Located in a very mountainous area about 750 metres ( 2,500 ft ) above mean sea level , Ronda is a clifftop town in the spanish province of Malaga .
“ El Tajo ” , a 100 - meter deep canyon , separates the old town form the new one , leaving some of the buildings and houses right on the edge of abyss .
Going from one side to the other is possible , as the canyon is spanned by three bridges , each built in a different historical age : Roman , Moorish and 18th Century .
( Photos by giantginkgo and ed-latawiec )
2 Bonifacio ( Corsica ) : 70 meters ( 230 ft ) over the Mediterranean Sea
( photos by jacob metcalf and clivestanley )
At the southern tip of the island of Corsica , Bonifacio is the largest commune of the island .
This fragile looking citadel sits precariously at 70 meters ( 230 ft ) over the white limestone cliffs , eaten away by the wind and waves of the Mediterranean Sea .
A naval haven throughout the century , Bonifacio is now a small marina for expensive yachts from around the world .
3 Castellfolit de la Roca ( Spain ) : situated on a 50 meters ( 164 ft ) high basalt crag
( Photos by ferran )
A municipality in Catalonia , Spain , Castellfollit de la Roca is bordered by the confluence of the Fluvià and Toronell rivers , between which the town ’s basalt cliff rises .
The basalt crag where the town is situated is over 50 meters high and almost a kilometre long .
It was formed by the overlaying of two lava flows and it is one of the smallest towns in the province .
4 Santorini ( Greece ) : a 300 meter ( 984 ft ) high paradise
( Photos by andreas , marcel and kdludwig )
Located about 200 km southeast from Greece ’s mainland , the archipelago of Santorini is essentially what remains of an enormous volcanic explosion , destroying the earliest settlements on what was formerly a single island , and leading to the creation of the current geological caldera .
Its spectacular physical beauty , along with a dynamic nightlife , have made the island one of Europe ’s tourist hotspots .
The Minoan eruption , which occurred some 3,600 years ago at the height of the Minoan civilization , left a large caldera surrounded by volcanic ash deposits hundreds of feet deep and may have led indirectly to the collapse of the Minoan civilization on the island of Crete , 110 km ( 70 miles ) to the south , through the creation of a gigantic tsunami .
The giant central lagoon , more or less rectangular , mesures about 12 km by 7 km ( 8 mi by 4 mi ) and is surrounded by 300 m ( 984 ft ) high steep cliffs on three sides .
5 Manarola ( Italy ) : Italy ’s most precariously placed town
( Photo by Herbert Wong )
Located in Liguria , Manarola is certainly one of Italy ’s most precariously placed towns .
It ’s hard to say just how old this village is , but ancient Roman texts have been found which celebrated the wines produced there .
Today , you can still enjoy strolls through the vineyards , a walk on the Via dell ’Amore ( Path of Love ) and its brightly colored buildings just near the edge .
Dumping a pile of jackets , pants and shirts on the counter of a West Village dry cleaner , Wayne Kasserman had a pungent problem :
A skunk had sprayed outside a Los Angeles guest house where he was staying , and the stink had penetrated the closets and his clothes .
However strong the smell , though , he wanted the antidote to be gentle on the planet .
Mr. Kasserman , 32 , an actor and producer who lives in New York , chose Green Apple Cleaners , which advertises “ nontoxic ” methods that it says will not leave harmful residues in garments or the environment .
He had no shortage of businesses to choose from .
In New York and around the country , dry - cleaning stores have increasingly sprouted signs reading “ organic ” or “ green , ” as environmentally conscious consumers look for alternatives to traditional dry cleaning and its use of the solvent perchloroethylene .
Prolonged contact with that solvent , known as PCE or perc , has been linked in some studies to cancer and neurological troubles like vision problems , and its use is strictly regulated .
But marketing claims for the alternatives are not regulated at all .
So customers like Mr. Wasserman , who said he was not sure just what methods Green Apple used , are left to hope for the best .
And sometimes the cleaning methods advertised as environmentally sound are anything but .
Today is my birthday , and I decided to give you all a gift that few of you have been highly anticipating for a few months now .
My most popular post on this site — probably by far — was last year ’s Best Internet Marketing Posts of 2007 compilation .
I spent about 3 days ( and nights ) on it ( without sleep ) and I was quite happy with the turnout .
This year , I began starting to write this compilation in the first week of December .
The collection begins with posts that start in January of 2008 and have been collected and shared in the last 12 months .
Like last year , I ’ve grouped them into different categories and written short descriptions on each post .
There ’s no order to the posts ; I ’ve used my bookmarks and a variety of social sites and peer recommendations to create this list .
I hope this year ’s list surpasses last year ’s .
Let me know how I did in the comments . 😉
Here ’s how this works :
In the Internet Marketing Best Posts “ series , ” I take posts that are typically timeless — they ’re not confined to a specific event or news occurrence — they ’re valuable for the long haul in terms of Internet Marketing and creative strategy .
Hopefully , you ’ll see that these posts are still relevant in a few years down the road .
These posts range from beginner to advanced with a greater emphasis on the more intermediate posts .
I ’d argue that if you ’re starting your Internet Marketing business with not much know - how , you should check out the 2007 posts ; in fact , most may still find them relevant regardless of the skill level .
New for 2008 :
If your article is highlighted in this comprehensive post , we have badges for you !
Feel free to link to this post with the top right hand image , which was contributed by David Mihm who specializes in Portland Web Design .
Every post is a winner !
Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) :
Social Media : Generic Strategy :
Social Media : Strategy for Social Sites :
Twitter :
Sphinn :
Beginner ’s Guide to Sphinn : Surely there are some of you out there who have never used Sphinn before , but if you are remotely interested in this post , you can imagine that half of the posts I put here were also submitted to Sphinn .?
That said , join up and read this Problogger post for some rules of engagement .
Top 10 Signs
You ’re Spamming Sphinn gives you more insights into how to use social news sites properly .
Crappy MP3 Sites , Comment Spamming & Enough Already : Danny Sullivan rants about how there are “ search marketers ” trying to manipulate Sphinn ( and other social news sites ) .
He explores examples and shows how hard it is to be a moderator of a site like this .
Hey , I hear you .
An Analysis of Sphinn : 175 Homepage Homeruns Dissected :
This post shows you what people are loving on Sphinn .?
It also somewhat correlates to the categories on this post since some topics just happen to be a lot more popular than others .
LinkedIn :
Digg :
How to Level the Playing Field with Digg : While I personally do n’t like Digg anymore and find that it ’s useless for marketers , Skellie think it ’s still valuable .
( I ’d argue “ rarely ” nowadays . )
How I Became a Digg Power User with a 75 % Popular Ratio : I got banned in October from Digg with a 67 % popular ratio and 278 front page stories and offered very similar tips in 2007 , but some people still want to use Digg for this kind of thing .?
Personally , I think Digg will ban you when you get popular .?
The guy who wrote this blog post speaks from the same kind of experience .
Wikipedia :
StumbleUpon :
The Idiot ’s Guide to StumbleUpon : Tim Nash , an active StumbleUpon expert , has offered some strategies on using the social discovery tool .
How to Write Posts that Set StumbleUpon on Fire : Skellie utilizes real - life experience with the social discovery site to show you how you can get a whoosh of good traffic .
28 Tips to Make You a StumbleUpon Superstar : I personally love StumbleUpon — a lot .
And you should too when you apply these tactics .
Fark :
Definitive Guide to Fark and Getting Mass Traffic :
One of the lesser tapped social media sites among search marketers is Fark .
But not for Glen Allsopp , who reviews it here .
Facebook :
delicious :
6 Ways to Make Life Easier with delicious :
How many of you actually use delicious as a search engine ?
Maybe you should .
How to Analyze Your Site with Delicious : Ann Smarty dissects the various parts of delicious.com and shows you how you can learn more about your website .
Flickr :
How to Market on Flickr : While Flickr itself is n’t seen as a community that you would market to , you can find out how to become a respected community member AND market your services as well .
An Insider ’s Guide to Marketing on Flickr : Rohit Bhargava gives some very detailed tips on how you can use Flickr to successfully market products .
FriendFeed :
FriendFeed Can Disrupt Search and Reshape Advertising : Steve Rubel offers his initial impressions of FriendFeed .
25 Different Uses for FriendFeed : FriendFeed power users Michael Fruchter and Louis Gray team up ( well , Mike posted the guest post on Louis ’s blog ) to share some tips on how you can get the most out of this service .?
As an FYI , I LOVE FriendFeed ( and as another FYI , I said the same about Twitter in 2007 and everyone joined up in 2008 .?
Just sayin’ ) .?
By the way , Louis has a ton of great posts on FriendFeed on his blog and this is n’t the only one .
Blogging :
Viral Marketing :
The Top 10 Viral Marketing Campaigns of All Time : Patrick
Altoft reviews the most popular YouTube videos and explains why they rock .
Hard ( but Important ) Lessons About Viral Marketing : Having realistic expectations is important so that you do n’t fail at your viral marketing campaign .
The Viral Marketing Glossary : Dan Zarrella gives definitions for a bunch of terms related to viral marketing .
What is Viral Marketing ? : Seth Godin ’s post from the last day of 2008 is the reason why I held publication of this post till 2009 .?
He explains viral marketing and then shows a case study of how it works .
Link Building :
Reputation Management :
Analytics :
Personal Branding :
Local Search :
Content Development :
Web Development :
Affiliate Marketing :
Domains and Domaining :
AdWords / PPC :
Internet Marketing :
General Marketing :
Best of Techipedia 2008
I typically do n’t put posts from my blog in the “ Best Internet Marketing Posts of 2008 ” list , but this year , since I ’ve grown a considerable number of subscribers , I ’ve decided to give new users the opportunity to read the two best posts without feeling that they need to dig through the archives .?
Of course , if you do n’t mind reading the other posts I ’ve written , by all means , go ahead .?
There ’s some good stuff there that I ’m not highlighting here ( including two on FriendFeed , which is a great content discovery and community building tool which simply does n’t get much love ) .
The Ultimate Social Media Etiquette ( or Netiquette ) Handbook :
My most popular post of December 2008 was about social media etiquette and goes through a variety of social sites to suggest what should and should n’t be done .?
The comment discussion is great as well .
What Traits Define a Social Media Marketer ? :
Experts on social media marketing weigh in on the essential characteristics of the ideal social media marketing guru .
Thanks again to the Portland Web Design company for their awesome badges ( and to Jill for the idea ) .?
Also , thanks for all your contributions to this series .?
Stay tuned for next year’s !
Badges :
If you would like to use any alternative badges on your site , please choose one of the below and copy the corresponding text on your website :
Happy 2009 !
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
Legendary pinup queen Bettie Page died of pneumonia at the age of 85 in a Los Angeles , California , hospital Thursday , a week after suffering a heart attack , according to her agent .
Pinup queen Bettie Page was credited with helping to usher in the sexual revolution .
" She captured the imagination of a generation of men and women with her free spirit and unabashed sensuality , " said agent Mark Roesler in a written statement .
" She is the embodiment of beauty . "
Page , said to be one of the most photographed people of the past century , became a recluse in recent decades .
Yet , her images continued to be used around the world to market Bettie Page action figures , clothing lines and other merchandise .
" Her popularity as an underground , guilty pleasures phenomenon has continued to soar despite the fact that the reclusive Page disappeared almost a half century ago , leading many to believe that one of the most photographed individuals of the 20th century was already dead . "
Roesler said .
The Web site , BettiePage.com , logs about 20 million hits a month , Roesler said .
A TVGuide.com poll recently placed Bettie Page as the " ultimate sex goddess , " outscoring others such as Marilyn Monroe .
iReport.com : Share your trubutes to Bettie Page
Page was born to a poor family in Tennessee on April 22 , 1923 .
While her birth certificate spelled her name " Betty , " she changed the spelling later in life to " Bettie . "
At a time when few women pursued a college education , Page earned a bachelor of arts degree in education from Peabody College in Tennessee in 1944 , according to her official biography .
Her teaching career , however , was hampered by her looks , she said .
" I could n't control my students , especially the boys , " she is quoted as saying .
After her modeling career ended , Page returned to Peabody College to work on a master 's degree , the bio said .
Her Southern drawl and a refusal to sleep with a Hollywood producer hampered her acting career , according to her bio .
" I did n't like his looks , " Page said .
" I would n't have gone to bed with him anyway .
He was a creep .
He drove off in his big car and scolded me , ' You 'll be sorry . '
I was n't . "
Page said she regretted not accepting studio boss Jack Warner 's offer of another screen - test , but it came while she was trying to save her marriage to her first husband , Billy Neal .
Her modeling breakthrough began after she divorced Neal in 1947 when she met a police officer whose hobby was photography .
He suggested the black bangs , which became her trademark , her bio said .
Not long after , her images were everywhere , gracing magazine covers and locker pin-ups .
Page wore nothing but a Santa hat in Playboy 's January 1955 centerfold .
Playboy founder Hugh Hefner said her appearance in his magazine 's first year was a milestone .
" She became , in time , an American icon , her winning smile and effervescent personality apparent in every pose , " Hefner said .
" A kinky connection was added by Irving Klaw 's spanking , fetish and bondage photos , which became part of the Bettie Page mystique , " Hefner said .
" They were playful parodies that are now perceived as the early inspiration for Madonna 's excursions into the realm of sexual perversion . "
Perhaps the most memorable photos of Page were her bondage poses , which she said were all pretend .
" I never understood how anyone believed those poses were sexy , " she later said .
" To be tied up ?
I do n't get it . "
" She was a remarkable woman , truly someone that changed the social norms , not only here in this country , but also around the world , " Roesler said .
" While Jackie Robinson was changing the racial attitudes , Bettie Page was changing our attitudes on sex .
She became a James Dean type of ' rebel ' figure as she allowed people to be less inhibited and look at sex in a different way . "
Saucy photos of Paige in skimpy clothing or none at all helped to lead the way for the sexual revolution of the 1960s .
Page suddenly disappeared from the scene in 1958 .
It was only decades later revealed that she re-emerged to explain that she underwent a religious conversion and moved to Florida .
Her life took a dark turn starting in 1978 after her third marriage failed , Roesler said .
Page went through " some mental instability , violent mood swings , and serious trouble with the law " and was eventually diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic , according to her bio .
Page reappeared in public in December 2003 for Playboy 's 50th anniversary party , where she made a grand entrance with Anna Nicole Smith .
It was the only time in the past 50 years that Page allowed her photograph to be taken , Roesler said .
A private funeral service is planned for Tuesday .
Page will buried at Westwood Cemetery in Los Angeles , just a few feet away from Monroe .
Concluding remarks on how this information is useful to one 's life now - how to further alter the delicate chemistry of the body without ingestion of substance
The Pineal Gland , LSD and Serotonin
This paper involved a great amount of research .
It is the result of manipulating many manuals , texts , and magazines published by the lay and the respectable .
Almost all the literature available on LSD , serotonin and the pineal gland is written in their native scientific nomenclatures .
In spite of the amount of study , very little is really known about these three subjects which is what makes this report valuable as an initial exploration .
The informational pool this paper provides will be valuable to those true seekers of inner transactions , that is , subtle metabolic processes which are influenced consciously .
Brief History of the Discovery of the Pineal Gland ( Epiphysis )
[ 1 ]
[ 2 ]
The first person to give the pineal gland an endocrine status was Otto Heubner , a famous German pediatrician .
In 1898 he described precocious puberty in a boy who had a pineal tumor .
To confuse the situation , there were reports of patients with delayed sexual maturity who also had pineal tumors .
As the result of these reports , conflicting though they were , it was believed for the next fifty years that the pineal had something to do with the control of puberty .
A slight diversion from the puberty theory came in 1918 when Nils Holmgren , a Swedish anatomist , made detailed microscopic examinations of the pineal glands from frogs and dogfish sharks .
In these glands he found cells that looked very much like cone cells ( color sensitive photoreceptor cells ) of a retinal nature in the tip of the pineal .
Because of the resemblance Holmgren suggested that the pineal was not a gland at all , but that it functioned as a ' third eye ' in frogs and dogfish sharks .
Holmgren made no study of mammalian pineal glands . [ 3 ]
A new round of investigation began in 1958 when Lerner and his team at the Yale University of Medicine extracted a substance they called melatonin from the pineals of cattle .
Giving more evidential information towards the validation of the hypothesis that the pineal gland is an endocrine gland .
Further microscopic probing , this time with mammalian pineals , indicated an intimate association between the epiphysis ( the pineal ) and the sympathetic nervous system .
It also revealed no cone cells of the type found in the retina , so the mammalian pineal did not seem to have the resembling third eye structure that had been reported for frogs and dogfish sharks . [ 4 ]
Obviously the discovery of the pineal is a recent one .
Research is fragmented because of the variety of professionals interested ( e.g. theologians , biologists , endocrinologists , and zoologists ) .
At this point it can be conjectured there is still much history to be written about this curious pineal gland .
Hopefully the next entry in the historical text will be the discovery of the " spiritual " connections of the pineal gland to the brain .
The star of this essay is the pineal gland .
LSD and serotonin are taken in consideration because of their mysterious relationship to the pineal .
Most of the findings regarding LSD and serotonin will be better understood after being first familiar with the epiphysis ( the pineal gland ) .
General Location of the Pineal Organ in Various Animals
The cerebellum is one of the oldest features of the brain .
It consists of two deeply convoluted hemispheres .
Its most important function seems to be coordinating muscular activity in the body . [ 5 ]
Such activity is initiated by impulses arising in the motor area of the forebrain .
These impulses not only travel down the spinal cord to the motor neurons but also pass into the cerebellum .
As the body action is carried out , sensory impulses from the proprioceptors , the eyes , the semi- circular canals , etc. , are also sent to the cerebellum .
The cerebellum then compares the information on what the body is actually doing to what the forebrain had instructed it to do . [ 6 ]
If a discrepancy exists , the cerebellum sends modifying signals to the forebrain so that appropriate corrective signals can be sent out to the muscles .
It is not surprising that birds have relatively large cerebella when we consider that they must be capable of moving swiftly and accurately in three dimensions of space , while we and other earth - bound animals spend most of our lives moving about on fairly flat surfaces . [ 7 ]
When thinking of the location of the pineal gland think of it as being near the upper end of the spinal cord .
It ends or terminates in the oldest anatomical region in the brain .
It might be useful here to note the various locations of other animal 's pineal glands .
The most popular creature in third eye studies is the Western Fence Lizard - Sceloporus occidentalis .
This little gentleman not only has a fine and functional pineal gland but also a photoreceptive element plainly called a ' third eye ' .
The pineal of the Western Fence Lizard is located directly on top of the head .
A small opening ( foramen ) can be seen in the skull where the ' third eye ' actually protrudes .
Similar to this tiny reptile is a very distant relative , the Pacific Tree Frog - Hyla regilla , which also has the pineal topside .
H. regilla does not share the Fence lizard 's foramen or optic lens .
The pineal of the Treefrog is barely visible because of the many similar " bumps " on the skin .
Nonetheless it is functional .
Another classic example is the Pacific Sea Lamprey - Petromyzon marinus .
This lamprey represents the lowest forms of living vertebrates , the cyclostomes , where are jawless , limbless creatures of great evolutionary significance . [ 8 ]
The lamprey , too , has a conspicuous pineal gland .
In fact it has two , both located together .
The pineal gland of the lamprey is usually studied when the lamprey is in the larval stage .
It is then when the gland is most visible .
And like the Treefrog and Fence Lizard , the Lamprey has its pineal organ located above the brain .
We will look closer at these three dealing with the optic quality of their receptors .
It should become apparent after looking at the embryological evidence that the epiphysis and its possible pathways have semi-receded in the higher vertebrates .
It has migrated from the position of above to the position of below and center .
The Optic Third Eye Compared to the Endocrinal Pineal Gland
Since the first discovery , right on down to present findings , there has been the question of the pineal 's relation to light .
How romantic to think of a functional third eye pointed skyward for the ultimate in ground protection !
Other obvious benefits are associated with the having of such a receptor .
In the Western Fence Lizard ( S. occidentalis ) the pineal and the parietal third eye are connected by means of the parietal nerve .
The epiphysis is located above the cortex and under the bone of the skull .
Under high magnification one sees the ultrastructures of the cornea , lens , and retina .
The cornea is composed of an inner , highly fibrous layer and an epidermal layer .
The cornea is fused with the lens , a palisade of elongate , cylindrical cells whose nuclei lie at their basal ends .
A fibrous capsule encloses the eye and attaches it to the skin .
The parietal nerve leaves the retina , passes through the capsule , and courses posteriorly under the roof of the cranium and then ventrally to the epiphysis and brain . [ 9 ]
We know that the parietal eye is functional because there are changes in electrical activity , which can be recorded from the retina ( ERG ) or parietal eye nerve when light to the eye is turned off or on .
It is also interesting that a deficiency of vitamin A causes a breakdown in the outer segments of third eye receptors in S. occidentalis .
Let it be said now that the third eye contains a light sensitive substance ( or perhaps two substances ) since it reacts differently to short and long wave lengths of light . [ 10 ]
The Pacific Treefrog has a similar structure for the third eye and epiphysis .
Even though close observation does not reveal this .
Detailed examination illustrates that it too has a pineal third eye which protrudes above the surface of the cranial wall .
It is responsive to light stimulation . [ 11 ]
The Pacific Treefrog is the amphibian example of animals with third eye function .
The Sea Lamprey - P. marinus is the aquatic example of third eye animals .
It has , in the larval form , two parietal eyes and nerve which runs through the epiphysis .
And as mentioned , the Sea Lamprey is a representative of an ancient group of animals .
The fact that it has a third eye is relevant to this story .
To know that nature has been working with the third eye through many cycles of evolution gives just more inspiration for further studies concerning our pineal organ .
While looking over the many diagrams and sketches of the brain region of various creatures , one can not help noticing the proximity of the third eye to the pineal .
In fact in some animals there is no dividing line distinguishing the two .
Furthermore there is a relatively major nerve which comes from the parietal eye to the epiphysis .
Certainly this anatomical connection suggests that light received by the third eye is sent to the epiphysis for translation and storage .
The literature in the spiritual community may not be so far off when they postulate that the pineal is the ' Oracle of Light ' .
The light of the body is the eye :
therefore when thine eye is single ,
thy whole body also is filled with light ;
but when thine eye is ' evil ' ,
thy body also is full of darkness . [ 12 ]
But we know from anatomy that Homo sapiens and all higher vertebrates have no protruding third eye .
They do have a pineal which is sensitive to light . [ 13 ]
But it is buried quite deep in the bed of cortical tissue .
The Recent Findings of Pineal Function and Physiology
[ 14 ]
[ 15 ]
There is a relationship between sex hormones and the light receptive quality of the epiphysis .
It has been proposed that one function of the pineal in the rat is to serve as a neuroendocrine transducer , mediating the effects of environmental lighting on the gonads . [ 16 ]
Accordingly information about lighting is perceived by the retina and nervous impulses are conveyed to the pineal gland by way of the sympathetic nerve .
The pineal responds by altering its production of methoxyindoles , these enter the bloodstream and influence endocrine economy of the body .
The methoxyindoles are synthesized by the pineal in the absence of light and presumably exert inhibitory effects on the gonads . [ 17 ]
Another curious feature of the pineal organ is the production of melatonin and serotonin .
Serotonin is produced in the gut of the intestinal tract as well as the Pineal organ .
Serotonin is another transmitter .
It is one of the major four , this is , one of the commonest neurohumors .
The interesting thing about serotonin is its change over to melatonin which occurs chemically in the pineal gland .
The pineal gland is the only area where this is done .
This has direct significance to what happens to the larval stages of most amphibians .
It is known as blanching .
Larval forms of amphibians undergo a marked blanching when maintained for a time in darkness .
A similar response is displayed by many fishes . [ 18 ]
It is likely that blanching is due , in some measure , to a degree of decrease in MHS ( a hormone ) release in darkness , but for the most part it is believed that the principle effect results from the release of melatonin ( N - acetyl - 5 - methoxytryptamine ) from the pineal . [ 19 ]
This hypothetic scheme , advanced by Bagnara and supported by others [ 20 ] suggests that under conditions of darkness , the pineal is stimulated to release melatonin , presumably a pineal hormone , in the general circulation . [ 21 ]
Melatonin exerts a profound contracting effect on dermal melanophores ( pigment pores ) leading to rapid blanching . [ 21 ]
The involvement of the pineal in this response relates to two aspects of its physiology , light reception and endocrine function . [ 22 ]
Morphologic and electrophysiologic studies have clearly established that the pineal can function as a photoreceptor , but its role as an endocrine organ is more obscure , despite the fact that circumstantial evidence strongly indicates that this is the case . [ 23 ]
The first evidence indicating that the pineal organ contains humoral agents comes from the experiments of McCord and Allen , who made the important discovery that tadpoles underwent profound blanching when they were fed mammalian pineals . [ 24 ]
But they discarded this as an unusual pharmacological phenomena .
Later Lerner and his colleagues isolated a potent " melaosome - aggregating agent " ( hormone ) from beef pineal glands , which they identified as melatonin .
Since then this indole has been found in the pineal of other animals ( e.g. monkeys , cows , rats , birds , and amphibians ) .
Of great interest is the remarkable fact that relatively large amounts are found in the lateral eyes . [ 25 ]
The lateral eyes as well as the pineals contain all the substrates and enzymes essential for the synthesis of melatonin . [ 26 ]
Melatonin is synthesized from serotonin ( 5 - hydroxytryptamine ) in the following manner : ( 1 ) An N - acetylating enzyme converts serotonin to N - acetylserotonin ; ( 2 ) the latter compound is O - methylated through the action of hydroxyindole - O- methyltransferase ( HIOMT ) .
Serotonin is metabolized to 5 - hydroxyindole acetaldehyde by the enzyme monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) .
The activity of this enzyme in the destruction of serotonin and that of HIOMT in the O-methylation of N - acetylserotonin provide convenient vehicles for controlling the amount of melatonin present in an organism at any one time . [ 27 ]
In view of all available data , the hypothesis that the body - blanching reaction of amphibian larvae is mediated by the pineal seems rather convincing .
However , it must be mentioned that this mechanism is restricted to the larval form .
The adults do not have such a function .
The melanophores of adult fishes and amphibians are generally unresponsive to melatonin .
The body - blanching aspect of the pineal is the most convincing and clear cut evidence for endocrinal activity .
So far this can not be said of any of the other implication , aroused in this exploration , or pineal function . [ 28 ]
Serotonin , LSD , and the Epiphysis ( Third Eye )
[ 29 ]
As mentioned , serotonin is one of the four main neurohumors or neurotransmitters in higher vertebrate nervous systems .
I have mentioned the location of serotonin production and note here that the serotonin is transported via the bloodstream to the nerve cells throughout the body , but most especially in the neurons of the brain .
Here they accumulate in the their minutest molecular form .
The molecule serotonin is utilized by the nerve cells for the complete execution of electrical impulses across the synaptic gap ( which is the micro - gap between every connection of every nerve cell in the entire nervous system ) .
The impulses comes along the nerve cell going through the electro - chemical processes with the ionic forms of calcium and potassium ( the two vitals of the nervous system ) until they reach the terminal end of the cell 's dendrites .
Upon reaching the end of the electrical impulse is translated into the neurochemical serotonin .
This is then " squeezed " out into intercellular space only to connect and meet the other side which is the beginning of the next nerve soma ( lining of the nerve cell ) . [ 30 ]
Few molecules can penetrate what is known in biology as the " blood brain barrier " .
Those that do go directly to the neuron .
After that it becomes a matter of their ability to imitate one of the neurotransmitters .
Our neurons have a safety device for this type of situation .
The neurotransmitters have a unique molecular shape and can only fit in a specific slot on the synaptic surface .
Mind - altering drugs all operate on mimicking one of the neurotransmitters .
( Most all drugs work internally , one exception is alcohol .
Alcohol 's effect is caused by altering the sensitivity of the some or cell wall . )
LSD happens to be one of the more famous antagonists .
It not only penetrates the blood brain barrier but slips slyly into the transmission site inside the nerve cells themselves .
It can mimic serotonin to the point where the body thinks its serotonin and consequently shoots it across the synaptic gap .
When LSD reaches the other side it is accepted but the LSD does n't carry the message any further .
The impulse of electricity is redirected down less familiar pathways , pathways which have not been highly conditioned .
Specifically LSD affects the oldest parts of the brain first ( e.g. upper end of the spinal cord , medulla oblongata , cerebrum , pineal gland and hypothalamus region ) then the bloodstream takes it forward into the immediate back brain ( location of sight interpretation ) up through the area of hearing , the cerebellum , other sense interpretive centers , and the motor areas .
Using radioactive molecules traced with LSD , science has been able to follow the course of LSD through the various channels and avenues of the body .
It has been found found that after selecting certain areas of the various parts of the brain it then migrates to sections with fewer imprints , for instance the right of the hemisphere , the so - called creative center .
By redirecting consciousness , as it were , into the unimprinted areas of the cortex , one hypothetically experiences the world anew , hence the variety of interpretations which arise upon questioning psychedelic voyagers about their " trip " .
Because of LSD 's antagonistic effect on serotonin and the pineal gland itself , it would seem quite likely there is a chemical relationship between mental illness and deficiencies of serotonin . [ 31 ]
But intravenous doses have been administered to humans with no psychedelic effects noted . [ 32 ]
Melatonin itself has the same indole structure as LSD .
Interesting indeed !
Speculations
[ 33 ]
The following is a question and answer dialogue between Lu K'uan Yu ( student ) and Liao Jan ( teacher ) concerning taoist meditation techniques :
Question : I have read Taoist books which all urge the development of the light in the original cavity or center of spirit ( tsu ch'iao , in the center of the brain between the eyes ) at the start of practice but I do not see why .
All Taoist schools regard this as the aim of the cultivation of ( essential ) nature without giving details .
Will you please tell me where true nature actually manifests ?
Answer : ( The tsu ch'iao cavity in ) the center of the brain branches out into two minor channels on its left and right ; the left one stands for t'ai chi ( supreme ultimate ) and the right one for ch'ung ling ( immaterial spirit ) ; they are linked with the t'ien ( heavenly valley ) center above them and yung chuan ( bubbling spring ) centers in the soles of the feet after running through the heart in the chest .
The Tao Ching says : " Nature is ( in ) the heart and manifests through the eyes ; life is ( in ) the lower abdomen and manifests through the genital organ . "
( Essential ) nature is spiritual vitality in the heart that manifests through two channels from the center of the brain .
So when seeing is concentrated on the spot between the eyes , the light of ( essential ) nature manifests and will , after long training , unite with ( eternal ) life to become one whole .
This union is called seeing the void that is not empty and he who is not awakened to this union will achieve nothing in practice .
Question :
When I was taught meditation I was urged to empty my heart ( house of fire ) of all thoughts , set my mind on cultivating ( essential ) nature and open my eyes to contemplate the void to accord with the correct Way ; will you please explain all this to me ?
Answer :
Seeing the void as not empty is right and seeing the void as empty is wrong , for failure to return to the ( tsu ch'iao ) center ( which is not empty ) prevents the light of vitality from manifesting .
Under the heart and above the genital organ is an empty space where spiritual vitality manifests to form a cavity .
When spirit and vitality return to this cavity , spiritual vitality will soar up to form a circle ( of light ) which is not void .
Voidness which does not radiate is relative but voidness which radiates is absolute .
Absolute voidness is not empty like relative voidness .
Voidness that is not empty is spiritual light which is spirit- vitality that springs from the yellow hall center ( huang ting or middle tan t'ien , in the solar plexus ) .
My master Liao K'ung said : " When the golden mechanism ( of alchemy ) begins to move and gives out flashes of light , that hall of voidness ( hsu shih , i.e. the heart devoid of feelings and passions ) will be illuminated by a white light which reveals the mysterious gate ( hsuan kuan ) , the presence of which does not mean emptiness . "
Man lives and dies because of this immaterial spirit- vitality ; he lives when it is present and dies when it scatters .
Hence it is said : ' Spirit without vitality ; does not make a man live ; and vitality without spirit does not cause him to die . '
Prenatal spirit in the heart is nature and prenatal vitality in the lower abdomen is life ; only when spirit and vitality unite can real achievement be made .
Question :
Will you please explain the saying : ' If one reaches the original cavity of spirit ( tsu ch'iao , in the center of the brain between the eyes ) one will find the source of immortal breath . '?
Answer : Worldly men who discover the original cavity of spirit are very rare indeed .
It is under heaven ( the top of the head ) , above the earth ( the lower abdomen ) , west of the sun ( the left eye ) and east of the moon ( the right eye ) .
Behind the mysterious gate ( hsuan kuan ) and before the spirit of the valley ( ku shen ) is true nature ( chen hsin ) which is the source of true breath ( chen hsi ) .
Although this true breath is linked with postnatal ( ordinary ) breathing -- the latter coming in - an - out through the mouth and nostrils , cannot reach the original cavity of spirit to return to the source .
The immortal breath that comes from inner ( vital ) fourfold breathing ( a four - fold breath consists of in - and - out breaths with corresponding ascent and descent of vitality in the microcosmic orbit ) and not through the nose and mouth , can then return to the source .
In your quest for immortal breath , you should regulate post-natal ( ordinary ) breathing in order to find its source .
This immortal breath is hidden in the original cavity of spirit and is genial and will not scatter away when post-natal ( ordinary ) breathing is well regulated .
Hence my master Liao Jen said : " When vitality returns to the original ocean ( its source ) life becomes boundless . "
( Note : the part that follows is very important . )
Question :
Will you please give me the exact position of the original cavity of the spirit ?
Answer :
It is ( in the center of the brain behind ) the spot between the eyes .
Lao
Tzu called it ' the gateway to heaven and earth ' ; hence he urged people to concentrate on the center in order to realize the oneness ( of all things ) .
In this center is a pearl of the size of a grain of rice , which is the center between heaven and earth in the human body ( i.e. , the microcosm ) ; it is the cavity of prenatal vitality .
To know where it lies is not enough , for it does not include the wondrous light of ( essential ) nature which is symbolized by a circle which fatherly Confucius called virtuous perfection ( jen ) ; the Book of Change ( I Ching ) calls it the ultimateless ( wu chi ) , the Buddha perfect knowledge ( yuan ming ) and the Taoists , the elixir of immortality or spiritual light ; which all point to the prenatal One True Vitality .
He who knows this cavity can prepare the elixir of immortality .
Hence it is said : ' When the One is attained , all problems are solved . '
Therefore , during the training both eyes should turn inward to the center ( between and behind them ) in order to hold on to this One which be held in the original cavity of spirit ( tsu ch'iao ) with neither strain nor relaxation ; this is called fixing spirit in the original cavity which should be where ( essential ) nature is cultivated and the root from which ( eternal ) life emerges . [ 34 ]
The above is a translation from a very ancient Chinese dialog between master and student , a conversation which illustrates there were and are some who have put the knowledge of the pineal gland to beneficial use by concentrating upon its general location which we have described in quite some detail .
Those who also use this information will be directly altering their biochemical balance for the better .
I will go one further step in speculative ideology .
It is my assumption there is a LIGHT which penetrates even the deepest of neural tissue .
I believe this has a direct effect on the physiology of the pineal gland which in turn affects the organism as a whole .
Research Presently Needed For Further Understanding
All in All there is Much to be Done !
This information can be useful to your life now .
To know that there are physical effects of " mind - drugs " that mimic natural body effects and that physical phenomena is altered through external methods ( drugless ) , is to bring more light to all these new and dynamic ways to truly " change " one 's " consciousness " .
I 'm approaching the one - year mark of being unemployed -- something I like to call " freelancing " -- and I 'm here to tell you that you can scrape by in this land of $ 500,000 , 800 - square foot houses without a " real " job or any sense of " responsibility " .
Here 's a sampling of what you can do to live and / or die in LA : Game show run - thru : Before a new game show is greenlit , they film run -thrus with real people to get a sense of how it will work .
They 'll pay you $ 50 to go through the motions for an hour or two , as long as you 're energetic .
It helps to freebase beforehand .
Studio focus group :
You can get $ 50 or $ 75 to spend a couple of hours watching some crap TV show pilot starring Richard Grieco or Ian Ziering .
It beats selling bone marrow .
Extra work :
It 's like being an intern , except you do n't have to do anything , and you get paid .
Plus you get to see what an ass Kiefer Sutherland is behind the scenes .
Sell CDs at Amoeba : A reliable option , as long as you can deal with the snotty sales clerk 's disdain for your musical taste .
Yes , I know these CDs suck ; that 's why I 'm trying to sell them .
Freelance paparazzi : Celebrities are LA ’s greatest natural resource outside of Mexicans .
Use them as God intended : as social piñatas .
" Adult " gig : Craigslist is loaded with opportunities for the morally bankrupt ; all you need is an open mind and even more open legs .
Chances are you ’ll be covered in bodily fluids at some point in your life anyway , so why not get paid for it ?
Casting agent :
You ’d be surprised how easy it is to start your own casting agency — as easy as saying , " I have my own casting agency . "
If the price is right , cheap indie flicks will come , and you ’ll get to be entertained by how far actors are willing to go for a non-union gig that pays in cheese sandwiches .
DALLAS – The prosecution in the Hamas - support trial of the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development ( HLF ) schooled an attentive jury Tuesday on the significance of previously - admitted exhibits .
FBI Agent Lara Burns , who testified last month , returned to the stand , providing jurors with prepared " schedules " which assembled existing exhibits into easy - to - read grids .
The grids listed individuals and Palestinian charities – or zakat committees – alleged to be under Hamas control with relevant corresponding exhibits .
Federal prosecutor Barry Jonas questioned Burns about these " schedules , " offering a story of how HLF connects to the zakat committees and to Hamas .
Jonas focused on Hamas - linked committees to which HLF continued sending money after Hamas was designated as a terrorist group by the U.S. government .
The defendants are accused of conspiring to provide material support to Hamas .
Prosecutors say as much as $ 12 million was sent from HLF to the terrorist group until the Treasury Department shut HLF down in December 2001 .
Defense attorneys say HLF donated money to charity for needy Palestinians .
Since the prosecution began presenting its case September 23 , jurors have been introduced to dozens of characters and well over 100 exhibits featuring wiretaps , videotapes and internal documents , nearly all of which originally were in Arabic .
Tuesday 's review session seemed designed to help the jury put the evidence together .
In one video exhibit , dubbed the " tent video " by Jonas , Hamas leaders were interviewed in a tent in Lebanon where they were expelled by Israel in 1992 .
The Hamas leaders and other notable characters mentioned working with various zakat committees , including the Islamic Relief Committee , the Jenin Zakat Committee , the Islamic Charitable Society of Hebron and the Islamic Society of Gaza .
The Hamas logo was displayed intermittently throughout the video and several Hamas leaders were interviewed .
Burns explained how each committee mentioned in the video received money from HLF and pointed to domestic and foreign bank records , letters and other evidence seized by the FBI .
Often these money transfers were authorized by defendants Shukri Abu Baker and Ghassan Elashi , Burns said .
Another exhibit , a letter to Baker , showed that Hamas was attempting to gain complete control over the zakat committees , Burns said .
In the letter , each committee was listed along with an approximation of the percentage of the committee controlled by Hamas .
For example , next to some committees , the list read " it is all ours . "
Next to the Ramallah Zakat Committee it read , " Ramallah Zakat Committee is ours . "
A December 2001 memorandum from the Palestinian General Intelligence Service said members of the Ramallah Zakat committee " are associated with the Hamas Movement and some of them are activists in the Movement . "
Other records indicated the committees aimed to do more than just charitable work .
Jonas asked Burns about a 1992 letter from the Islamic Relief Committee asking for money for weapons to carry out jihad .
Part of the letter , translated by the FBI from Arabic , read :
" Be with us and live with us .
Do not rest , and do not twinkle until you care about us and provide us with what helps us of funds and weapons .
Weapons , weapons , our brothers . "
As reported Monday , documents taken from the Palestinian Authority that link the committees to Hamas has been admitted into evidence .
In addition to the memo tying the Ramallah Zakat Committee to Hamas , another memorandum by Palestinian Security officials entitled " Who is Financing Hamas , " reported that people in the United States provided as much as 10 percent of Hamas ' funding " through donations and the sale of newspapers and Zakat funds . "
The memo identified the Islamic Association for Palestine and " The Holy Land Fund " under the section for American financing for " Hamas Financial Resources Worldwide . "
Omar Ahmad , a co-founder and current chairman - emeritus of the Council on American - Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) also served as Islamic Association for Palestine president .
Burns ' testimony is expected to continue Wednesday .
Unemployment in Britain was set to pass two million over the Christmas period .
As the economic crisis bites , it brings more announcements of job losses and reasons for people to be fearful for their jobs .
There were depressing scenes at Woolworths stores around Britain last week as workers put up “ Closing down sales ” posters .
It is almost certain that the 30,000 workers employed by the stricken company will not have a job by the time other shops start their January sales .
Every statistical measure shows that the British economy is already in recession , and things are very likely to get worse .
High street shops and manufacturing companies are letting it be known that they are waiting until the new year to announce job cuts and closures .
The collapsed bank HBOS finally merged with Lloyds TSB last week , although this is little comfort for the workers as the new company is considering as many as 40,000 redundancies .
Even where there are n’t redundancy announcements the picture is bleak .
Uncertain
For instance , the 25,000 workers at the Corus steel company face an uncertain future .
The firm wants them to take a 10 percent pay cut to help it through the crisis – which the unions have so far rejected .
The Vauxhall car manufacturer has offered 2,200 workers at its Ellesmere Port plant a nine - month “ sabbatical ” from work on just 30 percent of their pay .
The government makes promises to help hard - pressed families facing poverty , but its real interest is in protecting business .
Tampering with VAT rates will not save jobs .
And the collapse of the pound against other currencies will only make matters worse .
While the government talks of using public finances to spend its way out of recession , the reality is that people are facing cuts in jobs and services .
The response of the union leaderships to this is a matter of concern .
The Community , Unite and GMB unions have said talks will continue with Corus .
Michael Leahy , general secretary of the Community union , told the BBC last week that Corus was committed to avoiding closures and job losses , if at all possible .
He helpfully added , “ We realise that there ’s been a global downturn in production of steel and people wanting steel . ”
Jimmy Skivington , a GMB organiser said , “ We will work with Corus to find a way through the financial situation .
We are ruling nothing in and nothing out . ”
Some of the trade union leaders have begun to raise the idea of a “ social contract ” .
The idea is that some sort of partnership between the bosses , the government and the unions is the way out of the financial crisis .
Failed
The Unite union ’s proposals to deal with job losses in the financial and car industries involve a social contract .
This has been tried before – and it failed .
The Labour government introduced a “ social contract ” in 1975 in an attempt to deal with an economic crisis .
It was sold on the basis that strong groups of workers must show wage restraint so poorer groups could catch up .
Initially criticism was muted as the contract had the backing of union leaderships .
Union leaders were promised a say in the direction of the economy , and the government introduced some limited price controls .
The problem was that it disarmed the ability of the union movement to respond to the economic crisis .
We should not make the same mistake again .
Hesitations and retreats are a hallmark of the trade union bureaucracy .
Because of this union leaders tend to rely on Labour to deliver change on behalf of the workers they represent .
Instead of leading a fight to defend jobs and wages , union leaders push partnership .
We are encouraged to believe we are all “ in it together ” .
But this is not true .
Loyalty to the government and the bosses will get us nowhere .
We got nothing from them when the economy was booming and they are unlikely to become more reasonable in a recession .
If workers give any concessions it will only encourage the bosses to come back for more .
JCB workers recently accepted a deal that reduced their working week and their pay in return for a guarantee over jobs .
Yet the company went on to slash jobs .
The question , is do we confront the wealthy and their system or do we defend the “ national interest ” ?
Only by answering yes to the first option will we save jobs .
One good example of how crazy the anti-deflation hysteria often is , can be found in this story , where the U.S. government may pay milk farmers to slaughter their cows in order to reduce milk production in the hope of raising the price of milk .
Usually , people argue against price deflation on the ground that it could cause output to fall .
Which is to say , avoiding deflation is seen as a means to achieve the end of avoiding reduced output ( Which it usually , but not always , is n't in reality ) .
But here the focus on preventing the alleged scourge of deflation becomes so strong that they deliberately implement the scenario that the prevention of deflation was supposed to prevent in the first place !
VICTORIA faces its worst bushfire season in more than a decade , and it is likely to come earlier than in previous years , according to the Bureau of Meteorology .
The State Government is also warning that parts of the Victorian Alps region are at risk of " catastrophic " or " major " consequences if there is a fire , largely because of nearby townships and infrastructure .
The warnings come as Melbourne faces its driest spring on record , with September - October rainfall just 26 millimetres  just two - thirds of the previous record low , set in 1914 .
The long - term outlook for the rest of the year is also drier than average .
Dry state .
According to the bureau 's 2008 - 09 Seasonal Bushfire Assessment areas such as the Dandenong Ranges are at increased risk .
" Forested areas have the largest risk an early start to the fire season is likely in much of this area , " it says .
" There is a long - term underlying dryness across much of the state that has developed from 12 years of rainfall deficiencies fuel loads indicate that far - east Gippsland and Melbourne 's water catchments are two forested areas with accumulated forest fuels .
( These ) are areas of particular concern , as are the Otway and Macedon Ranges . "
If this porch is your porch , you 've probably encountered fans
The cottage that provided the location for Withnail and I 's disastrous holiday to the Lake District is up for sale .
It 's one of a number of sites that draw pilgrimages by fans of the cult film .
Sleddale Hall is , in the veiled parlance of a slick estate agent , in need of a bit of modernisation .
This semi - derelict cottage is approached only by a dirt track and is a couple of miles away from the nearest proper road and yet it is a site of pilgrimage for fans of Withnail and I .
To them it is Crow Cragg , the dismal venue for the protagonists ' trip to the country .
When Withnail and I was released in the mid 1980s it barely made an impression at the box office , but in the decade afterwards it gained cult status , particularly among students .
Hardcore devotees
This story of a jobbing actor and his debauched thespian flatmate and their ill - fated holiday has now impressed itself on a couple of generations of wannabe hedonists .
Its most hardcore devotees like to trawl around the locations used in the film , like Sleddale Hall .
Free to those who can afford it ... Sleddale Hall .
Price £ 145,000 Bampton in Cumbria is a key stop , and their first port of call is often the garage owned by Stead Bowness .
He had the honour of providing the tractor driven by the farmer Withnail & I encounter at Crow Cragg .
Sadly , he reveals , he is no longer in possession of the tractor , having failed to realise until it was too late the cult potential of the movie he was involved in .
" The tractor was mine .
I was there when they did the bull scene .
There was nothing for 10 years but it has taken off . "
Now he deals with a steady stream of Withnailian visitors , directing them to the key sites that will make their trip truly special .
" We get Australians , Americans .
They come fairly regularly , " he says .
Bull scene
There 's the site of the phone box in the village where Withnail vituperates his agent .
Then there 's the precise spot where the bull scene was filmed , just outside Bampton , where Marwood ( that " I " in the film 's title ) utters the much quoted line : " A coward you are Withnail , an expert on bulls you are not . "
This pub is not in Penrith
The fans stay at local guest houses , including the Mardale Inn , where burnt - out actor Andy Murray now can be found painting a series of works based on the film .
He is used to guests playing variations of the Withnail and I drinking game ( where the fans attempt to match Withnail 's drinking blow for blow ) .
" We get quite a lot of trade - a lot of people book in on the strength of the film .
They 're coming to pay pilgrimage , " he says .
" We 've had a few people that do the drinking game .
Perhaps we should put lighter fluid in one of the optics , " he jokes .
The more dedicated want to make the trip to Crow Cragg , to Sleddale Hall , which first involves getting permission from the farmer whose land must be crossed , and then a long trek .
( The hall itself is owned by water company United Utilities )
Those wanting the view of the lake that Marwood sees on waking have to head over to Haweswater .
Other exteriors can be found in the village of Shap .
Many exteriors were filmed in and around Bampton
But the fans must do their homework .
Disappointment awaits the Withnail and I pilgrim in Penrith , which in the movie is the site of the Penrith Tea Rooms , where Withnail utters the immortal words : " We want the finest wines available to humanity , we want them here , and we want them now . "
Wandering around the Cumbrian market town looking for the Penrith Tea Rooms is a fool 's errand .
As any real fan knows , the tea rooms are in fact Cox and Robinson 's pharmacy 230 miles south , in Stony Stratford , near Milton Keynes .
The " King Henry " pub - where Withnail and Marwood encounter colourful locals - is in fact across the market square in Stony Stratford .
It is the Crown , where chef Stuart Leath is used to denizens coming in and reciting lines .
" The Open University has an appreciation club and they all get dressed up and come down , " he says .
For the record , the finest wine in the place is a bottle of Chateauneuf - du - Pape .
Are you a Withnail & I pilgrim ?
Send us details of your pilgrimages using the form below .
You 've missed out the most important location though .
Where is " An evening at the Crow " really spent ?
Straight Down Bill Hills , Nottingham
I 'm very proud to say that after being a fan of the film for so long I finally got to make the pilgrimage to Crow Crag in summer last year .
It is a long walk but well worth it .
The scenery is beautiful all by itself and all along the way on every fence post and gate for two miles people have written quotes from the film .
Then you get up to the cottage itself and it's exactly how it looks in the film .
We walked up there and had a lovely hour just sat enjoying the place , the views and a bit of lunch before we walked down again and we were n't the only Withnail fans up there either .
Greg Kelly , Preston I visited the cottage two or three years ago .
I have some wallpaper from the room where they enjoyed Uncle Monty 's late luncheon at three .
Yes , the gawdy pink stuff with the Greek - style gold trim .
I framed it and it now hangs in our living room .
My girlfriend is less than keen .
While I was at Sleddale Hall I also found a very tired copy of The Times dated around July 1987 lying around near where the range was in the front room .
I remember seeing the year on it and having a Withnail moment ...
Anyway , I 'm hoping the cottage will soon be restored to its former , ahem , glory .
I 'd buy it myself in an instant if I only had the dosh .
Elegium pro Britannia !
Gavin Wilks ,
Do n't know what you want to go to Manchester for anyway ...
What Withnail devotee can have failed to have made their way to West House , 35 Glebe Place , Chelsea .
This listed Queen Anne Revival Residence was used for both the exterior and interior of Uncle Monty 's house .
It is a private residence which I was privileged to visit several years ago .
The interior decor , furniture and even the head on a plinth in the hallway remained exactly as in the film .
You can see a photo of the outside on the English Heritage website .
John Raja , London I live on Tavistock Road - behind Tavistock Crescent where The Crescent Pub is ( the scene where " I " is called a ponce ) now called Crescent House after an ill - fated refurb - I walk past it daily on my way to work and noticed today that , like the barn in Shap , it 's for sale .
Withnail fans rejoice - let 's club together and buy this pub .
Stewart Kendall , London
On their first morning in Monty 's cottage , Marwood pauses to admire the view , The Rigg on Haweswater ( which you can't see from the property , but such is the power of editing ) .
When guiding groups in the area I always point this out , mostly in hope of weeding out a fellow aficionado .
Stephen Barker , Sheffield , UK We drove up the M6 and took the directions to Wet Sleddale .
We soon began to realise why it 's called ' Wet ' Sleddale .
I parked the car at the head of the reservoir and myself , my wife and two kids plodded through the horizontal rain and boggy mud towards the hallowed location .
As we got to the other side of the reservoir we could see Sleddale Hall off in the distance and I got goosebumps .
However the weather turned for the worse and coming down the valley quickly towards us came this massive snow and hail storm .
The children screamed , in fact so did I .
It was like Greenland .
We abandoned the pilgrimage and set back as quickly as we could to the car .
Hours later after I 'd thawed out I promised to return but the children begged that I 'd visit on my own next time .
Cameron Seddon , Morecambe , England Went up to Monty 's Cottage after a friend who lives near Penrith tracked it down .
Followed by the phone box , and the view over Haweswater .
Cottage was the highlight , though we since hear it's now been sealed off properly .
Had a cheeky look inside and signed the ' visitors book ' .
Front door was covered in quotes from the film , and someone had left production photos inside .
Conor Boyle , Clapham , London Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
She 's not Miss Popularity
Kirsten Gillibrand is a hard - charger who has risen far and fast -- but her aggressiveness has n't endeared her to fellow House members -- and gun control advocate Carolyn McCarthy is n't the only one .
" Nobody really likes her , " said one New York City - area member , speaking on condition of anonymity .
" She 's smart and capable but she 's rubbed people the wrong the way , " said another .
" I think she 's going to get a serious primary in 2010 , " opined a longtime state Democratic operative who supports Gillibrand .
( Several members , we are told are skipping today 's Albany announcement , citing other commitments .
The include McCarthy , Bronx Rep. Jose Serrano and Anthony Weiner , who is attending a long - scheduled event at the Statue of Liberty . )
And what will Mike Bloomberg , who has threatened to target members of Congress who do n't back his gun control efforts , say about vehemently pro-gun Gillibrand ?
Gillibrand did n't make any friends late last year when she tried to leap - frog up the seniority ladder , trying to take a vacant seat on the Ways and Means Committee that had been slated for Buffalo - area Rep. Brian Higgins .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was peeved at Gillibrand over the move , but the two have reportedly mended fences -- and the speaker delivered a smooch to Gillibrand during her swearing - in ceremony earlier this month .
Some in House leadership have also fretted about losing Gillibrand 's district -- which has an 80,000 - Republican advantage .
But two key New Yorkers on the Hill are very big fans : Hillary Clinton , whose political team helped run Gillibrand 's 2006 campaign against Republican John Sweeney , and Charles Schumer , who has consulted with Paterson often on his pick .
Lower down the totem pole , not so much .
In December , before Caroline Kennedy threw her hat in the ring , several of Gillibrand 's competitors circulated E- mails referring to her NRA endorsement -- and amicus brief in support of the Supreme Court 's repeal of the District of Columbia 's handgun ban .
McCarthy , whose husband was murdered and son maimed by a crazed gunman on a Long Island commuter train in 1993 , told the Times she was considering a Cindy Sheehan - type primary challenge to Gillibrand two years from now ( she did n't repeat that to us ) .
But McCarthy , who is widely respected , even loved , by her fellow members , has been an erratic , unenthusiastic fundraiser .
In fact , she got a serious scare last year when her no -name GOP opponent nearly out - raised her during one reporting period .
Moreover , Schumer 's not - so - secret advocacy of Gillibrand represents his first serious foray into New York queenmaking .
The senior senator , his party 's top money man , has been loath to entangle himself in Democratic primaries - but his support of Gillibrand changes everything -- and her fate now is now intertwined with his reputation .
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
California NORML Release – Dec 12 , 2008
The California Police Chief Association urged the DEA to close medical marijuana distribution centers , seize their profits and prosecute them in federal court , according to a letter to DEA administrator Karen Tandy .
The letter , dated Oct 2 , 2006 , appears in testimony to the House Judiciary Committee .
In the letter , CPCA President Steve Krull specifically called on the DEA to “ send a message to local and county governments that medical marijuana is not allowed , ” in disregard of Prop 215 , state law SB 420 , and local ordinances that authorize licensed dispensaries and patient collectives .
“ This smoking gun proves that the CPCA has sought to undermine state law rather than enforce it , ” says California NORML coordinator Dale Gieringer , a co-sponsor of Prop.
215 , “ The police chiefs have blatantly betrayed their public duty under the state constitution and the recent Kha decision . ”
In the Kha decision , a state appellate court ruled that “ it is not the job of the local police to enforce the federal drug laws . ”
The decision stands as binding law , having been refused appeal by both the California and US Supreme Court .
The DEA has reported 130 enforcement actions and 365 arrests from 2004 to July , 2008 .
Targets have included dispensaries that were specifically authorized by local ordinances in Morro Bay , Kern County , Alameda County , Santa Barbara , and elsewhere .
Local sheriffs and police have conspired with the DEA to circumvent local officials and raid licensed facilities .
“ The CPCA has been acting like a law unto itself , ” says Gieringer , “ Instead of enforcing local law , they are seeking to undermine it . ”
In the letter to DEA , CPCA President Steve Krell wrote :
“ What the California Police Chiefs Association is requesting is that DEA become more actively involved in working with local law enforcement to close these distribution centers , seize their profits and all marijuana which might be located and to take these cases into the federal judicial system .
“ We understand this is an issue of priorities with DEA , but it is the feeling of the Califorilia PoIice Chiefs Association , and our members , that a concentrated effort sustained over a period of time would send a strong message to local and county government that ‘ medical marijuana ’ is not allowed and that those who profit from the sales and distribution of marijuana under the guise of ‘ medicine ’ will face the consequences . ”
( The front page of the letter , on which this text occurs , is dated Oct 2 , 2006 ; the following signature page is dated September 20 , 2006 .
It ’s possible that these are from two different letters that were accidentally mixed together .
The letter is printed twice ( as if two different letters were meant to appear ? ) in the appendix to the DEA ’s testimony .
Read the main part of the DEA ’s testimony .
Read the Reason blog on this topic .
INTRODUCTION TO THE CONGO QUESTION : The British Connection by Frederick YAMUSANGIE Ladies and Gentlemen ,
It is a pleasure for me to be in front of you and I must admit I feel privileged being here to talk about one of the saddest part of Congolese history and its connection to Britain in bringing about a solution .
I would be as brief as possible and other information would come during the debates afterward .
When I was approached to give this talk , I saw it as an opportunity , which one should not miss .
I think there is no need for me to start at the beginning of colonisation of Congo .
We all know about it .
What I thought I should focus today is the link between the struggle of the Congolese and the support of Britain .
I mean British people .
This is mainly because we are in London .
We are here because of the problem that is related to the quest of Congolese Human Right ; the problem , which is keeping many of us looking for a long lasting solution .
Although its form varied from one generation to another , Congolese people I have come across are continuously saying “ We are not free …
We are not independent …
The term genocide should also be applied into our case …. ”
So that led me to a personal dedication in finding the Denominateur Commun to the problems of Congolese since 1885 , which I call The Congo Question .
In his book French Lesson In Africa , Peter Biddlecombe , a British writer , said , “ Zaire is Britain 's biggest trading partner in French – speaking Africa , but we do n't seem to enjoy the amicable relation Zaire has with so many other countries .
Which is doubly odd because if it had n't been for Zaire , or at least Zaire gold , Britain might not have won the last war .
For Belgians lent Zaire gold to the British to enable them , in the dark days when they stood alone , to buy armaments from the States .
In this state of affaire , I would like to explain why I always place Britain at the centre of The Congo Question .
At the end of nineteen century , a young man of European descent was given a job in Congo .
What he saw there affected his all being .
He wanted to expose what he discovered in Congo of King Leopold II .
When he turned his energy into writing , that young man became the person we all know today as the British Novelist Joseph Conrad .
He decided to bring what he saw in Congo to a wider audience .
The cruelties inflicted to Congolese in the name of production and his own experience in Congo became the basis of his masterpiece the novella Heart of Darkness .
As said Albert Camus , a French novelist , “ In such a world of conflict , a world of victims and executioners , it is the job of thinking people , not to be on the side of the executioners . ”
Joseph Conrad , as a thinking person , knew where he should stand .
A t the turn of the century almost one hundred years ago after the rise of Western imperialism in Africa and in the time of the exploitation of the Kingdom of Kongo , nearby kingdoms as well as neighbouring lands , were branded Congo Free State ; it became almost as natural seeing a Congolese being brutalized , humiliated or even killed than expecting a hot day in Congo itself , in the name of productivity or industrial capitalism .
Maybe the term Free in Congo Free State was a Carta Blanca to those involved in the project as administrators in whatever they did in the name of bringing ‘ Light ' into ‘ Darkness ' , in which we saw the natives being stripped of their human dignity .
The horror of that inhumane treatment of the Congolese in the hands of the Belgians at the time , according to Michela Wrong , in her book In the Footstep of Mr. Kurtz , left approximately ten million Congolese dead ; which is also confirmed by the Congolese journalist , Norbert X Mbu – Mputu in his book Cent ans d' Evangelisation du Mai- Ndombe ( Diocese d'Inongo )
Par les Pères de Scheut , by the Belgian priest Father Daniel Van Groewheghe in his book Du Sang Sur Les Lianes , and also in other books such as the King Leopold 's Ghost by Adam Honchschild .
This may confirm that the exploitation of Congo by King Leopold II was among the biggest and most horrific genocides in the last hundred years .
By writing his novella Heart of Darkness , Joseph Conrad started a consciousness related to The Congo Question .
Here in Britain , it became acceptable and fashionable to defend the human right of Congolese .
It is beyond the scope of this speech to go on details about all the people who became associated to the cause of Congolese .
The publication of that novella brought about the need to defend the human right of Congolese .
And the struggle took a different momentum when people such as E. D. Morel , Sir Roger Casement and William Sheppard joined it .
Morel was the one who stood out the most .
E.D. Morel was a British national and a critic of the Belgian government policies in Congo Free State .
His discoveries of Leopold II 's exploitation came from his insider experience working as a clerk for Elder Demptser , a Liverpool - based shipping line , in Britain .
When he found the discrepancies between the report ( with regard to amounts of import / export goods ) compiled by Congo Free State and his own findings , his conscience was challenged .
He then quit his job and devoted his time and energy to express his growing concerns about the treatment of natives in Congo and other part of Africa .
He wrote many books and pamphlets that openly accused Leopold 's Congo Free State of violating human rights and of slaughter .
He also published the picture of Congolese with mutilated hands to give the liberation of Congolese a different twist .
The reaction to those pictures in Britain was overwhelming .
It resulted in the formation of a movement known as The Congo Reform Association , which was co-founded by Sir Roger Casement and E.D. Morel himself .
Most popular individuals of the time joined the struggled as Mr Morel was clever enough to publish those pictures in his newspapers .
I think it is an example for today 's Congolese editors and journalist to follow .
And then Britain became the centre of the Congolese liberation movement .
Many great minds of the time joined the struggle .
The people such as Mark Twain and Sir Arthur Canon Doyle became a part of it .
My friends , I must assure you that there is power in writing ; and many people here in Britain are ready to help the Congolese in the quest for solving The Congo Question .
There are here in Britain those people who are ready to sacrifice their life for the Congolese cause .
One of the questions the Congolese should ask themselves is “ Are we using the right format in trying to connected with our British allies ? ”
So for something that started as a small book called Heart of Darkness and later on created such support from the British in the cause of the Congolese , there should be a need in coping it .
And I can assure you that although dormant ; the Congolese still have their vital support within the British people .
For some reason Joseph Conrad 's Heart of Darkness is unknown by le commun de mortel in Congo today .
And I urge all Congolese people today to read Heart of Darkness .
Heart of Darkness is the tale of Charles Marlow , an English seaman , who went to the Congo .
Marlow , the fictional character and the narrator , told his adventure to his friends on board a cruising yawl called the Nellie on the river Thames overlooking Gravesend while it was immobile .
Early in his tale , he points out to his friends “ The conquest of the earth , which mostly means the taking it away from those who have a different complexion or slightly flatter noses than ourselves , is not a pretty thing when you look into it too much . ”
He then sums up the ethos of the imperial enterprise in “ They were no colonists ; their administration was merely a squeeze , and nothing more , I suspect .
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of the others .
They grabbed what they could get for the sake of what was to be got .
It was just robbery with violence , aggravated murder on a great scale , and men going at it blind – as is very proper for those who tackle a darkness … ”
Are those problems , expressed by Joseph Conrad in Heart of Darkness , still alive today ?
That is the question .
According to my dear friend Professor Yuko Kurahashi , those problems still exist .
Quoting from her speech in the Conrad Society ( UK ) thirtieth international conference under the leadership of Dr Keith Carabine , Professor Kurahashi said , “ Coltan is used to manufacture cellular phones and laptop computers – so today it is a very important commodity .
Are the Congolese being fairly treated by those who want coltan ?
Under the colonization of Leopold II and the Belgian government , natural resources such as Ivory and Rubber were extracted .
Today it is coltan . …
It is very important to realize that we have been exploiting others and their resources , and that with today 's technology the process may be more subtle but no less dangerous . ”
Although some of us are now aware of the link between the extraction of coltan and the misery of the Congolese in the East of their country , we are allowing ourselves to be ‘ blinded ' by the comfort that brings the gadgets such mobile phones and laptops .
Are we not ???
Talking about the slaughter of the Congolese in the hands of the Belgian of the time , I would like to get a quotation from a letter that Joseph Conrad sent to Sir Roger Casement , “ And the fact remains that in 1903 , seventy five years or so after the abolition of the slave trade ( because it was cruel ) there exists in Africa a Congo State , created by the act of European powers where ruthless , systematic cruelty towards the blacks in the basis of administration , and bad faith towards all the other states the basis of commercial policy . ”
There is a passage in the book French Lesson in Africa , although it should not be attributed to the author but it is worthwhile pointing it out .
It says “ …
And probably because the last thing we want is for Africans to do things for themselves .
Just think what chaos a self - sufficient Africa would cause to the world 's agriculture and industry . ”
Can these last phrases sum up the new attitudes of the Congolese long - time allies , I hope not .
Or it is because the Congolese themselves are not using the right format in propagating their problems .
That is an open question … .
To conclude , I would like to say that we are living in period of greater opportunities .
Anything is possible .
We should be ready to open our hearts and minds to greater and greater possibilities and also to be prepared to any eventuality .
We are living in the information age .
Information is becoming available at the click of a mouse .
I believe the conscientiousness that led to the formation of The Congo Reform Association in Britain , is still alive .
Thank you .
This speech have been made during the Conference held by Wake Up Congo in London .
Frederick Kambemba Yamusangie is a novelist , playwright and poet who was born and partly brought up in Zaire ( now known as the Democratic Republic of Congo ) in Africa .
He studied communication engineering at the University of Kent at Canterbury in England and now lives in Essex , United Kingdom .
He is the author of Full Circle ( iUniverse Inc. , 2003 , Lincoln , Nebraska , USA ) and Beneath the Blue Sky : A Short Book of Poetry ( Baltimore , PublishAmerica , 2005 , 79 p ) Info about Yamusangie : http://www.congovision.com/livres_mputu.html
Congo Vision
26/4/2006
MADISON --
When it comes to the world of the very , very small -- nanotechnology -- Americans have a big problem : Nano and its capacity to alter the fundamentals of nature , it seems , are failing the moral litmus test of religion .
In a report published today ( Dec. 7 ) in the journal Nature Nanotechnology , survey results from the United States and Europe reveal a sharp contrast in the perception that nanotechnology is morally acceptable .
Those views , according to the report , correlate directly with aggregate levels of religious views in each country surveyed .
In the United States and a few European countries where religion plays a larger role in everyday life , notably Italy , Austria and Ireland , nanotechnology and its potential to alter living organisms or even inspire synthetic life is perceived as less morally acceptable .
In more secular European societies , such as those in France and Germany , individuals are much less likely to view nanotechnology through the prism of religion and find it ethically suspect .
" The level of ' religiosity ' in a particular country is one of the strongest predictors of whether or not people see nanotechnology as morally acceptable , " says Dietram Scheufele , a University of Wisconsin - Madison professor of life sciences communication and the lead author of the new study .
" Religion was the strongest influence over everything . "
The study compared answers to identical questions posed by the 2006 Eurobarometer public opinion survey and a 2007 poll by the University of Wisconsin Survey Center conducted under the auspices of the National Science Foundation - funded Center for Nanotechnology and Society at Arizona State University .
The survey was led by Scheufele and Elizabeth Corley , an associate professor in the School of Public Affairs at Arizona State University .
The survey findings , says Scheufele , are important not only because they reveal the paradox of citizens of one of the world 's elite technological societies taking a dim view of the implications of a particular technology , but also because they begin to expose broader negative public attitudes toward science when people filter their views through religion .
" What we captured is nanospecific , but it is also representative of a larger attitude toward science and technology , " Scheufele says .
" It raises a big question :
What 's really going on in our public discourse where science and religion often clash ? "
For the United States , the findings are particularly surprising , Scheufele notes , as the country is without question a highly technological society and many of the discoveries that underpin nanotechnology emanated from American universities and companies .
The technology is also becoming more pervasive , with more than 1,000 products ranging from more efficient solar panels and scratch - resistant automobile paint to souped - up golf clubs already on the market .
" It 's estimated that nanotechnology will be a $ 3.1 trillion global industry by 2015 , " Scheufele says .
" Nanotechnology is one of those areas that is starting to touch nearly every part of our lives . "
To be sure that religion was such a dominant influence on perceptions of nanotechnology , the group controlled for such things as science literacy , educational performance , and levels of research productivity and funding directed to science and technology by different countries .
" We really tried to control for country - specific factors , " Scheufele explains .
" But we found that religion is still one of the strongest predictors of whether or not nanotechnology is morally acceptable and whether or not it is perceived to be useful for society . "
The findings from the 2007 U.S. survey , adds Scheufele , also suggest that in the United States the public 's knowledge of nanotechnology has been static since a similar 2004 survey .
Scheufele points to a paucity of news media interest and the notion that people who already hold strong views on the technology are not necessarily seeking factual information about it .
" There is absolutely no change in what people know about nanotechnology between 2004 and 2007 .
This is partly due to the fact that mainstream media are only now beginning to pay closer attention to the issue .
There has been a lot of elite discussion in Washington , D.C. , but not a lot of public discussion .
And nanotechnology has not had that catalytic moment , that key event that draws public attention to the issue . "
###
-- Terry Devitt , 608-262-8282 , trdevitt@wisc.edu
Oscar Grant punched in the face before being shot Jeremy Gantz and David Edwards
Published : Sunday January 25 , 2009
Print This Email This Moments before he was killed , Oscar Grant was punched in the face -- but not by the BART officer who shot him .
A new cellphone video shows another BART officer punching Grant just before he was shot by BART Officer Johannes Mehserle , who was arrested on murder charges nearly two weeks ago .
The grainy video raises new questions about what role BART officers played in escalating the scene , which began when Grant was pulled off a San Fransisco Bay Area Rapid Transit Authority train on New Year 's Day .
Six days letter , protests turned to riots in Oakland , Ca .
The officer who punched Grant in the face is the same officer who investigators say had his knee on Grant 's neck when the 22 - year - old man was shot .
Aside from Mehserle , no BART officers have been charged with wrongdoings .
" There 's no question in my mind that that 's vivid powerful evidence that he committed a vicious physical assualt , unprovoked on a citizen , for absolutely no reason , " said UC Hastings and Golden Gate law professor Peter Keane , who believes the officer should be fired and charged with assault .
" That punch was totally unjustified ...
That officer is committing a crime . "
BART General Manager Dorothy Dugger has pledged to investigate the officer 's actions in the new video .
 I take this new allegation of police use of unreasonable force extremely seriously ,  Dugger said in a prepared statement released Saturday night , KTVU.com reported .
 I have directed ( BART ) Police Chief Gary Gee to conduct a rigorous internal affairs investigation into this officers actions . 
U.C. Berkeley law school professor Franklin Zimring said the district attorney must charge another BART officer with a crime .
" If the district attorney is saying he 's not going to charge any officer except Mehserle in my opinion , he 's not doing his job , " Zimring says in the video below .
" Police officers are not ... immunized from the normal laws that govern when assault is criminal conduct . "
Alameda County District Attorney Tom Orloff would not comment on the possibility of charging a second BART police officer , KTVU.com reported .
Although unmentioned in the KTVU report , the video could potentially incriminate another BART officer .
Since the female officer is shown in the video observing her colleague punching Grant , she would have been required to report what she saw to authorities .
This video is from KTVU , broadcast Jan. 25 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Harry Reid Had Talks With Rod Blagojevich
Much has been made ( at least here ) , about president - elect Barack Obama ’s / Rahm Emanuel ’s involvement in the Blagojevich scandal but there is another prominent Democrat who made several phone calls to Blagojevich and spoke directly with him about filling Obama ’s senate seat .
Harry Reid .
Now Harry Reid is defending his interference in a state issue .
He is not denying that he spoke with Blagojevich but claims that Blagojevich is misrepresenting the conversations .
Harry Reid claims that Blagojevich is trying to deflect the attention away from himself by trying to implicate Harry Reid .
Gov.
Blagojevich appears to be trying to distract attention from his daunting legal problems and damaged credibility by distorting information about private phone calls between himself and other public officials .
It is regrettable and reprehensible
An admission by Harry Reid that he did talk to Blagojevich .
Harry Reid is trying to separate himself from his conversations with Blagojevich but the fact is that he was in negotiations talks with Blagojevich about the senate seat .
Gov.
Blagojevich ’s efforts to try to tarnish others while the cloud of suspicion continues to grow over him are shameful , as are his efforts to further betray the public trust and sow seeds of division .
As each day passes it becomes increasingly clear that Gov. Blagojevich is not fit to lead , and he should resign
Senator Reid , you were involved in the selection process to replace Obama ’s senate seat with a man , who by all accounts , it was fairly obvious was illegally trying to sell that seat .
Yet we are to believe that you did n’t understand what was going on .
Senator Reid had to have understood what Blagojevich was up to even if he was n’t involved in any wrong - doing and now that Blagojevich has been caught he is trying to distance himself .
Perhaps it is Harry Reid who should resign .
Senator Reid had no business meddling in a state affair in the first place and now that the corruption of Blagojevich has been made public he is running from where he should n’t have been .
Here is more from Harry Reid :
I am not going to get into a public debate with a guy accused of selling a Senate seat
But he was in private talks with the “ guy accused of selling a Senate seat ” , was n’t he ?
And we will never know what exactly the conversations included , will we ?
And that is probably the way Harry Reid prefers it , we will never know what precisely what was said or inferred or negotiated , but the one thing that we do know is that Harry Reid talked to the “ guy accused of selling a Senate seat ” in private about that seat .
We are just supposed to take Harry Reid ’s word for it that he had no idea what was going on .
A strange video for a Permaculture site , I know , but I ca n’t help but marvel at the ingenuity .
Imagine if we could harness these smarts for a better cause ?
Time and again , on local school boards and in national courts , evolution wins out over creationism .
Despite the strength of these victories , however , evolution continues to encounter competition in the classroom .
According to the first rigorous nationwide survey of how evolution is taught in U.S public schools , as many as one in eight high school biology teachers presents creationism or intelligent design as a viable scientific alternative to evolution .
The researchers , led by Penn State political scientist Eric Plutzer , questioned nearly 1,000 teachers about their personal beliefs and the amount of class time they devoted to evolution and creationism .
The results ?
About one in six of the surveyed teachers espoused young - earth creationist views , and most of them taught their students those views .
Only 23 percent strongly agreed that evolution was a central theme in their teaching .
The survey suggests that teachers might be more willing to build their coursework around evolutionary principles if they felt better prepared .
“ Teachers who lack confidence in their own knowledge of evolution feel uncomfortable getting into confrontations about it with either students or members of the community , ” says Michael Berkman , coauthor of the study .
Providing teachers access to courses in evolution could help bridge that gap , but there is no current strategy to apply such a plan to the nation ’s schoolrooms .
Berkman adds , “ Science organizations and people who are concerned about instruction in biology should be paying attention to what ’s actually going on in the classrooms . ”
In an insightful interview , Fannie Mae ’s first Chief Credit Officer , Edward Pinto , corroborates our Research Fellow Stan Liebowitz ‘s Independent Policy Report , Anatomy of a Train Wreck : Causes of the Mortgage Meltdown .
Interviewed by Chip Hanlon , President of Delta Global Advisors , Pinto discusses how the affordable housing / lending lobby chipped away at lending standards until there were none , creating a gigantic and nonviable financial bubble that has triggered a global recession .
Here is an excerpt :
Chip : So Congress created this mess with its desire to essentially throw caution to the wind , in the name of doing something good , and now they rail against Wall Street and fail to name themselves as movers in this issue .
Edward : Exactly .
If you recall , in the late ’ 80s , the Congress was always complaining about there is n’t enough discretionary spending .
We do n’t have enough .
We ’re getting squeezed , we ’re getting squeezed .
Well , HUD and affordable housing was in the discretionary spending bucket .
So in effect Congress decided , well , if we ca n’t get it through spending that ’s on - budget , what if we get to it with spending that ’s off - budget .
And Fannie and Freddie could put trillions into this .
In fact , in 1994 , Fannie Mae announced its first trillion - dollar affordable housing initiative , by Jim Johnson .
And then it was followed in 2001 , I believe it is , that Frank Raines had a follow - on , a cumulative $ 2 trillion program .
And Freddie Mac had a companion $ 2 trillion program that year .
These were multi-year programs .
But I ’ve now named $ 5 trillion of initiatives .
That swamped anything Congress could have done through HUD .
Chip : Right .
And only a government - ordained institution could go on and make such messy loans , throwing credit standards to the wind , in a way that no private institution that actually cared about getting its capital back would ever do .
Correct ?
Edward : Exactly .
Because again , Fannie and Freddie had a dual personality .
On one side it was a shareholder - owned company .
On the other it had this charter that gave it basically a governmental aura .
And they needed the support of Congress to keep that dual personality in place .
However they needed to raise their earnings in order to keep their shareholders happy , they needed to spend some of the earnings on the affordable housing to keep Congress happy , eventually it became a very insidious problem , because every time they ’d meet these goals that HUD had set , and this was over about a 15 - or 16 - year period of this goal setting .
Every time they ’d meet them , HUD would say , “ Thank you very much . ”
They probably did n’t even say thank you .
They ’d say , “ OK , we ’re going to raise them . ”
So eventually the goals got to somewhere in the mid-50 percent range .
And when I say goals , they ’re actually very complicated .
There ’s multiple goals , and their sub - goals , as only the government can do .
And so Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac would end up with dozens of little boxes they had to fill , and quotas .
And it was very much managed by HUD .
HUD was the manager of this .
. . . .
Chip : On September 25 , Mr. [ James ]
Lockhart said he was going to try and force more bad loans through the system .
Can you talk a little bit about what you ’re seeing and where we ’re heading ?
Edward : James Lockhart is the conservator of Fannie and Freddie .
He ’s the regulator , he ’s the one who put them into conservatorship and named himself conservator .
I took that as a positive sign .
In fact , he early on announced that there was a plan to reduce over time the size of Fannie and Freddie ’s portfolio .
Which is one place you have to start .
There ’s a lot that has to be done here relative to Fannie Mae , but that ’s certainly a minimum place to start .
Well , I was astounded when I read his testimony of September 25 , 2008 .
That ’s two weeks ago !
And it was before a committee chaired by Representative Barney Frank .
The listeners may be aware of Barney Frank ’s involvement in Fannie Mae for many , many years .
And here you know have the regulator / conservator in front of Barney Frank .
And he told the committee and the chairman that A ) he was fully cognizant of his dual authority of both safety and soundness regulator of Fannie and Freddie , and as mission regulator for their affordable housing mission , and he was not going to forget that .
Chip : Ugh .
Edward : Number one .
And that was a change that had just been passed last year by Congress out of Barney Frank ’s committee .
Number two , he basically said that Fannie and Freddie , the old regime , the one that he put out , had tightened up on underwriting in order to protect themselves and protect homeowners .
However , they had gone too far in tightening up , and that he had instructed the new CEOs that he had named to review all of those tightenings and make sure that Fannie and Freddie ’s affordable housing mission was not compromised .
And of course make sure that of course their safety and soundness is n’t compromised .
But we know ...
Chip :
They do n’t mean that .
Edward :
In 17 years , nobody has cared about their safety and soundness relative to affordable housing .
Thirdly , and this is one of the really astounding pieces here , thirdly he goes on to say that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , he had to take them over not because they had created mayhem across the fruited plain with defaults and foreclosures and junk loans to the tune of $ 18.5 trillion .
No , that was n’t the reason .
The reason he had to take them over was because their ability to proceed with their affordable housing mission had been imperiled .
How had they been imperiled ?
Well , lenders were no longer originating — in bureaucratese — ” goal - rich loans . ”
Goal - rich loans are ones that meet affordable housing quotas .
And he turned the New York — the blame game , they ’ve been blaming New York .
All of the sudden the problem of Wall Street is that ...
Chip :
They ’re not doing them .
Edward :
That they ’re not doing sub - prime loans .
The sub - prime loans were goal - rich for Fannie and Freddie .
So Fannie and Freddie have been hamstrung because Wall Street is n’t able to sell them sub - prime loans .
And thirdly , FHA ’s volume has exploded because Congress has greatly expanded FHA ’s abilities , and that is now competing with Fannie and Freddie .
And therefore Fannie and Freddie have to redouble their efforts in order to compete with FHA .
So you now have one government - owned entity , Fannie and Freddie , competing with another government - owned entity because they both need to do goal - rich loans .
The last point he made was he assured the committee that he had already started meeting with national housing advocacy groups to develop a plan to make sure that Fannie and Freddie would be able to implement and meet their affordable housing goals .
These are the same groups that have been pressuring congress , and congress has been willingly agreeing for the last 20 years .
2009 has got off to a great start for a team of iPhone enthusiasts with little regard for Apple 's licensing requirements .
They 've finally figured out a way to get the phone to work with any cell phone carrier ( and not just AT&T ) .
The iPhone Dev Team are best known for their work on ' jailbreaking ' : the technique of altering an iPhone so that you can run any applications on it , not just those approved by Apple .
Given the company 's questionable vetting policy for entry to the official App store , it 's not surprising many users approve of jailbreaking .
There 's an ongoing battle with each new edition of the iPhone software disabling this trick , but the iPhone Dev crew has a history of finding a new solution within a couple of days .
One of the team has even figured out a way to get the iPhone running on the Linux Operating System , though at the moment there are no drivers , which limits the device 's interaction with the operating system .
Of course , the big prize for these developers ( or ' hackers , ' as Apple would call them ) is unlocking the phone .
Unlocking is possible through an application titled ' yellowsn0w , ' which is available from the iPhone Dev Team 's site .
Bear in mind that this program is entirely unofficial and unsanctioned , and there 's no guarantee it will work now or in the future , or leave your phone unharmed for that matter .
Unlocking the phone gives users the ability to switch to a different network ( perhaps one which offers a more reliable coverage ) or even use pre-paid SIM cards when traveling overseas .
Currently , AT&T has exclusive rights to provide service to the iPhone in the United States .
( Source : dvice.com )
While Apple is able to live with jailbreaking because it has little effect on its own App Store sales , the firm is likely to be much less tolerant of unlocking .
That 's because it undermines the servicing deal with AT&T -- and without that , the company would likely have to charge much more for the original sale of the devices .
( Source : boygeniusreport.com )
Earth on the Brink of an Ice Age
The earth is now on the brink of entering another Ice Age , according to a large and compelling body of evidence from within the field of climate science .
Many sources of data which provide our knowledge base of long - term climate change indicate that the warm , twelve thousand year - long Holocene period will rather soon be coming to an end , and then the earth will return to Ice Age conditions for the next 100,000 years .
Earth on the Brink of an Ice Age
Ice cores , ocean sediment cores , the geologic record , and studies of ancient plant and animal populations all demonstrate a regular cyclic pattern of Ice Age glacial maximums which each last about 100,000 years , separated by intervening warm interglacials , each lasting about 12,000 years .
Most of the long - term climate data collected from various sources also shows a strong correlation with the three astronomical cycles which are together known as the Milankovich cycles .
The three Milankovich cycles include the tilt of the earth , which varies over a 41,000 year period ; the shape of the earth ’s orbit , which changes over a period of 100,000 years ; and the Precession of the Equinoxes , also known as the earth ’s ‘ wobble ’ , which gradually rotates the direction of the earth ’s axis over a period of 26,000 years .
According to the Milankovich theory of Ice Age causation , these three astronomical cycles , each of which effects the amount of solar radiation which reaches the earth , act together to produce the cycle of cold Ice Age maximums and warm interglacials .
Elements of the astronomical theory of Ice Age causation were first presented by the French mathematician Joseph Adhemar in 1842 , it was developed further by the English prodigy Joseph Croll in 1875 , and the theory was established in its present form by the Serbian mathematician Milutin Milankovich in the 1920s and 30s .
In 1976 the prestigious journal “ Science ” published a landmark paper by John Imbrie , James Hays , and Nicholas Shackleton entitled “ Variations in the Earth 's orbit : Pacemaker of the Ice Ages , ” which described the correlation which the trio of scientist / authors had found between the climate data obtained from ocean sediment cores and the patterns of the astronomical Milankovich cycles .
Since the late 1970s , the Milankovich theory has remained the predominant theory to account for Ice Age causation among climate scientists , and hence the Milankovich theory is always described in textbooks of climatology and in encyclopaedia articles about the Ice Ages .
In their 1976 paper Imbrie , Hays , and Shackleton wrote that their own climate forecasts , which were based on sea-sediment cores and the Milankovich cycles , " … must be qualified in two ways .
First , they apply only to the natural component of future climatic trends - and not to anthropogenic effects such as those due to the burning of fossil fuels .
Second , they describe only the long - term trends , because they are linked to orbital variations with periods of 20,000 years and longer .
Climatic oscillations at higher frequencies are not predicted ... the results indicate that the long - term trend over the next 20,000 years is towards extensive Northern Hemisphere glaciation and cooler climate . "
During the 1970s the famous American astronomer Carl Sagan and other scientists began promoting the theory that ‘ greenhouse gasses ’ such as carbon dioxide , or CO2 , produced by human industries could lead to catastrophic global warming .
Since the 1970s the theory of ‘ anthropogenic global warming ’ ( AGW ) has gradually become accepted as fact by most of the academic establishment , and their acceptance of AGW has inspired a global movement to encourage governments to make pivotal changes to prevent the worsening of AGW .
The central piece of evidence that is cited in support of the AGW theory is the famous ‘ hockey stick ’ graph which was presented by Al Gore in his 2006 film “ An Inconvenient Truth . ”
The ‘ hockey stick ’ graph shows an acute upward spike in global temperatures which began during the 1970s and continued through the winter of 2006 / 07 .
However , this warming trend was interrupted when the winter of 2007 / 8 delivered the deepest snow cover to the Northern Hemisphere since 1966 and the coldest temperatures since 2001 .
It now appears that the current Northern Hemisphere winter of 2008/09 will probably equal or surpass the winter of 2007 / 08 for both snow depth and cold temperatures .
The main flaw in the AGW theory is that its proponents focus on evidence from only the past one thousand years at most , while ignoring the evidence from the past million years -- evidence which is essential for a true understanding of climatology .
The data from paleoclimatology provides us with an alternative and more credible explanation for the recent global temperature spike , based on the natural cycle of Ice Age maximums and interglacials .
In 1999 the British journal “ Nature ” published the results of data derived from glacial ice cores collected at the Russia ’s Vostok station in Antarctica during the 1990s .
The Vostok ice core data includes a record of global atmospheric temperatures , atmospheric CO2 and other greenhouse gases , and airborne particulates starting from 420,000 years ago and continuing through history up to our present time .
The graph of the Vostok ice core data shows that the Ice Age maximums and the warm interglacials occur within a regular cyclic pattern , the graph - line of which is similar to the rhythm of a heartbeat on an electrocardiogram tracing .
The Vostok data graph also shows that changes in global CO2 levels lag behind global temperature changes by about eight hundred years .
What that indicates is that global temperatures precede or cause global CO2 changes , and not the reverse .
In other words , increasing atmospheric CO2 is not causing global temperature to rise ; instead the natural cyclic increase in global temperature is causing global CO2 to rise .
The reason that global CO2 levels rise and fall in response to the global temperature is because cold water is capable of retaining more CO2 than warm water .
That is why carbonated beverages loose their carbonation , or CO2 , when stored in a warm environment .
We store our carbonated soft drinks , wine , and beer in a cool place to prevent them from loosing their ‘ fizz ’ , which is a feature of their carbonation , or CO2 content .
The earth is currently warming as a result of the natural Ice Age cycle , and as the oceans get warmer , they release increasing amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere .
Because the release of CO2 by the warming oceans lags behind the changes in the earth ’s temperature , we should expect to see global CO2 levels continue to rise for another eight hundred years after the end of the earth ’s current Interglacial warm period .
We should already be eight hundred years into the coming Ice Age before global CO2 levels begin to drop in response to the increased chilling of the world ’s oceans .
The Vostok ice core data graph reveals that global CO2 levels regularly rose and fell in a direct response to the natural cycle of Ice Age minimums and maximums during the past four hundred and twenty thousand years .
Within that natural cycle , about every 110,000 years global temperatures , followed by global CO2 levels , have peaked at approximately the same levels which they are at today .
Today we are again at the peak , and near to the end , of a warm interglacial , and the earth is now due to enter the next Ice Age .
If we are lucky , we may have a few years to prepare for it .
The Ice Age will return , as it always has , in its regular and natural cycle , with or without any influence from the effects of AGW .
The AGW theory is based on data that is drawn from a ridiculously narrow span of time and it demonstrates a wanton disregard for the ‘ big picture ’ of long - term climate change .
The data from paleoclimatology , including ice cores , sea sediments , geology , paleobotany and zoology , indicate that we are on the verge of entering another Ice Age , and the data also shows that severe and lasting climate change can occur within only a few years .
While concern over the dubious threat of Anthropogenic Global Warming continues to distract the attention of people throughout the world , the very real threat of the approaching and inevitable Ice Age , which will render large parts of the Northern Hemisphere uninhabitable , is being foolishly ignored .
Gregory F. Fegel
Detienen al periodista Miguel Badillo
( Comunicado de Contralínea )
Hoy viernes 16 de enero de 2009 , a las 09:50 horas , fue detenido el periodista Miguel Badillo .
La detención fue ejecutada por dos patrullas de la policía bancaria ( una de ellas con número de placa A14- 08 ) .
Los agentes bajaron al reportero de su automóvil en las inmediaciones de su domicilio , ubicado al sur de la ciudad .
Antecedentes La mañana de hoy el periodista Miguel Badillo fue detenido irregularmente por elementos de la Policía Bancaria e Industrial ( PBI ) , primero bajo el pretexto de realizar una inspección vehicular .
Luego se le hizo saber que por desacato a una orden judicial , misma que Badillo comenta , ningún juez le avisó que tendría .
Escribir acerca de los negocios de Zeta Gas con la paraestatal Petróleos Mexicanos ( Pemex ) ocasionó serias molestias en la familia Zaragoza , propietaria del consorcio , al grado que " Jesús Alonso Zaragoza López , accionista mayoritario de Zeta Gas , presentó las primeras demandas el 16 de agosto de 2007 , ante el Tribunal Superior de Justicia del Distrito Federal ( TSJDF ) , por supuesto “ daño moral ” , expediente 757/07 [ 1 ] "
Según los informes publicados , Zeta Gas estaría siendo favorecido desde el sexenio de Vicente Fox como empresa acaparando en monopolio el abasto de gas doméstico y sería además , uno de los impulsores de la campaña de Felipe Calderón .
La revista ya había sido amenazada en ocasiones anteriores , junto con la reportera Ana Lilia Pérez luego que éstos denunciaron actos de corrupción entre funcionarios federales y la empresa .
El director de las revistas Contralínea , periodismo de investigación y Fortuna .
Negocios y finanzas fue informado por los policías que la orden de aprehensión se deriva del supuesto expediente 749 , radicado en el juzgado 38 de lo civil , promovido por la empresa Multigas , propiedad del Grupo Zeta Gas .
No obstante , el abogado defensor Horacio Gómez Mendieta informa que dicho expediente no obra en el juzgado .
Tampoco existe la orden de detención .
Supuestamente , la policía bancaria daba cumplimiento al exhorto que emitió el juez Décimo Tercero de lo Civil del Primer Partido Judicial de Guadalajara , Jalisco .
El periodista fue trasladado al Centro de Sanciones Administrativas y de Integración Social de la Subsecretaría del Sistema Penitenciario del Gobierno del Distrito Federal .
El expediente al que hicieron alusión los policías se vincularía con la serie de demandas y amenazas realizadas por el Grupo Zeta Gas en contra de Miguel Badillo , también autor de la columna Oficio de papel , de la reportera Ana Lilia Pérez ( quien ya tiene orden de detención ) y de la revista Contralínea .
Jesús Alonso Zaragoza López , accionista mayoritario de Zeta Gas , presentó las primeras demandas el 16 de agosto de 2007 , ante el Tribunal Superior de Justicia del Distrito Federal ( TSJDF ) , por supuesto " daño moral " , expediente 757/07 .
El 5 de agosto de 2007 , a las 15:30 horas , los abogados Graham Alberto Zubía Félix , Francisco Cuellar Ontiveros , Diego Romero Velasco y Juan Manuel Aguilar Maya –representantes de Zaragoza López y de Grupo Zeta– , encabezados por el actuario Juan Manuel Aguilar Maya y el perito auxiliar Sergio Guillermo González Pulido , irrumpieron en las instalaciones de la revista Contralínea .
Los abogados estuvieron acompañados por guardaespaldas armados y elementos de la Secretaría de Seguridad Pública del Distrito Federal .
Entonces , los representantes de Jesús Zaragoza amenazaron con desaparecer a la revista y exigieron que se revelaran las fuentes de información .
El 12 de septiembre pasado , los periodistas y el medio presentaron una queja ante la Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos , por el acoso judicial y las amenazas de muerte en su contra .
A las 12:50 horas , Contralínea presentó una queja ante la Comisión de Derechos Humanos del Distrito Federal por la retención ilegal del periodista Miguel Badillo .
Ésta es una agresión a la libertad de expresión y al derecho a la información , garantizados en la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos y la Declaración Universal de los Derechos Humanos .
Detienen al periodista Miguel Badillo
Hoy viernes 16 de enero de 2009 , a las 09:50 horas , fue detenido el periodista Miguel Badillo .
La detención fue ejecutada por dos patrullas de la policía bancaria ( una de ellas con número de placa A14- 08 ) .
Los agentes bajaron al reportero de su automóvil en las inmediaciones de su domicilio , ubicado al sur de la ciudad .
El director de las revistas Contralínea , periodismo de investigación y Fortuna .
Negocios y finanzas fue informado por los policías que la orden de aprehensión se deriva del supuesto expediente 749 , radicado en el juzgado 38 de lo civil , promovido por la empresa Multigas , propiedad del Grupo Zeta Gas .
No obstante , el abogado defensor Horacio Gómez Mendieta informa que dicho expediente no obra en el juzgado .
Tampoco existe la orden de detención .
Supuestamente , la policía bancaria daba cumplimiento al exhorto que emitió el juez Décimo Tercero de lo Civil del Primer Partido Judicial de Guadalajara , Jalisco .
El periodista fue trasladado al Centro de Sanciones Administrativas y de Integración Social de la Subsecretaría del Sistema Penitenciario del Gobierno del Distrito Federal .
El expediente al que hicieron alusión los policías se vincularía con la serie de demandas y amenazas realizadas por el Grupo Zeta Gas en contra de Miguel Badillo , también autor de la columna Oficio de papel , de la reportera Ana Lilia Pérez ( quien ya tiene orden de detención ) y de la revista Contralínea .
Jesús Alonso Zaragoza López , accionista mayoritario de Zeta Gas , presentó las primeras demandas el 16 de agosto de 2007 , ante el Tribunal Superior de Justicia del Distrito Federal ( TSJDF ) , por supuesto " daño moral " , expediente 757/07 .
El 5 de agosto de 2007 , a las 15:30 horas , los abogados Graham Alberto Zubía Félix , Francisco Cuellar Ontiveros , Diego Romero Velasco y Juan Manuel Aguilar Maya –representantes de Zaragoza López y de Grupo Zeta– , encabezados por el actuario Juan Manuel Aguilar Maya y el perito auxiliar Sergio Guillermo González Pulido , irrumpieron en las instalaciones de la revista Contralínea .
Los abogados estuvieron acompañados por guardaespaldas armados y elementos de la Secretaría de Seguridad Pública del Distrito Federal .
Entonces , los representantes de Jesús Zaragoza amenazaron con desaparecer a la revista y exigieron que se revelaran las fuentes de información .
El 12 de septiembre pasado , los periodistas y el medio presentaron una queja ante la Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos , por el acoso judicial y las amenazas de muerte en su contra .
A las 12:50 horas , Contralínea presentó una queja ante la Comisión de Derechos Humanos del Distrito Federal por la retención ilegal del periodista Miguel Badillo .
Ésta es una agresión a la libertad de expresión y al derecho a la información , garantizados en la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos y la Declaración Universal de los Derechos Humanos .
Más información :
www.contralinea.com.mx/detencionbadillo
Fotografías
Audios
José Juan Alonso Ramírez , Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos
Horacio Gómez Mendieta , abogado
After the near - tragedy of a US Airways crash - landing in the Hudson , some people were surprised to learn that , in evacuating , some of the passengers and crew held to the mandate of " women and children first . "
Advertisement
We got a bunch of emails in asking us to address this issue .
It 's probably not something that often comes up nowadays : after all , most plane crashes do n't allow time for evacuation , and it's a testament to the pilot 's incredible skill , the crew 's efficiency and the quick response of rescue workers that we even have the luxury of discussing this protocol , rather than mourning several hundred deaths .
But it did ring strangely quaint - and to some , problematic - to hear such old - fashioned words amidst the setting of a very modern disaster .
First , a few words on the whole " women and children first " thing .
It 's not a tradition as ancient as the navy ; in fact , it can be dated to the 1852 wreck of the British warship HMS Birkenhead .
The ship was filled mostly with soldiers and sailors , but also carried 20 women and children on its voyage to South Africa .
When the ship ran into a rock that hew the hull in two , the captain shouted , " Every man for himself . "
However , the soldier 's commanding officers , Lieutenant - Colonel Alexander Seton , drew his sword and ordered his men to stand fast - to rush the lifeboats might mean that the women and children aboard the boats would be swamped and would perish .
Only about 200 people - of 600 - survived the wreck .
So , this was a case in which you literally had exclusively soldiers - and then some incidental women and children , who , obviously , were going to take priority .
The implementation of the protocol was regarded as a tribute to Seton 's bravery , interestingly enough , rather than as a piece of gallantry .
Of course , in addition to ingrained notions of protection , there were practical concerns : women 's clothing was harder to swim and move in , and if there were children , it was considered preferable to keep them with their mothers .
Advertisement
To a degree , the latter is probably still part of the rationale : as with helping a neighboring child with an oxygen mask , kids need carers : most often , this will be the mother .
I doubt anyone would argue that in cases of disaster , children 's safety should be a priority .
I 'd assume too that the old - fashioned protocol serves as some means of organization : someone needs to go first , everyone 's panicking - why not women and children ?
Of course , it does n't really make sense - and does " women " include the flight attendants ?
Why , after all , should an able - bodied woman get help before an infirm older man , because of the residual perception of inherent weakness ?
I 'd guess it 's probably mostly just unexamined tradition - a lot of pilots are ex-military , and the military is , shall we say , fond of tradition .
Yes , it 's ludicrous : women and children first down the big slide ?
If people had n't been worried about , you know , dying , probably a few of them would have chuckled at the incongruity of hearing those words on an air bus .
But that 's the point , is n't it : people almost died !
And they did n't die !
And as interesting as semantics are , and as much inherent patriarchal nonsense there is in the fabric of society coming out all the time , I for one am not going to get exercised about something someone said - maybe off the top of his head - in an effort to successfully save several hundred lives .
I agree that if this is indeed the airline protocol it bears questioning , or at least cogent , non-anachronistic explanation beyond some hoary gallantry .
But yesterday what could have been a tragedy , was n't .
We know women and children were evacuated first because they - and the men who followed - lived to talk about it .
I would be curious to hear what the women on that flight have to say about it - maybe in , say , a week .
But , as Ecclesiastes and the Byrds would have it , for everything there is a season .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Investigators To Quiz Pilot Who Landed Plane In Hudson [ CNN ]
" WOMEN AND CHILDREN FIRST " - THE SILENT HEROES OF THE BIRKENHEAD [ Historic UK ]
Related : Dad On Flight : " It Was Like A Roller Coaster "
First I tried using two 22 - inch Dell widescreen monitors side by side , creating one very wide screen , roughly 38 inches measured diagonally .
Next , I rotated each display so that its long side ran vertically ; this configuration allowed me to read a full document on the screen without scrolling .
Copying one of the styles I saw at Google , I then placed one screen vertically and the other horizontally — imagine the letter T on its side , with the wide screen reserved for working with side - by - side windows , and the tall screen for focusing on a single , long document .
Image Credit ... Photo Illustration by Tony Cenicola / The New York Times
I also tried a couple configurations with my laptop : the laptop ’s screen plus one wide monitor , the laptop plus one tall one .
Finally , I set up the Cadillac Escalade of displays , an enormous 30 - inch widescreen monitor made by Gateway .
This was the monitor a rap star might use — a screen so large it suggests you ’re overcompensating .
Whatever the configuration , my experience confirmed the researchers ’ findings : having a lot of screen space significantly raised my productivity .
As every office worker knows , trying to get anything done on a computer that ’s connected to the Internet can be a test of wills .
On my old desktop monitor — at 19 inches square , it was the Honda Civic of displays — the Web was a wormhole that routinely pulled me off track .
I ’d switch over to a browser window to look something up , but as soon as I did so all traces of my work would disappear from the screen and I ’d forget about the task at hand .
A half hour later , I ’d wake up from a deep browsing trance , wondering how I ever got to , say , a page recounting the history of Adidas , or some other topic having nothing at all to do with my work .
A huge desktop did n’t remove all distractions , but it blunted their force .
Now I could keep my e-mail and the Web open on one screen while my Microsoft Word document ran on another .
This kept me on task .
Even if I did go off to the Web , my document was always visible , beckoning me to come back to work .
But it was n’t just that multiple monitors reduced distractions ; the setup also increased my efficiency when I did finally get around to working .
I typically use two main programs when writing articles —
Word and a text editor in which I ’ve compiled all my notes .
For instance , as I ’m writing this story in Word , I ’m switching back to my text editor to search for pertinent data .
When I find that information , I select it , copy it and switch back to Word to paste it .
This is a common office task , perhaps the main thing we do on computers .
We search for raw data in our e-mail and on the Web , then transfer that info into Word documents , Excel spreadsheets and PowerPoint presentations .
But on a small monitor , this frequent task presents a cognitive challenge , says Jane Payfer , the chief marketing officer at Ergotron , the company that makes the excellent ergonomic monitor stands that I used to set up my displays in different ways .
Every time you bring up a new window on your screen , your eyes and brain need to orient themselves to the new picture , a bit of mental processing that can slow you down .
In a multimonitor setup , the brain rests easy :
My notes now sit on one side of the dual screen while my Word document sits on the other .
When I focus on one program , I do n’t lose my place in the other .
Not only does scientific progress bring innovations and make our jobs easier , but , unfortunately , it also causes new diseases .
Scientists provide sad facts about vision impairment , more spinal disorders and increasing cases of carpal tunnel syndrome that was rare in past years .
This medical condition occurs when the median nerve is compressed at the wrist .
Who Suffers from Carpal Tunnel Syndrome ?
While earlier it was mostly an occupational disease of typists and drivers , now the list of professions whose “ owners ” are affected by the syndrome has become noticeably longer .
The risk group includes anyone who uses a computer on the job .
What Causes Carpal Tunnel Syndrome ?
Basically , carpal tunnel syndrome develops because of wrong position of your wrists when you work .
It is especially risky when you have to type all day long .
Major symptoms are numb fingers and palms , swellings and even pains in severe cases .
Hereditary inclination to possible changes in bones and joints contribute to the risk greatly .
Of course , our body is able to adapt to various working conditions , but why put your health and performance at risk ?
1 - 3 minutes long massage activates your body , 3 - 4 minutes long one brings relaxation .
Massage to Avoid Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Rub your palms and fingers together .
Rub the back of one hand with the palm of the other .
Interlace your fingers .
Straighten your arms in front of you with your palms out .
Self - massage starts with thumbs .
Embrace the thumb of one hand at its base with the forefinger and the thumb of the other hand .
Pressing the thumb , move slowly upwards , from the base to nail .
Repeat four times .
Then , massage the thumb of the other hand .
Do the exercise for each finger , changing hands .
When you finish , shake your wrists well several times and rub your palms together .
the thumb of the other hand .
Do the exercise for each finger , changing hands .
When you finish , shake your wrists well several times and rub your palms together .
Do the same motions as in the previous exercise but embrace your fingers at the sides and again move from the base to nail .
Do the same for the other hand , but embrace your fingers at the sides and again move from the base to nail .
Massage the knuckles of one hand with the thumb and the forefinger of other hand .
Do the same for the other hand .
with the thumb and the forefinger of other hand .
Do the same for the other hand .
Massage the centre of the palm of one hand , then – the other .
The intensity of all these exercises depends on how you feel .
You should feel comfortable while doing them .
When you finish this self - massage , shake your wrists several times and relax sitting in a chair if possible .
How to Sit Correctly in front of Computer
Proper ergonomics in the workplace is crucial for the prevention of this condition and similar diseases .
It is recommended that you keep your hands horizontal to the table ’s surface .
Never hold your hands higher than the elbows .
In this position , the blood flows out of hands , which harms the tissues of fingers and palms .
Also , painful sensations may be caused by poor blood circulation – as a result , the tissues get less oxygen and nutrients .
You can also read the article about the correct posture when in front of your computer .
How to Maintain Hand Health
Wrong position of hands is also bad for the skin as our hand skin is very thin and contains little subcutaneous fat and collagen .
These factors contribute to accelerated skin ageing , so apart from proper ergonomics , you have to apply nourishing creams with components that stimulate blood circulation .
What to Do if You Suffer from Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
If you failed to prevent negative effects and you feel unpleasant sensations in your hands , consult health specialists .
The treatment for moderate carpal tunnel syndrome does n’t involve taking medicines .
Massage and exercises will solve the problem effectively .
But serious cases require surgery aimed at freeing compressed nerve .
Beautiful hands are one of our female assets .
Keep them healthy and good - looking !
Gadgets and Goodies For All
As the holiday season rapidly approaches , there ’s one question that you ’ll hear very frequently :
Have you been naughty or nice ?
Of course , we all know that a lot hinges on this seemingly simple question .
If you ’ve been nice , then perhaps Santa will bring you an awesome gift , that one piece of hardware you 've been jonesing for , like Intel ’s new Core i7 965 Extreme processor or perhaps Dell ’s UltraSharp 30 - inch widescreen LCD .
On the other hand , if you ’ve been naughty and have cursed your computer ( hey , who has n’t ? ) or ignored your significant other because Call of Duty 4 of Bioshock beckoned , then you ’d better shape up before it 's too late .
Otherwise , the only thing you ’ll have to look forward to is a lump of coal in your stocking .
Believe us -- we've been there ...
Posted on November 7 , 2008 in Uncategorized
Outcasted Likud Senator Joe Lieberman will be caucusing with the Ghoulish Ol ’ Pedophile party :
Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) has reached out to Sen. Joseph I. Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) about the prospect of joining the Republican Conference , but Lieberman is still bargaining with Democratic leaders to keep his chairmanship , according to Senate aides in both parties .
“ They ’ve been talking , ” McConnell spokesman Don Stewart said .
A Lieberman aide cautioned that “ Sen. Lieberman ’s preference is to stay in the caucus , but he ’s going to keep all his options open .
McConnell has reached out to him , and at this stage , his position is he wants to remain in the caucus but losing the chairmanship is unacceptable . ”
This came a day after Harry Reid , Majority Leader of the Senate , gave Lieberman a strong talking to after he spent the past 6 months campaigning for John McCain and holding the Democratic party hostage .
A transition to the Republicans will be a natural fit for the Israeli spy who was banished from the Democrats after he refused to put American interests in front of Israeli national security .
See Also : Why Are the Dems Still Dancing with Lieberman ? , Dump Joe , Lieberman with a gavel : unacceptable . , Joe ’s Options ? , Lieberman May Have Fate Decided By Secret Vote , Just go Joe , Lieberman not happy with Reid ’s offer , flirting with Republicans , Just Say NO To A Jumpin ’ Joe , Joe Lieberman , McCain backer and ex-Democrat , tries to keep his Senate committee chair , and Reid looking to remove Sen. Lieberman as Homeland Security Committee head .
[ tags ] joe lieberman , joe liebermann , republican , caucus with the republicans , senator lieberman , senate , us senate , harry reid , McConnell , chairmanship , position in the senate , democrats , status with democrats [ / tags ]
A murder in the Mexican state of Chihuahua last week horrified even hardened crime stoppers .
Police Commander Martin Castro's head was severed and left in an ice cooler in front of the police station in the town of Praxedis with a calling card from the Sinoloa drug cartel .
According to Mexico's attorney general , 6,616 people died in drug - trafficking violence in Mexico last year .
A high percentage of those killed were themselves criminals , but many law enforcement agents battling organized crime were also murdered .
The carnage ...
Northern Europe
The warming of the globe has so far generally been good for the world 's wine .
It has allowed the fruit to come off the vine richer and riper .
A study led by Gregory Jones , a climatologist at Southern Oregon University in Ashland , Ore. , and the son of a winegrower , tracked the impact of rising temperatures between 1950 and 1999 , using as a measure of quality the values by the auction house Sotheby 's , which rates wines on a 100 - point scale ... © Grand Tour / Corbis
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota ( CNN ) --
A state election board on Monday will announce Democrat Al Franken has defeated Republican incumbent Norm Coleman in Minnesota 's U.S. Senate race , state officials told CNN Sunday .
A board will say Al Franken won the U.S. Senate race by 225 votes , Minnesota 's secretary of state says .
The canvassing board on Monday will say a recount determined Franken won by 225 votes , Secretary of State Mark Ritchie told CNN .
However , Coleman 's campaign , which contends the recount should have included about 650 absentee ballots it says were improperly rejected in the initial count , has indicated it will challenge the certification .
Coleman campaign manager Cullen Sheehan said his team believes the recount process was broken and that " the numbers being reported will not be accurate or valid . "
" The effort by the Franken campaign , supported by the secretary of state , to exclude improperly rejected absentee ballots is indefensible and disenfranchises hundreds of Minnesota voters , " Sheehan said .
After the results are certified , Coleman 's campaign will have seven days to file a challenge .
The initial count from the November 4 election put Coleman , a first - term senator , 215 votes ahead of Franken -- known for his stint on NBC's " Saturday Night Live " and as a former talk - show host on progressive radio network Air America .
Do n't Miss Tense moments in Minnesota Senate recount
The slim margin triggered an automatic recount .
During the recount , Franken 's campaign alleged that thousands of absentee ballots had been improperly rejected and asked that they be counted .
The state 's Supreme Court eventually ordered that rejected absentee ballots be counted if local officials and each campaign could agree that the selected ballots were rejected mistakenly .
About 950 initially rejected absentee ballots were counted Saturday after all parties agreed on them .
However , Coleman 's campaign said about 650 other rejected absentee ballots -- many of them from pro-Coleman areas -- also were improperly rejected and should have been counted .
The Coleman campaign has also alleged that more than 100 ballots may have been accidentally counted twice and may have unfairly benefited Franken .
" When a candidate is leading because of double counted votes , and votes that get counted even when ballots do n't exist , it clearly means that a [ post - election challenge ] is the only likely remedy to ensure a fair outcome , " Sheehan said .
Franken 's attorney , Marc Elias , in a statement said : " The next step is the canvass board 's meeting tomorrow , where we have every expectation they will declare that Al Franken won this election . "
Deputy Secretary of State Jim Gelbmann , who oversaw Saturday 's tallying of the 950 improperly rejected absentee ballots , said the only thing left for the canvassing board to do Monday is certify the numbers .
The board 's meeting will convene at 2:30 p.m .
" Candidates may have objections or suggestions or comments that they want to make , " Gelbmann said .
" I would assume the canvassing board will allow that as long as they 're brief . "
Sen . Charles Schumer , D - New York and chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , issued a statement Sunday declaring Franken the winner and expressing confidence Franken would remain on top following any legal battle .
" There is no longer any doubt who will be the next senator from Minnesota , " Schumer said .
" Even if all the ballots Coleman claims were double counted or erroneously added were resolved in his favor , he still would n't have enough votes to win . "
Schumer also said it is " crucial " Minnesota 's second seat in the Senate not go empty , implying Franken should be seated when the rest of the Senate convenes to be sworn in Tuesday .
Minnesota 's other seat is held by Sen. Amy Klobuchar , a Democrat .
Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , has pledged a GOP filibuster if the Democrat - controlled Senate attempts to seat Franken before all legal battles play out and before Minnesota 's Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a Republican , can co-sign the secretary of state 's certificate .
Ritchie said the state has no problem with not having two sworn - in senators Tuesday until the process is completed .
All About Minnesota • Norm Coleman • Al Franken • U.S. Senate
Break Things Down .
Do n't put a huge project like " Write Great American Novel " in your Monday slot for next week .
It 's not going to happen , and it 's going to nag at you every time you look at that list .
So start small .
Break things down .
If it 's something that might take a while or that you really do n't want to do ( Like go to work ) break it into several goals for the day .
As a student , I use this a lot - I do n't put " College " on my list for the day , I break it down into individual classes , and even write down related tasks independently ( like bringing in forms , spending time in the language lab , etc. ) " Great American Novel " would probably fit best with your long term goals , and when you 're ready to start , stick something related into a weekly slot to work on .
( Like " Write Prologue " or " Start novel outline " )
Ease yourself into the big tasks .
Rome was n't built in a day , and unless you 've got a lot of help and / or very little acreage , your dream garden probably wo n't be either .
Stick with " Till Soil " and move on to " Plant Tomatoes . "
Put Large Projects Near The End of The Week .
I know it sounds weird , but I 've found that if you put all the little things in their respective days , and then stick a bunch of larger projects that need to be done that week at the end of it ( like " Write Essay for English " ) you can work on them and then feel good about yourself when you 're crossing off Friday 's work on Tuesday .
Now that 's freedom .
Breaking these larger projects down also works , but it all depends on what you know you can sit down and do in one sitting .
Do n't Give Up !
Remember - the to - do list is just a tool .
A powerful tool , but like any other tool , it wo n't be able to do it 's job unless you give it your all .
It takes 5 - 10 minutes to fill out the list , so you can do it during breakfast or while you 're having your morning constitutional .
Heck , I put mine together on Sunday night , usually while watching a movie !
So what are you waiting for ?
Put that list together , and start doing the stuff you need to do to free up the time you need to be you !
Michelle Ryan will guest star alongside David Tennant in this year 's first Doctor Who special at Easter , prompting speculation that she may get a permanent role as the Doctor 's companion when the show returns for a new series in 2010 .
The former EasterEnders star will play the mysterious Lady Christina de Souza , who joins the Doctor on a bus trip which takes a " detour into danger " , the BBC said .
The special is scheduled for broadcast in April .
" I'm a huge fan of Doctor Who and very excited to be joining David Tennant and the Doctor Who team , " said Ryan .
" It is such a fantastic show and I can't wait to get started . "
Ryan will be joined in the Planet of the Dead special at Easter by comedian Lee Evans , who plays a character called Malcolm , whose life becomes connected to the Doctor 's under extraordinary circumstances .
Planet of the Dead is the first of four Doctor Who specials that will air in 2009 .
The shows will be the swansong for Tennant and Russell T Davies – the executive producer and showrunner responsible for the sci - fi drama 's hugely successful revival in 2005 – who will both bow out after the Christmas 2009 special to make way for new Doctor , Matt Smith .
However , BBC executives have not yet announced who will be Smith 's companion , increasing speculation that Ryan could get the role full time as the show has a habit of re-using actors and characters from earlier programmes .
Catherine Tate , for example , was originally cast in a Christmas 2006 special , The Runaway Bride , then returned to star alongside Tennant as the Doctor 's companion in series four last year .
" Michelle is one of the most sought after young actors in the country and we are delighted to announce that she will be joining the team , " said Davies .
" As always the script is being kept strictly under wraps however we can reveal that Lady Christina is a woman with a mysterious past who 's going to have a huge impact on the Doctor . "
Ryan has previously worked with Steven Moffat , who takes over from Davies , as he wrote the six - part BBC1 series , Jekyll , that she starred in in 2007 .
She was also on - screen last year in BBC1 fantasy drama Merlin playing sorceress Nimueh , alongside veteran actor John Hurt , before which she starred in US broadcaster NBC 's 2007 revival of Bionic Woman , which was axed after one series .
The show was broadcast in the UK by ITV2 .
Ryan also featured alongside former Doctor Who assistant Billie Piper in ITV1's 2007 adaptation of Jane Austen 's novel Mansfield Park .
However , Ryan is best remembered for her breakthrough role in EastEnders playing Zoe Slater in the BBC1 soap between 2000 and 2005 .
Filming of Planet of the Dead , written by Davies and Gareth Roberts , began this week in Wales .
The show will also see the return of Noma Dumezweni as captain Erisa Magambo , who previously appeared in an episode of last year 's series called Turn Left .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
GRAND JUNCTION , Colo . —Colorado National Monument officials planned to use a crane to remove a van teetering on a rock outcropping at the Western Colorado landmark .
The 260 - ton crane was expected to pluck the van off the rock Thursday .
Authorities say 34 - year - old Daniel John Lyons of Clifton drove the van about 120 feet off Rim Rock Drive in an apparent suicide attempt Jan. 21 .
He called 911 when the van got hung up on the rock .
It took two hours for emergency crews to stabilize the van and rescue Lyons .
He was taken to a hospital , then released Saturday and booked into the Mesa County jail on suspicion of felonies including sexual assault on a child .
It was n’t clear if Lyons had an attorney .
The jail did not immediately return a call .
Grape Seed Extract Found To Kill Leukemia Cells In Laboratory Tests
An extract from grape seeds forces laboratory leukemia cells to commit cell suicide , according to researchers from the University of Kentucky .
They found that within 24 hours , 76 percent of leukemia cells had died after being exposed to the extract .
The investigators , who report their findings in the January 1 , 2009 , issue of Clinical Cancer Research , a journal of the American Association for Cancer Research , also teased apart the cell signaling pathway associated with use of grape seed extract that led to cell death , or apoptosis .
They found that the extract activates JNK , a protein that regulates the apoptotic pathway .
While grape seed extract has shown activity in a number of laboratory cancer cell lines , including skin , breast , colon , lung , stomach and prostate cancers , no one had tested the extract in hematological cancers nor had the precise mechanism for activity been revealed .
" These results could have implications for the incorporation of agents such as grape seed extract into prevention or treatment of hematological malignancies and possibly other cancers , " said the study 's lead author , Xianglin Shi , Ph.D. , professor in the Graduate Center for Toxicology at the University of Kentucky .
" What everyone seeks is an agent that has an effect on cancer cells but leaves normal cells alone , and this shows that grape seed extract fits into this category , " he said .
Shi adds , however , that the research is not far enough along to suggest that people should eat grapes , grape seeds , or grape skin in excess to stave off cancer .
" This is very promising research , but it is too early to say this is chemo- protective . "
Hematological cancers – leukemia , lymphoma and myeloma – accounted for an estimated 118,310 new cancer cases and almost 54,000 deaths in 2006 , ranking these cancers as the fourth leading cause of cancer incidence and death in the U.S .
Given that epidemiological evidence shows that eating vegetables and fruits helps prevent cancer development , Shi and his colleagues have been studying chemicals known as proanthocyanidins in fruits that contribute to this effect .
Shi has found that apple peel extract contains these flavonoids , which have antioxidant activity , and which cause apoptosis in several cancer cell lines but not in normal cells .
Based on those studies , and findings from other researchers that grape seed extract reduces breast tumors in rats and skin tumors in mice , they looked at the effect of the compound in leukemia cells .
Using a commercially available grape seed extract , Shi exposed leukemia cells to the extract in different doses and found the marked effect in causing apoptosis in these cells at one of the higher doses .
They also discovered that the extract does not affect normal cells , although they do n't know why .
The researchers then used pharmacologic and genetic approaches to determine how the extract induced apoptosis .
They found that the extract strongly activated the JNK pathway , which then led to up - regulation of Cip / p21 , which controls the cell cycle .
They checked this finding by using an agent that inhibited JNK , and found that the extract was ineffective .
Using a genetic approach – silencing the JNK gene – also disarmed grape seed extract 's lethal attack in leukemia cells .
" This is a natural compound that appears to have relatively important properties , " Shi said .
Article : Ning Gao , Amit Budhraja , Senping Cheng , Hua Yao , Zhuo Zhang , Xianglin Shi , ' Induction of Apoptosis in Human Leukemia Cells by Grape Seed Extract Occurs via Activation of c - Jun NH2 - Terminal Kinase ' , Clinical Cancer Research 15 , 140- 149 , January 1 , 2009 .
doi : 10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-08-1447
From an episode of " Ants ! Nature 's Secret Power " we see the amazing underground metropolis built by the industrious insects .
To see how large and complex the living city of the ants are the scientists poured cement so as to solidify the structure and allow them the chance to dig it up .
What you 'll see will amaze and fascinate you.via - Dark Roasted Blend
SyncMate is here !
File sync Mac software
Keep your data in sync between Mac and multiple devices or online accounts .
No need to purchase several sync solutions in order to sync your Mac with each device or account - just download SyncMate and all supported devices will be synced within one application .
You can try out Free edition and then upgrade to Expert .
Requires OS X 10.10 or later
Yesterday , Norm Coleman made his first public appearance since the State Canvassing Board certified Franken the recount victor .
During his speech , Norm stated that " Minnesotans deserve 100 percent confidence that their senator was fairly elected , " this is true , but Norm Coleman will not win an election contest arguing that Minnesotans only have 99 % confidence in the veracity of the recount .
Coleman is hanging his hat on a series of oddities , totaling less than the margin of defeat .
The cornerstone of their arguement rests upon the double counting issue and the 171 ballots that turned up relatively late during Ramsey County 's recount process .
I 've compiled a table detailing the breakdown of anomalous results within each of Ramsey County 's 178 precincts .
Based upon relatively simple math , it appears as though 350 more ballots were counted above and beyond the total number of actual voters ; the number of votes does not exceed the number of registered voters in any precinct .
This 350 vote discrepancy can mostly be explained based upon the events after November 4th .
We know that 171 ballots were found in Maplewood P - 6 that were not present on election day ; thus they could not be counted as actual votes .
Reading through my table , there is a 168 vote difference between recounted votes and total voters in Maplewood 's sixth precinct .
If these 171 are valid to begin with , there is actually a nine vote drop off between the number of voters and votes cast ; a consistent correlation in relation to the rest of Ramsey County 's 177 precincts .
Subtracting these 171 votes from 350 yields a diminishing discrepancy of 179 .
This number can further be reduced based upon the 71 wrongfully rejected absentee ballots present within Ramsey County .
That leaves 108 anomalous votes , or just .0388 % of all votes cast in Ramsey County .
That 's fewer than one error per precinct , well within the realm of human error .
Reporter A : Is this process fair and accurate and true and are the results that you announced today accurate ?
Mark Ritchie :
As accurate as was humanly possible within Minnesota law .
Source : VoteForAmerica.net ( *.wmv , 00:06:12 , 71 MB )
Norm 's argument is not without merit however ; if the .0388 % error rate is extrapolated onto the state 's 2,887,337 Senate votes , the resulting calculation yields 1,120 potentially erroneous votes .
Coleman would need to win these potentially erroneous votes by over 60 % of the two way vote to overcome the current margin of 225 .
Not only are the numbers stacked against Coleman 's election contest , but the very core of his argument hinges upon correcting human error .
Based upon the actual court documents , Norm is arguing that " numerous and material errors , mistakes and other irregularities " occurred during the initial canvass , the re-canvass and the recount .
Note :
The entire premise of this article rests upon the inaccuracy of the " Total Voters in Precinct " column based upon the unlikelihood of that column 's pre-recount value remaining consistent through the recounted result , despite an addition to the total number of ballots counted .
Update [ 1/13 4:37 AM
CT ] : Just a small , but very important correction .
The 171 ballots that were not counted on election night in Maplewood were not specifically absentee ballots according to an article published by Minnesota Public Radio ; they may have been absentee ballots , but that detail is unknown .
It does however appear as though these 171 ballots were not included in the November 4th voter records :
The election judges apparently did n't run some ballots through the ballot counter after their ballot counter had gone down during the day .
So , we had apparently more ballots in the box than we had on the tape .
Source : Minnesota Public Radio
This statement by a Ramsey County election official affirms my explanation for the discrepancy between the November 4th voter records and the recounted vote totals within Maplewood 's Sixth Precinct .
The election night discrepancy of 31 votes still remains unexplained .
These 171 ballots may have been sporadically counted when they were initially run through the machine ; whether that means votes were counted twice , or simply the presence of a ballot remains unknown ; its even possible that something entirely different happened , we simply do n't know .
In any case its unlikely to make a difference in Coleman 's legal contest .
I 've got another high resolution Photoshop brush set for everyone 's downloading pleasure !
I call these “ Destroyed Heraldry , ” and they were super fun to make .
All of them are super - hi-res ( most are 2500 px ) .
I spent a lot of time on each one individually , and they are a combnation of over 3 different types of media , and multiple layering effects to get to the end result .
Preview :
These previews are cropped .
There is splatter around the edges , I just cropped to the main body of each brush .
There are 10 brushes in the set , each displayed below ( and one at the top ) .
All brushes are 2500 px ( give or take 5 - 10 px , actually , just take ) .
Do n't forget to show us your work by adding your designs to the BittBox User Showcase at Flickr 🙂
Tunnel smuggling resumed shortly after the cease - fires were declared Israeli air strikes have targeted the Gaza Strip 's border with Egypt , as part of Israel 's response to an attack on one of its frontier patrols on Tuesday .
Residents near the town of Rafah fled as missiles hit tunnels through which Israel says militants smuggle arms .
The strikes came ahead of US envoy George Mitchell 's visit to promote a permanent Israel - Hamas ceasefire .
Both sides declared ceasefires on 17 and 18 January to end Israel 's three - week offensive on Gaza .
The land , air and sea assault killed about 1,300 Palestinians , including 400 children .
Thirteen Israelis died .
It is not clear whether there were any casualties from the airstrikes , but the latest violence is a sign of just how fragile the truce is , says the BBC's Bethany Bell in Jerusalem .
Push for peace Israel had responded to Tuesday 's roadside bomb - which killed one soldier and wounded three - by immediately sending troops and tanks into Gaza backed by helicopters .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Ensuing fighting around the town of Khan Younis and the Kissufim border crossing left one Palestinian dead , medical sources said .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert threatened further strikes , saying the incursion was merely an initial reaction and that Israel 's full response was still to come , Haaretz newspaper reported on its website .
Both Mr Mitchell and EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana are in the region to push for peace talks .
Mixed with the rubble and shrapnel on the floor is a shell collection , a pink hairbrush , belts , handbags , a fragment of cardboard printed with a Barbie and lots of school books , caked with dried blood
Jeremy Bowen
Bowen diary : Family tragedy Counting casualties of Gaza 's war Aid worker diary : Part 22 Mr Mitchell , newly appointed by US President Barack Obama , is to hold talks with Mr Olmert and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , although correspondents say he is not expected to meet Hamas officials .
He has already held talks in Cairo about Egypt 's mediation efforts .
Israeli and Palestinian faction representatives have visited Cairo for talks with Egyptian officials since the ceasefires came into effect .
Hamas wants an end of Israel 's punishing blockade of Gaza .
Israel wants a long - term ceasefire and curbs on Hamas rearming .
During Mr Mitchell 's visit , Israelis will want to hear what ideas the US has for advancing the peace process , as well as how Washington will tackle the Iranian nuclear issue , our correspondent says .
But with Israeli elections due to take place in two weeks , it is likely the US envoy will spend much of his time listening , as Mr Obama has asked him to do , our correspondent adds .
Mr Mitchell 's visit is being seen by many Israelis as a sign of US engagement , and by others as a sign of pressure .
Tunnels working
The Gaza Strip 's southern frontier is peppered with tunnels into Egypt that were pummelled by air - strikes during Israel 's offensive .
One of Israel 's stated goals was to halt the smuggling of weapons - including rockets that were being fired against Israeli towns - into the coastal enclave through the network of tunnels .
But smuggling resumed shortly after the non-negotiated cease - fires were declared .
Residents along the border say food , fuel and other goods are moving through the several dozen tunnels that are still operational .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Does Comcast give its own Internet phone service special treatment compared to VoIP competitors who use the ISP 's network ?
That 's basically the question that the Federal Communications Commission posed in a letter sent to the cable giant on Sunday .
The agency has asked Comcast to provide " a detailed justification for Comcast 's disparate treatment of its own VoIP service as compared to that offered by other VoIP providers on its network . "
The latest knock on the door comes from FCC Wireline Bureau Chief Dana Shaffer and agency General Counsel Matthew Berry .
As everybody who has followed the Great Comcast v FCC P2P drama knows , in September the company complied with Commission demands that it mend its BitTorrent throttling ways and come up with a different approach to network management .
That it has , setting up a complex , " shallow packet " inspection system that occasionally ( we hope ) deprioritizes users based not on the kinds of protocols they 're accessing , but on the amount of congestion in their immediate area , plus the amount of bandwidth they 're gobbling up themselves .
In those instances these users have their traffic reprioritized as " best effort [ BE ] " down from " priority best effort [ PBE ] . "
Let 's get choppy
But in reviewing Comcast 's explanation of this new system , the FCC has noticed something that it finds fishy .
" During times of actual network congestion , " Comcast 's filing explains ...
" when BE traffic might be delayed , there are a variety of effects that could be experienced by a user whose traffic is delayed , depending upon what applications he or she is using .
Typically , a user whose traffic is in a BE state during actual congestion may find that a webpage loads sluggishly , a peer - to - peer upload takes somewhat longer to complete , or a VoIP call sounds choppy . "
This potential choppiness stands in contrast , the FCC contends , to Comcast 's own VoIP product , Comcast Digital Voice ( CDV ) , a difference that Comcast discloses on its FAQ Network Management page .
" Is Comcast Digital Voice affected by this [ network management ] technique ? " the page asks .
" What about other VoIP providers ? "
No , the company explains .
CDV is a " separate facilities - based IP phone service " and " is not affected by this technique . "
The Commission would like some more details about this assertion .
" We request that Comcast explain why it omitted from its filings with the Commission the distinct effects that Comcast 's new network management technique has on Comcast 's VoIP offerings versus those of its competitors , " its letter asks .
And how is CDV " facilities based " ?
the agency wants to know , and does it impact network congestion differently from other VoIP providers ?
Subject to regulation ?
The soup gets even hotter .
If Digital Voice represents a consumer offering " distinct , " in the FCC 's words , from its " broadband offering , " then it could conceivably be classified as " the privileged transmission of information of the customer 's choosing across Comcast 's network , " the agency suggests .
In other words , by virtue of the way Comcast has structured its VoIP product , it 's a " telecommunications " rather than an " information " service , and thus potentially subject " to the same intercarrier compensation obligations applicable to other facilities - based telecommunications carriers . "
That " obligations " word sure sounds like " charges " as in " Comcast pays money . "
Needless to say the Usual Suspects are on this like white on rice .
Ars got the latest Free - Press - O - Gram as we were writing up the story .
" This letter is a positive sign that the FCC's Comcast decision was not a one - and - done action on Net Neutrality , " declares Free Presses ' Ben Scott .
" We are pleased that the commission is conducting an ongoing investigation into network management practices that might impact users ' access to the online content and services of their choice . "
Comcast , it should be noted , is challenging the FCC's P2P Order in a federal appeals court , and sent us a characteristically circumspect initial response to this inquiry .
" We have fully complied with the FCC 's order regarding our congestion management practices , " a company spokesperson told us .
" We are reviewing the FCC staff 's letter . "
Further reading
Access to maternity care helps save lives Women in poor nations are 300 times more likely to die in childbirth or from pregnancy complications than those in the developed world , Unicef warns .
The lifetime risk in the poorest countries was one in 24 , compared with one in 8,000 in richer countries .
About 99 % of the 500,000 maternal deaths in 2005 occurred outside industrialised nations , more than half of them in Africa , Unicef said .
Its head of health said there were an " unconscionable number of deaths " .
In Niger , the country with the world 's highest maternal mortality , a woman has a one in seven chance of dying , during pregnancy or childbirth .
Ireland - where the risk of death is one in 47,600 - is the safest place to have a baby .
' Falling short '
The United Nations Children 's Fund says in its ' The State of the World 's Children 2009 ' report that progress has been made in reducing deaths in under - fives .
The UN has called for a 75 % reduction in the maternal mortality rate by 2015 as part of its Millennium Development Goals programme .
Much more must be done
Ann Veneman , Unicef But Unicef says that nations , especially in the developing world , are falling far short of this mark .
It adds that girls who give birth before the age of 15 are five times more likely to die in childbirth than women in their 20s , the agency said .
In its report , Unicef said : " The divide between industrialised countries and developing regions - particularly the least developed countries - is perhaps greater on maternal mortality than on almost any other issue . "
Dr Peter Salama , the Unicef chief of health , added : " It 's really an unconscionable number of deaths .
It 's a human tragedy on a massive scale . "
Education
The number of maternal deaths has remained largely unchanged over the past two decades and has made it more difficult to reduce child mortality .
A newborn baby has less chance of surviving if its mother dies during or shortly after childbirth .
Those born in developing countries are almost 14 times more likely to die during the first month of life .
Liberia had the highest rate of neonatal mortality at 66 deaths per 1,000 live births .
Ann Veneman , Unicef 's executive director , said : " Progress has been made in reducing child mortality , but much more must be done especially in addressing maternal and newborn health . "
She added : " Saving the lives of mothers and their newborns requires more than just medical intervention .
" Educating girls is pivotal to improving maternal and neonatal health and also benefits families and societies . "
Unicef said up to 80 % of the deaths did not have access to basic health and obstetric care .
About four in 10 of all births worldwide are not attended by a doctor or other health professional .
Improved access to HIV drugs would also improve the chances of survival for new mothers and their babies , it added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
While Detroit ’s automakers struggle to rebuild their sputtering operations , the key to jump - starting Michigan ’s economy may lie 80 miles northwest of the Motor City .
This is the home of Hemlock Semiconductor Corp .
It makes a material crucial for constructing photovoltaic panels .
And that has turned this snow - covered hamlet into an unlikely hotbed for solar energy .
On Dec. 15 , the same week that General Motors Corp. and Chrysler begged $ 17.4 billion from taxpayers to stave off collapse , Hemlock announced a $ 3 - billion expansion that could create hundreds of jobs .
It ’s a rare piece of good news for this battered Rust Belt state , whose 9.6 % unemployment rate is the nation ’s highest .
In contrast to Detroit iron , Hemlock ’s quartz - based polycrystalline silicon is in such demand that workers in white smocks and protective gear toil around the clock to get it to customers around the globe .
Advertisement
Hemlock has been deluged with applications from idle factory hands such as former autoworker Don Sloboda .
The 50 - year - old Saginaw resident has been retraining at a local community college for what he hopes is the region ’s new engine of job growth .
“ It looks like the future to me , ” Sloboda said .
Whether clean energy can pull Michigan out of the ditch remains to be seen .
But the push is on to retool America with so - called green - collar industries .
President - elect Barack Obama wants to spend $ 150 billion over the next decade to promote energy from the sun , wind and other renewable sources as well as energy conservation .
Plans include raising vehicle fuel - economy standards and subsidizing consumer purchases of plug - in hybrids .
Obama wants to weatherize 1 million homes annually and upgrade the nation ’s creaky electrical grid .
His team has talked of providing tax credits and loan guarantees to clean - energy companies .
Advertisement
His goals : create 5 million new jobs repowering America over 10 years ; assert U.S. leadership on global climate change ; and wean the U.S. from its dependence on imported petroleum .
“ Breaking our oil addiction . . . is going to take nothing less than the complete transformation of our economy , ” Obama said during a campaign stop in Michigan ’s capital , Lansing , last year .
Americans have heard it before .
Every president since Richard Nixon has touted energy independence , yet the goal remains elusive .
The U.S. imported less than a third of its crude around the time of the Arab oil embargo in 1973 .
Today foreigners feed nearly 60 % of the nation ’s petroleum habit .
Skeptics fear that the president - elect ’s Green New Deal will do little but waste taxpayers ’ money .
The government squandered billions on the Jimmy Carter - era synthetic - fuels program , a failed effort to create vehicle fuel from coal .
Advertisement
Corn - based ethanol -- the latest recipient of fat subsidies -- is loathed by many environmentalists , who say it is an inefficient fuel that gobbles precious cropland and helps to drive up food prices .
Better to let the market decide , not the state , said Donald Boudreaux , chairman of the economics department at George Mason University in Virginia .
“ The history of government picking winners in the U.S. is not that grand , ” he said .
“ People instinctively love the idea of green jobs .
. . .
But there is a lot of mass stupidity out there . ”
Renewable - energy proponents such as former California Treasurer Phil Angelides say stupidity would be to stick with current U.S. energy policy , which has turbocharged global warming , super - sized the trade deficit and propped up oil - rich regimes hostile to American interests .
Advertisement
Angelides heads the Apollo Alliance , a coalition promoting clean industries as a means of rebuilding U.S. manufacturing and lessening the nation ’s dependence on foreign oil .
“ It ’s the best path to recovery and the best chance of creating jobs that ca n’t be outsourced , ” he said .
Although Angelides ’ organization takes its name from the space program that put Americans on the moon , creating green jobs is n’t rocket science , said Oakland activist Van Jones , author of “ The Green Collar Economy . ”
Jones said Obama ’s proposal to weatherize homes would pay for itself through energy savings while putting legions of unemployed construction workers back on the job .
A $ 100 - billion investment in a green recovery could create 2 million jobs within two years , a good chunk of them in retrofitting , according to a recent University of Massachusetts study .
Advertisement
“ You can employ a lot of people very quickly with off - the - shelf technology like caulk guns , ” said Jones , founder of Green for All , an economic development group .
“ This is n’t George Jetson stuff . ”
No one knows precisely how many green jobs exist in the U.S. economy .
Estimates range from less than 1 million workers to nearly four times that .
What ’s clear is that clean industries have been growing rapidly without a lot of help from Uncle Sam .
Worldwide , investors poured a record $ 117.2 billion into alternative energy in 2007 , according to London research firm New Energy Finance .
The costs of wind and solar power are dropping fast .
But the industry slowed in late 2008 as the U.S. financial system imploded .
Plunging oil prices and frozen credit markets have derailed a number of renewable - energy projects .
Some advocates say U.S. government support is needed to keep the sector moving forward .
Advertisement
That strategy has worked for Germany and Japan : Neither is blessed with abundant sunshine , yet these nations boast more rooftop solar arrays than anyplace else , thanks largely to government subsidies .
That has created vibrant domestic markets for solar power and tens of thousands of jobs .
Asian and European solar module makers dominate the industry .
The irony , say American solar executives , is that the U.S. was an early innovator .
Bell Labs introduced the world ’s first photovoltaic device in the 1950s .
NASA ’s space work advanced the field .
The U.S. “ created this technology , but we did n’t value it because [ fossil fuel ] energy was so cheap , ” said Ron Kenedi , an American who is vice president of the U.S. solar operations of Japan ’s Sharp Corp. , a major manufacturer of solar cells .
“ We need to reclaim our birthright . ”
Advertisement
Many state and local governments are n’t waiting for Washington .
Tough state mandates to cut greenhouse gases and boost the use of renewable energy have turned California into the nation ’s hottest market for solar energy .
Installers such as SolarCity of Foster City continue to hire even as the rest of California ’s economy stalls .
Pennsylvania used incentives to lure Spanish wind - turbine maker Gamesa Technology Corp. to set up shop in an old steel facility .
The company now employs more than 1,000 workers in the state , most of them unionized .
New Mexico is diversifying its mineral - based economy with green technology .
Germany ’s Schott Solar is building a $ 100 - million plant near Albuquerque and the state is grooming wind power technicians at Mesalands Community College in Tucumcari , one of only a few such programs in the country .
Advertisement
Trained wind workers are in such demand that General Electric Co. , a maker of turbines , has promised to hire every Mesalands graduate for the next three years .
Michigan has started its own Green Jobs Initiative to retrain displaced factory workers for careers in renewable energy .
“ If we can bend sheet metal for car fenders , we can bend it for windmills , ” said Ken Horn , a Republican state representative from hard - hit Saginaw .
A tavern owner , Horn said his regulars had been buzzing about green energy -- a sign that the industry was no longer considered fringe or radical .
Advertisement
Michigan ’s brightest renewable stars are in solar .
United Solar Ovonic , a major producer of thin - film photovoltaics , operates three manufacturing facilities in Michigan and has two more under construction in the state .
Hemlock Semiconductor is a joint venture of two Japanese firms and Midland , Mich . - based Dow Corning Corp. , which owns a majority stake .
It is expanding its rural campus not far from Saginaw and building a plant in Tennessee to produce more polycrystalline silicon -- a semiconductor that allows solar cells to convert sunlight into electricity .
The exacting chemical process begins with the mining of quartz and ends with huge , gray , U - shaped bars of polycrystalline silicon wheeled to an assembly line at Hemlock ’s Michigan plant , where they ’re broken into small chunks for shipment .
Advertisement
Most of the product is sent to Asia and Europe , where solar manufacturers turn it into the familiar panels seen on rooftops .
Hemlock employs 1,400 full - time and contract workers in Michigan and expects to add 500 more in the next few years .
The plant operates 24 hours a day , 365 days a week , never stopping , even in a recent blizzard .
Snow and ice could n’t keep Rich Steudemann from sliding into work on a recent morning .
A mechanical engineer with more than two decades in the auto industry , Steudemann jumped at the chance to join Hemlock last fall as a quality - control expert .
“ This is like the era of Henry Ford , ” said Steudemann , 45 .
“ This industry is just starting to take off . ”
--
Advertisement
marla.dickerson@latimes.com
Arthur Shapiro blogging on research - generated phenomena .
A new illusion whenever I can get around to it .
The daughter met me at the back door : “ What is this stuff ? ” she asked .
It was Monday night , our regular date for her to come over and wash her clothes and then eat dinner and watch “ Dexter ” with me ( nothing like laundry and a TiVo - ed serial killer for father - daughter bonding ) .
She ’d arrived early and , hungry , had dug around in the refrigerator for something to snack on .
Finding a pot of my latest hobby , she ’d smeared some on bread , topped it with a dab of goat cheese and popped it in her mouth .
“ It ’s like it fills your whole mouth with savory ! ” she said ( I keep insisting she ’s the real food writer in the family ) .
“ How do you make it ? ”
Well , I told her , you kinda just cook onions .
“ And then what ?
What do you add to it ? ”
You just cook onions .
That ’s it .
Such is the miracle of long , slow cooking .
The happy result of a marriage between 5 pounds of onions and four hours to kill , these onions caramelize to a deep , mahogany reddish - brown with a marmalade - like consistency .
There is sweetness , yes , but there is so much else , a powerful , mouth - filling deliciousness that ca n’t be described better than “ savory . ”
And the texture is buttery enough that they can actually be used as a fat replacement .
There are so many things you can do with caramelized onions .
There ’s that simple snack my daughter made ( toast the bread and you can call it crostini ) .
My wife ’s favorite pizza is topped with caramelized onions , goat cheese and black olives .
Or use it as a flavoring base .
Stir it into a bowl of cooked grains such as buckwheat or farro , and just a little sautéed bitter greens becomes a great meal .
Smear a bit onto a sandwich or a warm tortilla .
It ’s also terrific stirred into pasta sauces , stews or a pot of beans .
Build a layer of it into a gratin and it will perfume the potatoes and make the texture seem richer without adding any fat .
You can even serve it straight , dressed up with a little minced rosemary , as a sauce for meat .
Stuck at home last week with a head cold that made me unfit for work or company , I ’d busied myself by making a big pot of caramelized onions .
Other folks might kill sick days by watching soap operas or game shows , but for me , there ’s nothing like a little mindless cooking .
Though I have to confess it ’s almost a stretch to call this cooking .
Preparing food does n’t get much simpler .
Here ’s how it goes :
Slice onions ; put them in a pot with a little oil and some salt ; cook and stir ; cook and stir ; cook and stir ; cook and stir -- well , you get the picture .
Cooking caveats
But just because there are no long lists of ingredients or complicated techniques does not mean caramelizing onions is without pitfalls .
The main one -- and it ’s a dish - killer -- is that caramelizing can come awfully close to burning , and once you ’ve scorched the onions there ’s no way to get rid of that bitter flavor but to dump them out , wipe the pan clean and start over .
To avoid this , cook the onions in the heaviest pot you have over the lowest heat possible for much of the time , stirring as often as you can .
That should be at least every 15 to 20 minutes for most of the cooking , shortening to 5 to 10 minutes when you get down to the end stages .
The pot should be really big , too .
I usually use my nearly 7 - quart enameled cast - iron Dutch oven to cook my onions and at the start it ’s almost full to the top .
But the onions wilt and shrink dramatically during cooking .
Sprinkle them with a little salt to help draw out the moisture and just enough oil to keep them from sticking .
Cover the pot and place it over medium - low heat .
After about 20 minutes you ’ll find that the onions have started to soften and after about 45 minutes , they will be swimming in moisture -- it ’s amazing just how much water an onion contains .
At this point , you can increase the heat to medium and remove the lid to evaporate as much of that liquid as possible .
After about 75 minutes , the liquid will be very reduced and the onions will be the color of oatmeal .
Here ’s where it starts to get tricky , because there ’s no longer enough moisture to keep the onions from scorching .
You need to reduce the heat as low as it will go ( use a flame tamer if necessary ) , and be vigilant about stirring every 10 to 15 minutes ( I found this was a really good chore while I was ripping CDs onto my wife ’s iPod ) .
When you reach the two - hour point , there will be almost no water left .
The onions will have darkened a bit and will taste sweet , if slightly bland .
Start stirring every five to 10 minutes .
At the three - hour point they ’ll be getting really close .
The color will have darkened substantially into a reddish - gold and the flavor will have become notably more complex ( you ’ll also find that your house will smell absolutely amazing ) .
When the onions have darkened just a bit further and you can hear them really sizzling despite the low heat , they ’ll be done .
They should still be moist and flexible , a bit like a shredded orange peel marmalade .
Depending on just how low your flame will go , the full cooking will take from just over three hours to just under four .
That ’s a lot of time , but not a lot of effort .
And the good news is that caramelized onions are one of those things that are just as easy to make in large amounts as small .
Once cooked , the onions can be used immediately or stored tightly covered in the refrigerator ( there will be only a couple cups of them ) .
Though the word “ caramelized ” is associated with sweetness ( it refers specifically to sugar browning , after all ) , you do n’t want to do this with so - called “ sweet onions ” such as Vidalias or Mauis .
That ’s because those onions are n’t actually sweeter than regular onions .
That might sound weird , but it ’s all part of the peculiar world of onion chemistry .
The flavor of onions derives primarily from two factors -- the amount of sugar they contain and the amount of sulfuric “ burn ” they give you .
The so - called sweet onions actually just contain less of those sulfurous compounds than regular onions .
This makes them taste sweeter when they ’re raw and they are splendid sliced onto sandwiches or into salads .
But they also contain less sugar than regular onions , and because those acrid sulfurous compounds pretty much go away when heated , sweet onions turn bland as water after cooking .
The bottom line is , regular brown storage onions will make better caramelized onions than pricey sweet onions .
You can use red onions if you like -- they have sufficient bite -- but the end result wo n’t be any better than with the brown ones , so why bother ?
All those tears
It ’s irresponsible to write about a recipe that calls for slicing 5 pounds of onions without addressing the question of “ How do you keep from crying ? ”
I wish that I had some kind of miracle cure , but after 30 years of chopping onions , I do n’t .
Essentially , what makes you cry is those sulfuric compounds , and they ’re created whenever the onion ’s cell walls are broken .
There is no end to folkloric cures for this .
Some people swear that holding a wooden spoon clenched between their teeth works .
This is n’t as silly as it sounds , because squinting can reduce the amount of those gases that gets in your eyes .
Goggles are said to work for the same reason .
But there is dispute among onion chemists ( yes , there are such people ! ) as to whether it is your eyes that react to the chemicals or the lining of your sinuses -- so if you want to try this technique , better make it a full - face mask .
I ’ve tried the wooden spoon trick and not only did it not work for me , it made me feel even sillier than usual -- a big spoon in my mouth and tears running down my face .
Your mileage may vary .
The only trick I ’ve found that works is n’t really a trick -- keep your knives really sharp and it will minimize the amount of cell damage and reduce the amount of sulfuric compounds released .
In essence , you ’ll be slicing through a thin band of cells rather than crushing a wide one .
Other than that , the best thing is to do what I do when I ’m standing there sobbing over a cutting board full of onions -- remember that tears are temporary , but the joy of having a jar of caramelized onions in the fridge lasts a long time .
russ.parsons@latimes.com
Bratwurst
Naki Kouyioumtzis / Getty Images
Bratwurst and Rostbratwurst is a sausage made from finely minced pork and beef and usually grilled and served with sweet German mustard and a piece of bread or hard roll .
It can be sliced and made into Currywurst by slathering it in a catchup - curry sauce .
Thüringer Rostbratwurst features spices like marjoram and caraway , sometimes garlic .
The sausage , which is large and usually grilled , is formed using casings from pig intestines .
favorite favorite favorite favorite
To be honest , it 's games like these that make me wonder why people try to set goals that they know they 'll never achieve .
If they waited just another year or two , they would 've made a great game that could have easily been named one of the best games ever made .
Also , Halo was one of the XBox 's launch titles .
You said that Trespasser came out in 1998 , and the original XBox did n't come out until 2002 .
So that argument you brought up on ( think it was ) level 7 was n't really that valid with the release date since there is actually a four year span of time between the two game 's release date's .
Off that , you did a good job with this ' Let 's Play ' and I enjoyed every second of it .
Now , to say something about the MAC 10 back there ; the MAC 10 is a cousin of the Uzi 9 mm , a close quarters weapon system ( CQWS ) designed for annihilation of enemies within a residential area .
For its purpose , it is reliable , compact , fairly accurate if fired correctly , and is actually fairly weak .
It 's not the best weapon but it 's useful in some situations .
P.S. It 's sad that the SPAS - 15 is n't in this game .
The SPAS - 15 is a very similar weapon to the SPAS - 12 ; the only difference is that the SPAS - 15 uses a clip magazine rather then the barrel storage unit of its predecessor .
This allows it to be able to hold just as much ammo ( if not more ) and have a much faster reload speed because you do n't have to put the shells into the weapon one by one .
The main problem with the weapon is that it 's heavy and bulky , making it a very noticeable weapon .
- September 27 , 2009
To be honest ...
A demonstrator wraps a red bolt of cloth around a tree during a rally in Sydney October 13 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Tim Wimborne
LISBON ( Reuters ) - A Portuguese businessman said he cut off one of his fingers in court with a butcher ’s knife in an “ act of despair ” after a judge refused his offer to settle a 170,000 euro debt and said part of his farm must be sold .
“ My intention was to tear up all the case papers and splatter them with blood so I could prevent the expropriation order for my land , ” Orico Silva was quoted as saying in local media after his drastic action in the court house .
Silva , who owns a 20 hectare ( 50 acre ) farm in the central town of Figueira da Foz , was being sued by a company for holding onto a cash deposit on a land deal which had fallen through , the local newspaper said .
“ I freaked out when the judge refused my offer to pay the debt and ordered the sale of part of my land .
I told her I had a 1.2 million euro bank guarantee which would have allowed me to pay the debt , ” Silva said .
When he went to take the bank papers from his briefcase , he noticed the butcher ’s knife he had recently bought at a market and decided to cut off his index finger , using a court desk as a chopping board .
He then cut the finger into three .
“ I did n’t feel anything , I could even have cut off all my fingers .
It was an act of despair , ” he said .
If You Were President ...
Readers made their picks for President - elect Barack Obama ’s cabinet .
The top choices are listed below .
For more information on some of the potential members of the administration , select names from the pulldowns .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Young unemployed adults need more help to deal with mental health problems , the Prince 's Trust charity has warned .
One in 10 youngsters questioned in a survey disagreed that " life was really worth living " .
Those not in work or education were less likely to be happy .
Polling company YouGov questioned 2,004 people aged 16 - 25 online in October .
Paul Brow , of the Prince 's Trust , said the study showed there were thousands of young people who " desperately " needed support .
He added : " Often young people who feel they have reached rock bottom do n't know where to turn for help . "
Of those questioned , 29 % said they are less happy now than they were as a child and one in five said they felt like crying " often " or " always " .
Almost half ( 47 % ) said they were regularly stressed .
Young people tell us that family is key to their happiness , yet too often we find they do n't have this crucial support
Martina Milburn , Prince 's Trust
The feelings of negativity among those who took part in the survey were higher among those not in work , education or training .
Young people who had left school but did not have a job or a place on a training course were twice as likely to feel that their life had no purpose .
Key to levels of happiness , were relationships with family and friends , although health , money and work were also important .
The Prince 's Trust says it plans to train all its frontline staff to recognise mental health problems in what it calls an increasingly vulnerable generation .
Chief executive Martina Milburn said : " Young people tell us that family is key to their happiness , yet too often we find they do n't have this crucial support .
" At the Prince 's Trust we help vulnerable young people , steering them away from false support systems such as drugs , alcohol and dangerous gangs and providing them with a sense of purpose again . "
Existing problems Ross Hendry , head of public policy at the Action for Children charity , said the report highlighted " serious issues " which needed to be addressed .
" Children must be given the chance to speak out , be heard and participate in setting the political agenda about issues affecting their lives , if we are to build stronger , safer and more inclusive communities , " he said .
A spokesman for the Department for Children , Schools and Families said : " The government wants to make this the best country in the world to grow up and the Children 's Plan sets out how we will do this with more support for families , world class schools , and exciting things for young people to do outside school , and more places for children to play .
" In a survey of 110,000 pupils last year 93 % of children said that they felt happy about life .
" But we know childhood is n't good for every child and we will continue to focus on the problems that exist for some . "
The Prince 's Trust worked with YouGov to compile what it is calling a Youth Index based on the figures from the survey .
After ranking issues such as work , accommodation , family relations and health on a scale from one to seven the Youth Index is presented as a percentage to indicate young people 's happiness ( 71 ) and confidence ( 74 ) - producing an overall average of 73 for their well - being .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Mark Ward
Technology correspondent , BBC News
Hi -tech criminals took on a new tack in the past year If 2007 was witness to the rise of the professional hi-tech criminal , then 2008 was the year they got down to work .
" The underground economy is flourishing , " said Dan Hubbard , chief technology officer at security company Websense .
" They are not just more organised , " said Mr Hubbard , " they are co-operating more and showing more business savvy in how they monetise what they do . "
Statistics gathered by firms combating the rising tide of computer crime reveal just how busy professional cyber thieves have been over the last twelve months .
Sophos said it was now seeing more than 20,000 new malicious programs every day .
2008 was also the year in which Symantec revealed that its anti-virus software now protected against more than one million viruses .
The vast majority of these malicious programs are aimed at Windows PCs .
Viruses made their debut more than 20 years ago but the vast majority of that million plus total have been created in the last two - three years .
Tidal wave Criminal gangs generate so many viruses for two main reasons .
Firstly , many variants of essentially the same malicious program can cause problems for anti-virus software which can only reliably defend against threats it is aware of .
Secondly , in the past security firms have tended to focus on the big outbreaks .
By staging a series of small outbreaks the criminals hope to go unnoticed while their family of viruses racks up victims .
Spammers use tempting subjects to trick people into opening messages Another statistic from Sophos reveals how the tactics of the online criminal groups are changing .
Before 2008 the preferred method of attack was a booby - trapped attachment circulating by e-mail .
Provocative , pornographic and personal subject lines were used to trick people into opening the attachment .
Anyone doing so risked having hi-tech criminals hijack their home computer and turn them to their own nefarious ends .
In 2008 , said Graham Cluley from Sophos , the main attack vector started to shift .
Increasingly , he said , attackers have tried to subvert webpages by injecting malicious code into them that will compromise the computer of anyone that visits .
By the close of 2008 , said Mr Cluley , Sophos was discovering a newly infected webpage roughly every 4 seconds .
The type of page being booby - trapped had also changed , he said .
Prior to 2008 gambling , pornographic and pirated software sites were much more likely to be unwitting hosts for the malicious code used to hijack visitors ' machines .
In 2008 the criminals turned their attention to mainstream sites that had very large audiences and were vulnerable to the code- injection attack .
Bug report For Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at F - Secure , 2008 was the year in which some hi-tech criminals got much more sophisticated .
The best example of this , he said , was the virus known as Mebroot .
" We saw it very early in the year and it continues to be a very complicated case , " he said .
One of its most remarkable features is its built - in bug reporting system , said Mr Hypponen .
When Mebroot is detected or malfunctions revealing its presence it sends off a report to its creators who then turn out a new version with the bug fixed .
Most attacks are aimed at PCs running the Windows operating system " It 's amazing that the bad guys were capable of pulling this off , " said Mr Hypponen .
Dan Hubbard from Websense said 2008 was also notable for some hi-tech criminals turning away from viruses completely and embraced another way to make money .
Many , he said , were turning out bogus security programs that look legitimate but do not work .
Once installed they purport to carry out a detailed scan of a machine and always turn up many instances of spyware and other malicious programs .
Cleaning up a machine using one of the bogus security programs always involves a fee , said Mr Hubbard .
" They are testing legal boundaries that are a grey area right now , " said Mr Hubbard .
In mid-December 2008 the US Federal Trade Commission won a restraining order to shut down several firms that ran so - called " scareware " scams .
Research by Israeli security company Finjan suggests that up to five million people around the world have fallen victim to such scams .
A US court granted the FTC an injunction which stopped those behind the scareware products advertise their products , from making false claims about their efficacy and froze assets in the hope that duped customers could be refunded .
2008 also saw other big successes against criminals .
In mid-November spam volumes around the world plummeted briefly following the closure of US network firm McColo .
Despite this , said Mr Hypponen , 2008 was a good year for the bad guys .
The successes , he said , came due to action by ISPs , other net bodies and the media rather than from the action of law enforcement agencies .
This was mainly due , he said , to the trans- national nature of hi-tech crime that made it very difficult to quickly carry out an investigation and make arrests .
" The vast majority of these cases do not seem to go anywhere , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
David Lammy does not want to be heavy - handed with teenagers
The UK's Intellectual Property minister David Lammy has said the government will not force internet service providers to pursue file sharers .
There had been mounting speculation about government legislation on the issue as the music industry steps up its fight against the pirates .
Other countries , such as France , have supported tough action on file - sharers , who the industry claims cost them dear .
But Mr Lammy said legislation would be too complex .
" We can't have a system where we 're talking about arresting teenagers in their bedrooms , " he told The Times newspaper .
Talk of the government forcing internet service providers to evict file - sharers from their networks grew last year as the British Phonographic Industry adopted a tougher stance .
The BPI , which represents the UK music industry , favours a " three strikes " policy , where file - sharers offenders are initially sent warning letters .
Persistent offenders could be thrown off the network .
True potential Feargal Sharkey thinks file - sharers would be prepared to pay While some ISPs , most notably Virgin Media , sent out initial warning letters , the rest of the BPI policy has yet to be firmed up .
According to analyst firm Forrester , a fifth of Europeans use file - sharing networks .
Paid - for digital music services such as iTunes are used by just 10 % and make up just 8 % of overall music revenue .
Feargal Sharkey , ex-pop star and now head of the pan-industry body UK Music , has said that he believes 80 % of file - sharers would be prepared to pay for a legitimate file - sharing service .
The challenge for the UK music industry was to find a way to " unlock the true potential of digital music " , he said at an industry talking shop at the beginning of the year .
Some experts predict that Lord Carter 's report on the state of Digital Britain , expected at the end of the month , to make recommendations about how to crack down on file - sharers without legislation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Riots and street battles are set to spread through Bulgaria , Romania and the Baltic states as inflation , unemployment and racism fuel tension , reports Jason Burke
Eastern Europe is heading for a violent " spring of discontent " , according to experts in the region who fear that the global economic downturn is generating a dangerous popular backlash on the streets .
Hit increasingly hard by the financial crisis , countries such as Bulgaria , Romania and the Baltic states face deep political destabilisation and social strife , as well as an increase in racial tension .
Last week protesters were tear - gassed as they threw rocks at police outside parliament in Vilnius , capital of Lithuania , in a protest against an austerity package including tax rises and benefit cuts .
In Sofia , Bulgaria , 150 people were arrested and at least 30 injured in widespread violence .
More than 100 were detained after street battles between security forces and demonstrators in the Latvian capital , Riga .
According to the most recent estimates , the economies of some eastern European countries , after posting double - digit growth for nearly a decade , will contract by up to 5 % this year , with inflation peaking at more than 13 % .
Many fear Romania , which joined the European Union with Bulgaria in 2007 , may be the next to suffer major breakdowns in public order .
" In a few months there will be people in the streets , that much is certain , " said Luca Niculescu , a media executive in Bucharest .
" Every day we hear about another factory shutting or moving overseas .
There is a new government that has not shown itself too effective .
We have got used to very high growth rates .
It 's an explosive cocktail . "
Major Romanian companies threatening massive job cuts include low - cost car - maker Dacia , where up to 4,000 posts could go if sales do not recover .
A spokeswoman for Renault , which owns Dacia , said such deep cuts would only be considered in a " catastrophic scenario " , but production in Romania has already been halted for two months after local demand plunged by more than half .
Other major companies have already announced plans to relocate , with one Japanese wire factory heading for Morocco .
Marius Oprea , security adviser to the last Romanian government , said the economic crisis would mean " serious problems for the middle class " .
He added : " There will be a fall in tax revenue which will lead to major problems for state budgets .
The numbers of state employees will also be cut right back and their salaries will be worth less and less . "
Another problem in Romania , as elsewhere in the region , is that many new middle - class house owners have taken out mortgages in euros .
With local currencies collapsing , repayment is becoming harder .
" We will try dialogue but if that does not work we will defend our members ' interest however we can , " said one Romanian trade unionist last week .
" We want to be part of the solution , not the problem , but the situation is very serious . "
Dr Jonathan Eyal , a regional specialist at the Royal United Services Institute thinktank in London , said eastern European countries were ill - equipped to deal with the impact of the global downturn and risked " social meltdown " .
" These are often fragile economies ... with brittle political structures , political parties that are not very well formed and weak institutions .
They are ill - prepared for what has hit them , " Eyal said .
" Last year it was the core western European countries which were shaky ; now it is the weaker periphery that are getting the full blast of the crisis . "
The reasons for last week 's unrest are varied .
Bulgarian students were protesting over the death of one of their number in an apparently random criminal attack , blaming the Socialist - led government for failing to ensure security .
They were joined by farmers angry at low prices for their produce and problems with EU subsidies often diverted by corrupt administrators .
Tensions have been exacerbated by the gas crisis , in which Bulgaria has suffered severe heating and power shortages since Moscow turned off the taps following a dispute with Ukraine .
" We are fed up with living in the poorest and most corrupt country , " the Sofia protest organisers said in a statement .
" This unique protest unites the people in their wish for change and their wish to live in a normal European country . "
In Latvia , years of strong economic growth have given way to recession , soaring inflation and rising unemployment .
Trust in the state 's authority and officials has fallen catastrophically , said President Valdis Zatlers last week , threatening to call snap elections .
Most of those arrested in last week 's disturbances in Riga have now been released .
According to security police chief Janis Reiniks , the detained were " jobless , workers , students and school children " and included " one [ person ] connected to the Latvian Democratic Party and one skinhead " .
Last year Latvia was forced to ask the International Monetary Fund for a £ 6.25 bn bail - out package , fuelling a jingoistic backlash against a perceived " national humiliation " .
Some eastern European states appear to be resisting better , however .
The Estonian government built up substantial currency reserves during years of rapid growth .
" Everyone knows this year is going to be very tough .
But in Riga and Vilnius they are exhausted and angry and have lost faith in their leaders ; that is not the case here , " said Raimo Poom , political editor of Tallinn - based newspaper Esti Paevaleht .
One fear is a rise in attacks on ethnic minorities .
The Czech Republic , also hit badly by the crisis , saw its worst street violence for years recently when 700 members of the far - right Workers '
Party clashed with 1,000 riot police in the town of Litvinov whenthey were prevented from marching into a mostly Roma area .
" The populist , nationalist political climate [ in eastern Europe ] is very conducive to anti-minority sentiment , " said Larry Olomoofe of the European Roma Rights Centre in Budapest .
The recent history of the region aggravates the crisis , say experts .
" You have people who were buoyed up through a very bad period after the collapse of the USSR , when their economies contracted by up to a third by a belief that joining the EU would bring them prosperity and stability , " Eyal said .
" It is that aspiration that has been disappointed and that is very destabilising . "
Europe 's flashpoints
Bulgaria
Population 7 million .
Troubled by corruption and political instability .
Dozens of people , including 14 police , injured during riots in Sofia last week .
Latvia
Population 2.2 million .
Centre - right government likely to call elections after riots over harsh conditions following IMF bail - out .
Lithuania
Population 3.5 million .
Street clashes and 86 arrests after 7,000 people attended a Vilnius rally called by trade unions to protest at public sector pay cuts , reduced social security payments , an increase in VAT and an end to tax breaks on medicine and home heating .
Estonia
Population 1.4 million .
So far calm , and government has more reserves of cash and public confidence than elsewhere , but a 3.5 % contraction in the economy in the third quarter of last year is likely to cause problems .
Support for the prime minister , Andrus Ansip , and his government is falling quickly .
Enlarge Science / AAAS
In a new study , researchers present 3 - D simulations of the formation of massive stars .
This snapshot from the simulation shows a polar view of a star 55,000 years into its evolution .
Obesity has apparently reached galactic proportions , apparently — even stars have a problem with over - eating , a stellar mystery that has astronomers asking how some stars grow to be so large .
A supercomputer scientist team may have the answer , in a demonstration of how nature can take something simple and make it complex .
About 7,500 light years away resides the star Eta Carinae , first noted in a star catalogue by the venerable astronomer Edmond Halley ( best known for Halley 's comet ) in 1677 .
Since then , the star has bedazzled astronomers by brightening every century or so , most notably in an 1843 outburst that briefly made it the brightest star in the sky , despite its distance ( one light year is about 5.9 trillion miles . )
To add to the mystery , the star is a porker , about 120 times heavier than the sun , embedded in a star - forming gas cloud called the Carina Nebula .
University of California , Berkeley , astronomer Nathan Smith proposed last year in the journal Nature that 1843 outburst arose from an explosion deep in the star that spat out a blob of star - stuff perhaps ten times as heavy as the sun .
The report counts the explosion as a newly - discovered mechanism for how gigantic stars , which only live a million years or so , start to break down prior to their final implosion ( the process that forms black holes . )
But that left the bigger mystery , which is how do stars like Eta Carinae get so big in the first place ?
" We see stars at least 120 times that of the Sun throughout space , but the mechanism by which the most massive stars form is a longstanding mystery , " says astronomer Mark Krumholz of the University of California , Santa Cruz .
Astronomers know that stars form by the clumping together of gas clouds .
These " proto - stars " ignite through nuclear fusion once they become about 80 times heavier than the planet Jupiter .
Stars are thereafter balancing acts , Krumholz explains , in which the inward pull of gravity from the center of a star fights against the outward " radiation pressure " from light and other electromagnetic radiation emitted by its nuclear furnace .
Where the push and pull of the two forces balance out , you have the surface of the star .
For astronomers , all this works out nicely to produce young stars up to about 20 times heavier than the sun .
But once the star grows larger , the math stops working and the radiation force pressure overwhelms the gravitational urge to pull in gas from outside the star .
" But still , we see them , so they must grow somehow , " Krumholz says .
So , to crack the mystery , he and his colleagues decided to grow their own super - massive star .
Inside a rented super - computer , they programmed the simplest start for one , a circular cloud of gas about 100 times the weight of the sun .
In the three - dimensional simulation , a first , the cloud collapsed into a circular disk and sparked a young star , which " grew " to 11 times the weight of the sun in 20,000 simulated years , just as theory predicted .
Past that point , things starting getting interesting .
First the disc surrounding the star grew spiral arms that helped shovel gas into its maw for another 6,000 years , until it grew to 17 times heftier than our sun .
At that point , the radiation pressure from the star began to out - battle the force of gravity .
But instead of pushing the disc gas away evenly , the radiation pressure blew out powerful " bubbles " along the axes of the star .
" Almost all gas falling onto the protostar struck the walls of the bubbles , where it was shocked and swept up into the bubble walls .
However , this did not slow accretion in our simulation , because the gas that struck the bubble walls eventually traveled along the margin until it reached the disk , at which point it continued to accrete onto the star , " reports the study released by the journal Science .
" The trick is to look at the star in three dimensions where you see these bubbles develop , " Krumholz says .
Avoiding any jokes about Alka - Seltzer , Krumholz and colleagues find the bubbles give the radiation pressure a way to escape , while letting the star continue to gobble up more star - forming stuff .
Interestingly , a second stars started to form in the gas disk as the process becomes more unbalanced with the strengthening of the radiation bubbles .
Why massive stars always have companions was another mystery , one the simulation thereby also cleared up , a two - fer for astronomy .
( A third star actually formed in the simulation , but that unfortunate orb fell back into its parent star . )
After about 57,000 years of simulated time , the researchers halted the star 's growth , finding it had quite burgeoned to about 70 times the mass of the sun .
" It ran for 40 days and 40 nights , when you add it up , " of expensive supercomputer time , Krumholz says .
So that mystery solved , the question of why super - massive stars top off at about 120 times the weight of the sun remains .
" The size of a star in our simulation is only limited by the size of the starting gas cloud , " Krumholz says .
He and others suspect some still - undiscovered mechanism starts knocking out interior explosions of star stuff , like those seen from Eta Carinae , once they reach the most overstuffed sizes , Krumholz says .
" You can lose mass in a hurry by spitting out 10 - solar - mass eruptions , after all . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Following up on my previous post , this is the second installment of Java Concurrency Bugs .
In this post , we ’ll look at bugs that come from synchronizing on the wrong object .
#1 : Do n’t synchronize on an object you ’re changing [ source : java ]
synchronized ( foo ) {
foo = …
}
[ / source ]
If you do this , then other threads will be synchronizing on a different object than the thread modifying foo .
And if those threads are synchronizing on different objects , then you ’re getting no mutual exclusion , which presumably was your intention .
# 2 : Do n’t synchronize on a String literal [ source : java ]
private static final String LOCK = “ LOCK ” ;
…
synchronized ( LOCK ) {
….
}
[ / source ]
This looks quite harmless and it may even work fine , but it ’s also dangerous .
All string literals are interned , so any other component or library in the JVM locking on another ( apparently different ) string literal “ LOCK ” will be sharing a lock with this code .
This problem does happen in the wild .
If you need an object to lock on and you do n’t have any other pre-existing object that makes sense , it ’s recommended to just use a new Object ( ) .
# 3 : Do n’t synchronize on auto - boxed values
The JLS requires that certain ranges of literals always return the same instance when boxed .
Thus locking on a boxed Integer ( 1 ) ( not a new Integer ( 1 ) ) will be locking against the same boxed Integer anyone else in the JVM could be using .
This is effectively the exact same scenario as # 2 – an innocuous - looking lock object could actually be the exact same instance used elsewhere , thus sharing a lock that should be separate .
# 4 : Do n’t synchronize on null
This should be a no - brainer but it can happen .
This one ’s easy to find though since you ’ll get an NPE .
# 5 : Do n’t synchronize on a Lock object
It ’s not that you ca n’t do this but it ’s more that it ’s probably not what you intended .
If you ’re synchronizing on a ReentrantLock instance , you probably really want to be calling Lock.lock ( ) instead .
# 6 : Do n’t synchronize on getClass ( )
In an inheritance hierarchy , it ’s possible to fall into the trap of calling getClass ( ) at one point in the hierarchy and believing that this means every class will be synchronizing on the same lock .
But if a lower class in the hierarchy runs across this code , you ’ll actually be locking on a different lock .
[ source : java ]
// BAD
synchronized ( getClass ( ) ) {
…
}
[ / source ]
Generally , you probably want something like this instead : [ source : java ]
synchronized ( Foo.class ) {
…
}
[ / source ]
# 7 : Be careful locking on a thread - safe object with encapsulated locking
It can be tempting to believe that locking on an object that is thread - safe will allow you to participate in the same lock .
And sometimes you ’ll be right .
But sometimes you wo n’t .
Unfortunately , the only way to tell is to read the docs and the code .
An example where this will work are the synchronized classes in java.util like Vector and Hashtable .
These collections lock internally on the “ this ” instance itself , thus allowing you to participate externally in that lock if you want .
But a class like ConcurrentHashMap does internal locking on objects that are not exposed externally , so it ’s not possible to participate in that lock .
It ’s important to know which situation you ’re dealing – if you ’re writing a class with encapsulated locking , this is a great thing to document .
Hope that was helpful .
If I missed something , let me know …
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Merle Haggard is not letting a bout with lung cancer get in the way of his ambitious touring and recording plans .
Country music star Merle Haggard is shown in this undated publicity photo released to Reuters December 31 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Pamela Springsteen / Handout
Seven weeks after the 71 - year - old country legend had a lemon - sized tumor removed in what he calls “ the greatest test of my fortitude , ” he said on Wednesday that he expects to work harder in 2009 than he has in 20 years .
Haggard says he is singing better now that he is in the throes of kicking his daily marijuana habit .
More importantly , the son of Depression - era Dust Bowl migrants from Oklahoma views himself as a cheerleader during tough times .
“ I think we can stir up some good humor out there among the folks that are crying for good news , and just give them a moment ’s happiness , ” he told Reuters .
Haggard will play his first concerts in a little over two months on Friday and Saturday in his central California hometown of Bakersfield .
They will be the first shows of his life where he has not loosened up before with either tobacco or marijuana , he said .
“ So it ’s gonna be interesting as to what kind of a show comes out of this body that ’s used to performing the other way . ”
Haggard , who once derided pot-smoking hippies in his 1969 hit “ Okie From Muskogee , ” got hooked on marijuana after a doctor said it was a good substitute for his Valium habit .
WOMEN’S PRISONS
He gave up a few times over the years , but “ nothing was funny , ” he said .
He quit again , four days before going under the knife on November 3 , and prays that he does not lose his creative mojo .
Doctors removed the upper lobe of his right lung , and Haggard said he does not require any radiation or chemotherapy .
With a clean bill of health , he is mapping out his 2009 itinerary and is eyeing some unusual venues , namely churches , hospitals and prisons .
“ Especially women ’s prisons , they get overlooked , ” he said .
“ We played a women ’s prison in Wyoming one time , and it was the greatest response I ’ve ever received in my life .
Forty women was all that were there , and 40 women cried when we left . ”
Haggard can relate to that crowd .
From the ages of 14 to 23 , he was in and out of institutions for various petty crimes .
He spent his 21st birthday behind bars at San Quentin State Prison , where he served nearly three years for burglary .
In 1959 , prisoner 45200 watched Johnny Cash perform there .
Haggard eventually found fame in the late 1960s with such chart - topping tunes as “ Branded Man , ” which was inspired by his fear that his criminal past would become public knowledge .
A follow - up ballad “ Sing Me Back Home ” was inspired by a San Quentin buddy who eventually was executed .
With 39 No. 1 hits to his credit , Haggard ranks alongside Cash , George Jones and Willie Nelson as a giant of country music .
But his elegantly crafted tunes have drawn from all musical genres , including , folk , pop , jazz , blues and rock .
Artists as diverse as the Grateful Dead , Elvis Costello , John Fogerty and Lynyrd Skynyrd have covered his compositions .
After spending much of the ‘ 80s and ‘ 90s in the commercial wilderness , he has hit his stride again with some acclaimed albums , most recently 2007 ’s “ The Bluegrass Sessions . ”
He has finished a double - disc set that combines studio recordings and live tracks , but has not yet decided how to release it .
Companies with whom Haggard has worked in recent years , including Los Angeles - based punk label Epitaph Records and Nashville - based McCoury Records , keep asking him for more material , “ so we ’re not without options , ” he said .
This land is their land .
HBO has been busy .
Not only did they pick a fight with the Obama Inaugural Committee over openly - gay Bishop Gene Robinson ( HBO censored Robinson ’s invocation , so no one will be seeing it ) , they ’ve been scouring the Internet to make sure no one sees evidence of yesterday ’s Obama inaugural event .
Yesterday , I posted a clip of Pete Seeger and Bruce Springsteen singing “ This Land is Your Land ” at the “ We Are One ” Obama inaugural concert .
Perhaps you ’ve heard of the concert – it ’s that amazing event down on the Mall set to kick off the inauguration of our next president .
But that song is HBO ’s song .
They took down my video claiming copyright infringement .
That ’s the spirit , HBO .
You own the inaugural concert at the Lincoln Memorial on the National Mall which is is officially part of the swearing in of our next president .
Nice .
I get that HBO has rights , but when they ’re broadcasting news — and the concert was news — they need to relax .
It ’s not like I copied one of their stupid shows ( and after “ The Sopranos ” and “ Sex and the City , ” most are pretty stupid . )
And , the Presidential Inaugural Committee should have thought through the concept of letting a corporation own Obama ’s inaugural concert .
Again , it was at the Lincoln Memorial on the National Mall and was an official event of the inauguration of our president .
We all own that , not HBO .
YouTube sent this email :
This is to notify you that we have removed or disabled access to the following material as a result of a third - party notification by Home Box Office , Inc. claiming that this material is infringing :
This is Your Land : ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-PCpRWqXv8)
Class act , HBO .
God forbid people get to see Pete Seeger sing “ This Land is Your Land . ”
And , does n’t this violate the spirit of the idea that corporate America does n’t own D.C. anymore ??
Ben Smith at Politico has more :
There is something a bit intuitively objectionable about barring other networks and random citizens from pointing their cameras at a public event like this on the Mall , and effectively prevent the broadcast of a key public part of the event , though the Inaugural Committee argues that selling the exclusive rights were the only way to pay for the extravaganza in tough economic times .
Here ’s the video of Bishop Robinson ’s invocation yesterday .
Let ’s see if HBO is truly dumb enough to have this taken down , after they censored the broadcast already .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWWAnitUCw4]
Calling this legislation " of the highest priority " for Congress , Speaker Nancy Pelosi this morning called for the House to pass the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act this week .
Calling the legislation " of the highest priority " for Congress , Speaker Nancy Pelosi this morning called on Congress to pass the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act and the Fair Pay Act tomorrow .
Pelosi argued on a call convened by the National Women ’s Law Center that fair pay legislation is critical not only for women and families but for the economic security of our nation .
The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act and the Paycheck Fairness
Act will be voted on by the House on Friday .
Lilly Ledbetter , whose wage discrimination case against Goodyear Tire
resulted in the Supreme Court decision that requires employees to file
pay discrimination lawsuits within six months of the first instance
of discrimination , despite company policies that forbid employees from
comparing salaries , said that companies now know that they ca n’t be
held accountable for pay discrimination " if they do it for long enough
and cover it up well enough . "
The Ledbetter Act seeks only to restore the right to a new filing period as each discriminatory paycheck is received .
The Paycheck Fairness
Act , meanwhile , would bolster existing equal pay legislation , prohibiting employer retaliation when wage discrimination claims are filed and enabling plaintiffs to recover compensatory and punitive damages .
Speaker Pelosi predicted that both would be approved by the House tomorrow .
Rep. George Miller said gaps in pay fair protections cost women millions in diminished Social Security and pension payments , and makes health care insurance more expensive .
Women are losing jobs at a faster rate than men , Rep. Rosa DeLauro pointed out , saying the economic crisis " has put women on the edge financially . "
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Rep. DeLauro said that the Senate was looking for floor time to consider the bills next week .
The members of Congress expressed hope that the fair pay bills would be among the first President - elect Obama would sign upon taking office .
Mr Putin suggested that some protectionism would become inevitable
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has told the Davos economic forum it is dangerous for the world to over - rely on the dollar as its reserve currency .
He called for a range of reserve currencies and said he envisaged the emergence of several strong regional currencies in the future .
He advised against isolationism and state economic control as ways out of a " perfect storm " in the world economy .
And he warned against military spending as a way to boost economic growth .
Mr Putin , who became prime minister last year after two presidential terms which saw rapid economic growth in Russia , was addressing the World Economic Forum on its first full day of business .
" Excessive dependence on what is essentially the only reserve currency is dangerous for the world economy , therefore it would be expedient to encourage an objective process for the emergence of several strong regional currencies in the future , " he said .
Countries issuing such currencies should , he argued , show more policy openness .
The US dollar continues to dominate official foreign exchange reserves , accounting for 63.9 % in 2007 compared with 25.5 % for the euro and 4.7 % for sterling .
Mr Putin said some protectionism might be inevitable amid a global crisis but he urged against " isolationism and unrestrained economic selfishness " .
He said that Russia opposed spending more money on defence as a way to boost economic growth , as this only aggravated the problem .
Russia 's prime minister also called for a return to " balanced " world energy prices and a new international legal framework for energy security .
He wished US President Barack Obama 's new team " success " , hoping for constructive co-operation between Washington and Moscow .
This high - resolution map of microwave light emitted only 380,000 years after the Big Bang defines our universe more precisely than ever before .
The eagerly - awaited results from the orbiting Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe resolve several long - standing disagreements in cosmology ( Image : WMAP Science Team / NASA )
FOR most of us the universe is unimaginably vast .
But not for cosmologists .
They feel decidedly hemmed in .
No matter how big they build their telescopes , they can only see so far before hitting a wall .
Approximately 45 billion light years away lies the cosmic horizon , the ultimate barrier because light beyond it has not had time to reach us .
So here we are , stuck inside our patch of universe , wondering what lies beyond and resigned to that fact we may never know .
The best we can hope for , through some combination of luck and vigilance , is to spot a crack in the structure of things , a possible window to that hidden place beyond the edge of the universe .
Now Sasha Kashlinsky believes he has stumbled upon such a window .
Kashlinsky , a senior staff scientist at NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , has been studying how rebellious clusters of galaxies move against the backdrop of expanding space .
He and colleagues have clocked galaxy clusters racing at up to 1000 kilometres per second – far faster than our best understanding of cosmology allows .
Stranger still , every cluster seems to be rushing toward a small patch of sky between the constellations of Centaurus and Vela .
Kashlinsky and his team claim that their observation represents the first clues to what lies beyond the cosmic horizon .
Finding out …
Joel Salatin is a farmer at the forefront of the trend toward local food and grass - fed meat .
Many people first became familiar with Salatin ’s complex and eco-minded approach to farming when he was featured in Michael Pollan ’s bestselling book , The Omnivore ’s Dilemma .
But Salatin also is well known within pasture - based farming and libertarian circles .
He ’s especially vocal about government regulations that make life difficult for the small farmer — his most recent book is titled Everything I Want to Do is Illegal .
He ’s also the author of You Can Farm and Holy Cows and Hog Heaven ( excerpted here in Mother Earth News ) .
Salatin kindly agreed to answer some questions for us about Polyface Farms .
Hold onto your hat !
Here are Salatin ’s candid thoughts on government regulations , high grain prices , vegetarians and making money at farming .
Tell us a little bit about Polyface Farm .
We ’re located eight miles southwest of Staunton , Va. , in the Shenandoah Valley on 550 acres ( 100 open and 450 forest ) .
We also lease four farms , totaling an additional 900 acres of pasture .
We sell “ salad bar ” ( grass - fed ) beef ; “ pigaerator ” pork ; pastured poultry , both broilers and turkeys ; pastured eggs and forage - based rabbits .
Your livestock and poultry are grass - fed , and your farm is “ beyond organic . ”
Do you find people are familiar with those terms ?
More and more people are aware of the compromise and adulteration within the government - sanctioned organic certified community .
Weary of 6,000 - hen confinement laying houses with 3 feet dirt strip being labeled “ certified organic , ” patrons latch onto the “ beyond organic ” idea .
It resonates with their disappointment over the government program .
When Horizon battles Cornucopia , for instance , to keep its organic - certified industrial - scale dairies , consumer confidence falls .
Intuitively , people understand that the historical use of the word “ organic ” identified an idea and a paradigm rather than a visceral list of dos and don’ts .
And now that the high prices have attracted unscrupulous growers who enter the movement for the money , people realize that no system can regulate integrity .
That is why we have a 24 hour a day , 7 day a week , 365 day a year open - door policy .
Anyone is welcome to visit at anytime to see anything , anywhere .
Integrity can only be assured with this level of transparency .
When someone asks if we ’re certified organic , we respond playfully : “ Why would we want to stop there ?
We go beyond organic . ”
That response generally leads to an info - dense discussion and people come away with renewed awareness , rather than just another case of hardening of the categories .
How has the public ’s attitude toward your products changed in the last few years ?
Do you find it easier to sell grass - fed meat now ?
Public awareness is definitely up .
In the 1970s when I was selling grass - finished beef and pastured poultry , nobody had even heard of the word “ organic , ” much less “ grass finished . ”
Now , thanks to New York Times bestselling authors like Jo Robinson and Michael Pollan , the awareness is huge .
The market limitations are primarily twofold .
One is the supply .
The artistry and choreography required to move animals around on palatable pasture year - round in any given bio-region takes years to learn .
This is not cookie - cutter rations formulated from annuals stored in a big grain bin .
The producer deals with on - farm variables such as seasonality , wet , dry , hot , cold , genetic physiology , minerals and a host of others .
Beyond that , the Food Safety and Inspection Service has successfully annihilated most community - based , appropriately sized abattoirs ( slaughterhouses ) and criminalized on - farm processing .
This is by far the major impediment to the local integrity of food .
That ’s all on the production / processing end .
The second market limitation has to do with entry - level requirements for major marketing channels .
From liability insurance to net - 90 - day payment to slotting fees , large buyers share a Wall - Street business mentality .
That mentality aggressively shuns competition , especially from little innovators .
But every time industrial food hiccups with recalls and more diseases , another wave of opt-outers hits the local , integrity food scene .
Exciting times .
On Being a Farmer
When did you decide you wanted to be a farmer ?
As early as I can remember , I ’ve wanted to be a farmer .
I love growing things .
I appreciate the emotional steadiness of animals .
Every day when I go to move the cow herd , they are glad to see me .
The pigs always come over to talk .
None of these critters ever asks you to fill out licenses or threatens litigation .
They never talk behind your back or conspire to overthrow you .
And to watch the land heal , with ever - growing mounds of earthworm castings , is better than any video .
Indeed , walking through a dew - speckled pasture in the early morning after a blessed nighttime thunderstorm , the ground literally covered with copulating earthworms — what could be more magical than that ?
I had my own laying hen flock at 10 years old , pedaling eggs on my bicycle to neighbors , selling them to families in church .
The fast - paced , frenzied urban life disconnected from the ponds , the trees and the pasture never held much allure for me .
Go away ?
Why ?
Where ?
I think I was planted here .
I think God tends my soul here .
It ’s not for everyone , but it satiates my soul with wonder and gratitude .
What ’s changed about your philosophy of farming over the years ?
Like all geezers , I ’ve learned a lot just through experience .
Because I ’m a third generation - Christian - libertarian - environmentalist - capitalist lunatic I do n’t have a conversion epiphany to share .
I ’ve just always been weird .
Initially , I thought I would need to work off - farm to stay here , and I learned that was n’t true .
I encourage young people to follow their passion and go ahead and jump .
If you wait until all the stars line up , you ’ll never do it .
In recent years , I ’d say my biggest change has been regarding economies of scale and marketing realities .
Twenty years ago my vision for the food system in Virginia was thousands of little mom and pop farms like ours serving their neighbors .
I no longer think that is viable for two reasons .
First , urban centers would be hard pressed to grow all their own food within their communities .
Second , most farmers are marketing Neanderthals .
Either they really do n’t want to be around people , or they do n’t know how to interact with them .
A successful marketer needs to be a bit theatrical ; a storyteller , schmoozer , gregarious type .
And that ’s not typical , especially among John Deere jockeys .
What ’s the answer ?
I do n’t know , but what I ’ve come up with is what I call food clusters .
These require production , processing , marketing , accounting , distribution and customers — these six components make a whole .
The cluster can be farmer - driven , customer - driven , even distribution - driven initially .
But once these six components are in place , it can micro-duplicate the industrial on a bio-regional or foodshed scale , which includes urban centers .
I think a local integrity food system could supplant the opaque industrial one in Virginia , but realistically it would comprise several hundred or a thousand $ 5 - $ 10 million food clusters rather than several thousand mom and pop $ 100,000 fully - integrated enterprises .
I certainly never thought our farm would top $ 1 million in annual sales , but it happened .
We still have no business plan or marketing targets .
But we ’ve been blessed with a family of enough variety to put together these six foundations for a whole , and that has made all the difference .
And I ’m a schmoozer .
What are some of the biggest challenges you ’ve faced as a farmer ?
Anyone familiar with me would have to smile at this question , knowing that my answer would be and continues to be the food police .
The on - farm hurdles we ’ve faced , from drought to predators to flood to cash flow , are nothing compared to the emotional , economic and energy drain caused by government bureaucrats .
Even in the early 1970s when , as a young teen , I operated a farm stand at the curb market , precursor of today ’s farmers markets , the government said I could n’t sell milk .
The first business plan I came up with to become a full - time farmer centered around milking 10 cows and selling the milk to neighbors at regular retail supermarket prices .
It would have been a nice living .
But it ’s illegal .
In fact , in 2007 I finally wrote Everything I Want to Do is Illegal , documenting my run-ins with government officials .
- Advertisement -
I think it ’s amazing that in a country which promotes the freedom to own firearms , freedom to worship and freedom of speech , we do n’t have the freedom to choose our own food .
If I ca n’t choose the proper fuel to feed my body , I wo n’t have energy to go shoot , preach and pray anyway .
Half the alleged food in the supermarket is really dangerous to your health .
In fact , if we removed all the food items in the supermarket that would not have been available before 1900 , the shelves would be bare .
Gone would be all the unpronounceable gobbledy - syllabic industrial additives , irradiated , GMO , cloned pseudo - food .
The reason this issue is hard to articulate is because most people do n’t realize what ’s not on the shelves , or in their diet .
We ’re fast losing the memory of heritage food , as in made from scratch , in the home kitchen , with culture - wide generic culinary wisdom .
I remember when every mom knew how to cut up a chicken .
Now , most people do n’t know a chicken has bones .
As the food police have demonized and criminalized neighbor - to - neighbor food commerce , the food system has become enslaved by the industrial food fraternity .
And just around the corner is the National Animal Identification System ( NAIS ) coming on strong , under the guise of food safety and biosecurity , which will annihilate thousands of non-industrial farms .
We do n’t need programs ; we need freedom .
If we really had freedom , farmers like me would run circles around the corporate - welfare , food adulterated , land - abusing industrial farms .
Thinking About Meat
What are some of the things you want people to know about the meat they buy from you ?
What should we all know about the meat we eat ?
The main idea we promote is that our animals enjoy a habitat that allows them to fully express their physiological distinctiveness .
I like to say we want our pigs to express their pigness and the chickens their chickenness .
The industrial food system views plants and animals as inanimate protoplasmic structure to be manipulated , however cleverly the human mind can conceive to manipulate it .
I would suggest that a society that views its life from that egocentric , disrespectful , manipulative standpoint will view its citizenry the same way . . . and other cultures .
How we respect and honor the least of these creates the ethical , moral framework on which we honor and respect the greatest of these .
The freedom for you to express your Tomness or Maryness is directly proportional to the value society places on the pig expressing its pigness .
And to think that our tax dollars are being spent right now to isolate the porcine stress gene in order to extract it from pig DNA so that we can further abuse and dishonor pigs , but at least they wo n’t care .
Is that the kind of moral framework on which a civilized society rests ?
I suggest not .
This fundamental understanding drives our production models .
Herbivores in nature do not eat dead cows , chicken manure , dead chickens , grain or silage :
They eat fresh or dried forage .
Of course , what ’s neat is that empirical data is discovering the nutritional and ecological benefits of this paradigm .
We ’re reading about Omega 3 and Omega 6 balance , conjugated linoleic acid , polyunsaturated fats and riboflavin .
Whenever a new laboratory confirmation of our philosophy hits the news , we make sure our patrons know about it .
In a word , this is all about healing : healing our bodies , healing our economies , healing our communities , healing our families , healing the landscape , healing the earthworms .
If it ’s not healing , it ’s not appropriate .
Perhaps because it ’s such a hot topic , let me address the cow - global warming argument .
Every bit of the alleged science linking methane and cows to global warming is predicated on annual cropping , feedlots and herbivore abuse .
It all crumbles if the production model becomes like our mob-stocking - herbivorous - solar - conversion - lignified - carbon - sequestration fertilization .
America has traded 73 million bison requiring no petroleum , machinery or fertilizer for 45 million beef cattle , and we think we ’re efficient .
Here at Polyface , we practice biomimicry and have returned to those lush , high organic matter production models of the native herbivores .
If every cow producer in the country would use this model , in less than 10 years we would sequester all the carbon that ’s been emitted since the beginning of the industrial age .
It ’s really that simple .
Without question , grass - finished , mob -stocked beef is the most efficacious way to heal the planet .
We should drastically drop our chicken and pork consumption and return to our indigenous , climate - appropriate protein source : perennial forages turned into red meat and milk .
Do vegetarians ever challenge you about raising meat ?
If so , what do you say in response ?
I will answer this in two parts .
The first has to do with the people who think a fly is a chicken is a child is a cat — what I call the cult of animal worship .
This would include the people who think we ’ve evolved beyond the barbaric practice of killing animals to some cosmic nirvana state where killing is a thing of the past .
Rather than indicating a new state of evolutionary connectedness , it actually shows a devolutionary state of disconnectedness .
A Bambi-ized culture in which the only human - animal connection is a pet soon devolves into jaundiced foolishness .
This philosophical and nutritional foray into a supposed brave new world is really a duplicitous experiment into the anti-indigenous .
This is why we enjoy having our patrons come out and see the animals slaughtered .
Actually , the 7 - to 12 - year old children have no problem slitting throats while their parents cower inside their Prius listening to “ All Things Considered . ”
Who is really facing life here ?
The chickens do n’t talk or sign petitions .
We honor them in life , which is the only way we earn the right to ask them to feed us — like the mutual respect that occurs between the cape buffalo and the lion .
To these people , I do n’t argue .
This is a religion and I pretty much leave it alone .
The second part of this answer deals with folks who do n’t eat meat in order to vote against animal abuse , concentrated animal feeding operations , or pathogenicity .
And to be sure , many of these folks have bought into the environmental degradation inherent in livestock farming .
To these people , Polyface is a ray of hope .
I could write a book about the patrons who have come to us at death ’s doorstep because they needed meat , and we ’ve watched them heal .
To be sure , not everyone needs meat , and those who do have varying levels of need .
And when people find out that grass - based livestock offer the most efficacious approach to planetary health , their guilt gives way to compensatory indulgence .
After all , they have to make up for lost time , and routinely become our best customers .
Their emaciated vegetarian faces fill out , their strength improves and they are happier .
Sometimes the easiest thing to do is to just give them a Weston A. Price Foundation brochure .
We keep them in our sales building like religious tracts .
Oops .
All About the Farm
How have you been affected ( or not affected ) by the recent increase in grain prices ?
This depends on which species we ’re talking about .
Let ’s start with the poultry .
Broilers will pick up only 15 percent of their diet off the pasture ; layers 20 percent ; turkeys 30 percent or more .
Since birds are omnivores , they can’t survive on grass alone .
Waterfowl jump on up to more than 50 percent .
We ’ve watched our local genetically modified - free grains double in price over the last 24 months .
In response , we ’ve raised our chicken and egg prices about 25 percent .
Grain is only a portion of the cost , so all we have to do is raise the price enough to compensate for the grain .
The amount required to cover these exceptionally high grain prices only amounts to less than $ 2 per bird .
A family buying 50 chickens a year would only pay an additional $ 100 to cover all the additional feed costs .
Of course , the industrial food poultry giants say they can’t pass along these costs to their customers .
I do n’t know why , but I think it has to do with the idea that people will only pay so much for junk .
Typically , hogs are similar to chickens , but here at Polyface we ’re making an end run by finishing pigs on acorns .
Just in the nick of time , we discovered an efficient , cheap way to fence out sections of forest with electric fence .
Using quarter - inch nylon rope as poor - boy insulators , we zig - zag a single 12.5 gauge Tipper Tie aluminum wire from tree to tree and erect three - to five - acre finishing glens .
In our native Appalachian oak forests , each acre displaces $ 500 worth of grain .
That translates to about $ 50 per hog in expense , which is enormous .
It has allowed us to keep our hog prices fairly stable even with the huge increase in grain prices .
We put the pigs in for one month and remove them for 11 to rest and to let the next acorn crop fall .
It actually helps the trees , because the pigs root out competing brush and brambles for their starchy roots , in effect weeding the woodlot .
All parties win .
Very exciting .
And if you think about the millions of acres of forests and realize that they could displace tilled , petroleum - based , subsidized , annual grain cropland , you begin to see the potential of this model .
Finally , salad bar beef .
This is the most exciting , because it is completely immune to grain prices .
It requires no tillage , no fertilizer , no feed transportation or drying costs .
It runs on real time solar energy , self - harvesting with four - wheel drive self - propelled sauerkraut tanks .
At Polyface , we believe we ’ve become the least - cost producer in an artisanal market , which pushes the gross margin both ways .
That ’s pretty cool .
As a result , we have not raised our beef prices at all , and are watching with great satisfaction the squirming and postulating within the feedlot industry .
They do n’t need any bailouts .
Let them die .
To place all of this in historical context , we should all realize that until cheap energy , beef was always the cheapest meat while pork and poultry were the luxuries — especially poultry .
When President Roosevelt said his vision for America included “ a chicken in every pot , ” he was talking about today ’s filet mignon .
With cheap fuel , cheap grain , cheap labor and cheap pharmaceuticals came cheap poultry .
In the continuum of human history , poultry - cheaper - than - beef is a veritable blip .
For nutritional , environmental and social reasons , I think it would be fine for the historical beef - poultry relationship to be restored .
And most things do eventually find a way of coming home .
Describe some of the ways you sell your products .
You ’ve made it a general principle not to ship anything , but there are several ways you sell products locally .
We have three marketing venues : farmgate , restaurant / retail and metropolitan buying clubs .
For the farmgate sales , we send out a newsletter once a year , in the spring , and patrons order for the season from that schedule .
We used to sell everything that way , but with frenzied schedules and gas prices , resistance to driving out to the farm started becoming an issue .
We live way out in the boonies on a dirt road where the only time you have to lock your car is in August to keep the neighbors from putting runaway zucchini squash in it .
This still accounts for 30 percent of our sales .
We have public hours , 9 to 4 every Saturday , and that allows us to serve the non-ordering people without sales interruptions throughout the week .
Our simple sales building contains scales , freezers and counters to handle these customers .
Restaurant / retail we lump together because we deliver to them on Thursdays and Fridays every week and they pay about the same prices — a bit of a volume discount .
A delivery fee per pound and scaled to volume pays for a vehicle and driver .
Several nearby cheese , produce , mushroom and honey growers add their wares to our delivery bus and that helps the distribution economies of scale .
We service about 25 upscale restaurants and about 10 retail venues , primarily specialty foodie - type businesses .
My daughter - in - law , Sheri , calls these patrons on Tuesday for that week ’s orders .
Several restaurants in Washington , D.C. , use an independent courier to come to the farm and deliver their orders .
Among these restaurants is one fast - food establishment : the Charlottesville branch of the national Chipotle chain .
This has been a huge undertaking for both of us , but heralds a new awareness of local and ecologically sound food .
These venues account for 30 percent of our sales .
The metropolitan buying clubs grew serendipitously out of quarterly farmgate sales from three Maryland patrons who asked us to deliver to their area for all their friends who would not make the trek to the farm .
This has grown to 20 drop points and we deliver to them eight times per year .
The same delivery driver and infrastructure that services the restaurants services these patrons .
They order via electronic shopping cart ( www.polyfaceyum.com ) .
Each drop point must average an annual sales quota and patrons are rewarded with free product for bringing in new customers .
This venue provides neighborhood service , low overhead and complete inventory shopping options .
We do n’t deal with farmers market commissions , rules , product speculation or politics .
It ’s the ultimate marketing below the radar and keeps us out of the supermarket , with its slotting fees , red tape and tardy invoice payments .
This venue now accounts for 40 percent of our annual sales .
We hope to add an additional venue in the next few months : Sysco via abattoir .
In the summer of 2008 , we ( my wife Teresa and I ) along with a partner purchased our local federal - inspected abattoir , T&E Meats , in Harrisonburg , Va. Institutional demand for local , humane and ecological products is growing , but vending contracts preclude purchasing outside large distributor channels .
For example , University of Virginia contracts its dining services to Aramark , which contracts its food vending to Sysco .
But Sysco requires $ 3 million liability insurance , hold harmless agreements and other forms before purchasing from anyone .
This is a serious impediment to local producers .
Having acquired this abattoir , however , we hope to use its high product liability policy as a backdoor entry into the institutional market .
Stay tuned .
You ’ve done a lot of work encouraging other people to learn to farm through your books and your apprenticeship program .
What are some of the challenges you think that new farmers will have to face ?
The first and greatest challenge is experience — how to do more with less and how to solve problems creatively rather than with something purchased .
Land is more available now than it has been in decades .
With half of America ’s farmland due to change hands in the next 15 years due to the aging farmer , a lot of this land will be available for management at extremely modest cost , owned by family members who are n’t ready to sell , or by new e-boom buyers able to afford to buy .
In any case , the weak link will be a track record and experience to take a piece of raw land and make it profitable .
I think the opportunities are practically unprecedented .
We had an apprentice leave two years ago and within three months had offers for 1,000 acres to manage in New York — at virtually no cost except to use it and keep it aesthetically and aromatically romantic .
That ’s what healing farming is all about , and why it has so much possibility .
What landlord wants a Tyson chicken house built on their farm ?
But all of them love a pastoral setting , especially being able to entertain their city business partners with grass - finished steaks on the porch overlooking your herd of cows .
The problem is that our culture tells bright , bushy - tailed young people that farming is for backward , D - student , tobacco - chewing , trip - over - the - transmission - in - the - front - yard , redneck Bubbas .
When was the last time you heard a group of parents bragging ?
Ever hear one say , “ Well , you can have your doctors , lawyers , accountants and engineers .
My kid is going to grow up and be a farmer . ”
Ever hear that ?
Not on your life .
The biggest obstacle is emotional — overcoming the cultural prejudice against splinters and blisters .
That is why I talk about economics and marketing , along with the mystical , artistic elements of the farm .
Yes , it ’s a lot of work .
But what a great office .
What a noble life .
What a sacred calling .
Megan E. Phelps is a freelance writer based in Kansas .
She enjoys reading and writing about all things related to sustainable living including homesteading skills , green building and renewable energy .
You can find her on Google +.
Iceland 's Early Election Prime Minister Steps Down amid Violent Protests
Icelandic Prime Minister Geir Haarde on Friday called early elections following violent protests on the streets of Reykjavik .
Meanwhile , Europe 's top politicians are on edge following clashes in Bulgaria , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary and Greece .
Just in case you have n't found it yet , there 's a ton of content in Papiamento online here , which seems to be the YouTube account for a tv station in Curaçao :
The Past Tense
Short sentences :
The Past Tense
Short sentences :
The Past Tense
Short sentences :
Wikipedia , ta un proyekto di komunidat ku e meta pa krea un ensiklopedia , den tur idioma , riba internèt .
E Wikipedia na papiamentu te ainda tin 311 artíkulo .
E proyekto akí ta habrí , esei ta nifiká ku tur hende por kontribuí na e proyekto akí .
Aktualmente nos ta buskando hende ku den nan tempu liber por traha artíkulo i asina kontribuí na e Wikipedia na papiamentu .
Tambe por tradusí artíkulo for di un otro idioma den wikipedia na papiamentu .
E Wikipedia na papiamentu ta ofisial desde 26 di mart 2006 .
Gobiernu di Korsou a tuma e desishon ayera pa sondea posibil
Basically , Papiamentu is a creole composed of a lot of Portuguese , some Spanish ( but since the two languages are so similar it 's often impossible to tell if a word has come from one or the other ) and some Dutch as well , since Curaçao , Aruba and Bonaire are officially a part of the Netherlands .
Since it 's a creole that means its vocabulary is mostly from these languages but the grammar is ridiculously easy in comparison , making Papiamento the language you wish you had had to learn in high school instead of Spanish : Most verbs are conjugated by means of the word : ( present tense ) This is in fact an abbreviation of the Spanish Present Participle : EstarI am - Mi taYou are - Bo taHe is She is It is - E taWe are - Nos taYou are - Boso taThey are - Nan taI was / I have been =
Mi tawataI am glad =
Mi ta contentoI am happy =
Mi ta felizI go =
Mi ta bayto go = bayI have - Mi tinYou have - Bo tinHe has She has It has - E tinWe have - Nos tinYou have - Boso tinThey have - Nan tinI had / I have had =
Mi tawata tinI have money =
Mi tin placamoney = placaI can - Mi porYou can - Bo porHe can She can
It can - E porWe can - Nos porYou can - Boso porThey can - Nan porI could / I could have =
Mi tawata porI can dance =
Mi por bailato dance = bailaWell , that was easy .
One other good thing about Papiamento is that it 's located in a stable part of the world with a relatively good economy , unlike some other creoles like in Haiti , the Solomon Islands , and so on .
It also has a nice mix of both Romance and Germanic languages , and for us Idists it 's nice because it looks a lot like Ido .
Here 's an example from the main page on their Wikipedia : Back to the main subject : there 's a ton of content in Papiamento online at that channel , including such videos as these : ALCALA - CENTRO PRO ARTE ( something about the government coming to a decision to make the art centre possible ) and : JULIEN LOPES RAMIRES DROGA 2007 Duana a konfiská un total di 723 kilo droga den 2007 i 9000 ( this one 's about a drug raid ) They also have an official website here I plan to do another " compare language X to Latin " with Papiamento to see how much it could appeal to the Latin revivalist movement , and with a comparison to Ido as well to see which is closer .
“ DEWEY is charming , lovely , and moving .
It ’s about life and death and small - town values and , above all , love . ” — Peter Gethers , author of The Cat Who Went to Paris
The two new carriers would be the biggest in Royal Navy history The Royal Navy 's two new aircraft carriers are likely to enter service a year or two later than planned , Defence Secretary John Hutton has announced .
In a statement to MPs , he added there would be no delay in construction - but work would continue at a slower pace , sustaining jobs for longer .
The £ 4bn shipbuilding project is due to begin next spring .
The announcement affects shipyards in Appledore , in north Devon , Portsmouth , Barrow - in - Furness , Glasgow and Rosyth .
' Workforce stability ' Mr Hutton said : " We have concluded that there is scope for bringing more closely into line the introduction of the Joint Combat Aircraft and the aircraft carrier .
This is likely to mean delaying the in - service date of the new carriers by one to two years .
" We are in close consultation with the Aircraft Carrier Alliance on how this might best be done .
Construction is already under way and will continue .
" The programme will still provide stability for the core shipyard workforce , including 10,000 UK jobs . "
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme MP cautious over carriers delay
The MOD 's budgetary pressures Glasgow South West MP Ian Davidson said that spinning out the order would mean continuing work for the shipyards .
Mr Davidson said : " The good news is that the biggest naval order since the Second World War will remain in place .
" The better news in my view is that the order is going to be spun out , which means that the yards will be in work longer . "
But Scottish National Party MSP Nicola Sturgeon , whose Govan constituency includes some of the shipyards due to build the aircraft carriers , called on the government to pledge there would be no job losses .
She said : " These contracts were supposed to be signed , sealed and ready to be delivered .
" I will be in contact with John Hutton to secure a guarantee that there will be no delay in starting these contracts and that no gap will be allowed to appear in the contracts for Govan , Scotstoun or Rosyth . "
Plymouth MP Linda Gilroy said shipyard workers in north Devon should be put at ease by the announcement over the carriers ' future .
She said : " This is a question of slowdown , of perhaps delaying the second carrier and slowing down the first one .
" I do n't think Appledore need worry too much about its part in that . "
This delay to the carrier programme is a disgraceful breach of trust
Angus Robertson
SNP defence spokesman Des Browne gave the green light for the construction of HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales in May , when he was defence secretary .
Contracts worth about £ 3.2 bn were signed in July .
' Financial chaos ' BBC defence correspondent Caroline Wyatt said the government did not view cancelling major defence projects as an option , but considered delays as a way of controlling the Ministry of Defence 's ( MoD ) spiralling budget .
Liberal Democrat MP
Mike Hancock , a member of the Commons Defence Committee , said the MoD was in financial " chaos " .
Meanwhile , hundreds of jobs in Somerset are to be secured due to a new government order for 62 Future Lynx helicopters from Agusta Westland , BBC West has learned .
An immediate contract will also be awarded to upgrade existing Lynx helicopters to prepare them for battlefield sites such as Afghanistan .
The order , worth £ 1bn , has been delayed for more than two years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This still does n't answer my question - if a tree falls in the woods and no one is there does it make a sound ?
Relatively sure it 's social conditioning because pink , a derivative of red , used to be considered a " masculine " color up until and possibly including the Victorian era .
Girls were typically dressed in blue because it was a soft , comforting color .
Also , as an artist , I was taught color theory in school .
A basic breakdown for color use is that blue is soothing , red is angry or bold , green is growth , and yellow is agitating .
I 'm talking about when used in art , what those colors symbolize emotionally .
And it 's the same in advertising , actually , which very carefully selects colors for products that reflect those meanings .
It 's interesting that we 've pushed pink so heavily onto girls , and I "m curious what the impetus was .
Why the colors were so drastically shifted in terms of their gender association .
The truth is most little kids prefer blue unless they 're told not be ... because it is a soothing color .
Personally , I detested pink for a long , long , long time because I was told I must be a boy because I liked blue .
I like certain pinks now that I 'm older and no longer hold a childish grunge against a color .
Lichtenberg figures are branching structures formed by an electrical discharge on or inside of an insulator .
The structures take their name from Georg Christoph Lichtenberg , the physicist who discovered and studied them .
Although you can make your own Lichtenberg figure using polyethylene sheets and talcum powder , there is an easier method you may wish to try .
Lichtenberg Figure Materials
Sharp metal object ( e.g. , awl )
Insulator ( e.g. , sheet of acrylic )
Photocopier toner
Make a Lichtenberg Figure
Dr James Hansen .
Photograph : AP Photos / The Daily Iowan / Melanie Patterson
Barack Obama has only four years to save the world .
That is the stark assessment of Nasa scientist and leading climate expert Jim Hansen who last week warned only urgent action by the new president could halt the devastating climate change that now threatens Earth .
Crucially , that action will have to be taken within Obama 's first administration , he added .
Soaring carbon emissions are already causing ice - cap melting and threaten to trigger global flooding , widespread species loss and major disruptions of weather patterns in the near future .
" We can not afford to put off change any longer , " said Hansen .
" We have to get on a new path within this new administration .
We have only four years left for Obama to set an example to the rest of the world .
America must take the lead . "
Hansen said current carbon levels in the atmosphere were already too high to prevent runaway greenhouse warming .
Yet the levels are still rising despite all the efforts of politicians and scientists .
Only the US now had the political muscle to lead the world and halt the rise , Hansen said .
Having refused to recognise that global warming posed any risk at all over the past eight years , the US now had to take a lead as the world 's greatest carbon emitter and the planet 's largest economy .
Cap - and - trade schemes , in which emission permits are bought and sold , have failed , he said , and must now be replaced by a carbon tax that will imposed on all producers of fossil fuels .
At the same time , there must be a moratorium on new power plants that burn coal - the world 's worst carbon emitter .
Hansen - head of the Goddard Institute of Space Studies and winner of the WWF 's top conservation award - first warned Earth was in danger from climate change in 1988 and has been the victim of several unsuccessful attempts by the White House administration of George Bush to silence his views .
Hansen 's institute monitors temperature fluctuations at thousands of sites round the world , data that has led him to conclude that most estimates of sea level rises triggered by rising atmospheric temperatures are too low and too conservative .
For example , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says a rise of between 20 cm and 60 cm can be expected by the end of the century .
However , Hansen said feedbacks in the climate system are already accelerating ice melt and are threatening to lead to the collapse of ice sheets .
Sea - level rises will therefore be far greater - a claim backed last week by a group of British , Danish and Finnish scientists who said studies of past variations in climate indicate that a far more likely figure for sea - level rise will be about 1.4 metres , enough to cause devastating flooding of many of the world 's major cities and of low - lying areas of Holland , Bangladesh and other nations .
As a result of his fears about sea - level rise , Hansen said he had pressed both Britain 's Royal Society and the US National Academy of Sciences to carry out an urgent investigation of the state of the planet 's ice - caps .
However , nothing had come of his proposals .
The first task of Obama 's new climate office should therefore be to order such a probe " as a matter of urgency " , Hansen added .
Many of us were saddened to hear of Gary Gygax 's passing earlier this year , partially because so many of us had grown up playing the man 's creations and partially because we were simply mourning the loss of a truly decent human being .
Many gamers obviously felt the same way , because a charity auction held at GenCon this year ended up raising over $ 17,000 in his memory .
However , in a rather surprising turn of events , the charity that was originally selected to receive this money ended up declining the group 's offer .
Gygax 's favorite charity , the Christian Children 's Fund , was the initial choice to donate the money to , but the group ended up passing on the offer .
As a result , the money was instead donated to the Fisher House , a group that helps people live near hospitalized family members .
When a member of Giant in the Playground 's community asked the Children 's Fund why they refused the donation , he received the following reply :
" Christian Children 's Fund made the decision to decline the gift from
Gen Con , LLC as the request presented to us gave the appearance that
CCF ( the organization ) was an endorser or supporter of a gaming
convention , which CCF was not .
As many non-profit organizations , CCF is
selective in its endorsements or support in order to maintain the
integrity of its name and logo .
We cannot lend our name to an event for
which we have no involvement .
This decision should in no way be
interpreted as CCF holding an opinion on Mr. Gygax , gaming enthusiasts
or the game Dungeons and Dragons . "
While the Children 's Fund could very well have meant no insult to the Dungeons & Dragons community , it unfortunately comes across that way : a Christian charity refusing money associated with the D&D franchise immediately smacks of the religious criticisms that have been leveled against the game for years .
Post by SifuF » Fri Dec 26 , 2008 1:15 pm
Analogue C buttons
Hello everyone .
Merry Christmas .
A present for you all ... The Nintendo Sixtyfree Lite - RVacuum formed from 2 mm sheet polystyrene .
Features include : Dual 3D sticks , D - Pad , L button , headphone socket and expansion pack !
The build .
The N64 was trimmed down to approximately half of its original size .
The cartridge slot is soldered directly to pins of the RCP .
Then the Psone LCD controller was cut to the same size as the LCDA bit of rewiring and ...
All crammed inHeatsinks attached !!
The screens controls are integral of the D - Pad .
While the start button is held down , Up / down control the volume and left / right control the brightness .
Release the start button and it reverts back to controlling the n64.
I originally made the C buttons analogue by using an LED bargraph circuit to inject square waves of different frequencies into the digital inputs .
The frequency would increase as you pushed the potentiometer which would achieve the same result as rapidly tapping the button .
But , I left this out of the final design because I was n't happy with the result .
The side straf in Goldeneye moves at a different rate to the ' look up / down ' function and this made the stick feel somewhat inaccurate .
If I have time , I may make a guide for anyone who wishes to attempt it .
So the C stick is digital and registers a button press about halfway in each direction .
There are no internal batteries !
Absolutely no room .
But it plays fine with an infolithium clipped to the back or any 7.2 v supply .
Thanks for viewing , SifuF
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. researchers may have found an obesity treatment that unlocks the fat - fighting promise of leptin , an appetite - suppressing hormone once hailed as the answer to the battle of the bulge .
The problem with leptin is that it loses its power in obese people , but a team at Harvard Medical School may have found a way around that problem , they reported on Tuesday .
They said fat mice treated with two drugs already approved for use in humans overcame leptin resistance , raising hopes once again for leptin as a treatment for obesity .
“ We are very excited to see what will happen in humans , ” said Dr. Umut Ozcan of Children ’s Hospital Boston and Harvard Medical School , whose study appears in the journal Cell Metabolism .
“ If it works , this can be a treatment for obesity , ” Ozcan said in a telephone interview .
The discovery of leptin in 1995 raised hopes for a natural weight loss tonic .
Obese mice that lacked leptin lost weight on the stuff .
But in obese humans , leptin only brought temporary success .
Ozcan said most people who are obese develop leptin resistance , in which the brain stops responding to the hormone ’s message to stop eating .
His team found that brain cells of obese mice have increased stress in the endoplasmic reticulum or ER -- a structure within the cells where proteins are assembled .
In obesity , this structure becomes overwhelmed and stops working properly , and begins to block incoming chemical signals .
“ This organelle gets stressed or angry .
It starts to send signals to say , ‘ Look , I ’m exhausted . ’
These signals are called unfolded protein response , ” Ozcan said .
After showing that this stress blocks the leptin response , Ozcan ’s team set about trying re-sensitize the brain to leptin by reducing the ER stress .
The researchers tried two existing drugs -- 4 - phenyl butyric acid or PBA , which treats cystic fibrosis , and tauroursodeoxycholic acid or TUDCA , which treats a liver disease .
Both act as ER stress reducers .
First they gave either of the two drugs to obese mice fed a high - fat diet , then injected them with leptin .
“ We have seen significant weight loss in these mice , ” Ozcan said .
“ Reduction of ER stress makes the mice sensitive to the leptin , which is bringing new hope for the treatment of obesity , ” he said .
The next step is to try the drugs in humans .
“ We hope it will work , ” he said .
Obesity is a growing global problem , with 1.8 billion people estimated to be overweight or obese in 2007 .
Drugs marketed so far to fight obesity have only limited success and , often , severe side - effects .
I 'm one of those users who has been using Vista with no problems ever since Microsoft gave out RTM copies to beta testers .
However , as a writer , I 've watched the media completely destroy the public opinion of Vista , leading many to stick with Windows XP or to look for alternatives , even before they had tried Vista .
Even with SP1 out , many have not bothered trying Vista on recent hardware and therefore could not realize the fact that it really is worthy of being XP 's successor .
If I had to lay the blame on one party for Vista 's poor public opinion , I would n't lay it on Microsoft , I would n't lay it on hardware companies incapable of producing good drivers , I would n't lay it on the fact that XP is so good , I would lay it on the media for blowing things out of proportions .
Yes , the problem is exaggeration ( it 's in this article 's title too , in case you missed it ) ; bloggers and journalists alike use their personal experiences to prove their point in their writing .
The blame does n't solely lie with us , as Vista was by no means perfect , but we did manage to amplify the problems beyond reason .
And if the beta is anything to go by , Windows 7 is going to fly .
This is , by far , the best beta operating system the software giant has ever released .
The media has locked on to this , and is using exaggeration already , before Windows 7 is even ready for prime time .
Here are two examples :
Those type of headlines were nowhere to be seen when Vista was in beta , or even after it was released .
Regardless of what you think of Windows 7 , chances are you know it 's not going to steal significant market share from Mac and Linux .
That 's not because Microsoft sucks , it 's because more people are becoming aware that there are alternatives , and some fraction of them are trying them out .
If one percent of those who learn about the alternatives switch , that 's still a significant number in the grand scheme of things .
Do I think that some will switch back to Windows when Windows 7 is released ?
Yes .
That is , assuming that things keep going the way they 're going .
Most importantly though , many will use some combination of the three different operating systems , and that 's really what is great : being able to take advantage of every operating system 's pros .
But what I 'm really getting at here is that bloggers know this is the best beta operating system Microsoft has ever released .
They know Microsoft is really doing it right this time .
They know that if they post a positive article on Windows 7 , they 'll get a lot more positive feedback , because even at beta , that 's the general consensus : Windows 7 is good .
A friend asked me the other day : " Yo , what 's Windows 7 ?
Ive only heard good things about it so far , and I want it . "
Of course , I explained to him that it's not yet ready and that he should n't get his hopes up , but then I showed him the beta anyway .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israeli forces have evicted about 200 Jewish settlers from a disputed building in the mainly Palestinian West Bank city of Hebron .
Israeli television footage showed police dragging settlers out of the building .
Hundreds of officers were involved in the operation .
The settlers had refused to leave the house , after the Israeli Supreme Court authorised the army to remove them .
Settlers later attacked the Israeli security forces and Palestinians .
Clashes
The operation to remove the settlers was over in about 20 minutes , said Israeli army spokeswoman Major Avital Leibovitz .
Soldiers and police formed a barrier around the building to prevent settlers from moving back in .
About 30 settlers suffered minor injuries , while three policemen were hurt by settlers , who threw rocks and food at them .
Israeli media reports said that a police officer had acid sprayed in his face .
Settlers later set fire to Palestinian cars and property .
Eight Palestinians were hurt , some by gunshot wounds .
Four settlers were later arrested , with more than 20 of their supporters in Jerusalem taken into custody .
Earlier , Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak met the settlers .
The operation follows days of stone - throwing clashes between the settlers and Palestinians .
Hundreds of supporters and activists flocked to the area to show their solidarity with the settlers .
Israeli defence officials have expressed fears the Hebron tensions will spill to other areas of the Israeli - occupied West Bank .
Legal wrangle Ownership of the building , known by the settlers as the " house of peace " , is in dispute .
The settlers say that they bought the house from its Palestinian owner for nearly $ 1 m ( £ 660,000 ) , but the owner says he pulled out of the deal .
It took several soldiers to remove each settler from the house The Israeli Supreme Court ordered the building to be cleared of its occupiers until another court could decide who owned it .
Mr Barak said the building would be handed over to the guardianship of the Israeli military until the dispute was resolved .
Settlers denounced the military action .
" This could have been done peacefully and legally .
Instead Barak chose violence , " said Danny Dayan , leader of the Yesha settler council .
" This surprised us completely .
He threw a match in a pile of gun powder . "
But legislator Avshalom Vilan , a member of the Meretz - Yahad party , defended the evictions as a victory for justice .
" This was a test for the rule of law and it shows there is one law for everybody for people in Hebron , Tel Aviv and everywhere , " he said .
It was the most significant fight between hard - line settlers and the Jewish state in three years , says the BBC's Tim Franks near the scene .
The house is in a strategically important position between Hebron 's Jewish settlements and an important religious site sacred to both Jews and Muslims , says the BBC's James Stephenson in Jerusalem .
About 600 Jewish settlers live in the city , with several thousand more in surrounding settlements .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Holocaust Denial Debate German Jews Cut Contact with Catholic Church
Charlotte Knobloch , head of the Central Council of Jews in Germany , said on Thursday that she was severing contact with the Catholic Church .
Her move stems from the pope 's decision to void the excommunication of Holocaust denier Bishop Richard Williamson .
IAF pilots killed three senior Hamas terrorists on Sunday who were responsible for long - range missile attacks on Be'er Sheva , Ofakim and elsewhere .
Israel Air Force fighter pilots killed three senior Hamas terrorists on Sunday in a targeted air strike at midday in the southern Gaza town of Khan Yunis - very near the former Jewish town of N'vei Dekalim .
Hussam Hamdan , one of the three terrorist commanders killed in the strike , was in charge of launching the recent Grad - type Katyusha rocket attacks on the Negev cities of Be'er Sheva and Ofakim .
A second terrorist , Muhammad Hilo , was head of the Hamas Special Forces in Khan Yunis .
No rockets have struck Be'er Sheva or Ofakim since ground troops entered Gaza on Saturday night in phase two of Operation Cast Lead .
The third terrorist , Muhammad Shalpoch , was killed in a targeted air strike Sunday afternoon in the northern Gaza town of Jebaliya .
Shalpoch was a member of the Hamas ' commando forces and was involved in rocket launching attacks .
The IAF attacks were carried out with the assistance of the Israel Security Agency , ( Shin Bet ) , Israel 's domestic intelligence agency .
The IDF killed at least 50 terrorists , according to local sources in Gaza , as well as an undetermined number of civilians who were unavoidably caught in the crossfire .
IDF troops are reportedly conducting house - to - house searches for wanted terrorists and smugglers ' tunnels , and fighting is reported to be heavy .
The IAF attacked over 15 sites , including rocket - launching sites and squads , armed guerrilla fighters and a smugglers ' tunnel .
As of 5:00 p.m. Sunday , 29 Israeli soldiers were hospitalized with moderate to severe injuries .
Some of the injuries are related to the cold conditions .
The wounded include an officer who was listed in critical condition .
His family has been notified .
A second soldier died Sunday morning of the mortal wounds he sustained in the same mortar attack on Saturday night .
Messi is Barca legend .
We cannot keep him at the club if he wants to leave
41.07 %
Of course , one might say , there are certain kinds of problems that lend themselves to huge collaborations .
One has only to think of the proof of the classification of finite simple groups , or of a rather different kind of example such as a search for a new largest prime carried out during the downtime of thousands of PCs around the world .
But my question is a different one .
What about the solving of a problem that does not naturally split up into a vast number of subtasks ?
Are such problems best tackled by people for some that belongs to the set ?
( Examples of famous papers with four authors do not count as an interesting answer to this question . )
It seems to me that , at least in theory , a different model could work : different , that is , from the usual model of people working in isolation or collaborating with one or two others .
Suppose one had a forum ( in the non-technical sense , but quite possibly in the technical sense as well ) for the online discussion of a particular problem .
The idea would be that anybody who had anything whatsoever to say about the problem could chip in .
And the ethos of the forum — in whatever form it took — would be that comments would mostly be kept short .
In other words , what you would not tend to do , at least if you wanted to keep within the spirit of things , is spend a month thinking hard about the problem and then come back and write ten pages about it .
Rather , you would contribute ideas even if they were undeveloped and / or likely to be wrong .
This suggestion raises several questions immediately .
First of all , what would be the advantage of proceeding in this way ?
My answer is that I do n’t know for sure that there would be an advantage .
However , I can see the following potential advantages .
( i) Sometimes luck is needed to have the idea that solves a problem .
If lots of people think about a problem , then just on probabilistic grounds there is more chance that one of them will have that bit of luck .
( ii ) Furthermore , we do n’t have to confine ourselves to a purely probabilistic argument : different people know different things , so the knowledge that a large group can bring to bear on a problem is significantly greater than the knowledge that one or two individuals will have .
This is not just knowledge of different areas of mathematics , but also the rather harder to describe knowledge of particular little tricks that work well for certain types of subproblem , or the kind of expertise that might enable someone to say , “ That idea that you thought was a bit speculative is rather similar to a technique used to solve such - and - such a problem , so it might well have a chance of working , ” or “ The lemma you suggested trying to prove is known to be false , ” and so on — the type of thing that one can take weeks or months to discover if one is working on one ’s own .
( iii ) Different people have different characteristics when it comes to research .
Some like to throw out ideas , others to criticize them , others to work out details , others to re-explain ideas in a different language , others to formulate different but related problems , others to step back from a big muddle of ideas and fashion some more coherent picture out of them , and so on .
A hugely collaborative project would make it possible for people to specialize .
For example , if you are interested in the problem and like having slightly wild ideas but are less keen on the detailed work of testing those ideas , then you can just suggest the ideas and hope that others will find them interesting enough to test or otherwise respond to .
In short , if a large group of mathematicians could connect their brains efficiently , they could perhaps solve problems very efficiently as well .
The next obvious question is this .
Why would anyone agree to share their ideas ?
Surely we work on problems in order to be able to publish solutions and get credit for them .
And what if the big collaboration resulted in a very good idea ?
Is n’t there a danger that somebody would manage to use the idea to solve the problem and rush to ( individual ) publication ?
Here is where the beauty of blogs , wikis , forums etc. comes in : they are completely public , as is their entire history .
To see what effect this might have , imagine that a problem was being solved via comments on a blog post .
Suppose that the blog was pretty active and that the post was getting several interesting comments .
And suppose that you had an idea that you thought might be a good one .
Instead of the usual reaction of being afraid to share it in case someone else beat you to the solution , you would be afraid not to share it in case someone beat you to that particular idea .
And if the problem eventually got solved , and published under some pseudonym like Polymath , say , with a footnote linking to the blog and explaining how the problem had been solved , then anybody could go to the blog and look at all the comments .
And there they would find your idea and would know precisely what you had contributed .
There might be arguments about which ideas had proved to be most important to the solution , but at least all the evidence would be there for everybody to look at .
True , it might be quite hard to say on your CV , “ I had an idea that proved essential to Polymath ’s solution of the *** problem , ” but if you made significant contributions to several collaborative projects of this kind , then you might well start to earn a reputation amongst people who read mathematical blogs , and that is likely to count for something .
( Even if it does n’t count for all that much now , it is likely to become increasingly important . )
And it might not be as hard as all that to put it on your CV : you could think of yourself as a joint author , with the added advantage that people could find out exactly what you had contributed .
And what about the person who tries to cut and run when the project is 85 % finished ?
Well , it might happen , but everyone would know that they had done it .
The referee of the paper would , one hopes , say , “ Erm , should you not credit Polymath for your crucial Lemma 13 ? ”
And that would be rather an embarrassing thing to have to do .
Now I do n’t believe that this approach to problem solving is likely to be good for everything .
For example , it seems highly unlikely that one could persuade lots of people to share good ideas about the Riemann hypothesis .
At the other end of the scale , it seems unlikely that anybody would bother to contribute to the solution of a very minor and specialized problem .
Nevertheless , I think there is a middle ground that might well be worth exploring , so as an experiment I am going to suggest a problem and see what happens .
I think it is important to do more than just say what the problem is .
In order to try to get something started , I shall describe a very preliminary idea I once had for solving a problem that interests me ( and several other people ) greatly , but that is n’t the holy grail of my area .
Like many mathematical ideas , mine runs up against a brick wall fairly quickly .
However , like many brick walls , this one does n’t quite prove that the approach is completely hopeless — just that it definitely needs a new idea .
It may be that somebody will almost instantly be able to persuade me that the idea is completely hopeless .
But that would be great — I could stop thinking about it .
And if that happens I ’ll dig out another idea for a different problem and try that instead .
It ’s probably best to keep this post separate from the actual mathematics , so that comments about collaborative problem - solving in general do n’t get mixed up with mathematical thoughts about the particular problem I have in mind .
So I ’ll describe the project in my next post .
Actually , make that my next post but one .
The next post will say what the problem is and give enough background information about it to make it possible for anybody with a modest knowledge of combinatorics ( or more than a modest knowledge ) to think about it and understand my preliminary idea .
The following post will explain what that preliminary idea is , and where it runs into difficulties .
Then it will be over to you , or rather over to us .
I ’ve already written the background - information post , but will hold it back for a few days in case the responses to this post affect how I decide to do things .
The blog medium is almost certainly not optimal for this purpose , so if a serious discussion starts with lots of worthwhile contributions , then I ’ll look into the possibility of migrating it over to some purpose - built site .
If anyone has any suggestions for this ( apart from the obvious one of using the Tricki — I ’m not sure that ’s appropriate just yet though ) then I ’d be delighted to receive them .
My feelings at the moment are that blogs are too linear — it would be quite hard to see which comments relate to which , which ones are most worth reading , and so on .
A wiki , on the other hand , seems not to be linear enough — it would be quite hard to see what order the comments come in .
So my guess is that the ideal forum would probably be a forum : if someone knows an easy way to set up a mathematical forum , I might even do that .
But if the discussion is on this blog , then I might from time to time try to assess where it has got to and create new posts if I feel that genuine progress has been made that can be summarized and then built on .
I ’ve been thinking of doing this for a long time .
The reason I ’ve suddenly decided to go ahead is that I followed a couple of links from this post on Michael Nielsen ’s blog , and discovered that , unsurprisingly , others have had similar ideas , and some people are already doing research in public .
But the idea still seems pretty new , particularly when applied to one single mathematics problem , so I wanted to try it out when it was still fresh .
( I would distinguish what I am proposing from what goes on at the n-category café , which is an excellent example of collaborative mathematics , but focused on an entire research programme rather than just one problem . )
To finish , here is a set of ground rules that I hope it will be possible to abide by .
At this stage I ’m just guessing what will work , so these rules are subject to change .
If you can see obvious flaws let me know .
1 . The aim will be to produce a proof in a top - down manner .
Thus , at least to start with , comments should be short and not too technical : they would be more like feasibility studies of various ideas .
2. Comments should be as easy to understand as is humanly possible .
For a truly collaborative project it is not enough to have a good idea : you have to express it in such a way that others can build on it .
3 . When you do research , you are more likely to succeed if you try out lots of stupid ideas .
Similarly , stupid comments are welcome here .
( In the sense in which I am using “ stupid ” , it means something completely different from “ unintelligent ” .
It just means not fully thought through . )
4 . If you can see why somebody else ’s comment is stupid , point it out in a polite way .
And if someone points out that your comment is stupid , do not take offence : better to have had five stupid ideas than no ideas at all .
And if somebody wrongly points out that your idea is stupid , it is even more important not to take offence : just explain gently why their dismissal of your idea is itself stupid .
5 . Do n’t actually use the word “ stupid ” , except perhaps of yourself .
6 . The ideal outcome would be a solution of the problem with no single individual having to think all that hard .
The hard thought would be done by a sort of super - mathematician whose brain is distributed amongst bits of the brains of lots of interlinked people .
So try to resist the temptation to go away and think about something and come back with carefully polished thoughts : just give quick reactions to what you read and hope that the conversation will develop in good directions .
7 . If you are convinced that you could answer a question , but it would just need a couple of weeks to go away and try a few things out , then still resist the temptation to do that .
Instead , explain briefly , but as precisely as you can , why you think it is feasible to answer the question and see if the collective approach gets to the answer more quickly .
( The hope is that every big idea can be broken down into a sequence of small ideas .
The job of any individual collaborator is to have these small ideas until the big idea becomes obvious — and therefore just a small addition to what has gone before . )
Only go off on your own if there is a general consensus that that is what you should do .
8 . Similarly , suppose that somebody has an imprecise idea and you think that you can write out a fully precise version .
This could be extremely valuable to the project , but do n’t rush ahead and do it .
First , announce in a comment what you think you can do .
If the responses to your comment suggest that others would welcome a fully detailed proof of some substatement , then write a further comment with a fully motivated explanation of what it is you can prove , and give a link to a pdf file that contains the proof .
9 . Actual technical work , as described in 8 , will mainly be of use if it can be treated as a module .
That is , one would ideally like the result to be a short statement that others can use without understanding its proof .
10 . Keep the discussion focused .
For instance , if the project concerns a particular approach to a particular problem ( as it will do at first ) , and it causes you to think of a completely different approach to that problem , or of a possible way of solving a different problem , then by all means mention this , but do n’t disappear down a different track .
11 . However , if the different track seems to be particularly fruitful , then it would perhaps be OK to suggest it , and if there is widespread agreement that it would in fact be a good idea to abandon the original project ( possibly temporarily ) and pursue a new one — a kind of decision that individual mathematicians make all the time — then that is permissible .
12 . Suppose the experiment actually results in something publishable .
Even if only a very small number of people contribute the lion ’s share of the ideas , the paper will still be submitted under a collective pseudonym with a link to the entire online discussion .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Of course men should love women for who they are , au naturel .
But there ’s a reason why ancient tallow and kohl residues pop up on archaeological digs — makeup draws the attention of men .
This is something of a given , but French psychologist Nicolas Gueguen ( who also researched men ’s unconscious behavior after thinking about love ) has found empirical evidence that men — at least on an unconscious level — are more attracted to painted ladies .
Gueguen recruited two women in their early twenties to go to bars for sixty sessions on twenty nights , and sit at a free table near where they were highly visible .
The women either wore makeup or not — and when they did , they applied to it to their eyes , cheeks , and lips .
Observing the women were members of Gueguen ’s research team , who counted the number of men that approached the girls and the minutes lapsed before and between approaches .
The results ?
Although men approached the women in every session , the come-ons were more frequent when women wore makeup .
It took less time for men to make a pass at the women ( an average of 17 min vs. 23 min ) , and more men approached the women per hour ( a mean of 2.0 vs 1.5 ) .
What draws guys to lipsticked mouths and darkened eyes ?
There may be several reasons .
As I discuss in BLONDES , makeup simulates high - estrogen qualities that peak at the time of a woman ’s cycle when she ’s most likely to conceive .
Eyes appear wider , lips plumper , features appear more symmetrical .
Moreover , made - up women with high - contrast features catch the eye ( just as blond hair does ) .
And just as women who dye their hair blonde may appear to desire attention , so do women with makeup .
Men might assume , at least subconsciously , that it ’s a attention - seeking cue ( “ look at me ! ” ) — and as a result be more attracted .
And it may be a virtuous feedback loop : the more confident a woman feels in her own skin , albeit under a few layers of macquillage , the more attention she seeks — and the more attention she gets .
American passengers on the Titanic managed to get off the sinking cruise liner in time because they pushed their way into lifeboats , while their fellow British passengers politely queued , a Brisbane researcher has found .
Queensland University of Technology behavioural economist David Savage studied four maritime disasters of the 20th century to determine how people reacted in situations of life and death .
Using the key concepts of economics , being scarcity and self - interest , Mr Savage examined whether people reverted to a " survival of the fittest " mentality when faced with possible death .
Atheism and anti-theism so often occur together at the same time and in the same person that it 's understandable if many people fail to realize that they are n't the same .
Making note of the difference is important , however , because not every atheist is anti-theistic and even those who are , are n't anti-theistic all the time .
Atheism is simply the absence of belief in gods ; anti-theism is a conscious and deliberate opposition to theism .
Many atheists are also anti-theists , but not all and not always .
Atheism and Indifference
When defined broadly as simply the absence of belief in gods , atheism covers territory that is n't quite compatible with anti-theism .
People who are indifferent to the existence of alleged gods are atheists because they do n't believe in the existence of any gods , but at the same time , this indifference prevents them from being anti-theists as well .
To a degree , this describes many if not most atheists because there are plenty of alleged gods they simply do n't care about and , therefore , they also do n't care enough to attack belief in such gods .
Atheistic indifference towards not only theism but also religion is relatively common and would probably be standard if religious theists were n't so active in proselytizing and expecting privileges for themselves , their beliefs , and their institutions .
When defined narrowly as denying the existence of gods , the compatibility between atheism and anti-theism may appear more likely .
If a person cares enough to deny that gods exist , then perhaps they care enough to attack belief in gods as well — but not always .
Lots of people will deny that elves or fairies exist , but how many of these same people also attack belief in such creatures ?
If we want to limit ourselves to just religious contexts , we can say the same about angels : there are far more people who reject angels than who reject gods , but how many nonbelievers in angels attack the belief in angels ?
How many a - angel - ists are also anti-angel - ists ?
Of course , we also do n't have people proselytizing on behalf of elves , fairies , or angels very much and we certainly do n't have believers arguing that they and their beliefs should be privileged very much .
It 's thus only to be expected that most of those who deny the existence of such beings are also relatively indifferent towards those who do believe .
Anti-theism and Activism
Anti -theism requires more than either merely disbelieving in gods or even denying the existence of gods .
Anti-theism requires a couple of specific and additional beliefs : first , that theism is harmful to the believer , harmful to society , harmful to politics , harmful , to culture , etc. ; second , that theism can and should be countered in order to reduce the harm it causes .
If a person believes these things , then they will likely be an anti-theist who works against theism by arguing that it be abandoned , promoting alternatives , or perhaps even supporting measures to suppress it .
It 's worth noting here that , however , unlikely it may be in practice , it 's possible in theory for a theist to be an anti-theist .
This may sound bizarre at first , but remember that some people have argued in favor of promoting false beliefs if they are socially useful .
Religious theism itself has been just such a belief , with some people arguing that because religious theism promotes morality and order it should be encouraged regardless whether it is true or not .
Utility is placed above truth - value .
It also happens occasionally that people make the same argument in reverse : that even though something is true , believing it is harmful or dangerous and should be discouraged .
The government does this all the time with things it would rather people not know about .
In theory , it 's possible for someone to believe ( or even know ) that but also believe that theism is harmful in some manner — for example , by causing people to fail to take responsibility for their own actions or by encouraging immoral behavior .
In such a situation , the theist would also be an anti-theist .
Although such a situation is incredibly unlikely to occur , it serves the purpose of underscoring the difference between atheism and anti-theism .
Disbelief in gods does n't automatically lead to opposition to theism any more than opposition to theism needs to be based on disbelief in gods .
This also helps tell us why differentiating between them is important : rational atheism cannot be based on anti-theism and rational anti-theism cannot be based on atheism .
If a person wishes to be a rational atheist , they must do so on the basis of something other than simply thinking theism is harmful ; if a person wishes to be a rational anti-theist , they must find a basis other than simply not believing that theism is true or reasonable .
Rational atheism may be based on many things : lack of evidence from theists , arguments which prove that god-concepts are self - contradictory , the existence of evil in the world , etc.
Rational atheism cannot , however , be based solely on the idea that theism is harmful because even something that 's harmful may be true .
Not everything that 's true about the universe is good for us , though .
Rational anti-theism may be based on a belief in one of many possible harms which theism could do ; it cannot , however , be based solely on the idea that theism is false .
Not all false beliefs are necessarily harmful and even those that are are n't necessarily worth fighting .
P2P VPN implementation currently without any encryption .
Supports Windows and Unix variants .
Features include :
Simple NAT Traversal using UDP ( similar to STUN , not the same ) .
Automatic address assignment to new peers
Emulates a LAN between machines
Note : Scurry currently has no encryption layer or authentication mechanism at all .
Also , the packet switching is currently implemented using Data .
List.lookup as opposed to something more appropriate .
This really is n't much of a problem until you hit hundreds or thousands of peers .
Requires a TAP - Win32 driver to run in Windows .
Requires the tun module to be loaded to run in Linux ( expects / dev / net / tun ) .
Wall Street ’s Great Heist of 2008
1 November 2008
The Wall Street Journal published a front - page article Friday reporting that the nine biggest US banks , which have received a combined $ 125 billion in taxpayer funds as part of the $ 700 billion bailout authored by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and passed by the Democratic Congress , owed their executives more than $ 40 billion for recent years ’ compensation and pensions as of the end of 2007 .
This means that nearly a third of the public funds given to these banks will ultimately be used to increase the private fortunes of a handful of multimillionaire Wall Street executives .
This revelation , the result of an analysis of the banks ’ corporate reports by the American financial elite ’s own chief organ , provides a stark exposure of the social interests that are being served by the government bailout .
More generally , it provides an instructive insight into class relations in America .
It has already been widely reported that the banks are refusing to use their government windfalls to resume lending to other banks , businesses and consumers — the ostensible purpose of the cash injections — and are , instead , hoarding the money for the purpose of acquiring smaller and weaker banks .
The so - called economic rescue plan is , in fact , a plan to effect a rapid consolidation of the US banking system , resulting in the domination of the economy by a few mega - banks , which will be free to set interest rates and lending standards as they see fit .
Far from opposing this development , Treasury Secretary Paulson and the Federal Reserve Board are encouraging it .
They deliberately designed the bailout to place no restrictions on how the banks use their taxpayer money and then enacted changes in the tax code to give banks acquiring other banks a huge tax break .
( See : “ The ‘ dirty little secret ’ of the US bank bailout ” )
As the Journal explains , the minimal restrictions on future executive compensation stipulated in the bailout bill do not affect deferred payments to executives accumulated over previous years .
Since such deferred payment accounts are commonplace in the banking industry and are the preferred means by which top executives build up nest eggs in the hundreds of millions of dollars , those who are primarily responsible for the financial disaster and , in many cases , the ruin of their own companies , will emerge from the crisis richer than ever .
As the Journal puts it : “ The deferred - compensation programs for executives are like 401 ( k ) plans on steroids . ”
At some of the banks that have received government handouts , the newspaper notes , the total amounts previously incurred and owed to their executives exceed what they owe in pensions to their entire work forces .
The newspaper notes that at Goldman Sachs , formerly headed by Paulson , “ the $ 11.8 billion obligation primarily for deferred executive compensation dwarfed the liability for its broad - based pension plan for all employees .
That was just $ 399 million . ”
Goldman received $ 10 billion of the $ 125 billion doled out to the biggest banks .
JPMorgan Chase , which was granted $ 25 billion , owes its top officers $ 8.5 billion .
Citigroup , another $ 25 billion recipient , owes $ 5 billion , and Morgan Stanley , which got $ 10 billion in taxpayer money , is in debt to its top executives to the tune of $ 10 to $ 12 billion .
A separate article in the same issue of the Journal amplifies this picture of parasitism and criminality .
Headlined “ Securities Firms Tackle Pay Issue , ” it deals with discussions among the top executives of Wall Street firms such as Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch over the advisability of paring down their traditional multimillion - dollar year - end bonuses in the face of growing public outrage .
The article notes that since the start of 2002 , Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , Merrill Lynch , Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns have paid a total of $ 312 billion in compensation and benefits .
It estimates that these firms have also paid out $ 187 billion in bonuses , for a grand total of $ 499 billion .
Much of this staggering sum — more than five - and - a - half times the total income of the firms — has gone to the top echelon of executives .
The latter three firms have either disappeared or are in the process of being taken over .
Bear Stearns was bought out by JPMorgan Chase last March in a deal subsidized by the government in the amount of $ 29 billion ; Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy in September , and Merrill Lynch has agreed to sell itself to Bank of America in a government - brokered agreement .
While the bank executives were awarding themselves tens of millions in salaries and bonuses , their companies were being run into the ground .
Since the start of 2007 , for example , Merrill Lynch has had net losses of nearly $ 20 billion , or virtually all of the profits it made from 2003 to 2006 .
CEO John
Thain took in $ 83 million in 2007 .
Now , thousands of Merrill employees are being laid off to cut $ 7 billion in costs as part of the takeover by Bank of America .
The events of the past two months have brought into sharper focus the naked power exercised by the American financial aristocracy over society and the state .
All of the various schemes devised in response to the near - collapse of the financial system have had one thing in common : they proceed from the need to uphold the interests of the most powerful banks and the richest of the rich .
The combination of impotence , servility and duplicity of Congress and its Democratic leadership is being mercilessly exposed .
Charles Schumer , the Democratic chairman of the Joint Economic Committee , said this week in regard to the banks ’ refusal to use the government money to extend new loans , “ There ’s not much we can do other than jawbone . ”
Christopher Dodd , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , blustered , “ The intent here certainly was n’t for healthy banks to buy healthy banks — it ’s infuriating . ”
Dodd , it would seem , is shocked to learn that the bailout plan he adamantly supported is being used to serve the narrow self - interest of the bankers .
Even if one makes the implausible assumption that this veteran of Washington politics and favorite of Wall Street is not being disingenuous , that does not alter the fact of his utter prostration before the real power brokers in America .
Nothing is permissible that impinges on the basic prerogatives of the financial oligarchy , no matter the cost to the American people .
On critical matters regarding the class interests of the ruling elite , the people have no say .
There is a ruling class in America .
The administration , Congress , the courts — all of the agencies of the state — are , behind the trappings of democracy , instruments of its domination .
Barry Grey
Mark Shuttleworth is looking forward to a good , clean netbook fight with Microsoft following the release of Windows 7 .
Speaking with The Reg , the founder of popular Linux distro Ubuntu and chief executive of Canonical called Windows 7 a great operating system .
Great ?
Does n't Shuttleworth work for the competition ?
Should n't he be building up Windows 7's hidden weaknesses ?
Apparently not .
" I 'm not going to ' diss it " , he said categorically .
So there .
In fact , Shuttleworth believes a good version of Windows will end the current phony war between Windows and Linux in the high - growth netbook market and reignite the fight on features and capabilities .
Shuttleworth believes that a decent edition of Windows will mean Microsoft finally has to charge full price and that Redmond will finally stop allowing OEMs to use low - cost copies of Windows XP instead of paying full price for the full version of the official flagship - Windows Vista .
" We are in an awkward situation now because they are giving away XP in the netbook market - they are literally giving it way to OEMs , " he claimed .
" You can make the argument Linux is more expensive that Windows XP because Microsoft has been very aggressive in licensing , " Shuttleworth said .
Windows Vista has seen lower than anticipated levels of adoption - we know that .
Its clunky performance has been too much for those small form factor netbooks , while the price is a challenge for OEMs licensing the operating system in a netbook market famed for low sticker price .
Windows XP has been given a new lease of life , with a price and performance that suits netbook makers .
While Microsoft is n't exactly be subsidizing Windows on netbooks , the existence of Windows XP is undercutting the flag - ship product .
OEM and system builder copies of Windows XP SP2 home and professional on Amazon are listed at $ 129 , but a 32 - bit , single - user edition is a mere $ 94 .
Windows Vista Home Premium and Vista Ultimate - both SP 1 - are listed at $ 159 , but they can be had for $ 105 .
Why are netbooks so important ?
It 's a market tipped to grow , recent economic woes aside , and it's a market not yet dominated by Windows to the exclusion of all other operation systems .
" I 've kicked the tires on the [ Windows 7 ] beta for a few hours and it was good , " Shuttleworth said .
" They 've put concerted attention on the user experience with the shell .
" I think it 's going to be a great product , and every indication is we will see it in the market sooner rather than later . "
Linux will need to raise its game in the face of this revived Windows experience , he said .
And according to Shuttleworth , that 's what 's planned with Ubuntu 9.04 , codenamed Jaunty Jackalope and due in May .
Jaunty Jackalope will see improved alerts on the desktop .
Alerts have been notoriously disruptive in Windows Vista , but will be improved by Microsoft in Windows 7 .
Shuttleworth said , however , that work on Jaunty Jackalope is broader in scope than " just " alerts .
It 's part of an experiment that - if successful - will lead to broader changes in the design and build of Ubuntu in version 9.10 , scheduled for October 2009 .
" We 've made some bold proposals on how you can make notifications less disruptive and less intrusive , and more elegant .
At the same time we want to narrow the scope of notifications , " he said .
" That 's quite controversial .
We are taking that carefully .
We are working with folks to make that experiment ...
If we do it elegantly that will bode well for the additional stuff we 've got lined up for 9.10 . "
He would not provide more details and would not elaborate on 9.10 .
Shuttleworth , though , has said before that the Linux desktop had to beat Apple at its own design game to see greater uptake on the desktop .
That involves improvements to design , capabilities and interface , and integration with services .
Linux on the desktop has a tendency to favor those who 've built it and pay grudging acceptance to mainstream users through both functionality and accessibility in the interface .
Meanwhile , on the server - side , 9.04 changes are planned to make it easier to deploy Ubuntu on Amazon'e Elastic Compute Cloud ( EC2 ) and for EC2 to work with Ubuntu , Shuttleworth said . ®
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Congress is racing to pass a giant bill to stimulate the economy .
But a key piece of it may be a little slower in coming than many people expect .
The biggest single tax break in the Democrats ' proposed economic recovery package is the $ 145 billion " Make Work Pay Credit . "
The credit , which President Obama championed , would reach close to 95 % of workers and be paid primarily through paychecks .
It would be worth $ 500 per worker or $ 1,000 for couples who file jointly .
The full credit will be available to those making $ 75,000 or less , or $ 150,000 or less for couples .
Even workers in those income groups with no tax liability would get it .
The bill is still being debated .
But as things currently stand , workers may not see that money until June .
And some of the lowest wage workers - those who economists say are most likely to spend the money rather than save it - may not see their credit until they file their 2009 federal tax return sometime next year .
But for the credit to be paid out in workers ' paychecks , employers will need to change how much tax they withhold .
And they would need new withholding tables from the Treasury Department to do that .
Thomas Barthold , a deputy chief of staff at the Joint Committee on Taxation , told lawmakers on the House Ways and Means Committee on Thursday that he understood Treasury may not be able to get those tables to all employers before June 1 .
That means it could take 15 weeks if the bill is enacted by President 's Day , as Democrats have promised .
The American Payroll Association paints a slightly more optimistic picture .
The trade group , which represents payroll specialists , was told by Senate staffers that Treasury might need only 10 weeks to revise and distribute the withholding tables , said Michael O'Toole , APA 's senior director of government relations and publications .
Meanwhile , a Ways and Means staffer told CNNMoney.com
Thursday , " We 've heard they will do them as quickly as possible . "
A Treasury spokesman was not immediately available for comment .
Timing is everything
Economists have been urging lawmakers for months to act swiftly to get money distributed to states , businesses and consumers to help stem the economic downturn .
And many , like Lakshman Achuthan , managing director of Economic Cycle Research Institute , have stressed that the timing of stimulus is paramount to its success .
" This would have been great a year ago , but now consumers are so defensively oriented that the boost to the economy will be more limited , " Achuthan said .
" Any substantial delay from today increases the risk that the economy will tumble into a much deeper recession , which will be all the more difficult to climb out of later . "
Mark Zandi , founder of Moody's Economy.com whose research has been relied upon by the Democrats to make their case for stimulus , was a little more optimistic .
He said June 1 is not too late but that an earlier start would help boost the economy more .
" Every day matters , " Zandi said .
" The economy will be under severe pressure early this year , and the benefit of the stimulus could be overwhelmed if it does n't get into the economy quickly . "
Low - income workers may wait longer
Even if Treasury is able to turn out new withholding tables on a dime , the way the provision is currently structured , the lowest income workers may not see their 2009 credit until the first quarter of 2010 .
" The biggest sticking point is for people who have very little or no income tax withheld because they earn too little or take a lot of exemptions .
They'd have to wait for some or all of their credit until they file [ their tax return ] , " O'Toole said .
Of course , the lowest paid are also those most likely to be living paycheck to paycheck and more likely to spend the money quickly .
Even middle - income folks will have to wait to get some of their 2009 credit since the full $ 500 ( or $ 1,000 for joint filers ) likely would n't all be paid out this year since it would go into effect after a considerable number of pay periods have passed .
Workers could claim the unpaid portion of the 2009 credit on their federal tax return due April 15 , 2010 , according to the Ways and Means Committee .
Report : McCain camp hyped attack tale before truth emerged David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Friday October 24 , 2008
Print This Email
This A spokesman for the McCain campaign gave reporters an inflammatory version of Thursday 's hoax story about a McCain volunteer being attacked by a man who carved a " B " into her face , Pittsburgh 's KDKA reported .
Long before any facts about the Ashley Todd case had been established , McCain 's Pennsylvania campaign communications director told reporters the alleged attacker had told the woman , " You 're with the McCain campaign ?
I 'm going to teach you a lesson . "
The Drudge Report featured a teased story about the incident before any details about it were released .
That caused KDKA reporters to contact the spokesman , confirmed as Peter Feldman .
Feldman 's presumptuous claims are " significant because it reveals a McCain official pushing a version of the story that was far more explosive than the available or confirmed facts permitted at the time , " an election blog at Talking Points Memo reported .
The story could deal a sharp blow to the McCain campaign , which might be seen as having pushed an incendiary story that had no basis in fact and that nearly blew up into a " national incident , " said Pittsburgh Police Assistant Chief Maurita Bryant , reported KWTX News .
Obama 's campaign has already privately accused the McCain camp of promoting a racially - charged version of the story .
Todd , reportedly a McCain campaign volunteer , confessed she made up her story about a " big black man " holding her to the ground , carving the " B " into her face and telling her she needed to support Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama .
Police were skeptical of Todd 's story and " wasted so much time " on what they eventually realized was a hoax , Bryant said in a video available below .
Pittsburgh police now believe
Todd may have a history of mental problems and that her wounds were self - inflicted , including the " B " she probably " scratched into her face herself " with a sharp object from her car , WPXI reporter Renee Kaminski said .
Kaminski said there was immediate suspicion about Todd 's story .
" I 've got to tell you I 've been doing this a long time and a lot of folks in our news room , including me yesterday said you know , ' Wait , let 's pull back a little bit because this does n't make sense , this does n't add up , ' and the police knew it and even her friends knew it , " Kaminski said in one of the videos below .
Police said Todd will be charged with filing a false police report and are considering other charges as well .
This video is from MSNBC's News Live , broadcast October 24 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
This video is from CNN's Newsroom , broadcast October 24 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
This video is from MSNBC's Race for the White House , broadcast October 24 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Scheduled to meet with BART police investigators today , the BART Police officer involved in the tragic shooting New Year ’s Day at Fruitvale Station submitted his resignation effective immediately .
On Monday , the officer ’s attorney postponed a meeting that had been scheduled by BART investigators for Tuesday and sought to defer the meeting until next week .
BART investigators declined the delay and scheduled a meeting with the officer for this morning .
At this morning ’s scheduled meeting , the officer ’s attorney and his union representative submitted his resignation letter .
The officer was not present .
BART investigators have urged the officer to meet and cooperate with the transit agency ’s investigation into the fatal shooting .
BART Police investigators have notified the Alameda County District Attorney ’s Office of the resignation and this development .
The District Attorney ’s office is conducting an independent probe of the January 1 , 2009 shooting .
The BART Police investigation will continue to seek and examine all available evidence and will continue its full cooperation with the ongoing independent investigation by the District Attorney .
" This shooting is a tragic event in every respect for all involved , " BART General Manager Dorothy Dugger said .
" We recognize that the family and friends of Oscar Grant are in mourning and we extend our condolences . "
Mike Strizki , an engineer in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , is building up a small business that saves big money on energy costs for his customers .
Normally he builds grid - independent systems for celebrities like Johnny Depp , who is having one built on his private island , but now he is starting to build cheaper systems for ordinary people .
And he is one of the unsung heroes of the alternative energy movement .
Strizki said he ’s been able to make a living for himself selling renewable energy systems to those who can afford the expense .
Currently he has about a six projects on the go , including one in the Cayman Islands , which he said brings in enough money to keep his dream alive of making alternative energy available to average homeowners .
“ The people I ’m selling to now are the early adopters , ” he said .
‘ They ’re the ones who have the Maseratis in their driveways , and start thinking about their children , and wanting to do something for their futures . ”
“ God bless them , because we ’re learning a lot from these guys , about what works , and what doesn’t , ” said Mike Muller , a professor at Rutgers University , and director of the school ’s Center for Advanced Energy Systems .
But Muller said he does n’t expect to see the technology spreading fast among average homeowners who must invest in solar panels , pressurized hydrogen storage tanks and the electronics to manage the technology .
In his back yard , Mike Strizki stores 19,000 cubic feet ( 538 cubic meters ) of hydrogen –the energy equivalent of 40 gallons ( 150 liters ) of gasoline –in these used propane tanks from the 1970s
Strizki said he made the impressive switch to self - sufficient solar and hydrogen power in October 2006 using a $ 250,000 grant , $ 100,000 of his own cash and another $ 200,000 he raised privately .
The system converts sunlight into electricity , and also converts water into hydrogen and oxygen for power .
The system ’s storage supply can last for up to three months , in the absence of ample sunshine .
Strizki said he even has enough electricity left over to sell back to his local power company .
The Strizki ’s personal home - energy system consists of 56 solar panels on his garage roof , and housed inside is a small electrolyzer ( a device , about the size of a washing machine , that uses electricity to break down water into its component hydrogen and oxygen ) .
There are 100 batteries for nighttime power needs along the garage ’s inside wall ; just outside are ten propane tanks as well as a Plug Power fuel cell stack ( an electrochemical device that mixes hydrogen and oxygen to produce electricity and water ) and a hydrogen refueling kit for the car .
On a typical summer day , the solar panels convert sunlight to about 90 kilowatt - hours of electricity .
He consumes about 10 kilowatt - hours daily to run the family ’s appliances , including a 50 - inch plasma television , along with his three computers and stereo equipment , among other modern conveniences .
The remaining 80 kilowatt - hours recharge the batteries — which provide electricity for the house at night — and power the electrolyzer , which splits the molecules of purified tap water into hydrogen and oxygen .
The oxygen is vented and the hydrogen goes into the tanks where it is stored for use in the cold , dark winter months .
From November to March Strizki runs the stored hydrogen through the fuel cell stacks outside his garage or in his car to power his entire house — and the only waste product is water , which can be pumped right back into the system .
“ I can make fuel out of sunlight and water — and I do n’t even use the water , ” he notes .
“ If it ’s raining , it ’s fuel .
If it ’s sunny , it ’s fuel .
It ’s all fuel . ”
He claims he now can set up a base system for $ 80,000 that generates 1 kilowatt , enough to sustain a small home .
However , the systems he usually sells tend to be five and six times that amount , providing more kilowatts and storage capacity .
Strizki insists he still gets enough customers doing no promotion .
Instead , he showcases his home and other alternative energy accomplishments through a nonprofit organization , the Hopewell Project , and shows off hydrogen fuel cell cars for automakers .
General Motors and Daimler have lent Strizki hydrogen fuel celled vehicles this summer .
The state of New Jersey also heralded Strizki ’s company , Renewable Energy International , as one of eight 2008 Clean Energy Leaders in October .
The state Board of Public Utilities names the energy leaders for their leadership and innovations in creating clean energy solutions that save energy and help reduce greenhouse emissions .
Others named were Bristol - Myers Squibb in New Brunswick , Energy Kinetics in Lebanon , Sun Farm Ventures in Flemington , the Hopewell Valley School District , and EarthColor in Parsipanny , Aspen Ice in Randolph , and the Borough of Ocean Gate .
As things stand at the moment with an economy in recession and a rising interest in saving on fuel costs , Strizki said he has high hopes that more big alternative energy contracts will come on line , and further drive down costs .
He said he can immediately market to solar energy users , which can add on his technology .
Cash from the utilities , along with state and federal rebates , has allowed Strizki and other renewable energy users to pay off their investments in just a few years .
The New Jersey state Board of Public Utilities alone had paid $ 92.8 million in rebates to 2,600 residential solar energy users as of Oct. 31 .
Two residential wind turbine users in the state had received more than $ 58,000 , according to the board ’s New Jersey Clean Energy Program .
The board has promised to continue offering the financial incentives to homeowners installing a system generating up to 10 kilowatts , until the year 2012 .
One homeowner who is taking advantage of the rebates is Chris Knepper , also an engineer , who ’s constructing a French - styled country home about a mile from where Strizki lives in East Amwell .
He is spending an extra half - million dollars on top of a million he ’s already budgeted to build the house .
Once finished , Knepper hopes to have a home that is completely of - grid , using the solar and hydrogen - based system .
The home will be the second in New Jersey to have the same renewable energy system that Strizki installed on his own home two years ago .
The rebates were a selling point for Knepper , who plans to live with his wife and daughter in the home he is building with Strizki ’s renewable energy system in Hopewell Township , Mercer County .
“ Doing the math , it appears it ’s going to pay for itself in about 8 to 10 years , ” he said .
“ And if not , my children will at least have free energy . ”
You can stay up to date with all our renewable energy news by subscribing to our RSS feed .
GM ’s Ransom Note to America
With the president - elect , Congress and the current White House divided on how or if American taxpayers should save the domestic auto industry , General Motors is taking its case directly to the public with this video and accompanying web site .
More threat than appeal , the message , in a nutshell , is " Do it , or else . "
On gmfactsandfiction.com , the reeling giant " Tells It Like It Is " :
From plants to parks .
From dealerships to driveways .
From gas stations
to grocery stores .
What happens in the automotive industry affects each
and every one of us .
In fact , the collapse of the U.S. - based auto
industry would n’t just impact the more than 239,000 Americans directly
employed by the Big Three .
One out of every 10 people in America is
employed in a service that is related to the U.S. auto industry .
If a
plant closes , so does its suppliers , the local stores , the hot dog
vendors , and the local restaurants .
The effect would be devastating in ways of which you never have thought .
Writing your congressperson yet ?
Well what are you gonna do now that your " suppliers and dealers " ca n’t get credit ?
Who ’s gonna keep you supplied , man ?
In all seriousness , while its fate is on the minds of many , New Yorkers included , GM may not be helping its case here .
Rather than inspiring confidence that the company would put taxpayer dollars to good use , the " Facts and Fiction " campaign reeks of desperation and even paranoia .
( See the web site ’s " Submit a Myth " widget : " If you ’ve read or heard something about GM we ’d love to know about it so that we can have an opportunity to address it . " )
Again revealing itself to be two steps behind , GM does n’t seem to have caught on to the fact that Americans are currently more receptive to change than fear mongering .
So that ’s the problem , huh ?
Think GM can’t change ?
GM can change , baby .
Just give GM another chance .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Masters of the Universe have been dethroned .
Now the question is just how much Wall Street 's meltdown is going to hurt the city of New York and , by extension , its high - priced housing market .
Even in a city where $ 20 million townhouse listings do n't raise an eyebrow , signs of trouble abound .
Fourth quarter 2008 sales volume was down a whopping 40 % from 2007 according to New York brokerage the Corcoran Group .
And the average price of existing homes dropped 3.6 % during the same period .
The S&P Case - Shiller Home Price Index showed a price decline of 8.6 % for the New York metro area , including the city and the surrounding suburbs , for the 12 months ending November 30 .
New York 's economy runs on Wall Street money , and after the failure of Lehman Brothers and the sales of both Merrill Lynch and Bear Stearns , there is n't nearly as much of it as there used to be .
After the financial markets imploded , the New York real estate market " stopped dead , " said Dottie Herman , CEO of broker Prudential Douglas Elliman .
" If you think you 're going to lose your job , you 're not going to buy .
[ We 're ] a long way off from the past couple of years . "
Whereas bidding wars were once commonplace , city apartments are now languishing on the market .
Leonard Steinberg , a Prudential Douglas - Elliman agent who handles many high end listings , has been trying to move a $ 1.2 million condo located in the Chelsea part of town for more than a year .
The home was originally priced at $ 1.4 million .
Gotham 's grim outlook
And the city 's economic conditions are only getting worse .
On Friday , New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced $ 1 billion worth of budget cuts as Gotham steels itself against a rapidly dwindling tax base .
Its coffers are expected to dwindle by a stunning $ 4.1 billion for fiscal 2009 , which ends June 30 , thanks to the economic turmoil .
Perhaps it 's no surprise then that Goldman Sachs recently issued a report predicting that New York City 's normally - stratospheric prices will fall as much as 44 % .
And investors betting on derivatives based on the Case - Shiller Home Price Index are n't much more optimistic .
They 're betting that New York prices will tumble over 21 % over the next 4 years .
Jobs are the obvious problem .
Some 65,000 payroll jobs were lost in the last three months of 2008 alone , according to the city Comptroller 's office .
New York 's unemployment rate jumped to 7.4 % in December , up from 6.3 % in November .
Jonathan Miller , president of Miller Samuel , a premier appraisal firm in the city , said that financial market turmoil could hit home prices harder in New York than anywhere else .
" It 's more exposed than other metro areas to financial industry job losses , " Miller said .
And Wall Street types who are lucky enough to hang onto their jobs have seen their 2008 bonuses slashed by 44 % compared with 2007 levels .
If New York City does somehow manage to dodge the real estate bullet that 's crippled so many other metro areas nationwide , it may be thanks to some of the market 's unique qualities .
" We did n't have the rampant speculation that many places had , " said Miller , who cited cities like Phoenix and Las Vegas .
Most New
York buildings require buyers to run their finances by a coop board for approval , and to put down at least 20 % .
And , by virtue of its limited size , the city did n't experience the kind of rampant overbuilding that places like the Sun Belt saw .
Additionally , the city is benefiting from the overall trend toward urban living that should help maintain demand for housing .
" Our findings indicate that upper - middle and high - income households have increasingly chosen to reside in the city , said city Comptroller William Thompson , " suggesting that our city may be more resilient to this economic downturn than in 1990 when companies and families were fleeing New York . "
All that , however , only helps so much .
Any time you subtract billions of dollars from a local economy there will be vast ripple effects .
Restaurants , retail putfits and of course , real estate will all suffer .
Said Miller : " We 're going to have to go through more pain before things get better . "
The billionaire and former KGB agent Alexander Lebedev is to buy London 's Evening Standard tomorrow , in a dramatic move that would see him become the first Russian oligarch to own a major British newspaper , MediaGuardian.co.uk can reveal .
Lebedev is poised to buy a controlling stake in the ailing title , following a year of secret negotiations with Lord Rothermere , its owner and the chairman of the Daily Mail & General Trust .
Under the terms of the deal Lebedev will purchase 76 % of the newspaper , with the Associated Newspapers group retaining 24 % .
His son Evgeny , who lives in London , is due to sign the deal with Daily Mail & General Trust tomorrow .
The agreement will make Lebedev the paper 's controversial new proprietor .
A source close to DMGT admitted : " The deal is still very much alive . " DMGT failed to comment .
The purchase will be an astonishing moment in British press history – the first time a former member of a foreign intelligence service has owned a British title .
Speaking to MediaGuardian.co.uk on Wednesday , Lebedev said he had read the Evening Standard and other British newspapers when he was a young spy at the Soviet embassy in London in the late 1980s .
" I had to read every newspaper .
I was there for that , " he recalled .
" I had to read the FT , the Guardian , Standard and the Daily Mail . "
The Standard was " a very good newspaper " with some " brilliant journalists , " Lebedev said , adding that the Daily Mail was a " highly influential " title that closely reflected British public attitudes .
The Standard 's sale to an ex-Russian spy is likely to have been discussed at the highest levels of government .
It follows three years of fraught relations between London and Moscow following the November 2006 murder in London of Russian dissident Alexander Litvinenko – and the Kremlin 's refusal to extradite Andrei Lugovoi , his alleged killer .
In Russia , however , Lebedev is known as a semi-opposition figure who has frequently been at odds with Vladimir Putin , Russia 's former president and current prime minister .
In 2003 he ran unsuccessfully against Moscow 's pro-Kremlin mayor Yuri Luzhkov .
Lebedev is also part owner of the critical Novaya Gazeta paper , one of the last sources of media opposition inside Russia to the government .
Last night Lebedev said he had no intention of interfering in British politics if he became the Standard 's new owner .
" My influence would be next to zero , " he declared .
He promised an " absolutely " hands - off approach , and said it would be up to the Standard 's editor - in - chief and journalists to agree the paper 's editorial line .
But it is understood that the Standard 's editorial direction would inevitably change .
The paper would be less under the influence of its sister paper , the Daily Mail , sources suggest , and would not necessarily reflect the Mail 's rightwing editorial line .
It would probably continue , however , to support Boris Johnson , London 's Conservative mayor , they add .
The Daily Mail group is likely to fund the cost of redundancies for some Standard journalists , it is understood .
The Russian tycoon also wants to establish a new editorial and advisory board for the Standard .
This could include heavyweight global figures such as Mikhail Gorbachev – the former Soviet president and Lebedev 's personal friend – as well as Tony Blair , former French president Jacques Chirac and leading Russian editors .
It was last night not clear how much Lebedev is paying for the Standard .
Before the credit crunch , Forbes listed him 39th among Russia 's top 100 billionaires , with a $ 3.1 bn fortune .
He puts his own wealth now at $ 2.5 billion .
His portfolio includes one of Russia 's largest private banks , a 30 % stake in Aeroflot , Russia 's state airline , and other interests including a London restaurant and a luxury Italian hotel .
On Wednesday Lebedev , who holds an annual fundraising event in London to support a charity for children with cancer , said he accepted it would be difficult to revive the Standard 's flattening circulation .
But he said he was keen to own the newspaper since – as a figure working outside the Kremlin – he has exhausted the publishing possibilities in his native Russia .
" As far as I 'm concerned this [ buying the Standard ] has nothing to do with making money .
There are lots of other ways .
This is a good way to waste money , " he told the Guardian .
The Evening Standard is facing a combination of the industry - wide downturn in advertising , the shift of readers to the internet and a war of attrition in London with rival News International .
The two publishing companies have waged a bitter loss - making battle since launching their respective free afternoon papers , London Lite and the London Paper , in 2006 .
Associated Newspapers , the DMGT subsidiary that also publishes the morning fresheet Metro , launched London Lite partly to protect the Standard against the London Paper .
In November it emerged that DMGT had sought a truce of some kind with News International , an offer that was rebuffed .
It has instead looked at a range of radical options for the Evening Standard – which now include its sale to a cash - rich Russian businessman .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
As he ran for the White House , John F. Kennedy assured skeptical Americans that he was “ not the Catholic candidate for president , ” but rather a “ candidate for president who happens also to be Catholic . ”
In 1961 , the year he took office , Catholics accounted for 18.8 % of Congress .
On Tuesday , when the 111th Congress is sworn in , about 30 % of its membership will be Catholic , according to a recent analysis by Congressional Quarterly and the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life .
The shift reflects greater religious diversity both across the nation and on Capitol Hill .
“ We see much more acceptance of religious groups that have in the past . . . suffered some prejudice , ” said David Masci , a senior research fellow at the Pew Forum and coauthor of the report .
Catholics , at just less than 24 % of the U.S. population , have gained more congressional seats since 1961 than any other religious affiliation , the report found .
At 1.7 % of the population each , Jews and Mormons make up 8.4 % and 2.6 % of Congress , respectively .
Advertisement
When Kennedy was elected , Protestants accounted for most of Congress -- 74.1 % .
Though their numbers have declined , they still form a majority at 54.7 % , slightly higher than their 51.3 % of the population .
Since the 87th Congress was seated in 1961 , many major Protestant denominations have slipped in numbers , including Methodists , at 10.7 % now and 18.2 % then ; Presbyterians , at 8.1 % compared to 13.7 % ; and Episcopalians , who dropped to 7.1 % from 12.4 % .
But when compared to the population , these three denominations still are overrepresented on Capitol Hill .
Yet other Protestant denominations are underrepresented : Baptists make up 17.2 % of Americans but 12.4 % of the House and Senate .
Pentecostalists are 4.4 % of the population but 0.4 % of congressional lawmakers .
Slightly underrepresented are Buddhists and Muslims : Two of each were first elected to the 110th Congress and return next term .
The study can be found at pewforum.org .
Advertisement
Though the religious makeup of the new Congress generally reflects that of the nation , the report found that members of Congress are much more likely than the overall public to claim a religious affiliation .
Only five members of the incoming Congress -- about 1 % -- declined to specify their beliefs for the survey .
But because of how the question was worded , it was unclear whether the lawmakers were atheist or agnostic or simply did n’t want to answer the question .
Masci said he hoped to refine studies in the future .
For example , he would like to better distinguish between the various strands of Christianity .
Overall , studies conducted over the years have consistently shown Americans to be a people of faith .
A Pew Forum report last summer found that 92 % of Americans say they believe in God or a universal spirit .
It ’s no surprise , Masci said , that most Americans want to elect politicians of faith .
Advertisement
“ I think there ’s an incentive , certainly , for a politician to have some sort of a religious affiliation , ” Masci said .
Americans , he said , have “ a desire to have people in office who , to at least to some degree , reflect your own belief . ”
Yet a religious affiliation does not always correlate to a certain religious belief , said Woody Kaplan , chairman of the advisory board of the Secular Coalition for America .
Take Rep. Pete Stark : The Democrat from the Northern California city of Fremont identifies himself as a Unitarian but acknowledged no belief in a supreme being in 2007 , making him the first member of Congress to publicly do so .
Atheist groups said Stark was the highest - ranking elected official ever to admit he did n’t believe in God .
Stark said in a recent interview that in the week following the announcement , he received more than 5,000 e-mails from around the world , nearly all congratulating him for his courage .
Advertisement
The reaction took Stark by surprise .
Stark said he had simply filled out a survey sent by the secular coalition .
Stark , 77 , said he was “ agnostic at best ” by the time he graduated from college in 1953 , but his religious beliefs played little part in his first campaign for the U.S. House in 1972 .
His 13th District covers a variety of Bay Area cities , including Alameda , Union City and Hayward .
“ In my district , it just did n’t come up ; nobody asked me , ” he said .
“ They did n’t care much about what I did on Sundays . ”
Then in fall 2006 , the secular coalition embarked on a quest for the highest - ranking non-theist public official in America .
It offered a $ 1,000 prize to whoever identified the winner .
Advertisement
Nearly 60 members of Congress were nominated .
The coalition sent them surveys , and Kaplan said that when he interviewed the lawmakers , 22 confided that they did not believe in a god .
Fearful of exposure , all but Stark told the group to keep quiet .
“ The perception is it ’s politically dangerous ” to be godless , Kaplan said .
Indeed , a USA Today / Gallup poll in early 2007 showed that atheism would be a huge obstacle for a presidential candidate : 45 % of respondents said they would vote for a nonbeliever , compared with 55 % for a gay person , 88 % for a woman and 95 % for a Catholic .
For many Americans , “ there ’s this idea of morality being linked to belief in God and to religion , ” Masci said .
“ Atheism is different in that it ’s a real departure from the common - denominator faith that at least most people accept . ”
Advertisement
But if more atheists , humanists , freethinkers and nonbelievers “ come out , ” Kaplan said , “ the stigma -- which is clearly there -- will begin to go away . ”
The evidence ?
Kaplan points to Stark .
In November he was elected to his 19th term with 76.5 % of votes .
--
joanna.lin@latimes.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Memo to U.S. companies seeking a bailout :
When visiting Congress to ask for money , leave the private jets at home .
Chief executives from General Motors Corp , Ford Motor Co , and Chrysler LLC pleaded on Wednesday for $ 25 billion in federal assistance to help pay their suppliers , workers and other expenses at a time when car sales have plunged along with a souring economy .
But skeptical lawmakers blasted them for flying private jets to Washington and failing to make personal sacrifices in exchange for federal assistance .
“ It ’s almost like seeing a guy show up at the soup kitchen in a high hat and tuxedo , ” said Rep. Gary Ackerman , a Democrat from New York .
“ Could n’t you have downgraded to first class or something , or jet - pooled or something to get here ? ” Ackerman asked the executives at a hearing held by the U.S. House Financial Services Committee .
Even Democrats who said they were sympathetic to the automakers ’ plight expressed frustration that the executives used private jets while professing ruthless cost - cutting measures .
“ I do n’t know how I go back to my constituents and say the auto industry has changed if they own private jets which are not only expensive to own , expensive to operate and expensive to fly here , rather than to have flown commercial , ” said Rep. Brad Sherman , a California Democrat .
“ I also , though , must recognize that you ’re in trouble mostly because of the economic downturn . ”
Sherman asked the CEOs if they were willing to sell their jets on Wednesday and fly back to Detroit on a commercial flight .
“ Let the record show no hands went up , ” Sherman said .
Ron Gettelfinger , head of the United Auto Workers union , also testified at the hearing but flew a commercial flight to Washington .
“ I got a plane to catch , you know what I mean , ” Gettelfinger said to reporters when leaving the hearing room .
GM CEO Rick Wagoner and Ford CEO Alan Mulally are required by their companies to fly by private aircraft for security reasons , according to company documents filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .
The policy for Chrysler CEO Robert Nardelli is not required to be disclosed because the company is not publicly traded .
$ 1 PAYCHECK ?
Lawmakers also grilled the CEOs on their pay .
“ After all , Lee Iacocca symbolically accepted just $ 1 in annual pay .
Why ca n’t today ’s CEOs of General Motors , Ford and Chrysler do the same ? ” asked Rep. Paul Kanjorski , a Pennsylvania Democrat .
Former Chrysler CEO
Iacocca famously cut his salary to $ 1 when Chrysler was on the brink of bankruptcy and eventually had to ask Congress for a loan guarantee program in 1979 .
The CEOs said on Wednesday they have already taken significant cuts in pay and bonuses .
“ I think I ’m OK where I am , ” Mulally said when asked if he was willing to cut his own salary .
Mulally earned more than $ 22 million in 2007 , according to a Ford regulatory filing earlier this year .
Wagoner said he has voluntarily reduced his salary by 50 percent and had used his own money to buy a large amount of GM stock , which he said is now worth very little .
He did not say he was willing to make more significant pay cuts .
Wagoner earned about $ 15.7 million in compensation in 2007 , according to a GM regulatory filing in April .
When Nardelli was asked during a Senate hearing on Tuesday if he would be willing to cut his salary to $ 1 , Nardelli said : “ I ’d be willing to accept that . ”
Nardelli , who was widely criticized for excessive compensation when he was CEO at Home Depot Inc , failed to tell lawmakers that his annual salary at Chrysler was already set at $ 1 when he became CEO last year .
His other compensation is not fully disclosed .
Arguably , 2008 was the year of Twitter , Facebook , and Hulu .
Come January of next year , I wonder what Web sites we 'll agree were the ones that really mattered in 2009 .
In fact I 'll do more than wonder : I 'm going to stick my neck out and try to make a few educated predictions .
And I 'll choose them from among the sea of new or up - and - coming sites you may not even have heard of yet .
While most are flying below the radar today , these ten Web sites and services have a good shot at emerging as the fastest growing and most buzz - worthy of 2009 .
TV.com
Back in May 2008 , we predicted Hulu 's rise to prominence , and it has fulfilled our expectations .
This was a huge tactical win for NBC Universal , which owns part of Hulu ( along with News Corporation ) .
CBS is not taking this lying down .
In its takeover last year of the tech Web site operator CNET , it bought the rights to the TV.com URL and has now added a good amount of full - length prime - time shows and movies ( not just clips ) to the site from major content partners like Sony ( a wealth of great premium content ) , Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer , and PBS .
Content from CBS - owned Showtime is available there too .
TV.com relaunched with full - length programs ( movies and prime - time TV shows ) early this month .
Before that , the site offered only promo clips , cast profiles , interviews , and discussions -- yet it had 16.5 million viewers per month even then .
That number should begin climbing steadily over the course of 2009 with all the new video content .
Still , TV.com is no Hulu .
Why ?
The video quality , even the HD stuff , just can't match the surprising clarity of Hulu 's offerings .
That will have to improve if CBS wants to dethrone Hulu as " Web video central " this year .
( http://www.tv.com/)
Qik
Qik provides a platform where you can easily stream and share live video from your mobile or cell phone camera .
When visiting the site , it 's easy to find live video streams being shot by Qik members from around the world .
This is great for family stuff , like Grandma in America watching her baby grandson in Italy in real time , for example .
After you are finished streaming your video live over Qik , the video is automatically archived at the site .
And , if you set it up to do so , Qik sends the videos to YouTube , your blog , or to your page on Facebook .
Using Qik does not require a fancy smart phone -- an inexpensive Java - based cell phone will do .
Qik has found a niche and is exploiting it well .
I 'm predicting that many more video enthusiasts will flock to Qik this year because of its simple , straight - forward design and ease of use .
( http://www.qik.com/)
Boxee
With the Internet video landscape becoming large and more scattered , many of us would welcome a well - designed tool to help us make sense of it all .
Boxee gathers video from all over the Web ( Hulu , YouTube , CNN.com , and many others ) and puts it in a very neat and easy - to - use interface that can be accessed on your PC or on the TV in the living room .
This creates something like a programming guide for Internet video , such that you do n't have to surf around to different video sites -- all your favorite Web video is right in front of you .
Boxee also accesses and organizes the video , images , and music that you have on your hard drive .
As Web video destinations become more numerous and diverse , they all must effectively answer the user 's basic problem -- " What do I watch when I do n't know what I want to watch ? " -- in order to keep the eyeballs .
Boxee 's main means of doing this is letting you get viewing suggestions from perhaps the best source you have -- your friends .
You form friend groups with other Boxee users , and you can see what they 've been watching or they can proactively suggest stuff to you .
The current version of Boxee runs on Intel - based Macs , Apple TV , and Linux machines ( it works particularly easily on Ubuntu distributions ) .
A Windows version should be ready soon , Boxee says .
( http://www.boxee.tv/)
Blackberry Application Storefront
Research in Motion had a big year in 2008 , releasing smart phone after smart phone in a valiant effort to keep all those " CrackBerry " addicts from jumping ship and buying iPhones .
The devices and the software that runs on them have become sexier - looking more entertainment - oriented ; RIM has added an element of fun to a device that 's traditionally been a business tool .
RIM is also taking a page from the iPhone playbook by opening up a store for independently developed BlackBerry apps , called the BlackBerry Application Storefront .
Current BlackBerry users ( and prospective ones ) will no doubt be eager to see what those new apps look like ; and it's a safe bet that the site where they are displayed and sold will be a popular place on the Web in 2009 .
However , the Storefront is n't open yet .
Keep an eye on PCWorld.com or the BlackBerry signup page on the Storefront for updates .
Demonstrator burns policeman 's cap as thousands try to storm Israeli embassy in London
An anti-Israel protester snatched a policeman 's cap and set it alight during a demonstration in West London last night .
The man paraded the burning hat as thousands of demonstrators tried to reach Israel 's embassy in Kensington .
Others protested in Cardiff , Birmingham , Halifax and Sheffield .
In London , some climbed the embassy gates and were restrained by police .
Crowds chanted , ' Palestine must be free from the river to the sea . '
The demonstrator holds a burning police hat aloft outside the Israeli Embassy
The crowds cheers as the burning cap is paraded
Police cordons blocked off the road to traffic and the crowd surged against officers leading to minor clashes .
A 37 - year - old rabbi from Stoke Newington , North London , said : ' What 's happening now is not good for Palestinian people , Jewish people or anyone .
' We are here to call for a complete end to the violence . '
Ben Alban , 40 , a civil engineer from West London , said : ' Killing innocent civilians should not happen .
I am a Muslim .
This seems like an attack on the Muslim religion . '
Downing Street said it is ' appalled ' at the deteriorating situation .
As the death toll rose above 325 and Israel promised a ' war to the bitter end ' , Number 10 stepped up demands for a halt to the violence from both sides .
Get back : Pro-Palestinian demonstrators clash with police as they try to reach the Israeli embassy in London
Protesters gathered outside the Israeli embassy in west London for a second day to demonstrate against Israel 's air raids on Gaza
And United Nations secretary general Ban Ki Moon condemned Israel 's actions as ' excessive ' and demanded an immediate ceasefire .
But the US stopped short of calling for an end to the strikes against Hamas - controlled Gaza .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has held talks with his Israeli counterpart , Ehud Olmert , in which he urged access for humanitarian teams .
The devastation caused by the strikes have overwhelmed hospitals and exacerbated shortages of fuel , food and medicines in Gaza .
The protests continue between Pro-Palestinian protesters and police officers near the Israeli Embassy in London
A Downing Street spokesman said : ' We are appalled by the continuing violence in Gaza and reiterate our call to Israel and Hamas for an immediate ceasefire to prevent further loss of innocent life .
' In his discussions today with Prime Minister Olmert and ( Palestinian Authority ) President ( Mahmoud ) Abbas , the Prime Minister has also pressed for full , unimpeded and urgent access for medical teams : a humanitarian breathing space .
' We are in close contact with the UN to assess how best this support can reach those who need it .
' There is no military solution to this situation .
The Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary remain in constant touch with international and regional partners to establish the parameters for a sustainable peace .
' We must redouble the international effort to ensure that both Israel and Palestine have the land , rights and security to live in peace . '
Crowds were growing again outside the embassy in Kensington this afternoon and police helicopters were monitoring overhead .
ABOUT THAT CBO REPORT ….
This week , congressional Republicans seized on a new report from the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) showing the limited short - term stimulative effects of the Democrats ’ proposed rescue package .
It ’s also led to widespread media coverage undermining the White House ’s arguments about the benefits of a stimulus plan .
There is , however , a problem .
The CBO report , as it ’s been described , does n’t exist .
Reports of a recent study by the Congressional Budget Office , showing that the vast majority of the money in the stimulus package wo n’t be spent until after 2010 , have Democrats on the defensive and the GOP calling for a pullback in wasteful spending .
Funny thing is , there is no such report .
“ We did not issue any report , any analysis or any study , ” a CBO aide told the Huffington Post .
Rather , the nonpartisan CBO ran a small portion of an earlier version of the stimulus plan through a computer program that uses a standard formula to determine a score — how quickly money will be spent .
The score only dealt with the part of the stimulus headed for the Appropriations Committee and left out the parts bound for the Ways and Means or Energy and Commerce Committee .
Because it dealt with just a part of the stimulus , it estimated the spending rate for only about $ 300 billion of the $ 825 billion plan .
Significant changes have been made to the part of the bill the CBO looked at .
Oops .
It appears that the preliminary , incomplete numbers put together by the CBO were distributed to a small handful of lawmakers in both parties earlier in the week .
Someone ( Republican congressional offices ) then passed the misleading data onto the AP , which predictably ran with the incomplete numbers , telling the public that it “ will take years before an infrastructure spending program proposed by President - elect Barack Obama will boost the economy . ”
Other major media outlets quickly followed , and voila , Republicans had a talking point : “ Boehner and other Republican aides roamed the Capitol press galleries , flogging the CBO numbers . ”
Obviously , congressional Republicans were less concerned about reality than undermining an economic rescue package .
But as DDay noted , let ’s not brush past media culpability : “ It ’s pretty clear that the media has no ability to or interest in understanding this stuff , because then they would n’t have their precious ‘ conflict . ’
So they regurgitate whatever some GOP staffer feeds them , just to spice things up . ”
OMB Director Peter Orszag , who used to head the CBO , has already responded to the bogus reports and talking points .
Republicans and reporters might want to check it out .
Update :
It looks like the estimable Tim Fernholz was ahead of the curve on this one , and recognized the flaw in the Republicans ’ CBO talking point early on .
A campaign has been launched to get Jeff Buckley to the top of the Christmas chart ahead of the winner of this year 's X Factor .
Contestants Eoghan Quigg , Alexandra Burke or JLS will release a cover of Leonard Cohen song ' Hallelujah ' , but Buckley fans are drumming up support for his 1994 interpretation .
A Facebook group has been launched urging fans to help the Buckley track , which is currently at number 43 in the charts , reach number one by purchasing it online .
The group 's description reads : " This is not a group intended to make cruel or derogatry remarks about any participants in this year 's X Factor .
" But if you love Buckley 's version , let 's make sure everyone forgets the pale imitation as quickly as possible . "
Buckley drowned in a tributary of the Mississippi River in 1996 .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Even though we typically prefer healthier fair here at [ GAS ] , we ’re not immune to the tempting goodness of an occasional poutine or Krispy Kreme cheeseburger .
Unfortunately , there ’s just something about junk food that makes us , as “ normal ” human beings , forget all we ’ve been told as kids about proper nutrition .
Maybe it ’s the impeding danger of a potential heart attack ?
People do so love taking a bit of risk to bring excitement into their lives .
So today , when I stumbled on “ The Hamburger Fatty Melt , ” I knew you guys would totally fall in love with it .
Behold another one of the most unhealthy food creations ever !
Now , since the weekend is at our doorstep and that I know a few of you will want impose share this discovery with their friends and / or family , here ’s what you need to make your own “ Fatty Melt ” Hamburgers .
Four very thin slices of white bread ( to maintain the proper beef - to - bread ratio )
Two slices of American yellow cheese ( are we even sure these are actually made out of cheese ? )
One four - ounce beef patty
One slice of juicy , ripe tomato
Butter
Two slices of bacon ( optional )
I do n’t really think I need to explain in detail how to cook one of those , so here are some simple instructions .
Just start by cooking your beef patty , and do n’t forget that it needs to be cooked well , or until the inside is n’t pink anymore .
The meat in the previous picture looks to be a little too red for my taste .
When you ’re almost done , prepare two grilled cheese sandwiches inside another pan .
Once everything is ready , put the patty between the grilled cheese sandwiches , insert the slice of tomato and enjoy .
It would n’t hurt to make an appointment with your doctor for a cholesterol check when you ’re finished .
[ Via Serious Eats | Picture source : Robyn Lee ]
Earlier I pointed out that a ) regulatory problems have prevented investment in the smart grid and b ) subsidies to wind power in some states have driven prices to negative levels ( yes , people are being paid to consume power ) .
These two problems are closely related .
The states control whether transmission lines get built but states with a lot of wind energy do n’t have an incentive to build transmission lines to move the power out .
In effect , states with a lot of wind energy are preventing exports which lowers their own internal price of electricity but raises everyone else ’s price and reduces the use of wind power .
A new article in Technology Review makes the point .
One effect of these regulatory moves was that companies had less incentive to invest in the grid than in new power plants , and no one had a clear responsibility for expanding the transmission infrastructure .
At the same time , the more open market meant that producers began trying to sell power to regions farther away , placing new burdens on existing connections between networks .
The result has been a national transmission shortage … .
[ Many states have a lot of wind potential ]
… But the existing transmission system does n’t have the capacity to get that much electricity to the parts of the country that need it .
In many of the states in the [ wind ] region , there ’s no particular urgency to move things along , since each has all the power it needs .
So most of the applications for grid connections are simply waiting in line , some stymied by the lack of infrastructure and others by bureaucratic and regulatory delays .
Hat tip to Andrew Samwick who writes :
Car Bombing in Afghanistan Two Dead in Explosion Near German Embassy
A suicide attack in the heavily patrolled diplomatic district of Kabul has killed two people and rattled nerves at the German Embassy and US military base Camp Eggers -- both nearby .
A Taliban spokesman says the idea was to kill German military officers .
Where Apple might need to catch up :
Copy and paste
Where Apple 's still winning :
Where Android is still winning :
Where BlackBerry and Windows Mobile are still winning :
Where we all lose :
Wrap -up :
Apple was showing off what ( at the time ) seemed to be some pretty great push functionality back in June of last year , but since then Android and now webOS make Apple 's implementation seem decidedly dated -- not to mention the fact that Apple still has n't launched the promised functionality .
Apple needs to make notifications universal ( for whatever service and wherever you are in the OS ) , easy to act on and informative but at the same time unobtrusive , and they 've got a long way to go on all fronts .
Happily , Apple seems to be getting better at this as we speak , allowing a bunch of Safari - alternatives through today that would 've been previously seen as a violation of its " no duplicate functionality " policy .
We also just spotted a CoPilot GPS app running live on an iPhone , and it seems unlikely that a major developer would do all that work if Apple was n't going to let it through the App Store .
Still , Apple needs to do a better of job of being up front with developers , and stop making silly restrictions on the release of truly useful apps .
Apple only needs to look as far as the Jailbreak community to see some great multitasking in action , but hopefully it 's going to take a look at what Palm is doing with its " cards " method of switching through apps -- quite similar to Apple 's own tabs interface for Safari -- and give the people what they want .
Oddly enough , the Pre was n't the first time we saw a device running this sort of contacts integration , 3's INQ1 , a sorta - dumbphone from the UK , showed off this Synergy - style integration of social networking , IM and regular contact info last year .
This is n't a new concept , and should n't be difficult to accomplish with most modern mobile operating systems , but for some reason Palm was the first company to manage to do this right in a smartphone OS -- we hope Apple catches on quick .
For a company that touts its own iChat app as one of the cornerstones of the desktop experience , Apple 's been strangely reluctant to integrate IM into the iPhone , instead leaning on 3rd party developers to do it .
The Pre shows that IM should n't be an afterthought , it should be tightly integrated into contacts and text messaging .
Granted , Mobile OS
X has been widely touted for its ease of development , but we 're surprised that Apple has n't at least duplicated its own Dashboard Widgets -- which are just little self - contained WebKit - powered modules , with some similarities to webOS apps , minus the deeper OS integration .
Is there room for a compromise here ?
The App Store is n't lacking for apps , but an increase in developers never hurt anyone .
Another feature that Apple could 've easily ripped straight from its desktop experience , but Palm beat them to the punch .
As the iPhone is saddled with more contacts , emails , bookmarks and apps , a universal search seems like a really easy solution to the problem of complexity .
If nothing else , Apple needs to look at the number of steps it takes to perform certain important functions like making calls -- a bit less of bouncing in and out of the home screen could really do the body good .
We have n't seen a final version of the Pre in action yet , but what we did see seemed really wicked fast .
And this is n't just about who can render the most FPS or scroll through a webpage better , this is about vehemently fighting off the general lag that can creep into an increasingly bloated operating system .
Apple claims it 's staving off multitasking to keep the OS responsive , we 're wondering why our SMS screen is still loading .
This is n't software , so it 's sort of out of the purview of what we 're talking about here , but we like physical keyboards , and we like the fact that Palm gives us the option .
Some of us also like Apple 's touchscreen keyboard , so we would n't mind Palm coming out with another device that just does touchscreen , and perhaps another keyboard device for the landscape - oriented among us .
Since Palm does n't have a paralyzing fear of buttons , pretty much anything is possible .
Oh , and that removable battery is Just Good Sense .
Seriously .
Please ?
Web - style development ( with delightfully sharp claws into the OS innards ) might be webOS 's strong suit , but it also means webOS misses out on some of the incredibly powerful apps the iPhone is capable of .
3D games are the big one , but other things might be difficult -- if you have n't seen it done on a browser , you might not see it in your phone .
Apple 's incredibly simple " this is the home screen , this button sends you there " usage model bests pretty much every other smartphone out there in so far as ease of use -- Palm might have to spend some time and money on ads and mindshare for its slightly - more - complicated gesture system to catch on .
Shall we count the ways ?
iTunes App Store ...
Palm 's probably right in thinking mainly about the cloud , but right now if you plug an iPhone into a computer , stuff gets done .
Podcasts and MP3s zoom across , contacts sync , calendars compare notes .
Not only that , but Apple is hard at work on a full - on web experience in MobileMe involving sync " in the cloud " from desktop to internet to phone and back again .
Palm has chosen , perhaps wisely in many cases , to work with third parties like Google ( Gmail , Google Calendar ) Amazon ( MP3 store ) and Microsoft ( Exchange ) for getting stuff on and off the internet , but has no real answer to the juggernaut that is iTunes , or Apple 's dexterity in this space .
' Nuff said ?
We do n't want an IMAP client to look at our Gmail , we want the Gmail experience on our phone , whenever , wherever .
Do n't make us come over there ...
Oddly , Google and friends have foregone the traditional benefits of open source like distributed development -- at least so far -- but picked up others , like the fact that the OS is free and can be put on any device you can hack it into .
This is really great , and while we do n't expect Palm or Apple to start giving away their OSs , we 'd love it if they did .
This might be a toss up with webOS 's notification style , but we 're thinking Android 's super - slick notification drawer might still have the edge here , both for unobtrusiveness and functionality .
It 's not sexy , but playing nice with business back - end and IT departments sells phones and -- guess what -- there are a lot of people out there actually trying to get work done on these things .
Another element in the " getting work done " arena : if you want to edit an Excel , Word or PowerPoint document , you 're probably not going to turn to a Pre or an iPhone to do it .
Hopefully Palm announces something along these lines soon , they 've classically been strong here , and it should n't be impossible to pull off in webOS , but right now the win clearly goes to Windows Mobile , with RIM a strong second .
BlackBerry 's keyboards are legendary , and HTC 's phones hit almost every high point you could ask for in design and form factors -- some people just need that landscape keyboard , or landscape keyboard + numeric keypad with a triple swivel , etc .
We know there 's a lot of stuff that Windows Mobile , BlackBerry , S60 and even the existing Palm OS can do that have yet to be mastered or even addressed by the iPhone , Android or webOS , so consider this a placeholder for " favorite feature X " that you just can't live without , and be sure to bring it up in the comments !
We 're not crazy people , we know why it's in Palm and Apple 's best interest to partner with a carrier , but that does n't mean we have to like it .
AT&T has showed a continued inability to get 3G right , and a continued ability to drop iPhone calls left and right ( granted , much of this could be blamed on the iPhone 's chipset ... whatever it is , it needs to be fixed ) .
Meanwhile , nearly everyone we know has a bad Sprint service anecdote to share -- the carrier , while fairly strong at 3G data , has some serious problems , and those problems wo n't just go away when Pre users start hitting it up for bet - settling Wikipedia entries .
Now , the beautiful thing about the head start that Apple has gotten in this " next - gen mobile OS " space is that it could have very well been already at work on some of these problems for the next iPhone or the next update -- we sure hope so .
What we also hope is clear to all parties involved is that there 's no laurels - resting to be had here , we have n't reached a plateau in smartphone development , we 've really only begun .
Here 's to whatever magic the next few years will bring to our humble pockets .
Algorithms In Real Life Posted by Louis Brandy on 20 October 2008
Sometimes I notice computer science or other assorted math nerdery in real life .
These are their stories .
Alphabetizing Papers
Have you ever seen a teacher alphabetizing a couple dozen papers ?
This is basically a sorting problem , right ?
And you are a computer scientist , so sorting problems should be interesting to you .
Have you ever analyzed how people alphabetize papers ?
How does she ( for the sake of brevity I 've made the sexist assumption that this teacher is female ) do it ?
Almost always , she puts all the ' A ' names in this pile , ' B ' names in that one , and so on .
The group ranges my vary ( maybe A through C in this pile , etc. ) , but the algorithm is almost always the same .
Once she 's done with that , what does she do ?
She tends to go letter by letter and use some other algorithm on each group .
In my experience , she uses an insertion sort
Did it ever strike you as odd that human beings used such an algorithm ?
Did you ever , as a young , naive , computer programmer , snicker to yourself thinking that she was using an inferior algorithm ?
I did .
Everyone knows that quicksort is the best and fastest way to sort , right ?
Why do n't teachers use quicksort ?
My original answer to this question was that unlike computers , the human brain does n't do all comparisons equally .
It 's just " easier " for our brains this way .
Splitting into letter groups makes each smaller problem more manageable .
I was certain , in those times , there might exist some faster algorithm that teachers could use based on a quicksort .
I was wrong .
Back to the computer science part : do you know the name of the sorting algorithm that these teachers use ?
It 's called a bucket sort .
A bucket sort followed by individual insertion sorts ( exactly what teachers tend to do ) is a linear time sorting algorithm .
Yes , linear time .
Did you know there are linear time sorting algorithms ?
But you thought n* log (n ) was the best possible sorting algorithm ?
That 's only the bound for comparison based sorting .
When you have some notion of the distribution of the items to be sorted , you can break through that boundary and do linear time sorting .
The catch with linear time sorting is that the input must follow some known distribution .
This , by the way , is why teachers instinctively break the piles into various types of groupings .
If there are alot of papers , you need finer group ranges .
Furthermore , the ideal bucket setup would distribute the papers roughly evenly .
The letter S might need its own bucket , but you can put all the letters up through F in their own bucket .
Teachers have alot of experience with both the general problem and their specific problem ( for example , the peculiarities of a particular class ' name distribution ) and so they are optimizing the algorithm given the known distribution .
They are setting up the parameters of the linear time sort ( number of buckets , bucket ranges , etc. ) exactly as they should to optimize the sort time .
The main downside to these linear sort algorithms is that they require alot of extra space ( versus comparison - based sorting ) .
You tend need to need an auxiliary bookkeeping array on the order of the original problem to do them .
This is n't a problem in real life !
She just needs a larger table .
In a very real sense , this supposedly " naive " algorithm that teachers use is among the very best possible .
And woe to any computer science student who thinks to himself that she 's doing it wrong .
The Coffee Problem
So I woke up the other day , took my shower , got dressed and got on the elevator .
My apartment complex has complimentary coffee in the lobby area ( that 's why the rent is so high ) .
This particular morning , when I got there , I noticed all of the little tags that tell me which dispenser was which were missing .
So there I stood , with five identical coffee dispensers , virtually certain at least one of them was decaf .
I do n't want decaf .
What do I do ?
If I was David Carruso or that dude from CSI : Las Vegas , I could have smelled the coffee , detected the bean 's nation of origin and deduced which was decaf based on the trade distribution of that country 's beans throughout the continental United States .
Or maybe I could have used some nearby chemical MacGuyver style to determine which was caffeine .
I 'm just a dude needing caffeine , so I thought for a second , and then went for the middle one .
How did they likely set these up ?
It seemed logical to me that since there were five , no more than two would be decaf .
That seems like a good assumption .
Furthermore , my " opponent " , being a rational person , likely put the decafs together , and on one end .
That means the middle one is probably caffenieted .
( Another good answer I received from someone else is just to mix them all up .
At worst you get 60 % caffeine . )
I 've been traveling today but sitting on the Acela and reading your emails and pondering the Warren pick , I 've found myself both better understanding Obama 's gambit politically and feeling more betrayed at the same time .
I fought against the Christianism of Bush for this ?
A reader helps focus my evolving and conflicting feelings and thoughts :
Most people probably do n’t know this , but Warren ’s Saddleback Church has a Friday night program called Celebrate Recovery .
On the whole the program is modeled after the twelve steps , albeit with an evangelical supplement to it .
There are subgroups in the program that cater to men with “ addictions ” to pornography , recovery alcoholics , and women with codependency issues .
There is also a group for those who struggle with “ same sex attraction ” , the discourse of which is directly borrowed from the ex-gay movement .
I know this , of course , because I was involved with the group in Spring of 2007 .
I was in full time ministry at a neighboring evangelical megachurch , where I was fighting a desperate battle against depression and despair in attempting to “ cure ” myself of my homosexuality .
This was , without a doubt , the worst time in my life .
I spent the majority of my Fridays as a young , 23 year old gay man sitting in a room with a group of men whose self loathing and struggle was overwhelming .
These were largely married men , men with children , some of them former ministers , whose entire lives became consumed with undertaking the impossible act of modifying , or at least seeking to neuter , their own sexual orientation .
Looking at the deadlock these otherwise gifted men were in was extremely painful and one of the major spurs to my rethinking issues of sexual orientation and faith , and I am proud to say I came out the other side a reasonably well adjusted gay man .
So when I send emails to my otherwise liberal friends telling them to send an email expressing their disapproval of the choice of Warren , and they send me emails back acknowledging the political symbolism of why Obama did what he did , please understand my frustration .
It ’s obvious what Obama is trying to do by having Warren give the convocation at his inauguration , and it is understandable  but for me as a human being who was personally damaged by Warren ’s theology and his church specifically , it is unforgivable .
And to cover it over with vague rhetoric about a politics of inclusion and unity is similarly unforgivable .
Some friends have told me that my “ personal issues ” make me too emotionally involved with this issue , and of course they do  but perhaps that is precisely what gives me the right to be upset about this decision .
I ’ve been out for about a year and a half now and am in a really healthy relationship .
I moved out of Orange County , the place I was raised , a place where I no longer feel comfortable .
When Prop 8 passed , the most painful thing was the feeling I had that no matter how far away I got away from the oppressive forces of my past , I could n’t get far enough away .
I felt little victory in Obama ’s success .
This is yet another smack in the face , and similarly discouraging .
If I did n’t have respectable gay elders in my life to teach me the value of patience  but also the value of protest 
I ’d be in a pretty dark state of mind about the whole fiasco .
* man is staring down at child * boy : what are you looking at mister ?
man : ... i bet i could throw you at least ten yards boy : dad !
* father comes over * father : what is it son ?
boy : he just threatened to throw me !
father : how far ?
man : ten yards father : no way man : i totally can father : well , i think this is about then yards between us right now * man picks up boy * boy : ahh !
* man throws boy into air * * boy lands short of his father * * boy is on the ground in front of the father * father : told you so
Programming Gems
This book is a collection of articles recording some of the wisdom and practice on how to program well in Lua .
Lua Programming Gems
Lua.org , December 2008
ISBN 978-85-903798-4-3
( also available as an edited by L. H. de Figueiredo , W. Celes , R. IerusalimschyLua.org , December 2008ISBN 978-85-903798-4-3 ( also available as an e-book
Read the front matter ( containing the preface by the editors , forewords by Cameron Laird and by Mark Hamburg , and short biographies of the contributors ) and Chapter 2 on Lua Performance Tips .
See also the errata .
Buy a copy of this book and help to support the Lua project .
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : Rove Says He Won't Answer Subpoena "
( 18 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/29/2009 @ 3:02 pm PT ...
If the dumb bastad had nothing to hide , why would n't he just go in and testify ?
Because he 's guilty as sin .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... disillusioned said on 1/29/2009 @ 3:04 pm PT ...
Rove at least looked .... ' worried ' .
Not happy at all .
He was quick to foist the blame upon the Bush admin legal team as his cover his ass move .
Let 's hope the court feels as 99.99 % of americans do , that noone is above the law , not even presidents and those who serve them .
I just hope Bush did n't swing some deal with Obama for topics like this .
Perfect justice
Rove gets the death penalty for treason Decent justice
Rove serves ~ 5 years or more in prison for breaking the law .
Sad justice
Rove is found guilty and gets a slap on the wrist .
Probable justice
Rove never has to go to court , never gets arrested , and continues to be paid as a political correspondent .
Of course even the convicted criminals from the Nixon era are paid by Faux news to do this now .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... jacki penny said on 1/29/2009 @ 3:19 pm PT ...
i'd like to thank the rove for clarifying that he is not a witch .
the witches i know would shudder to think ... as for all the poor whales out there , well let 's just hope they do n't tune in to the msm anymore than the rest of us do .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/29/2009 @ 4:45 pm PT ...
I say squeeze that pimple on democracy , he ain't built tuff just oily .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/29/2009 @ 4:59 pm PT ...
Come on John , we 've been waitin civily out here , an waitin ... both of those pieces of crap deserve a moment of clarity !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/29/2009 @ 5:12 pm PT ...
And personally Mr. Conyers , I 'd think this Country should have all the FACTS on 9/11 .
Their story does n't add up and ms speakers actions leave me feeling sick quite frankly .
This is my Country not some unholy crew's !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 1/29/2009 @ 9:22 pm PT ...
ancient , seems like 9 - 11 gonna forever remain one of those white elephants that take up all the space in room but r never spoken , kinda like when reagan infected the country with cocaine while pretending to fight the war on drugs here in illinois , they have impeached the gov that really did fight for health care for every child , free paps and mamograms , lowered taxes and gave seniors free rides i think about the local repub bill brady that plans to run for gov in 2010 , a silver spoon country club kid that nevr had to work for anything in his life , i think about how when the soe software makes him gov , he not gonna care if my grandkids have healthcare or even a school ( afterall his r in a private catholic school ) , and he sure wont care if the peanut butter is contaminated .. and then when illinois turns red in 2012 , the msm will pretend every 1 thought it was coming all along just like they pretend gov rod b getting prosecuted had anything to do with justice if fitzgerald wasnt a crook himself he would of prosecuted cheney for violations of the presidential records act long ago if anyone wants to read about the soe software that is terrifying me , bbv has it listed as her " middleman series "
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 1/29/2009 @ 10:13 pm PT ...
Is Rove claiming that someone else is forcing him to claim Executive Privilege ?
Bad apples , perhaps ?
This guy REALLY IS the architect !
Rove 2012 !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Jack said on 1/30/2009 @ 3:08 am PT ...
Old Mother Hubbard ( Conyers ) went to the cupboard ( Congress )
to get poor Rove ( r ) a bone ( subpoena )
When she bent over Rove ( r ) took over
He had is own bone ( the digit of scorn )
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... John Jacson said on 1/30/2009 @ 5:18 am PT ...
LOL , cant say as I blame them dude !
RT
www.internet-privacy.us.tc
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/30/2009 @ 7:20 am PT ...
Hey John at 10 , what the hell does RT mean ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 1/30/2009 @ 7:30 am PT ...
Like I said a week ago , Rove will ignore the Subpoena and Conyers will do NOTHING .
What a disgustingly inept Congress .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/30/2009 @ 9:27 am PT ...
Hey yinz , seen this yet : http://www.thedailyshow.com/
[ed note : Ancient wants you to see the P W Singer video but is experiencing technical difficulties getting the direct link .... -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/30/2009 @ 11:28 am PT ...
Hey there Karen in Illinois , you got that right I 'm afraid .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/30/2009 @ 11:30 am PT ...
An thanks 99 , does too many funerals lately qualify as technical difficulties ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/30/2009 @ 12:33 pm PT ...
If that does n't , I do n't know what does .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/30/2009 @ 3:29 pm PT ...
But on another note , just like I used to tell my pop , at least my peeps get things right : http://steelerladies.com/
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 2/1/2009 @ 2:53 pm PT ...
Spain 's sleek new high - speed trains have stolen hundreds of thousands of passengers from airlines over the last year , slashing carbon emissions and marking a radical change in the way Spaniards travel .
Passenger numbers on fuel - guzzling domestic flights fell 20 % in the year to November as commuters and tourists swapped cramped airline seats for the space and convenience of the train , according to figures released yesterday .
High - speed rail travel - boosted by the opening of a line that slashed the journey time from Madrid to Barcelona to 2 hours 35 minutes in February - grew 28 % over the same period .
About 400,000 travellers shunned airports and opted for the 220 mph AVE trains .
Last year 's drop in air travel , which was also helped by new high - speed lines from Madrid to Valladolid , Segovia and Malaga , marks the beginning of what experts say is a revolution in Spanish travel habits .
In a country where big cities are often more than 500 km ( 300 miles ) apart , air travel has ruled supreme for more than 10 years .
A year ago aircraft carried 72 % of the 4.8 million long - distance passengers who travelled by air or rail .
The figure is now down to 60 % .
" The numbers will be equal within two years , " said Josep Valls , a professor at the ESADE business school in Barcelona .
Two routes , from Barcelona to Malaga and Seville , opened last week .
Lines are also being built to link Madrid with Valencia , Alicante , the Basque country and Galicia .
The government has promised to lay 10,000 km of high - speed track by 2020 to ensure that 90 % of Spaniards live within 30 miles of a station .
The prime minister , José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , boasts it will be Europe 's most extensive high - speed network .
The high - speed train network is also helping Spain control carbon emissions .
Straight tracks and few stops mean AVE trains use 19 % less energy than conventional trains .
Alberto García , of the Spanish Railways Foundation , has calculated that a passenger on the Madrid - Barcelona line accounts for one - sixth of the carbon emissions of an aeroplane passenger .
High - speed rail tickets are often cheaper .
The lowest one - way price on the 410 - mile Barcelona - Madrid route this month is € 44 ( £ 40 ) .
Rail operator Renfe says 99 % of trains on the route arrive on time .
That sort of efficiency was sorely missed at Madrid 's Barajas airport at the weekend .
Tens of thousands of passengers suffered delays of up to 30 hours because of snow , a work - to - rule by Iberia pilots and a lack of air traffic controllers .
Zapatero , who has put infrastructure projects at the heart of an anti-recession surge in public spending , plans to invest € 108bn ( £ 96bn ) in the high - speed rail network until 2020 .
These are about as UN - gourmet as it gets .
But they ’re fun to make , easy , and go a long way toward promoting peace and tranquility among the male species .
Trim off the large obvious piece of fat that runs along the side of the meat .
Next , cut strips less than 1 - inch wide .
Rotate the meat and cut into small bite - sized pieces .
If you see any more large chunks of fat , gristle or long silvery membrane , cut them off .
Sprinkle generously with kosher salt and freshly ground pepper .
Toss the meat around a bit to thoroughly coat with the seasonings .
Next , turn on your ventilation fan overhead .
Heat the skillet over medium high to high heat .
As the pan heats , add about 2 tablespoons butter to the skillet .
Allow the butter to melt , then brown , before you add the meat .
Place some of the meat in the pan in a single layer .
It should sizzle loudly when it hits the pan – if it does n’t , the pan is n’t hot enough .
Do n’t stir or disrupt the meat for 30 - 45 seconds .
You want it to sizzle and brown on one side .
Scoop as many steak bites as you can with your spatula and flip them over .
Repeat until all the meat is turned .
Cook for an additional 30 to 45 seconds — just long enough to sear the outside of the meat but NOT cook the inside .
Remove the meat to a clean plate .
Add a little more butter to the pan and repeat the cooking process with the next batch just as before .
Lastly , when all the meat is nicely browned and removed to the plate , pour all that browned / blackened butter all over the meat .
And enjoy !
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
Today I ’ll show you how to make my gourmet Steak Bites , which are actually about as UN - gourmet as it gets .
But they ’re fun to make , easy , and go a long way toward promoting peace and tranquility among the male species .
They just love these simple suckers .
I did NOT just call MEN “ simple suckers . ” I called the STEAK BITES simple suckers .
Begin with a simple sirloin steak , and choose one without a lot of gristle .
( Or “ chisel ” as Betsy once mistakenly called it . )
My local grocery store also sells it already cut up .
They refer to this as “ Beef Tips . ”
But it ’s nothing but sirloin steak cut into small pieces .
Place the steak on a cutting board .
Trim off the obvious , large pieces of fat .
Cut strips less than 1 - inch wide .
Then rotate the strips and cut small pieces .
If you see any large chunks of fat or gristle …
Go ahead and lop ’em off .
Give it to your dogs and they ’ll love you for life .
As if they do n’t already .
I also like to trim off this silvery membrane , because it ’s tough , man .
BEEF , beautiful BEEF !
Often I ’ll sprinkle them with seasoned salt and lemon pepper , but today let ’s just keep it simple : plenty of kosher salt …
And freshly ground black pepper .
Yum .
Yes , I used this .
But only because I took my regular grinder up to the Lodge where it will now live .
And really — aside from looks , what does it REALLY matter ?
And hey — if guests were coming , I could always slap a coat of silver paint on it and it might pass for the real thing .
Yeah .
I can see that happening .
Did n’t silver paint kill the Tin Man ?
I ’m steering clear of that stuff .
Now , the tricky thing about cooking steak bites is , you want to keep them relatively rare inside so they ’ll be tender .
At the same time , steak bites are most delicious when they ’re nice and brownish black on the outside .
I ’m going to achieve this in two ways :
1 . Very , very hot pan
2. Butter
Toss the meat around a bit just to thoroughly coat with seasonings .
Now , heat the skillet over medium high to high heat .
Just grin and bear it .
Then open a window or turn on the ventilation on your stove .
‘ Cause you ’re gonna need it .
As the pan heats , add about 2 tablespoons butter to the skillet .
The point here is to allow the butter to melt , then brown , before you add the meat .
Here , the pan is hot , the butter ’s melted , and it ’s getting nice and brown .
( But not black . )
Place some of the meat in the pan in a single layer .
It should sizzle loudly when it hits the pan — if it does n’t , the pan is n’t hot enough .
Do n’t stir or disrupt the meat for 30 to 45 seconds .
You want it to sizzle and brown on one side .
When it ’s time , scoop as many steak bites onto a spatula as you can …
And flip them over .
Repeat until all the meat is turned .
Cook for an additional 30 to seconds — just long enough to sear the outside of the meat but NOT cook the inside .
Remove the meat …
To a clean plate …
And add another tablespoon of butter to the pan .
When it ’s adequately browned , add the rest of the meat to the pan and repeat the cooking process .
Remove the meat to the plate .
Keep in mind that it will continue cooking just a tiny bit after you remove it .
So do n’t be afraid to take it out of the pan earlier than you think you should !
Notice that the meat is still pinkish red inside .
That means flavor , tenderness , and bliss .
And now …for the best part .
Just pour all that browned / blackened butter all over the meat .
This right here is where the men are separated from the boys .
And the women are separated from … the other women who are way too smart to eat anything like this .
I do n’t fall into that category .
Being smart is highly overrated .
______________________________
Variation : If Marlboro Man were n’t in the picture , I would have deglazed the pan with a little red wine , then swirled in some butter …THEN poured the sauce over the top .
But ranchers do n’t like wine on their beef .
It ’s one of those things they never tell you .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The global economic slowdown trumped even the biggest OPEC output cut ever on Wednesday as the measure aimed at boosting oil prices instead deepened the gloom over slumping world demand , sparking a sharp drop to a four - year low .
Euphoria the day before from the U.S. Federal Reserve ’s dramatic rate cut to near zero wore off even as several other countries from Europe to Asia followed suit by cutting rates .
Investors were left wondering what tools were left in the arsenal to tackle the year - long recession , and U.S. stocks closed 1 percent lower on Wednesday after gaining 5 percent on Tuesday .
But the moribund U.S. mortgage industry at the root of the downturn did see some relief .
The long - term mortgage rate fell a quarter point to around 5 percent and the week ’s average could be the lowest in 46 years -- which could stoke a revival of demand in the housing market .
The U.S. car industry , however , continued to languish as it seeks emergency loans from Washington .
Chrysler LLC said it was shutting down all production for at least a month .
Adding to the sense of financial mayhem was more fallout from the alleged $ 50 billion fraud by U.S. financier Bernard Madoff .
As he was put under house arrest , another European bank , BNP Paribas , posted losses connected to the scandal , sending European stocks lower .
The Dutch pension fund of Royal Dutch Shell Plc said it had $ 45 million exposure and in Asia , Great Eastern Holdings Ltd , the insurance arm of Singapore ’s Oversea - Chinese Banking Corp , said it had an indirect exposure of about the same amount .
DRIVING OIL PRICES
The sharp drop in oil prices was a sobering reminder that investors are bracing for long , deep worldwide recession .
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , December 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
OPEC announced a larger - than - expected supply cut of 2.2 million barrels a day to counter slumping world demand for oil .
But instead of supporting prices , it sparked a sell - off to a four - year low nearing $ 40 a barrel .
“ The world economy is driving the price more than anything OPEC can do at this stage , ” said Gary Ross , CEO of consultancy PIRA Energy .
“ It will be hard for the cuts to have any traction with regard to price in a deteriorating economic environment . ”
The price of oil has dropped more than $ 100 a barrel from a high of $ 147 in July .
Central banks across the globe are slashing rates and eyeing unorthodox policy measures as the worst financial crisis in 80 years propels many countries into recession .
The day started off with rounds of rate cuts from Hong Kong to Norway after the Fed ’s surprise move to cut the benchmark rate to a range of zero to 0.25 percent from 1 percent .
And analysts said the Fed decision could push the Bank of Japan to cut rates from 0.3 percent on Friday .
“ It ’s likely to cut rates , even to zero , ” said Hirokata Kusaba , senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute .
Although the Fed said it would use “ all available tools ” to jump - start the economy after using up nearly all the room it has for rate cuts , the markets quickly soured amid the uncertainty of what that meant .
“ I think there is a worry about the huge amounts of debt and liquidity that is being placed in the system and that ultimately inflation will come up , “ said Robert Francello , head of equity trading for Apex Capital hedge fund in San Francisco .
DETROIT HALTS PRODUCTION
The damage from the financial crisis was visible in economic data and company reports .
The number of Britons out of work and claiming benefit rose to over 1 million for the first time since 2001 , while British retail sales fell at their fastest annual pace in at least a quarter of a century in December .
That data raised the chance of hefty Bank of England rate cuts next month , analysts said .
In China , a commentary in the Communist Party mouthpiece said the Asian giant faced a tough task maintaining social stability in the face of rising unemployment .
Honda shares were down 4 percent after Japan ’s No. 2 automaker issued its third profit warning this year , citing big currency losses and tanking sales .
Detroit ’s carmakers scrambled to cut costs as Washington makes them wait for a decision on loans to help them avoid collapse .
President George W. Bush told Fox News on Wednesday that a decision “ needs to get done relatively soon .
Chrysler , owned by Cerberus Capital Management , and GM have asked for immediate injections of cash .
Ford Motor
Co is seeking a government line of credit to be used if its financial conditions worsen more than expected in 2009 .
Citing a credit crisis and dwindling sales , Chrysler -- considered the weakest of the three -- told workers in a letter it will shut down all its manufacturing operations for at least a month starting December 19 .
General Motors suspended major work on its $ 370 million engine plant in Flint , Michigan .
The plant was to play a key role in developing fuel - efficient and all - electric cars .
The dollar tumbled against major currencies , hitting its weakest level in more than 13 years versus the yen and a 2 - 1/2 - month low against the euro .
Long - dated U.S.
Treasury debt prices jumped as investors scrambled for any returns in the safe - haven investment , sending the yield on the 10 - year bond briefly down to its lowest intraday level in 50 years , 2.08 percent .
Wall Street woke to a wider - than - expected quarterly loss of $ 2.2 billion at Morgan Stanley as the credit crisis generated more writedowns and slashed fees from investment banking and brokerage .
Its shares initially fell 6 percent but closed 2.3 percent higher .
Where Is The Government Going To Direct Its Propaganda Machine Now ?
by Bill Sardi by Bill Sardi
Using established news media as its front , the federal government has long used seemingly independent news sources as conduits for propaganda .
Different media , ranging from The Reader ’s Digest , major network television , radio and newspapers , the most relied upon sources of public information , have been tapped by the federal government to help soften the public for war , malign contrived enemies and villains , promote a pet piece of legislation , cover for a poor economy , etc .
For example , the CNN report " Beneath the Veil , " which graphically displayed atrocities perpetrated by the Taliban on Afghani women , preceded the events of September 11 , 2001 that resulted in a U.S. military assault on Afghanistan .
The Taliban were being demonized a month prior to the war so public attitudes toward them would be negative .
CNN obviously had foreknowledge months prior to 9 - 11 .
On the evening of 9 - 11 , CNN even aired the overthrow of a leader in Afghanistan and showed smoke and fire over the Kabul , Afghanistan night sky , long before any alleged link between the Taliban and the World Trade Center had been aired .
The Fourth Estate : Checks and balances ?
It has been said that government generates most news stories and that the news media is often too eager to obtain favor for breaking reports .
While American government was organized with checks and balances divided among three branches of government , the so - called Fourth Estate , the press , has been charged with keeping tabs over all branches of the government and reporting events to the citizenry .
It is the press that has been " willingly coerced " into often over - cooperating with government and its hidden agendas .
The cozy relationship between government and industry has led agencies like The Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta to issue its annual alert to get vaccinated during the flu season , and the news media to mindlessly parrot CDC press releases , despite the fact there is little or no scientific evidence that the flu produces a significant amount of mortality or that flu vaccines reduce mortality among high - risk groups like infants and the elderly .
Is flu vaccination good for the public , or just for vaccine makers ?
" We interrupt this government - sponsored propaganda for …… … "
The use of major TV networks has been a paramount force in delivering government - backed information .
Even with the plethora of new broadcast channels , more than 70 % of Americans tune into the major networks — ABC , CBS , NBC and now FOX and CNN — to obtain information about daily events and issues facing the nation .
It ’s been relatively easy for government to co-opt a semi- consolidated news media .
That was in the past .
Suddenly the number of sources of public information is broadening .
Consumers now have iPods , digital TVs , video recorders , multimedia PCs , cell phones , says Eric Auchard , Reuters columnist , who notes there are the new options " many households and consumers are considering now in an effort to find a range of cost - effective online substitutes for broadcast , cable or satellite TV . "
The worldwide economic downturn is forcing many consumers to find less expensive ways to be entertained or obtain information .
Even TV programming , " not just short - form entertainment , is now served up on video sites in markets around the globe at Google Inc ’s YouTube , Daily Motion , Joost or at Hulu in the United States , " says Auchard , who asks " Could 2009 then be the year we seriously ask u2018 What ’s on the internet ? ’ rather than u2018 What ’s on television ’ ? "
According to a recent survey , a majority of consumers already see their PCs as more of an entertainment device than they do TVs .
Even a surprising 42 % of the " reading generation , " people aged 62 and above , see PCs as more entertaining than TVs .
U.S. " millennials " typically spend 18.8 hours a week online , nearly twice as much time as they spend on TV , according to the survey .
This means many Americans may soon be unplugging the government ’s primary propaganda machine .
Major TV networks may go the way of dinosaurs
The downward spiraling economy may force major TV networks , which government has tapped to distribute ( mis ) information , into nonexistence soon .
NBC Universal CEO Jeff Zucker has been quoted to say : " Without radical actions it wo n’t be long before the medium and the U.S. auto industry look identical — on the verge of extinction . "
( Simon Applebaum , " Broadcast Waterloo , " online blog , Dec. 15 , 2008 )
A visible sign of the upcoming change in broadcast TV is the acquisition of TV.com , a website that will now become a video destination for CBS Corp. , which will showcase thousands of new and old television episodes .
Many recent episodes of its shows are also shown at CBS.com .
It is no wonder the TV Guide , which was sold at grocery store counters , has gone out of business .
Hulu.com is now one of the top - viewed sites on the internet , and has sprouted up practically overnight .
Military propaganda
In the past , government just handed film footage of World War II to NBC ( 1952 ) and it created the Victory At Sea TV series to the beat of Richard Rogers ’ spine - tingling music , orchestra music that surged with onscreen views of swelling ocean waves and pounding blasts from a battleship turret .
Victory at Sea certainly glorified war , and the series is still being sold by NBCUniversal as a DVD set .
But now conduits to the public ’s mind may not be so easy to tap .
Already the US Army is seeking non-conventional ways to reach young men for recruiting purposes .
Reuters reports that the US Army is wooing young American males with videogames , Google maps and simulated attacks on positions from an Apache helicopter , in a $ 12 million U.S. Army " Experience Center " located northeast of Philadelphia .
The center has 60 computers loaded with military videogames that glamorize war .
The video arcade is filled with rock music and staffed by 33 full - time soldiers .
Super Bowl recruiting ads for the military will likely continue , but obviously the military is being challenged to find ways to reach recruits other than television .
Digital TV conversion : a major turning point
A major change is about to occur with the conversion of TV from analog to digital signals .
About 40 percent of American households are currently stuck watching a limited number of stations ( Fox , NBC , ABC , and CBS ) because they do n’t have cable TV boxes .
This major TV network audience will drop off significantly once the digital switch is made .
This is because 40 percent will either get a converter box and upgrade to cable which provides at least 30 stations at the start as opposed to rabbit ears ’ five or six , or they will simply not elect to get a converter box to access television and solely rely upon internet sources of information and entertainment .
So one can imagine the government ’s concern when it became apparent there is a last - minute glitch in the planned switchover to all - digital television , scheduled for February 2009 .
The switchover to all - digital transmission will turn screens blank in about 8 million U.S. households that rely on outdoor antennas or rabbit ears to get a picture on every set bought before 1998 and most bought before 2004 .
The glitch is that the government program to supply $ 40 coupons to buy digital converter boxes ran out of money , placing more than 1.1 million Americans on a waiting list .
The news stories you never hear or see
Sometimes it ’s not what you hear or see on major electronic news media , but what goes unreported .
For example , only Al Jazeera , the Qatari TV network , which broadcasts to approximately 140 million English and Arabic - speaking viewers , is airing live images of bombings and tanks rolling through Gaza in the current conflagration there .
Hundreds of other news reporters from around the world are stuck at the border between Israel and Gaza .
But even with the news blackout , many back channels exist today and Americans who are eager for an inside view of the events in Gaza can download Livestation , a free program that will let viewers watch Al Jazeera English among other international networks .
Is it a coincidence that none of the three major U.S. television networks now have a news correspondent stationed in Iraq , a withdrawal by the Fourth Estate that coincides with a new President , even though 130,000 U.S. service members remain on duty there ?
The news media has the ability to turn the war " on " or " off " in the public ’s mind .
Does the news media get its marching orders from Washington DC ?
News reporters embedded with troops in Iraq , who followed government orders not to show dead bodies or military caskets , would be an example of how government censorship is imparted by the news media .
During the Iraq war , question arose over some journalists who may have been placed in " Harm ’s Way " because they were deviating from the planned censorship , and went home in a casket themselves .
Other news media
Television networks are not the only media outlet being threatened economically .
Newspapers are being called the " buggy whips " of 2009 .
( Modesto Bee , Jan. 9 , 2009 )
The number of major newspapers that are about to fold up operation will only be known at the end of this challenging year of economic chaos .
The Seattle Post Intelligencer and the New York Times are at the head of the list .
There is now discussion over the formation of " hyperlocal " websites , where websites will cover local news in place of community newspapers .
If you are a government propagandist , you are probably scratching off newspapers from your future list of news media outlets .
Imbed government agents in news agencies
Another strategy has been to embed government propagandists into the very offices of the news media .
In March of 2000 Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting ( FAIR ) asks " Why Were Government Propaganda Experts Working On News At CNN ? "
This was first reported by the Dutch newspaper Trouw and France ’s Intelligence Newsletter that " several officers from the US Army ’s 4th Psychological Operations ( PSYOPS ) Group at Ft. Bragg worked in the news division at CNN ’s Atlanta headquarters last year , starting in the final days of the Kosovo War . "
Planting of news stories by officers from the 4th Army PSYOPS group apparently began in the 1980s .
According to FAIR , an unofficial strategy paper , written by an Army officer and published by the U.S. Naval War College in 1996 , urged military commanders to find ways to “ leverage the vast resources of the fourth estate ” for the purposes of “ communicating the [ mission ’s ] objective and endstate , boosting friendly morale , executing more effective psychological operations , playing a major role in deception of the enemy , and enhancing intelligence collection . ”
But now the Fourth Estate has broadened into the F — o — u — r — t — h E — s — t — a — t — e , much less of a networked conglomerate and more a patchwork of localized , independent sources of information that flows on many avenues .
How does government think it will keep control over public information now ?
True , fiber - optic cables that enter the home or business now consolidate TV , internet and telephone transmission , but cable companies are not sources of news or entertainment , at least not yet .
Is news media complicit ?
Jeff Cohen , founding director of the Park Center for Independent Media at Ithaca , writing about the Pentagon planting former generals on TV news shows to promote war , says " The biggest villain here is not Rumsfeld or the Pentagon .
It ’s the TV networks .
In the land of the First Amendment , it was their choice to shut down debate and journalism . "
Cohen goes on to say : " No government agency forced MSNBC to repeatedly feature the hawkish generals unopposed .
Or fire Phil Donahue .
Or smear weapons expert Scott Ritter .
Or blacklist former attorney general Ramsey Clark .
It was top NBC / MSNBC execs , not the Feds , who imposed a quota system on the Donahue staff requiring two pro-war guests if we booked one anti-war advocate — affirmative action for hawks . "
( May 26 , 2008 ) …
As for the major TV networks , they were not hoodwinked by a Pentagon propaganda scheme .
They were willingly complicit , and have been for decades . "
Cohen said he was n’t shocked by the recent New York Times report ( April 20 , 2008 ) exposing how the Pentagon junketed and coached the retired military brass into being " message - force multipliers " and " surrogates " for Donald Rumsfeld ’s lethal propaganda .
Military intelligence departments spent months to enlist popular support for the Iraq invasion .
The Administration even went so far as to secretly pay Iraqi journalists and news organization to write positive stories about the war , says Kevin R. Kosar of History News Network .
But just how will the federal government be able to continue propaganda like this once the news media becomes so diluted with a plethora of options for consumers ?
Inside border propaganda
Domestic misinformation is of greater significance to a constitutional republic like the United States where public opinion must be formed for governments to remain in power .
In this regard , the Federal government does n’t just aim propaganda at overseas audiences .
For example , conservative commentator Armstrong Williams had received funds from the Department of Education to promote the No Child Left Behind Act .
Another example was when the Internal Revenue Service issued a press release reminding taxpayers to pay their taxes and informing them that " America has a choice :
It can continue to grow the economy and create new jobs as the President ’s policies are doing , or it can raise taxes on American families and small businesses , hurting economic recovery and future job creation . "
In other words , do n’t go along with the government ’s plan and you get taxed .
( " Is Government Propaganda Legal ? " Kevin R. Kosar , History News Network )
Kosar says a century - old law ( 5 U.S.C. 3107 ) prohibits federal funds from being " used for the compensation of any publicity expert unless specifically appropriated for that purpose . "
And annual appropriations acts often include provisions stating " No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not here to for authorized by Congress . "
But specific prohibitions against propaganda , and the word " propaganda " itself , are difficult to find in any federal law .
Bill Sardi Archives
By now it 's old news that Google has launched the WebM project .
Despite its shortcomings , this is very exciting as at the very least , ...
The film from Warner Bros. is a post - apocalyptic Western , in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind .
brothers , and , are directing the upcoming post - apocalyptic sci- fi movie “ ” from the script bywhich stars ( Eli ) , ( Carnegie ) , ( Solara ) andwho will next be seen in “ .
” In Hughes Brothers ’ big budget post apocalyptic film Washington ( Eli ) stars as a survivor who is trying to protect a sacred book that holds the secret to saving the future of humanity in post - apocalyptic world .
Mila Kunis will play a sexy woman named Solara , who is recruited by Eli ( Washington ) ’s enemies to betray him , but later she ends up joining Washington .
Gary Oldman will play the film ’s villain , a “ despot of a small and pathetic town , ” who ’s determined to take possession of the book Eli ’s guarding .
Ray Stevenson has become the latest actor to join the sci - fi movie .
He ’s set to continue his homicidal ways – Stevenson will play an enforcer sent to kill Washington ’s title character – Eli .
Take a look at film ’s promo poster – artwork from the American Film Market .
“ The Book of Eli ” is already set for a January 15 , 2010 release date .
Even if neither of the two devices can be considered a gaming laptop per se , we checked out some reviews .
In the press release about the new MacBook Pro from 2016 , Apple says that it features the powerful Radeon Pro graphics and it delivers up to 2.3 times more performance than the previous generation – the AMD R9 M370X .
We want to see if it ’s enough to compete against Dell ’s XPS 15 with the Nvidia GeForce GTX 10150 .
The founder and editor in chief of MobileTechReview , Lisa Gade , thinks that the XPS 15 ’s Nvidia 10 series is an important leap .
The AMD 450 Pro is closer to the old GTX 950 M to 960M .
The GTX 1050 is much faster than the AMD 450 , meaning 30 - 50 % faster .
Even if the AMD 460 is an important leap in performance over the 450 , it ’s still slower than the GTX 1050 .
MacBook Pro’s Radeon
Pro fits its design , and the Radeon 450 , 455 and 460 GPUs are low power dedicated , generating less heat and consuming less power than some higher performance cards such as Nvidia GTX 1060 .
The AMD cards support 5 K monitors and considering the fact that PCs typically stop at 4 K this is an essential marketing point .
The 15 - inch MacBook Pro is able to drive 2 5 K monitors .
The Radeon 450 is almost as good as Nvidia GTX 960M used for the Dell XPS 15 .
Even if the AMD 460 is a bit behind the old GTX 970M , the higher end AMD cards are great .
The Executive Director from PC World , Gordon Ung , said that the MacBook Pro 15 probably frustrates the users because it ’s slightly performance - comprised .
It ’s pretty hard to pack a quad - core Intel processor ( 2.6 GHz Intel Core i7-6700 HQ 6th gen “ Skylake ” ) and AMD graphics into a 4 - pound laptop .
On the other hand the device ’s battery life is rated as awesome for a 15 - inch laptop .
Dell has done a great job packing the Core i7 - 7700 HQ 7th gen Kaby Lake processor , the Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 with 4GB GDDR5 , 512 GB SSD and a huge battery of 97WHr into a 4.5 pound laptop .
We ’ll let you be the judge of who wins this battle .
NewsoftheNorth .
Net
Your Northwoods News Alternative
Paul - Martin Griepentrog 's 150 - acre family farm includes 60 Ile de France ewes , 40 Limousin cattle and free ranging yard chickens , peacocks and goats .
He cultivates about two acres of vegetables grown naturally , the old - fashioned way .
He has sold his produce at markets across the state .
Well , it 's Monday night and I 've had another long day on the farm .
Seems the weather forecaster got things wrong again , with predictions of light scattered frost that turned into a hard freeze .
That 's farming for you .
You see , I 'm the invisible spirit behind the Shady Knoll Farm 's stand at the Hodag Farmers Market .
If I 'm not farming , I spend my time advocating for the interests of small farmers .
There is a world of difference between the concerns of small , family farms like mine and large corporate operations , and yet the public and the government often lump us together or even worse : place additional restrictions , making my personal , hands - on business very difficult .
You may have heard about " traceability " lately in the news and how this will help with everything from disease control , to salmonella in tomatoes ( or was it peppers , or was it cilantro ) ?
The real problem for me is that my farm 's focus is in producing food locally , but the laws are designed for giant , impersonal businesses that deliver food across the globe .
To compound the problem , the USDA and FDA have cut their inspectors to 10 percent of what they were over the last 10 years .
Less than one per cent of all imported food gets inspected , as a result .
The laws currently being discussed to provide " traceability " in produce would require me to record every harvest of every fruit or vegetable , every time , and keep the records for at least two years .
The time wasted would be crippling .
Even worse is the proposed National Animal Identification System ( NAIS ) .
For example , if any of my free - running hens were to hatch out a brood of chicks , I would have to implant microchips , record the birth and chip numbers all within 48 hours or be subjected to penalties starting at $ 5,000 .
The big corporate outfits , however , would only need one number for an entire lot of animals .
Fortunately , it has n't been put into effect yet but the cooperative agreement ( between the state and the federal government and signed by the Wisconsin State Veterinarian ) , would , in the execution of the contract , implement the USDA 's business plan .
The USDA pays states based on the percentage of premises registered , and yet , full implementation would find me out of business .
In other words folks , what Edgar Salsbury , a former state food inspector , said rings more true today than ever before .
At our first meeting I asked him , " Which part of the law applied to food processing ? "
He replied , " The part that screws the little guy and lets the big guys get away with murder . "
What 's to be done ?
First call your state legislators and go on record as opposing the current D.A.T.C.P. ( Department of Agriculture , Trade , & Consumer Protection ) proposals .
Insist that Mandatory Premise Registration be revoked and in its place a voluntary registration with a workable opt - out clause .
Wisconsin is one of three states with mandatory premise registration .
For more information on the subject go to :
http://nonais.org/
http://www.naissucks.com/
http://www.farmandranchfreedom.org/content/node
These will get you started .
Yes , I do this farming thing for a living , but , the bottom line is that it is your food security that is at stake .
You have the right to know that what you are putting in your body , and , that what you 're serving to your family is safe and healthful and that 's what small farmers like me are trying to produce .
Well , supper 's ready and I gotta go .
上个星期就看到新闻在说，银行开始升级点钞机，为应付出现现在越来越多以假乱真的假币。因为到今天为止，从广东、福建、浙江蔓延到北京、上海、兰州，再到边远一点的绵阳等多个城市，都出现了以HD和HB编码开头的100元假币。
网上也开始出现了新闻说有人从银行的ATM机里面取出来这类假币，这样的新闻应该吓到不少人，我猜在一段时间内，银行ATM机的使用率一定会大大的降低，毕竟，绝大多数人的钱都还是属于来之不易的辛苦血汗钱，如果真的从ATM机里面取出假币，就算真的自认倒霉了，心里一定不知耿耿于怀到何年何月...所以有人士呼吁--" 请先做到别让ATM机出假币 "
虽然我一直都有着如果银行都给假钞，那我们还要不要活的这种思想从未意识到从ATM机里取出假钞的可能性；虽然近些天新闻里说从ATM机取出假币的事情也无法得到真实与否的确切证据，但今天搜索一下发现有网站对银行取款现假币的事情早在2006年就有了相关的专题的探讨，但似乎是因为是个别事件，而没有引起大家的重视。
" 大部分消费者遇到取到假钞这种事情只能自认倒霉，因为银行只会称：银行绝对不可能流出假钞！想讨说法？消费者上哪讨去！首先，如何证明这假钞是从银行取出来的就非常困难。何时取的？何地取的？如何证明这些假钞不是从其他渠道得来？你甚至不能证明你不是故意用假钞来欺诈银行！所以结果只能是，假钞被没收，自认倒霉吧！ "
有些稍显有些经验的人士有提醒，可以在ATM机取款后，当场把取到的纸币正反面以及编号编码对着提款机上的摄像头扫描一次，以便留下证据，如果到时候真的有假钞，就可以去找银行讨公道。
听起来真的是维护个人权益的不错办法，可是事实上并非如此。
摄像头录制取款的相关影像并非法律赋予银行必须履行的义务，所以银行是否要在每台ATM机上安装摄像头，而是否每台摄像头都保证每年365天24小时正常工作，这些都是银行的权利；如果真正消费者要主张从ATM机上去到假币要银行负责，谁主张谁举证吧，消费者是要能够证明假钱是从这个银行的某个提款机里面出来的(举证倒置的规则里面还没有涉及银行业务的相关规定)；所以消费者真要主张，就不是说说"
银行有监控录像为证"这么简单了，因为银行不可能自证自己出错，而银行也没有义务一定要提供监控录像，就算以ATM机的摄像头坏掉为由，拒不提供也是无可厚非的；而且为了几百块钱就跟有钱有势的银行闹上法庭，不是想出名，也会被认为是一根筋。
银行和一般民众比较，民众永远都处于弱势的一方。对于ATM机这个傲慢的机器，网络上流传着"
在ATM机上取出假钱，银行无责；网上银行被盗，储户担责；ATM机出现故障，用户负责；银行多给了钱，储户义务归还；银行少给了钱，离开柜台概不负责。"的话。
而既然说到ATM机这个傲慢的机器，我猜一定都会联想到许霆案（如果还不清楚曾经一度沸沸扬扬的许霆案的，google一下吧），不要问我的看法，我只能沉默于我现在并非法律人士而不想、也无力发表任何见解。
而这一次的假钞风波，是消费者对银行的一次信任危机，也是一次契机，不论是服务还是各项机制，都应该真正发生转变了，至少" 请先做到别让ATM机出假币 " 。
如果你想问，怎么提 防ATM机出假钞，那就是别去ATM取钱；
如果你想问，怎样做才能有比较有力的证据证明在ATM机上拿到假钞，那可以给你一个很笨，但是也还算是有效的办法，当然你不闲麻烦的话，就是每次去ATM机取钱，都拿出你的手机录下你的提款过程和取出钞票的编码，然后再当场把取到的纸币正反面以及编号编码对着提款机上的摄像头扫描一次；
那，如果你问我，我会采用这样的方法么？我会跟你说，我相信我是个很穷的好人，所以上帝不会惩罚我的，如果真的从ATM机上拿到假钞，那说明一定是赊财免灾，自认倒霉吧~
The following two tabs change content below .
Volume Control
Summary
Make volume control intuitive and easy to use .
Owner
Current status
Targeted release : Fedora 11
Last updated : 2009-04-11
Percentage of completion : 100 %
A lot of the necessary infrastructure work in PulseAudio has been done .
E.g. it is possible to associate metadata with audio streams , and classify them according to roles ( event , music , phone , ... ) .
The PulseAudio version that we ship in F11 supports " flat volumes " .
At the Sound BoF at GUADEC this year , the plans for the UI aspects of this feature were discussed in some detail : http://mail.gnome.org/archives/gnome-multimedia/2008-July/msg00001.html
Rawhide now contains changes made upstream to use libcanberra in gnome - media for sound events configuration , and thus support the Freedesktop sound theme specification .
This means that there should not be any hard requirements on esound anywhere in the stack , except in deprecated functions in some libraries .
The new sound capplet has landed in rawhide with gnome - media - 2.25.3 .
The mixer applet has been turned into a status icon .
Metacity plays the alert sound from the sound theme instead of the dreaded system bell .
Detailed Description
With the use of PulseAudio by default , it makes sense to no longer expose the unintuitive plethora of volume controls and channels that alsa exports , and which is currently reflected 1 - 1 in the gnome volume control tools ( gnome - volume - control and mixer applet ) .
PulseAudio already ships with a volume control app , pavucontrol , that is packaged for Fedora ( but not installed by default ) .
Graphical mixers ( such as the volume applet , the mixer , and the multimedia keys handler ) will be restricted to modifying PulseAudio 's default output 's mixer ( which could be aggregated outputs ) .
The control - center 's sound setup tools should react to hardware hotplug ( Bluetooth headsets / headphones , USB sound cards and webcams with microphones ) .
The control - center will also allow basic microphone checking and input level control .
The control - center should allow tweaking of multi-inputs / outputs policies ( play music to all devices , play only to headphones , etc . )
The mixer applet will be turned into a status icon , to avoid a number of problems with the applet ( may not have one , may have more than one , may have one even if there is no hardware , ... )
Below is Lennarts detailed explanation of the PulseAudio logic for handling mixers :
PA expects that the hw mixer is properly initialized by default , so that PCM output works at a " reasonable volume level " and everything else is muted .
Also , for input mic PCM recording should work at a " reasonable level " and everything else is muted .
Getting to this point requires that the database in / lib / alsa / init / * that alsa uses for this is populated .
See alsactl_init ( 7 ) for more information .
PA tries to identify a master mixer track and if that does n't exist a PCM mixer track in the alsa mixer that is exposed to the user .
If the ALSA mixer track exposes dB information , PA extends the hw mixer in software so that we always support the same dB range regardless of the limitations of the hw and that we always support per-channel volumes even when the hw does n't support this .
If the mixer track does not expose dB information , PA wo n't extend the hw mixer range in software but will only expose volume controls with per-channel volumes and at least 4 levels of volume .
If the hw mixer does n't support dB information and does n't have at least 4 levels of volume or does n't do per-channel volumes then we will ignore the hw volume control and instead do it in software .
PA will save and restore the volume of each device possibly overwriting what ALSA itself saves and restores .
There are three reasons for this : ALSA does not save the volume automatically on hot - unplug .
We extend the volume range in software and hence need to store more information that ALSA will save / restore .
I believe that volumes are a per-user setting , and not a per-system setting .
Upcoming PA versions support " flat volumes " ( and we enable this by default ) .
That will basically collapse the stream volume and device volume into one ( only supported for volume controls with dB info ) .
This follows what Vista does : the device volume is always the maximum volume of all streams playing on it .
Benefit to Fedora
The multimedia experience of Fedora users is improved by an easily understandable and much more flexible volume control model .
Scope
Affected modules are :
kernel ( ALSA ) which should trim the number of user visible hardware channels
PulseAudio to allow supporting features in the front- ends
gst-plugins - pulse should support setting application specific volumes ( see Bug # 448924 ) DONE
gnome - volume - control will need application audio tracks support DONE
gnome - settings - daemon needs changes to make the media keys control PulseAudio volume DONE
gnome - applets will loose the mixer applet .
It will be replaced by a NullApplet , to make existing panel configurations work without warnings .
DONE
gnome - control - center changes to tie in with the necessary configuration options DONE
Media apps ( totem , rhythmbox , ... ) should use the gstreamer playbin2 element to get per-stream volume support for their private volume controls , or use pulsesink directly to modify the stream volume , rather than the internal volume element .
DONE ( for Rhythmbox and Totem )
( for Rhythmbox and Totem ) metacity should be changed to play the themed alert sound instead of the system bell DONE
User Experience
Michael is playing music using his computer 's sound card / builtin speakers .
But he wants more oompf , and plugs in USB speakers .
The same sound starts blurting out of both sets of speakers
Michael realises that his builtin speakers are too teeny anyway , so wants to only play sound effects at a low volume on them , and keep on playing music through the bigger USB speakers .
If the USB speakers were to come unplugged , the sound would go back to the internal speakers .
Replugging them would get them their music back .
Tobias launches an audio chat ( via Ekiga or Skype ) with his agent , using the builtin microphone and speakers on his laptop , but wants more privacy .
He switches on his Bluetooth headset , and automatically gets sound input and output to that device for his chat .
( Note , he could be plugging in a USB headset ) .
Maeby is playing loud music on her headphones at night .
When she tries to grab a banana , the headphone jack gets unplugged .
The music automatically pauses so as to avoid making a lot of noise through the normal speakers .
( Note that a similar problem could happen with USB headphones , or a Bluetooth headset running out of battery ) .
George - Michael 's music is covered by sound effects .
He likes the sound effects , but they 're just too loud compared to his music .
He reduces the sound effects ' volume , without it affecting his music .
Screenshots :
related screenshots for [ Windows Vista ] ( thanks Bryan ! ) , and [ MacOS X ]
Additional mockups by Bryan Clark for the volume control with [ one device ] and [ multiple devices ]
How To Test
To test this , you need to have gnome - media and pulseaudio installed .
Check that you have a speaker icon in the notification area .
( Assuming you have a sound card , that is .
If you have no sound card , you should not get a speaker icon ) .
Run something that makes noise ( e.g. rhythmbox , Applications ➝ Sound & Video ➝ Rhythmbox Music Player ) , and verify that changing the volume via the popup applies immediately .
Also check that muting works , and unmuting restores the previous volume .
Run something that records sound ( e.g. gnome - sound - recorder , Applications ➝ Sound & Video ➝ Sound Recorder ) , and verify that a microphon icon appears in the notification area when you start recording .
Verify that you can control the recording level , and mute and unmute the microphone using the popup on that icon and its context menu .
Stop the recording and verify that the icon disappears .
Open the sound preferences ( System ➝ Preferences ➝ Sound ) .
Go to the Sound Effects tab and test that you can control event sound volume , the overall sound theme , and the alert sounds .
On the Input tab , test that the input level display works , and that the input volume control is effective .
On the Output tab , test that the balance slider applies its changes immediately .
Verify that the Applications tab show several playing applications correctly with their icons , and that it allows you to control their relative volume
Check that the overall output volume is also controlled by the media volume keys , and that the on screen display works .
Dependencies
PulseAudio changes to provide necessary metadata on streams .
This is all present in F10
PulseAudio support for flat volumes .
This is present in PulseAudio 0.9.15 in rawhide .
GTK + support for scroll events , etc. on status icons .
This is present in 2.15 in rawhide
Contingency Plan
Front - end changes would be backed out .
Documentation
The Sound Preferences section of the GNOME user guide has been rewritten to reflect the new UI , patch in http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=474629
Release Notes
The volume control and sound user interfaces have been rewritten to make them more intuitive and easy to use .
As a consequence , there is no volume control applet anymore .
If your panel is configured to contain a volume control applet , it will be ignored .
Instead , a volume control status icon will automatically appear in the notification area when appropriate .
Known issues include the use of non -default recording profiles .
If the sound input you want to use is not enabled with the default profile configuration , you 'll need to use pavucontrol to select it .
Integration is planned for this in Fedora 12 .
The True Cost of Credit
My former student Sean Harper has put together a nifty little web site , truecostofcredit.com , that allows you to see how much merchants are charged when you use your credit card .
I was surprised at how high the fees were .
For instance , in this example of a Mastercard , when you buy a $ 1.50 pack of gum at a convenience store , the credit - card company gets 28 cents .
Even on big - ticket items like airline tickets , the credit - card company collects nearly 3 percent .
This is not to say that there is anything wrong with those fees .
I presume that the issuing banks can choose their own fees ( within reason ) , and that there is more or less free entry — which suggests that the industry should be pretty competitive .
Merchants accept credit cards , which implies that the benefits of doing so outweigh the costs .
Nonetheless , credit - card fees turn out to be a big cost of being a retailer .
According to the numbers at the web site , if everyone used a credit card when shopping at Best Buy , credit - card companies would collect roughly $ 1 billion a year in fees from Best Buy .
( See also a nice post on Consumerist.com about truecostofcredit.com . )
ritish broadcaster Channel 4 picked up an International Emmy ® Award for best documentary for historian Niall Ferguson 's series THE ASCENT OF MONEY .
The series charts the financial history of the world , demonstrating the effect that finance had on some of the most momentous historic events .
Nov 25th , 2009 |
The most technologically advanced , eco-friendly , solar powered playground , the first of its kind in North America , is being dedicated in New Orleans ’ Lower Ninth Ward today.[social_buttons ]
The Lower Ninth Ward in New Orleans suffered catastrophic flooding after Hurricane Katrina pummeled New Orleans on August 29 , 2005 , and many of the residents lost their homes .
They also lost something else .
Playgrounds .
No playgrounds have been built in the area since then , and the children of this part of New Orleans did not have a proper place to play .
Until now .
“ This project plants one more seed of hope and renewal in New Orleans .
On behalf of Kellogg people everywhere , this playground is dedicated to the children in the Lower Ninth Ward . ” – Tim Knowlton , Kellogg VP of corporate social responsibility
Thanks to the Make it Right Foundation , PlayGreen Initiative , Kellogg ’s Corporate Citizenship Fund , KOPMAN , and BNIM Architecture , along with local architecture firm JWA , nearly $ 500,000 worth of goods and services were donated .
The playground was built sustainably by using local suppliers and native plantings , and by implementing natural means to control water flow , helping to reduce pollution and runoff .
The equipment was also constructed using sustainable methods , including the use of non-toxic , recyclable and environmentally friendly materials , and solar energy will power the electronic components of the new equipment .
Make It Right Foundation , headed by Brad Pitt , is helping to rebuild the Lower Ninth Ward .
For more info on their mission , and how you can help , go to Make It Right New Orleans .
The PlayGreen Initiative ‘s vision : “ Bring childhood development opportunities to communities worldwide , giving children a chance to not only engage in healthy , active play , but also learn the values associated with a healthy environment . ”
The donation of $ 300,000 worth of playground equipment came from KOMPAN , a leader in the design , manufacture and marketing of sustainable commercial playgrounds .
A $ 100,000 grant came from Kellogg ’s Corporate Citizenship Fund , which has contributed more than $ 40 million in cash and $ 120 million in products to charitable organizations around the world over the last five years .
This park will be an integral part of recovery for the Lower Ninth Ward , because healthy active kids with a place to play is an important piece of community .
A big thank you to the sponsors of this park !
( CNN ) -- Just as " Y2 K " and its batch of predictions about the year 2000 have become a distant memory , here comes " Twenty - twelve . "
The sun shines through the door of the Seven Dolls Temple , in the Maya ruins of Dzibilchaltun in Mexico .
Fueled by a crop of books ,
Web sites with countdown clocks , and claims about ancient timekeepers , interest is growing in what some see as the dawn of a new era , and others as an expiration date for Earth : December 21 , 2012 .
The date marks the end of a 5,126 - year cycle on the Long Count calendar developed by the Maya , the ancient civilization known for its advanced understanding of astronomy and for the great cities it left behind in Mexico and Central America .
( Some scholars believe the cycle ends a bit later -- on December 23 , 2012 . )
Speculation in some circles about whether the Maya chose this particular time because they thought something ominous would happen has sparked a number of doomsday theories .
The hype also has mainstream Maya scholars shaking their heads .
" There 's going to be a whole generation of people who , when they think of the Maya , think of 2012 , and to me that 's just criminal , " said David Stuart , director of the Mesoamerica Center at the University of Texas at Austin .
" There is no serious scholar who puts any stock in the idea that the Maya said anything meaningful about 2012 . "
Find out more about the history and culture of the Maya »
But take the fact that December 21 , 2012 , coincides with the winter solstice , add claims the Maya picked the time period because it also marks an alignment of the sun with the center of the Milky Way galaxy , and you have the makings of an online sensation .
Long Count 101  The Long Count calendar was one of several created by the ancient Maya .
 It consists of the following units of time :
kin = one day
uinal = 20 days
tun = 360 days ( 18 uinal )
katun = 7,200 days ( 20 tun )
baktun = 144,000 days ( 20 katun )
 The calendar shows the number of days elapsed since the beginning date : August 13 , 3114 B.C. ( some scholars think the date is actually August 11 , 3114 B.C. )
 The dates are written as numbers separated by periods in the following order :
( baktun ) . ( katun ) .( tun ) . ( uinal ) . ( kin )
 July 20 , 1969 -- the date of the first moon landing -- would be written as : 12.17.15.17.0
 December 21 , 2012 , would be written as 13.0.0.0.0 and the day after that as 0.0.0.0.1
Source : Howstuffworks.com
Type " 2012 " into an Internet search engine and you 'll find survival guides , survival schools , predictions and " official stuff " to wear , including T - shirts with slogans such as " 2012 The End " and " Doomsday 2012 . "
Theories about what might happen range from solar storms triggering volcano eruptions to a polar reversal that will make the Earth spin in the opposite direction .
If you think all of this would make a great sci - fi disaster movie , Hollywood is already one step ahead .
" 2012 , " a special - effects flick starring John Cusack and directed by Roland Emmerich , of " The Day After Tomorrow " fame , is scheduled to be released this fall .
The trailer shows a monk running to a bell tower on a mountaintop to sound the alarm as a huge wall of water washes over what appear to be the peaks of the Himalayas .
' Promoting a hoax '
One barometer of the interest in 2012 may be the " Ask an Astrobiologist " section of NASA 's Web site , where senior scientist David Morrison answers questions from the public .
On a recent visit , more than half of the inquiries on the most popular list were related to 2012 .
" The purveyors of doom are promoting a hoax , " Morrison wrote earlier this month in response to a question from a person who expressed fear about the date .
A scholar who has studied the Maya for 35 years said there is nothing ominous about 2012 , despite the hype surrounding claims to the contrary .
" I think that the popular books ... about what the Maya say is going to happen are really fabricated on the basis of very little evidence , " said Anthony Aveni , a professor of astronomy , anthropology and Native American studies at Colgate University .
Aveni and Stuart are both writing their own books explaining the Mayan calendar and 2012 , but Stuart said he 's pessimistic that people will be interested in the real story when so many other books are making sensational claims .
Dozens of titles about 2012 have been published and more are scheduled to go on sale in the coming months .
Current offerings include " Apocalypse 2012 , " in which author Lawrence Joseph outlines " terrible possibilities , " such as the potential for natural disaster .
But Joseph admits he does n't think the world is going to end .
" I do , however , believe that 2012 will prove to be ... a very dramatic and probably transformative year , " Joseph said .
The author acknowledged he 's worried his book 's title might scare people , but said he wanted to alert the public about possible dangers ahead .
He added that his publisher controls the book 's title , though he had no issue with the final choice .
" If it had been called ' Serious Threats 2012 ' or ' Profound Considerations for 2012 , ' it would have never gotten published , " Joseph said .
Growing interest
Another author said the doom and gloom approach is a great misunderstanding of 2012 .
" The trendy doomsday people ... should be treated for what they are : under - informed opportunists and alarmists who will move onto other things in 2013 , " said John Major Jenkins , whose books include " Galactic Alignment " and who describes himself as a self - taught independent Maya scholar .
Jenkins said that cycle endings were all about transformation and renewal -- not catastrophe -- for the Maya .
He also makes the case that the period they chose coincides with an alignment of the December solstice sun with the center of the Milky Way , as viewed from Earth .
" Two thousand years ago the Maya believed that the world would be going through a great transformation when this alignment happened , " Jenkins said .
But Aveni said there is no evidence that the Maya cared about this concept of the Milky Way , adding that the galactic center was not defined until the 1950s .
" What you have here is a modern age influence [ and ] modern concepts trying to garb the ancient Maya in modern clothing , and it just does n't wash for me , " Aveni said .
Meanwhile , he and other scholars are bracing for growing interest as the date approaches .
" The whole year leading up to it is going to be just crazy , I 'm sorry to say , " Stuart said .
" I just think it 's sad , it really just frustrates me .
People are really misunderstanding this really cool culture by focusing on this 2012 thing .
It means more about us than it does about the Maya . "
All About Cultural Anthropology • Science and Technology • Earth Science
Black , green , white , and oolong teas all come from the same plant known as Camellia Sinensis .
The more processing the leaves of the plant undergo , the darker they will turn .
( Green and white being steamed quickly , black and oolong being dried and fermented . )
Regardless of the processing method , brewed tea not only tastes good , but can have many health benefits as well ;
Tea contains antioxidants .
Antioxidants can help slow down the aging process , and help cells regenerate and repair .
Many studies suggest antioxidants also assist our bodies in preventing cancer .
Tea can lower stress hormone levels .
Black tea can reduce the effects of stressful events by lowering the amount of the stress hormone cortisol in the body .
Tea fights cavities and reduces plaque .
Compounds in tea are capable of killing or suppressing growth and acid production of cavity causing bacteria in our mouths .
Tea keeps you hydrated .
Every cup of tea you drink , especially low or no caffeine varieties , counts as a cup of water with the added bonus of providing antioxidants as well .
Tea may reduce the risk of stroke and heart attack .
Tea can help prevent formation of dangerous blood clots which are often the cause of strokes and heart attacks .
Tea can help lower blood pressure .
Drinking green tea daily can reduce your risk of hypertension by up to 50 % .
Tea aids your body in digestion .
Tea has been used for thousands of years as an after - meal digestive aid .
It can also help relieve stomach cramps .
Tea may help prevent diabetes .
There is some evidence to suggest that green tea might help to lower the risk of getting Type 2 Diabetes .
Tea can help beat bacteria .
An Egyptian study testing the effects of green tea on antibiotics found the tea to enhance the bacteria killing effects of the drugs .
Tea aids your immune defenses .
A study comparing the immune activity levels of coffee drinkers vs. tea drinkers found the tea drinkers to have levels up to five times higher .
Aside from these ten , there are many more benefits to drinking tea .
Find a variety you like , and enjoy a cup or two daily .
You might also like :
Image credit : Kanko on flickr creative commons .
( CNN ) -- Evangelical pastor Ted Haggard described Thursday as " fundamentally true " an assertion that he engaged in an inappropriate relationship with a 20 - year - old male volunteer in 2006 .
Pastor Ted Haggard acknowledged on CNN's " Larry King Live " that he had a second relationship with a man .
The incident occurred when the two men were in bed together , Grant Haas said in a videotaped interview played on CNN's " Larry King Live . "
" He pretty much asked me if it was OK if he masturbated in front of me or masturbated in the bed next to me , " Haas said .
" I told him no , it would make me really uncomfortable .
But he grabbed a bottle of lotion and started masturbating . "
Haas added , " ( Haggard ) used to say to me , ' You know what , Grant , you can become a man of God , and you can have a little bit of fun on the side . "
Haggard , 52 , said the incident was " an indicator of the compulsive behavior " that ruled him at the time .
However , he said he has been undergoing therapy during the two years since and " working it out . "
Watch Haggard accuser speak out »
Controversy involving Haggard first erupted in November 2006 , when a former prostitute , Mike Jones , said the pastor had paid him for sex over three years and had used methamphetamine in his presence .
Haggard initially admitted in interviews that he received a massage from Jones but denied having sex with him .
He also said he bought methamphetamine , but threw it away instead of using it .
The assertions received widespread news coverage and sparked charges of hypocrisy , particularly because Haggard had condemned homosexual sex .
Watch Haggard address allegations on Oprah »
Haggard is the former president of the National Association of Evangelicals , which claims to represent millions of people in 45,000 congregations nationwide .
He was also the head pastor at New Life Church .
In a settlement with New Life , the church and Haggard agreed that he would retain his six - figure salary for a year , leave the Colorado Springs area , receive counseling and not speak publicly about what had happened for one year , according to a church staff member with knowledge of the settlement but who was not authorized to speak on the record .
In the CNN interview , Haggard credited Jones with having helped him by disclosing that information .
" I think he rescued me .
I 'm very grateful to him , " Haggard said .
He said he would have lost the support of his wife of 30 years , Gail , and their five children " and been a drug addict " had he not been caught .
" I paid a heavy price .
It was stupid , " he said .
Haggard likened his struggles with his desires to the struggles faced by dieters who say , " ' I 'm not going to eat today ' and then they eat . "
" Many of the charges against me are exaggerated , but it does n't matter , " Haggard told Larry King .
" I 'm guilty enough of so many things . "
He acknowledged that his actions were hypocritical , but said he could not control his urges .
" I felt like God 's plan was for sexuality to be in a monogamous , heterosexual marriage , " he said .
" I wanted that .
But at the same time , I had these other things going on . "
Haggard said he had thought that focusing on his spiritual life would help , but found that it did not .
" It actually made me worse , " he said .
Haggard said that , for a time , he lost the ability to read the Scriptures and became suicidal .
" I think it was divine intervention that stopped me , " he said .
Asked if he has engaged in inappropriate conduct with any other men , Haggard did not give a direct answer , saying only , " I have thoroughly discussed all of my sexual history with my wife and my therapist and , to some degree , the family , and we think that 's an appropriate boundary for that . "
Asked whether he considers himself bisexual or gay , Haggard said that different therapists have described him in different ways .
" The first said , ' You are a heterosexual with homosexual attachments . '
I was n't sure what that meant . "
His current therapist , he said , described him as " a heterosexual with complications . "
Haggard said he has , at least , another year of therapy ahead of him .
" I think I 'm still deeply wounded and scarred and somewhat confused , " he said .
About other men , he added , " I have thoughts from time to time , but not compelling thoughts . "
Nevertheless , he said , " Today , I 'm 100 percent satisfied with my relationship with my wife , and I have no compelling things in my life toward others . "
He said he initially urged his wife to leave him , but she refused .
" I really do love this man , " she told CNN when asked why she did not leave .
But it was also her faith that led her to stick with the marriage , she said .
" The teaching of Jesus is that we forgive and that we love . "
She said the two had " a great sexual relationship in our marriage ... throughout marriage . "
Though the news of his unfaithfulness came as a shock , it was n't completely out of the blue , she said .
" I knew that Ted had some struggles in this area , particularly in his thoughts .
I never knew that he acted on them . "
Marcus Haggard , the couple 's 25 - year - old son , said he , too , was shocked by the revelations , but was more disturbed to learn that his father had lied .
Still , he said the news brought the family closer together .
" He had lived so long on a pedestal , " Marcus Haggard said about his famous father .
" He seemed practically perfect .
There was a sense of relief in the fact that we could connect with our dad . "
Asked if he wants to return to the pulpit , Haggard said , " I think Gail and I both want to tell our story to the degree that it 's helpful to other people .
I do n't know that that would mean a pulpit , but certainly I 'd be interested in public speaking . "
His appearance Thursday coincided with the debut of an HBO documentary called " The Trial of Ted Haggard . "
All About Ted Haggard • New Life Church
Nowadays every company seems to have a twitter profile with a real operator ( human being ) behind the scene who is communicating with customers , taking complaints , resolving existing issues and doing everything to save their online reputation .
Companies are monitoring the twitter cloud for occurrences of certain keywords – company name , product name etc. and before you know it , you get a tweet from them – showing you that they exist & they care !
How thoughtful !
Is n’t it ?
Well , that ’s just the ‘ social ’ side of it .
When a customer is talking about your company , you should be there !
But is being there just enough ?
Let ’s take a look at some of the corporate twitter accounts like dell , comcast , jetblue etc. ( Courtesy of Search Engine Journal ) .
Below are some of the similarities I have found .
If you run a business and you have a business twitter profile , than I ’m sure you fall under one or more of the points below :
* You simply broadcast whatever new happens with your company .
It ’s like a TV advertisement –
You tweet , tweet and hope that your customer sees it .
* You try to be interactive with your prospective customers .
Whenever people talks about something that you
sell or do – you jump right into the conversation and try to pitch your product / service .
* You use Twitter as one of the dedicated Customer Support channel for your business .
So when your customer is having a bad experience and they have shared it via twitter , you try to comfort the customer and help to resolve the issue .
* You use twitter as a Reputation Monitoring tool .
When someone talks about a bad experience with your company / product or service .
You try to jump right in , showing that you care and show him a light of hope .
* You just heard of twitter and you have opened up a profile with your company name to save it from those stupid name squatters .
You are yet to think of a proper strategy to run your twitter account .
* You are using twitter as you normally would , but you are just using your Business name and logo in the profile .
Now whichever point you business falls under , it ’s really not my focus today .
I ’m not here to argue on which ‘ strategy ’ works and which does n’t .
In fact I ’m not even going to touch on the ‘ social ’ factor that twitter possesses .
Twitter is an excellent social tool on the web and this is just a fact so there is no point in talking about it over and over again , because it has already shown its significance in that area .
Can Twitter be a Medium of a Information Retrieval System ?
Twitter is yet to be tested as a strong medium of an Information Retrieval System .
SMS ( Short Message Service ) has been very popular & successful in delivering On - Demand information to customers .
So for instance , if you want the latest headlines of the news , want to track your order , or want to know the exchange rate of a currency –
What you usually do is simply send an SMS to a specific number ( provided by the mobile operator ) and you get the details instantaneously on your mobile inbox .
The service is not necessarily offered by the mobile operator , in most cases it ’s created & maintained by the 3rd party providers .
They simply lease a pretty number ( e.g. 1111 , 2000 , 3232 etc. ) from the operator and share the profit with them as per their agreement .
Now SMS is becoming history , people are sending less ‘ text ’ messages and relaying more on twitter .
So I am very surprised why no one is looking at the possibility that twitter can actually replace SMS in terms of On - Demand Information Retrieval & Marketing .
Here are some scenarios :
Amazon & Dell can start allowing users to track their orders via Twitter – It can be fairly simple .
Customers will simply follow a specific twitter account for tracking purpose ( i.e. @ AmazonTrack , @ DellTrack ) and they can send a DM to the account with a keyword followed by their tracking number / order number etc .
So something like :
DM @DellTrack Track 1033910
Then within seconds DellTrack will query a database containing the order number and DM back the customer with the details :
Order Status : 1033910 – Dispatched 19:09 – 02/01/09 ( Details : http://dell.com/tracking/twitter/?o=1033910/)
Some third party service is already doing this for Postal Mail / Parcel Tracking for Fedex , UPS , USPS , and DHL etc .
But why are n’t those companies doing these themselves ?
Airlines can give away Flight information via Twitter – I found a few airlines on twitter – ( e.g. SouthEast , American Airlines , Delta etc . )
But most of them are just sticking to the social aspect of twitter .
But from a customer point of view I think it would be really useful if a person could just send a tweet and know what time his flight is or from which gate its boarding etc .
So all you need is to follow their twitter account and send a “ DM ” which will automatically make the ‘ bot ’ to query the Database and send you a direct message with the details requested .
Service Industry can use Twitter for Customer Support – Whether you are a mobile operator , an ISP or a Web Hosting company , you can provide your customer with an extra channel of support via twitter .
For example , customer can be allowed to assign one twitter account with the service that you profile .
Let ’s assume for now that it ’s a hosting industry .
And for those quick support queries ( e.g. My Site is down , How Can I do XyZ ) , a customer can simply send a DM to the Support ’s Twitter account ( Without having to make that call or write an email ) .
The system will automatically generate a ticket for that support request and let the user know the ticket number via DM .
Since this will be integrated with the host ’s support system , so all those ‘ tweets ’ will actually be received by the support team via Email .
They will simply respond to the email and its cut - down version will be automatically DMed to the user with a link to the full response .
Schools / Colleges can give away their Results via Twitter – A student can DM @ StanfordResults with their ID & DOB and get the result of the current term .
Love Sports ?
Get the latest updates via Twitter – A sports freak can get the latest score of his favorite sport by simply sending a tweet .
Make a Doctor ’s Appointment with Twitter – No need to make that call , just tweet and you automatically know whether your doctor is available on your chosen time - slot and then you can register yourself for an appointment – everything just using your twitter account .
Pay for your coffee via Twitter –
It would be cool if you could send a DM “ Pay @ Starbucks48 $ 9.99 ” to @ PaypalTwitter and automatically @ Starbucks48 ’s Twitter Paypal account will be credited with that amount .
This can also work for ordering pizza !
Random Ideas of some Twitter Based Information Retrieval Apps
World Time –
You send a tweet to @worldtime – “ time London ” and the world time bot automatically returns a message to you with the current date / time in London .
Exchange Rate / Conversion – Similar to the one above – “ 193 USD =? AUD ” .
Stock Updates –
There are many people who needs to keep a sharp eye on the stock market .
So if this app is developed users can just write @ StockUpdate GOOG and get the latest Google stock price via twitter .
They can sign - up for a auto - notification service where every hour or every day , the system can send a DM to you with the latest stock price of your preferred businesses .
Tweet Poll – I love polls and I have seen a lot of people who take polls via twitter .
But I ca n’t imagine the trouble the host needs to go through by manually counting the ‘ votes ’ .
Why not have real tweet polls that can be automated ?
So you sign up with this service and create a poll , your poll question can be a True - false type ( e.g. “ yes / no ” ) type of a MCQ type ( e.g. “ 1,2,3,4 ” ) .
Users will be asked to simply tweet the poll id and the answer to the service provider , say - @ Polldady .
( e.g. @polldaddy QS93384 3 ) .
So basically anything that exists for Mobile devices ( via SMS ) can actually be upgraded and made for twitter .
Since more users are going for mobile internet , and getting wifi access almost anywhere – sooner or later SMS will become a history and Twitter will be the next alternative for SMS .
What Needs to be done from here onwards ?
Someone needs to build a platform that will be able to ‘ host ’ some of these things mentioned above in a simple manner .
Since Evan Williams ( CEO , Twitter ) is yet to find a proper business model , I believe this is something that they should look into .
Rather than charging people money for their service , they should build a platform that businesses can subscribe to facilitate these services .
Because it will be impossible to do something in a large scale with their current API limit .
They are in the best position to host these services on the cloud .
They can even formally open up a team , to develop the ‘ systems ’ and integrate it with the company ’s existing system so that a smooth operation .
For small businesses which does n’t require much customization , Twitter can have sort of an ‘ Easy Wizard ’ that can allow the businesses to make a basic application and pay for it as they go .
Reprinted from Saad Kamal 's blog under Creative Commons .
O ne of these days , the NHL is going to get this all - star thing right , mainly because it 's pretty much run out of ways to get it wrong .
That was all too evident Saturday night during the skills competition , when once again the league turned what could have been a triumph into another head - scratcher .
The highlight should have been the breakaway competition , which featured the league 's most talented scorers trying to outdo each other with creative attempts at scoring .
But those prospects pretty much went out the window when organizers decided to employ a local junior goaltender in a lame attempt to make the stars look good .
That backfired when the kid managed to get in the way of most of the shots , even though he told CBC later that he'd been instructed to take it easy .
Don Cherry had it right last night when he chided the league for turning the event into a farce .
``Use your brain , " he thundered , aiming his words at whoever had come up with this brainstorm .
There were some great attempts at creativity , but what separated this from the NBA 's slam - dunk contest was one thing : the basketball players make the baskets .
The sad thing was that it was another wasted opportunity to exploit the talents of league 's most charismatic and skilled player : Alexander Ovechkin .
The highlight of the event was the sight of the Washington sniper clowning around by donning a silly hat and glasses while carrying two sticks .
It was more Three Stooges than Bobby Orr .
That may have been the weekend 's biggest missed opportunity .
As he showed Saturday , the effervescent Ovechkin is the star the league should be hitching its wagon to , not Sidney Crosby .
Ovechkin is as outgoing an athlete as there is , but not in a Sean Avery way .
He 's out front without being in your face .
Last night , every time he touched the puck there was a notable buzz in the crowd at Montreal 's Bell Centre .
Crosby appears to be a nice young man who may even have more potential than Ovechkin on the ice .
But as he demonstrated in a CBC interview Saturday , off the ice he 's about as charismatic as a pylon .
As for the game itself , the NHL can't really do much about tarting up a game that 's basically a fun skate .
But surely there 's got to be something it can do about the fact the most interesting thing last night was trying to predict the number of times NHL commissioner Gary Bettman would touch host Ron MacLean 's forearm during their annual intermission interview .
For the record , it was four , and there was no evidence that MacLean checked afterward to see if his watch was missing .
czelkovich@thestar.ca
Edited by Zmaji Robinson on December 31 2008 at 2:06 PM
Well Indies , we ’ve come to the end of this gaping maw of a butthole we call 2008 .
As the resident douchecack , I felt I needed to violate you one last time like R Kelly at a Girl Scouts sleepover before we cross over into 09 ′ .
This year has been bitter sweet has n’t it my Fashionophiles ?
We got our 1st black president but we lost a hot , stacked soccer mom with power suits that made Hilary Clinton ’s snicker doodle implode with jealousy .
Britney brought sexy back but Amy CrackHouse started looking like something out of Thriller .
Christian Siriano released magnificent product , taking his spot as a candidate for fashion ’s future but this season ’s Project Runway sucked man -berriez like eager back alley prostitwats .
Fashion Indie ’s Fashion Week Brooklyn was the toast of New York but Marc Jacobs continued to flash bystanders that malnourished little peen from under his crushed velvet man skirt ……….. NYPD did nothing , PIGS !
Daniel Saynt and Rebecca Alexander joined in matrimony , filling the world with love and beauteously raunchy married relations but Spencer and Heidi threatened us with the possibility of producing offspring , filling the world with fear and horror , sending some into suicidal fits of madness .
Sasha Fierce killed in Grace Jonesesque chic but made stinky poo glitter all over music .
Kanye
West pushed the limits of urban fashion but Kanye West pushed the limits of urban fashion ………….. and yes he ’s still ‘ IGNANT ’ , his brain ’s still in his ass !
Fashion Indie got more awesome - er but Annie Wintour is still in power devouring the souls of our young , all whilst enjoying high tea .
And lastly but most importantly , I ’ve never been more sexifull … …… … Put A Ring On It !
See ya on the other side Indies
- Z’maji of HauteBlogXOXO
Share
Jerry Haber and I , along with Verso Books , the publishers of A Time to Speak Out , have prepared the following statement from American Jews condemning the Gaza assault and Israeli policy toward the Palestinians .
We hope that you will sign it and encourage others you know to do so as well .
Roane Carey of The Nation has expressed some interest in publishing it there , if we succeed in getting a significant number of signatories .
We hope you will help start a viral campaign by promoting this statement as widely as you can via e mail , websites and general word of mouth .
To sign , please send your full name , title ( if you wish ) , & affiliation ( if you wish ) to this address .
It is only for signatures and not for regular correspondence .
For that , please e mail me or this site directly .
“ We Shall Not Be a Party to Their Counsel ! ”
As human beings , we are shocked and appalled at the mass destruction unleashed by the State of Israel against the people of Gaza in its current military operation , following years of Israeli occupation , siege , and deprivation .
As Americans , we protest the carte blanche given Israel by the US government to pursue a war of “ national honor , ” “ restoring deterrence , ” “ destroying Hamas , ” and “ searing Israel ’s military might into the consciousness of the Gazans . ”
As progressives , we reject the same justifications for the carnage that we heard ad nauseam from the supporters of the Second Iraq War : the so - called “ war on terror , ” the “ clash of civilizations , ” the “ need to re-establish deterrence ” – all of which served to justify a misguided and unnecessary war , with disastrous consequences for America and Iraq .
But as Jews of different religious persuasions , from Orthodox to secular atheist , we are especially horrified that a state that purports to speak in our name wages a military campaign that has killed over 1,000 people , a large percentage of them civilians , children , and non-combatants , with little or no consideration for human rights or the laws of war .
While the moral and legal issue concerning Israel ’s right to respond militarily in these circumstance can be debated , there is near - universal agreement that its conduct of the military operation has been unjust and even criminal – with only the usual apologists for the Jewish state disagreeing .
As Jews , we stand united with another Israel , the patriarch Jacob , who cursed his sons Simeon and Levi for massacring the people of Shechem in revenge for the rape of their sister Dinah .
Like Jacob , “ we shall not be a party to the counsel of zealots .
We shall not be counted in their assembly .
( See Genesis 34 . 49 : 5 - 7 ) .
As Jews , we stand united with the Jewish sages who rejected the zealotry of the Jewish “ terrorists ” at Masada , those who masked ethnic tribalism in the cloak of “ self - defense ” and “ national honor . ”
As Jews , we listen not only when the sage Hillel says , “ If I am not for myself , who will be for me ? ” but also when he says , “ If I am only for myself , what am I ? ” Hillel ’s closing words also ring true in this hour of decision when a ceasefire is demanded of both sides : “ If not now , when ? ”
Finally , as American Jewish progressives , and as human beings , we condemn Hamas and Israel for violating the human rights of civilians on both sides , although we do not necessarily declare these violations to be morally or legally equivalent .
We affirm the rights of both Israeli and the Palestinian peoples to self - determination and self - defense , as we affirm the rights of both Israelis and Palestinians to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness .
The message said staff had the day off and customers should help themselves A shopkeeper in North Yorkshire who wanted a day off on Boxing Day decided to leave his store open and let his customers help themselves .
Tom Algie , who runs the Practically Everything hardware store in Settle , returned to work at the end of the day to find an honesty box full of money .
" It was stuffed with notes and coins , " said Mr Algie .
" There was £ 187 in it and two euros , which is pretty good . "
Grateful shoppers had also left notes thanking him for trusting them .
" Somebody wrote that if it had been in Bolton the shop would have been cleaned out in two - and - a - half minutes , " said Mr Algie .
" And somebody else said if it had been Keighley it would would have been two minutes and the shop would have burnt down , which I thought was quite funny . "
Nothing had gone , nothing was missing and nothing was damaged and I had a pretty good day 's takings
Tom Algie , shopkeeper Mr Algie said he had come up with the idea when he woke up on Boxing Day morning .
" I got up and thought people need things like batteries and silver foil , the sort of things I sell .
" I wanted the shop open but at the same time I wanted the day off .
" So I thought perhaps I would just leave an honesty box and see what happened . "
When he returned to the shop that evening he was pleasantly surprised .
" Nothing had gone , nothing was missing and nothing was damaged and I had a pretty good day 's takings , " he said .
The people of Settle proved to be so honest Mr Algie said he would consider repeating the experiment another time .
However , he said he was not expecting his next door neighbour - the local branch of NatWest bank - to follow suit .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We first got into the blogging world with our website blog “ We Are not Freelancers “ .
The site is a combo of the “ Ten Pixel Method ” and hand drawn characters and letters .
A lot of people who we have met say they wish they could create something similar but will not because they can’t draw .
We say anyone can draw if you use a simple technique .
David gives you a quick lesson on how to create a hand drawn website using the ‘ do n’t lift the pencil ‘ technique .
Hand drawn technique video tip
Brought to you by : From - The - Couch
Supporting Elements
There are also few more hand drawn elements within the footer and header design .
Chris Harrison and Scott Hudson ( Carnegie Mellon University ) came up with a way to use any flat surface as a gesture based input device ( Scratch input ) .
An absolute breakthrough which makes extraordinary interactions , like for example controlling your television or music player with your wooden kitchen table , possible .
Scratch input is specifically designed to use augmented existing , passive surfaces as an input device .
Using a simple sensor which is sticked on the surface , the sound - waves are captured .
Due the fact that every movement produces a different sound - pattern , gestures can be recognized .
Interesting about it is that in a lot of cases this will make an interface redundant .
And if you do need one , you can design one that looks and feels much more natural and organic .
I could go on explaining how it works but this video does a much better job at that :
What has been explained in the video , and a bit more , can also be found in the paper they published which can be downloaded here .
Chris Harrison , is a Ph.D. student in the Human - Computer Interaction Institute at Carnegie Mellon University .
Scott Hudson is a professor at the same institute where he directs the HCII PhD program .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Efforts to change the Mac name to " Bicycle " just did n't stick " If you look backward in this business , you will be crushed .
You have to look forward . "
These are the words of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs when asked about celebrating the Mac 's 25th anniversary .
While the landmark event is being remembered by user groups , the Mac faithful and those who worked on it , the company that gave birth to the Mac is ignoring it altogether .
" It has to do with Steve 's values , " said Andy Hertzfeld , a key member of the original Macintosh development team during the 1980's .
" Apple is a reflection of Steve and he does n't want to celebrate the past .
He always said the important work is that which you do today and tomorrow , not the work you did yesterday . "
Mr Jobs ' lack of nostalgia for the Mac , which has been credited with changing the way people engage with computers , was recently displayed in an interview with Wired magazine .
He said on his return to Apple in 1997 : " I was looking for more room and I found an archive of old Macs and other stuff .
I said , " Get it away ! " and I shipped all that .... off to Stanford . "
" Artistic tour - de - force " Mr Jobs ' unsentimental view has been a boon to the Mac community and people like Bruce Damer who runs the Digibarn Computer Museum near Silicon Valley .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Apple 's other co-founder Steve Wozniack has also been a big contributor to the museum which , among other things , celebrates all things Mac related .
The artefacts include an original Mac , rare hardware and documents , the preliminary business plan , marketing materials and packaging .
" The project is a community effort celebrating an innovation that changed the world .
Until the Mac came along , computers were a chore , " said Mr Damer .
" There is something in the ether when you sit in front of a Mac .
It 's a creative space , a play space , a place I am going to have fun . "
In his book about the times called " Revolution in The Valley " Mr Hertzfeld wrote that everyone on the team was driven by a real vision to make the Macintosh " a technical and artistic tour - de - force " .
" One of Steve 's things was it was n't about software it was about everything .
Every single aspect of the machine had to be the best possible , " he told BBC News .
In the spirit of artistry , Mr Jobs had the whole team sign their names on the inside of the plastic case like an artist proud of his work .
" It 's amazing the Mac has lasted so long and had such a positive impact on the world , " said Mr Hertzfeld .
That 's a view echoed by Guy Kawasaki , a software evangelist for Apple who was one of those originally responsible for marketing the Macintosh .
" The first time I saw the Mac , it was a religious experience .
The angels started singing and the scales were removed from my eyes , " he said .
" This was a machine that worked the way you expected it to work .
We believed we would make people more creative and more productive and believed we were preventing world domination in the 1984 Orwellian sense by IBM .
" We were freedom fighters and we had a dream , " said Mr Kawasaki .
" Macheads " Central to the success of the Mac has been the community that has supported Apple through the good times and the bad .
That included the years when the company was written off as having lost its way and the ink on one of its many obituaries was all but dry .
" There is a certain vindication that we believed in the Mac way back when and now its cool and accepted as a standard , " said Raines Cohen of the Berkeley Macintosh Users Group , one of the largest in the country .
" It does feel like the Mac community has been a part of that success .
We were there during the darker times . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The makers of MacHEADS , a movie about the Mac community , said there is a downside to this 25th anniversary .
" The movie explores everything from the early days to the current days but it ends on a sad note reminiscing on the possible end of the Mac community , " said director and producer Kobi Shely .
" This is driven by the uncaring attitude of Apple .
Steve Jobs is away from Apple at the moment , they are leaving Macworld and announcing they have their stores and online to reach people and now the community is left by itself .
" I think Apple should think twice if they really want to dump the thousands of people who are devoted to the company and who are passionate in a way you just do n't normally see , " said Mr Shely .
Mr Cohen disagrees but admitted that some of that sentiment was aired at the recent Macworld Expo in San Francisco earlier this month after Apple announced it would no longer take part .
" Macworld was our place and Apple came here and now they are not but I do n't feel left behind .
" This is an opportunity for the community to take control of that environment without Apple .
It 's evolution .
It 's progression , " claimed Mr Cohen .
" Everything else stinks "
While Apple might well be ignoring this landmark date in its calendar , a few of the original development team will be getting together for a private celebration .
Mr Hertzfeld , whose business card at Apple listed his title as " Software Wizard , " recalled that in the early days the Mac project was treated almost like a joke .
" It was a tiny research project and no one thought it would amount to anything .
Even after Steve got involved , most in Apple thought this was a Steve ' back to the garage fantasy ' . " 25 years on , the Mac has evolved and is still selling strong " We , however , believed we were changing the world and we did n't need the rest of Apple to believe it .
We just needed them to stay out of our way .
" Steve of course exacerbated tensions , though I do n't think he meant to .
He would go around the company saying the Mac is great and everything else stinks . "
From the outset , Mr Hertzfeld said the Macintosh project was one he wanted to work on and when he went to ask if he could , Mr Jobs was not exactly ecstatic .
" He was sceptical if I was good enough and he said : ' Are you good enough ?
Are you creative ? ' "
" He then went on to ask others working on the project what they thought and liked what he heard .
He then came to me and said ' You 're working on the Mac . '
It was a Thursday and I said I will start on the Monday .
" That was n't good enough for Steve so he unplugged my computer and carried it away with him to the Macintosh building . "
For Mr Hertzfeld , the rest is history .
For Mr Kawasaki , the time has come for another revolution in the computer world .
" Today there has been no great leap forward .
There is nothing different .
" We need a computer that is to Macintosh what Macintosh was to the Apple II , " said Mr Kawasaki .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fujitsu Seimens this week announced its external laptop graphics solution will launch later this month .
The device is a relatively straightforward implementation of a new platform for external GPUs and other PCIe devices on laptops that was unveiled by AMD this summer .
While the current device is n't that compelling — it 's appearing on only one laptop so far — it does play Crysis , and the technology behind it has a great deal of promise .
Mobile graphics chips are generally not suitable for high - end gaming or some professional work .
Even the laptops marketed for gaming or as workstation replacements carry high price tags and fall far short of desktop parts , performance - wise , as the power consumption and heat of more capable parts simply can't be reconciled with increasingly compact laptop chassis constructions .
Battery life also suffers with the higher - end mobile parts .
The new Macbooks and Macbook Pros exemplify one approach to solving this problem .
They pack two NVIDIA GPUs , a lower performance , lower heat , lower power chip for mobile use , and a higher performance , higher heat , higher power chip for use when needed and while on wall power .
This approach , while it helps , still leaves notebooks using notebook parts , and does n't allow any upgrading .
Last year , AMD decided to solve the problem by putting the GPU outside the laptop in a breakout box .
This has been done before , in various ways , but AMD wanted to build a standardized system that would make graphics cards as swappable for laptops as they are for desktops .
The bus required for this system was a serious concern .
Although it 's barely possible to run low framerate , low resolution graphics over a USB 2.0 bus , USB is obviously unsuited for general graphics applications .
ExpressCard offers a close facsimile of PCIe in an external format , and some external graphics solutions , like the ASUS XG Station , have used it .
AMD 's internal testing , however , showed that , for gaming and video applications , the single PCIe lane offered by ExpressCard was simply inadequate to allow desktop - like graphics performance .
A new interface was needed .
AMD 's solution was simple : they brought PCIe outside the case , pin for pin .
Sunnyvale contracted with JAE for a connector which could handle PCIe bandwidth at low cost , while remaining small enough to fit on thin laptop cases .
The cable will run a short distance from a connector on the laptop to a similar connector on a breakout box , where the exact same circuitry as an internal card can perform the exact same function .
In theory , there should be no performance difference between XGP systems and the same GPU in a desktop graphics card implementation .
The XGP connector allows up to eight lanes of PCIe 2.0 , and a larger x16 connector is in the planning stages .
This physical connector is dead easy for any laptop vendor to build into their laptops , and dead easy to design external devices for , as the circuitry is the same as PCIe .
Nothing fundamental prevents it from being used on Intel or VIA laptops , or with NVIDIA GPUs , or even other PCIe devices .
New drivers should n't even be needed .
AMD , however , has done more than enable these devices .
When the platform was announced in June , AMD also announced new drivers for their Radeon GPUs that would allow them to drive the laptop 's internal screen with the external GPU on systems designed for such a feat .
Further , they 've provided reference designs for a few possible uses of the new platform , including single and dual GPU external graphics cards .
The current design closely tracks AMD 's intended use of the technology .
Fujitsu Seimens has built an XGP - compatible breakout box containing a Radeon HD3870 mobile GPU and offering HDMI and DVI ports .
This box , dubbed the AMILO Graphic Booster , is to be released as a package with Fujitsu Seimens ' upcoming Amilo 3650 laptop .
The AMILO laptop will be a fairly standard puma design with a Turion X2 Ultra ZM - 86 processor in a 13 " chassis and the standard dressings , including a Radeon 3200 integrated GPU .
The real selling point will be the Graphic booster , which purports to allow desktop - style PC gaming , rendered either on the laptop 's screen or an external monitor .
With two external monitors on the Graphic Booster and one on the laptop 's own GPU , the expansion bay will allow a total of four monitors to be used .
A pair of USB ports allow a keyboard and mouse to be connected to the expander .
The package will cost about $ 1650 , Fudzilla reported in August , and will launch later this month , Fujitsu Seimens announced this week .
If AMD 's vision comes to fruition , laptops could one day switch graphics cards more easily than desktops , allowing painless upgradability and a sort of super docking station through an XGP port , turning the laptop into a real desktop equivalent at its home base .
The laptop 's CPU could consume a larger portion of the thermal budget when onboard parts like the GPU are n't in use , allowing faster CPU performance .
But the external PCIe bus raises the possibility of options well beyond gaming .
Extra hard disks , sound cards , speakers , monitors , printers , and other peripherals , could all be connected to the XGP breakout box , or embedded in it .
In fact , future boxes could allow desktop graphics and other PCIe cards to be plugged in , giving the user freedom to choose his own external GPU or upgrade it freely .
Rendering boxes could be open loan equipment in offices .
Of course , some of these options might take up as much space as a regular desktop .
Those of us looking forward to our younger relatives asking if they can borrow our graphics cards will have to wait , though .
While the long - term potential of this idea is quite striking , its current implementation gets you a relatively anemic GPU at a high price , with a lock - in to a single model of laptop .
Over the next few years , though , it 's likely this idea will provide far more options , and bring interchangeable graphics cards and other expansion products to the laptop world .
Further reading :
It ’s that time again , the time when two of the best NFL teams of the year face off in the biggest sporting event of the year ( at least in the USA ) .
The time when people get together for Super Bowl parties to watch the game and the commercials and drink plenty of beer .
You need to wash something down with all that beer and that ’s where the party food comes in , a favorite of which is hot wings .
Every year my dad makes a batch of hot wings for our annual Super Bowl party , and they ’re the star of the gathering .
We all look forward to them every year , and below I ’ll show you how he does it …
Hot Wings
First off he bakes his wings instead of frying them .
You ’ll need a few bags of frozen chicken wings .
Spread wings evenly on a baking sheet or 2 ( They should n’t be touching each other )
Bake 30 minutes at 400 degrees , flip and bake for another 30 minutes or until brown .
The point is to make the wings nice and crispy .
Cover in sauce , and put the wings back on the sheet , arrange the cooked wings closer together ( usually I ’ll spoon a bit more sauce onto the wings ) , then bake the wings for about 10 or 15 more minutes .
This time I decided to try making a few different sauces .
First I started off with the sauce that my Dad usually makes ( These are great typical Hot Wings ) :
1 12 - oz bottle of Frank ’s Red Hot
1 12 - oz bottle of Frank ’s Red Hot 1 stick of butter ( .5 cup )
A dash of Worcestershire Sauce
Add Tabasco
Sauce until it ’s hot enough for you
For the second sauce I added a teaspoon of minced garlic ( adds some good garlic flavor , but it ’s not too different from the first sauce )
For the third sauce I added a half tablespoon of cajun seasoning ( The cajun seasoning added some great spicy flavor , recipe below )
Cajun Wings
I also made some cajun wings , and I did things a little differently than I did above .
A friend of mine recommended that I steam the wings before baking them , this will cut down on cooking time , steam off some of the fat , and keep the wings juicy on the inside while allowing them to get crispy on the outside .
I do n’t have a steamer so I used a colander , a pot and a lid , which is n’t big enough for all the wings so I only used it for the cajun wings .
So this time I steamed the wings , then dipped them in the cajun seasoning , and put them on a baking sheet .
I then baked them for 20 minutes at 400 degrees , then flipped them and baked them for another 20 minutes .
If they ’re not crispy yet , flip them again and bake them for a little bit longer .
Cajun Seasoning
Do n’t waste money buying expensive gifts
Bad news :
When your partner , friend , or sister said “ You really should n’t have ” on opening that expensive gift – they meant it .
You could have shopped smarter and saved your money instead .
Academics at the Stanford Graduate School of Business have shown that :
Most gift givers assume an expensive present is better appreciated …
… but in reality , gift receivers do n’t appreciate expensive presents much more
It turns out it really is the thought that counts .
Hey big spender !
Years ago , when I was the first of my brothers and sisters to get a well - paid job , I spent far too much on Christmas presents .
Nothing that would turn the head of a Kardashian , mind .
But maybe a multi-piece Le Creuset set for the kitchen for my mum whereas before I ’d have bought her a cookery book , or some fancy Bosch power tools instead of a Spear and Jackson spade for my dad .
But now I ’m back on the good – cheaper – stuff .
That might sound like I ’m simply older and meaner , but the problem was n’t only that my more financially generous presents did n’t really any better appreciated , or that I was miffed when I got a novelty t- shirt in return .
( Although with my head hung low , I ’ll concede I was miffed ) .
The big issue was I bought bad presents because they had a bit more bling .
In truth , I was hiding my 20 - something insecurities behind a price tag .
Worst of all , my sister pointedly told me that she felt my gifts made all her presents seem cheap .
Which was n’t exactly the gift I was trying to give .
Or even if it was ( subconsciously – because I was young and silly ) then obviously it should n’t have been .
What matters when you give a present ?
Happily we all grow up , and if we pay attention along the way we might even learn something .
Eventually I noticed that what really mattered to all of my family was whether we felt like we ’d been thought of – and understood – when the gift was chosen .
One of my sisters also went through an ‘ expensive presents with a new job ’ phase , but now we ’ve all settled down to giving smaller , more personal presents , which we can all afford to give , and that we ’re usually pretty happy to receive .
Not before time , too , as nephews and nieces have entered the gift - buying equation .
( Although honestly I ’d much rather invest for them than contribute more plastic tat to landfill . )
Anyway , it turns out my family ’s experience mirrors what academic researchers have discovered :
More money spent does not equal more happiness .
How convenient !
1 : Expensive engagement rings are n’t worth it
In one study , Stanford researchers looked at engagement rings – a one - off big ticket item where you might expect extra expenditure to pay dividends .
But in practice the researchers found :
Men consistently thought their rings were more appreciated by their fiancées the more expensive they were .
Fiancées did not rate themselves as any more appreciative if the rings were more costly .
Of course !
Because while there ’s a lot of marketing pressure on young romantics to prove their love at the jewelry store , the fact you ’re asking someone to marry you is about as big a statement you can make .
2 : More expensive birthday gifts are n’t more appreciated
In the second study , the Stanford researchers asked participants to think about a recent birthday gift :
Participants described a variety of gifts , including T - shirts , CDs , jewelry , wine , books , and home decor items .
Again , those who were givers expected that more expensive gifts would make the recipients feel significantly higher levels of appreciation .
In contrast , the recipients said they did not feel greater appreciation levels for gifts that had cost more .
Fact :
It ’s just not worth spending that extra chunk of cash .
Researchers found givers would spend $ 100 on gifts that receivers would only pay $ 80 for .
The excess $ 20 is a ‘ deadweight loss ’ in economic terms .
Now you know why those Christmas hampers are so overpriced .
If you see something the recipient would love that costs a little bit more and you can easily afford it , then sure – buy it .
Otherwise , this study is a green - light to cut 20 % off your gift budget .
3 . An iPod is n’t any more appreciated than a CD
This one did surprise me :
In the third study , participants were asked to think about giving or receiving either a CD or an iPod as a graduation present .
Once again , those who were randomly assigned to be ‘ givers ’ thought by giving the more expensive iPod their present would be appreciated more in contrast to the CD .
The ‘ receivers ’ rated no difference in appreciation levels , regardless of which item they were told to think about getting .
Perhaps the problem here is people are only being asked to imagine what it would feel like to receive a CD ?
Because I ca n’t imagine someone would really be as happy to get this CD as this iPod ( never mind this CD ) .
I ’m a geek though who a decade ago sold all his dying - format CDs for cash .
And now for the obligatory TED lecture
The good news is that giving is good for you , however much you spend , as this video from TED explains :
Hmm , maybe I should have created one of those Donate to Monevator buttons …
I could have made you all very happy !
Save money buying gifts
The message from academia is clear .
Money does n’t count for much when giving gifts , but thought and motivation matters .
Some suggestions :
Do n’t feel guilty about setting a gift budget .
You have to live within your means .
Put more time into choosing a gift that the recipient will really like .
If you believe you have n’t got enough time to shop for something special and so instead you ’re reaching for a thermonuclear price tag to get you off the hook , think about how long it ’d take you to earn the money you ’d spend on that costly quick - fix gift .
Like this you may ‘ buy ’ several hours , and hence a better , cheaper , and more appreciated present .
Try to make something happen – an experience or a one - off event – if you really want your gift to be remembered .
Happy giving !
The Simpsons is all set to finally make its debut in high definition in February , meaning you can watch Homer et al clearer than ever before .
That 's right , you get the chance to see Springfield in even greater detail ... though we doubt you 'll get any clues as to which Springfield in the US it 's actually meant to represent .
Select ... and record
The new show will be aired on 15 February on Sky One HD , which coincides with the US showing .
The same episode will be repeated on 27 February for everyone who missed it and did n't record it on their HD PVR .
Home Cinema Choice believes that this will also be the first outing for America 's favourite dysfunctional family in widescreen ... which only took 20 seasons .
But for all you HD nay - sayers out there , do n't have a cow ... it will be back in its usual 4:3 SD format by the next episode .
An enormous helium balloon floating about 24 miles above Antarctica has detected a mix of high - energy electrons so exotic that researchers say the particles must have been created by some fascinating process :
They may have been formed when dark matter particles collided and annihilated each other , or else a surprisingly close astronomical object like a pulsar could be spitting the electrons at Earth .
Researchers can't yet determine which answer is correct , but say the dark matter explanation is more exciting .
Dark matter is one of astrophysics ' greatest enigmas .
It is thought to be five times more common than visible matter , but there is no proof of what it is made of .
The existence of dark matter has largely been inferred from its gravitational effects , such as the fact that most galaxies have enough mass to remain as well - defined objects despite having too little visible matter to account for the necessary gravity [ National Geographic News ] .
If the research balloon did detect the signature of dark matter through the particles left over from collisions , it would be the closest researchers have ever gotten to seeing the mysterious stuff .
The high - energy electrons detected during the balloon 's 30 days aloft matched predictions of the kinds of particles that would be produced by the collision of theoretical dark matter particles , known as " Kaluza - Klein " particles .
The KK particles are predicted by multiple - dimension theories of the universe and have long - been a leading candidate as the substance of dark matter .
The new discovery then , if confirmed , would provide evidence that the fabric of space - time has many " compact " dimensions beyond the four that humans perceive .
" If the Kaluza–Klein annihilation explanation proves to be correct , this will necessitate a fuller investigation of such multidimensional spaces , with potentially important implications for our understanding of the Universe , " the authors conclude [ Wired News ] .
The other potential explanation discussed in the Nature article [ subscription required ] sounds almost mundane when compared to multidimensional intrigue , although it involves extraordinary astronomical objects .
If the electrons are part of the cosmic rays emitted by a pulsar ( the spinning remnant of a collapsed star ) or a microquasar ( the material that orbits a small black hole ) , that strange object would have to lie within 3,000 light years from Earth , researchers say , because high - energy electrons can't travel far through space before their energy decreases .
But the team has spent four years trying to fit the signal to such an object and has yet to find a good match [ New Scientist ] .
Related Content : Bad Astronomy : Something powerful lurks nearby has more on this discovery 80 beats : Fermi Telescope May Follow the Gamma Rays to Find Dark Matter 80 beats : Ghost in the Machine ?
Physicists May Have Detected a New Particle at Fermilab 80 beats : Galactic Collision Gives Researchers a Glimpse of Dark MatterImage : Joachim B. Isbert
Vinnie Jones has appeared in films including Snatch and X - Men
Actor Vinnie Jones has been arrested and charged after a bar fight in the US town of Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
Jones was charged with simple assault and released on bail on Friday , police told the Associated Press news agency .
Former football star Jones , 43 , was earlier treated in hospital for cuts to his face from a beer glass .
Jesse Bickett , of Montrose , South Dakota , was arrested on charges of aggravated assault for allegedly hitting Jones with a glass .
A police sergeant said Jones allegedly charged at Mr Bickett , who hit him with the glass .
The Sioux Falls Argus Leader carried pictures of Jones in the city 's Wiley 's Tavern , reportedly taken shortly before the incident on Thursday night .
A spokeswoman for Sanford USD Medical Centre said of the star : " He was brought in for observation .
He had a laceration of the head and a nasal injury .
He has since been discharged . "
Jones has starred in Snatch , Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , Gone in Sixty Seconds and X - Men : The Last Stand .
A friend of Mr Bickett said they were playing pool when Jones asked to play , and then seemed to take offence when someone asked if he was " that guy from X - Men " .
Jones earned a reputation when a professional footballer for being one of the British game 's hardest men .
He captained the Welsh football team and also played for Wimbledon , Chelsea and Leeds and was player - coach at Queens Park Rangers before turning to acting .
S.F. faces $ 575.6 million budget deficit SAN FRANCISCO
Proposed cuts up to $ 125 million expected to include health services , police academy
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom listens to questions from the media regarding yesterday 's election and the passing of proposition 8 the marriage equality proposition during a press conference at San Francisco City Hall Wednesday November 5 , 2008 less San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom listens to questions from the media regarding yesterday 's election and the passing of proposition 8 the marriage equality proposition during a press conference at San Francisco ... more Photo : Lance Iversen , The Chronicle Photo : Lance Iversen , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close S.F. faces $ 575.6 million budget deficit 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
San Francisco 's budget deficit for next year has grown to $ 575.6 million - equal to nearly half the city 's discretionary spending account .
It 's a financial crisis Mayor Gavin Newsom called one of the worst the city has experienced since the 1930s .
Newsom will announce his plan for cutting up to $ 125 million from this year 's $ 6.6 billion budget today , but gave few details about what it will include .
" This is nothing we 've seen before , " he told The Chronicle .
" As difficult as these cuts will be , the real challenge is in the next three , four , six months . "
Today 's announcement is expected to include proposals to cancel police academy classes , lay off some high - paid attorneys and cut health services , including outpatient treatment programs for the mentally ill and drug addicted .
One thing that wo n't be part of the mayor 's cuts package : slashing by 50 percent the city funds given to the Symphony , Opera and Ballet .
Supervisor Aaron Peskin called for such cuts last week ; if adopted , they would save the city about $ 1.1 million .
Peskin is also expected to present pages of cost - cutting ideas today , including the arts proposal , as a way to prevent deep cuts to the Department of Public Health and instead spread the pain around .
But Newsom said that while those three cultural institutions and the American Conservatory Theater , the Museum of Modern Art and the Exploratorium will see a 7 percent cut , the 50 percent idea is unnecessary .
" It 's more symbolic than substantive , " he said of Peskin 's proposal .
" I want to deal with the real problem , which is hundreds of millions of dollars and not hundreds of thousands . "
Peskin declined to comment Monday .
Salary givebacks or wage freezes from the unions will also not be part of today 's announcement .
Newsom said that will have to be part of the budget talks for the 2009 - 10 year , which starts July 1 .
He said he does n't necessarily want the Police Officers Association to give back its coming 7 percent pay hike , though , because San Francisco police officers make less than those in small Bay Area cities like Berkeley , Fairfield and Fremont , making recruitment difficult .
This year the mayor had control over about $ 1.2 billion in discretionary spending , with the rest of the city budget required by law to be spent in specific ways .
Nani Coloretti , the mayor 's budget director , said the midyear cuts will help because programs and positions eliminated now will mean continued savings next year .
" It means you feel pain over 18 months , not over 12 , " she said .
Downgrading positions and charging enterprise departments like Muni more for city services are also ways to save money without eliminating entire programs , she said .
Coloretti and Steve Kawa , the mayor 's chief of staff , have been making the rounds to supervisors ' offices in recent days to prepare them for today 's extensive budget cuts .
However , supervisors said the mayor 's representatives have not shared many specifics during these meetings and some have complained they 've been left in the dark .
Newsom countered that " the board will have ample time to deal with the real issue , which is next year 's budget . "
Dr Ghulam Mohammad Nader , head of Bamiyan hospital , told the BBC that the girl had been able to explain what had happened but was in a critical condition with infected wounds .
She is now being treated in the capital Kabul .
Protesters : Oakland shooting ' a modern day lynching ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday January 9 , 2009
Print This Email This Following Wednesday 's riot in Oakland , California , which grew out of protests over the fatal shooting of a young black man by a transit officer , CNN obtained a clip of reactions by several protesters .
" That 's not accident , " said one young black man .
" That 's you doing what you wanted to do .
You 're abusing your authority . "
" I see it as modern - day racism , " began a second .
" They killed that young black brother ... "
" That 's a modern - day lynching , " others interrupted .
" Modern day lynching right there . "
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Jan. 9 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Barack Obama 's sizeable army of unpaid volunteers spend their days knocking on doors and their evenings incessantly worrying .
Like a Greek chorus , they fret that the great political movement they have helped to create could go wrong at any moment or that something terrible will happen in the final brutal phase of the struggle between the Illinois senator and John McCain .
When this happens there is someone who always calms them down and ensures that the campaign stays on message : David Axelrod , chief adviser to the " no drama , Obama " campaign .
Axelrod is the one who deserves most credit for the fact that , over the past two years , the campaign has barely faltered .
When it was down 33 points in the polls this time last year and the US media were ready to crown Hillary Clinton the presumptive nominee , Axelrod resisted huge pressure to change the message and go negative .
The Chicago political strategist 's great skill is staying positive while parrying accusations hurled against whatever candidate he happens to be representing .
Tall , stooped and shambling , with a damp moustache that sometimes bears evidence of a recent meal , Axelrod is Obama 's political horse - whisperer .
More than anyone in Obama 's tight - knit team of talented advisers , he has been responsible for shepherding a candidate , unknown to most Americans a year ago , to the very threshold of the White House .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And while he counts himself a close personal friend of Barack and Michelle Obama , not a hired hand , he is known on occasion to speak the unvarnished truth about the candidate .
Fresh from the upset victory in Iowa over Hillary Clinton last January , Axelrod was asked whether there was anything to stop Obama 's winning the nomination .
" Yes , " he immediately replied , " his ego . "
These days Axelrod , or " Ax " as he is aptly called , gets a once - over from the campaign stylist before appearing in public .
He still favours earth tones and wears pullovers instead of sharp suits .
His drooping eyes have a look of constant sorrow and his voice betrays the nasal whine of the Lower East Side of New York .
But he can be wickedly funny in person , delivering a stream of wisecracks about political opponents , while barely a flicker of a smile passes his lips .
He is also a sports maniac and obsessive about baseball .
The son of " classic New York Leftists " , Axelrod grew up in a family that was just as passionate about politics .
He cut his political teeth on the streets of New York selling campaign buttons for Robert Kennedy 's tragic 1968 presidential campaign .
His own father had been an outstanding amateur baseball player in his youth , but instead turned to a career as a psychologist .
The parents divorced when Axelrod was a boy .
Later , when Axelrod was away at college in Chicago , his father committed suicide .
Years afterwards
Axelrod wrote about the burden of depression in his family , describing how it had taken him 30 years " to say out loud that the man I most loved and admired took his own life " .
Axelrod 's political consultancy AKP&D Message and Media has advised a succession of candidates since 1985 .
But he has another , more controversial second business , ASK public strategies , which specialises in tilting public opinion on behalf of corporate clients .
Ed Rollins , one of the most famous Republican strategists , has encountered Axelrod several times .
He puts him at the top of his list of " guys I never want to see lobbing grenades at me again " .
His steely determination was on display a few weeks ago when the candidates held their first debate at the university of " Ole Miss " , once a bastion of Mississippi racism .
Throughout the 90 minutes on stage , John McCain would not even look Obama in the eye and did not as much as mention his name .
On their next encounter , McCain jabbed his finger at Obama , and called him " that one " , which some interpreted as deliberately provocative .
Shortly afterwards , Axelrod wandered into the " spin room " to talk to the media .
Mobbed by cameras and dictaphones , he suggested that McCain 's " that one " remark was a less than respectful way to address a potential next president of the US .
He left it at that , saying it was for others to decide whether McCain was out of line .
That has been his style throughout the campaign .
He intervenes when he thinks it 's necessary , but stops short of incendiary accusations .
He lets his disapproval hang in the air and allows others make up their own minds .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Axelrod likes to tap into Obama 's compelling life story and compose a narrative script that is carried through the whole campaign .
His particular talent , though , is for producing short television videos that highlight a candidate 's selling points .
These videos provide the basic story of a candidate , underscoring his authenticity , which he then wraps the campaign around .
A former journalist with the Chicago Tribune , Axelrod , who is 53 , got his start in presidential politics as the campaign manager for Paul Simon , a foppish and popular Democrat .
As his reputation grew , he would later work for Bill Clinton , John Edwards and Hillary Clinton .
The pair first met in the early 1990s when Axelrod was a much bigger deal than Obama in Chicago politics .
Still in his 30s , Obama was a community organiser working on a voter registration drive on the gritty south side .
It would be many years before he would persuade Axelrod to work on his behalf and run his campaign for the US Senate .
The skill for which Axelrod has been in most demand is helping black candidates to get elected by white voters across urban areas .
Chief among these was Harold Washington , whom he helped to get elected as mayor of racially divisive Chicago .
Another was Obama 's friend Deval Patrick , the governor of Massachusetts , and more recently Michael Nutter , the popular mayor of Philadelphia .
It is doubtful that without Axelrod by his side , Obama would have ever broken on to the national scene in such a spectacular fashion .
With the presidency within Obama 's grasp , there is an understandable urge to reach for historical precedents to explain the achievement .
As it happens , the campaign is filled with baseball fans .
Axelrod is an obsessive and the campaign manager David Plouffe can spout baseball statistics all day .
And while Obama is often compared to Jackie Robinson , America 's first black baseball star , Axelrod gets a category all his own .
He is compared to Branch Rickey , the famous boss of the Brooklyn Dodgers who broke the colour barrier in the major leagues by signing Robinson in 1945 .
Prior to that , even star black athletes were confined to the " Negro Leagues " , and , idealistic as he was , Rickey realised he could get the pick of the black players if he moved first .
Hard as it is to believe , it was only four years ago that Obama pitched the audacious idea of running for the US Senate .
Axelrod 's first instinct was to talk him out of it and he suggested he run for mayor of Chicago instead .
But he was persuaded that Obama 's credentials as a community organiser , Harvard Law Review president and state legislator would forge an alliance between black voters and Chicago 's lakefront liberals .
No one questions Axelrod 's idealism in seeking to bring meaningful change to American politics , and if Obama is elected on 4 November , many expect Axelrod to stay home in Chicago with his wife and daughters rather than join a new administration .
There is no great mission or ideology in David Axelrod 's method .
Instead he has tapped into the candidate 's personal life story and sold him to voters as a new type of leader .
" My involvement was a leap of faith , " he once said of his role in an Obama campaign .
" Barack showed flashes of brilliance as a candidate during the early stages of the campaign , but there were times of absolute drudgery ...
But I thought that if I could help Barack Obama get to Washington , then I would have accomplished something great in my life . "
A life in brief
Born :
1955 in New York 's Lower East Side .
Family :
His mother Myril was a journalist and his father Joseph was a psychologist , who later committed suicide .
He and wife Susan have three children , one of whom has epilepsy .
The couple helped to found Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy in 1998 .
Early Life :
Seeing John F Kennedy speak in New York during the 1960 election had a profound impact on him and he went on to campaign for Robert F Kennedy during his 1968 campaign for the presidency .
Studied politics at the University of Chicago
Career :
Was a reporter for the ' Chicago Tribune ' , becoming a columnist in 1981 .
Left the paper to manage a successful senate campaign and founded political consultancy firm AKP&D Message and Media in 1985 .
Has worked for Hillary Clinton and on Barack Obama 's 2004 senate victory .
He says :
" I 'm mindful of the responsibility not to lose our way , not to disappoint , not to sink into the conventional and lose our soul in the process . " – on the conduct of the Obama campaign .
They say :
" David is the ultimate true believer .
He 's an idealist in a cynical world .
Deep down , he 's a dreamer . " – Sam Smith , friend and journalist .
A new way of making LEDs could see household lighting bills reduced by up to 75 % within five years .
Gallium Nitride ( GaN ) , a man -made semiconductor used to make LEDs ( light emitting diodes ) , emits brilliant light but uses very little electricity .
Until now high production costs have made GaN lighting too expensive for wide spread use in homes and offices .
However the Cambridge University based Centre for Gallium Nitride has developed a new way of making GaN which could produce LEDs for a tenth of current prices .
GaN , grown in labs on expensive sapphire wafers since the 1990s , can now be grown on silicon wafers .
This lower cost method could mean cheap mass produced LEDs become widely available for lighting homes and offices in the next five years .
Based on current results , GaN LED lights in every home and office could cut the proportion of UK electricity used for lights from 20 % to 5 % .
That means we could close or not need to replace eight power stations .
A GaN LED can burn for 100,000 hours so , on average , it only needs replacing after 60 years .
And , unlike currently available energy - saving bulbs GaN LEDs do not contain mercury so disposal is less damaging to the environment .
GaN LEDs also have the advantage of turning on instantly and being dimmable .
Professor Colin Humphreys , lead scientist on the project said : “ This could well be the holy grail in terms of providing our lighting needs for the future .
We are very close to achieving highly efficient , low cost white LEDs that can take the place of both traditional and currently available low energy light bulbs .
That wo n’t just be good news for the environment .
It will also benefit consumers by cutting their electricity bills . ”
GaN LEDs , used to illuminate landmarks like Buckingham Palace and the Severn Bridge , are also appearing in camera flashes , mobile phones , torches , bicycle lights and interior bus , train and plane lighting .
advertisement
Parallel research is also being carried out into how GaN lights could mimic sunlight to help 3 m people in the UK with Seasonal Affective Disorder ( SAD ) .
Ultraviolet rays made from GaN lighting could also aid water purification and disease control in developing countries , identify the spread of cancer tumours and help fight hospital ‘ super bugs ’ .
Funding was provided by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council ( EPSRC ) .
About GaN LEDs
A light - emitting diode ( LED ) is a semiconductor diode that emits light when charged with electricity .
LEDs are used for display and lighting in a whole range of electrical and electronic products .
Although GaN was first produced over 30 years ago , it is only in the last ten years that GaN lighting has started to enter real - world applications .
Currently , the brilliant light produced by GaN LEDs is blue or green in colour .
A phosphor coating is applied to the LED to transform this into a more practical white light .
GaN LEDs are currently grown on 2 - inch sapphire .
Manufacturers can get 9 times as many LEDs on a 6 - inch silicon wafer than on a 2 - inch sapphire wafer .
In addition , edge effects are less , so the number of good LEDs is about 10 times higher .
The processing costs for a 2 - inch wafer are essentially the same as for a 6 - inch wafer .
A 6 - inch silicon wafer is much cheaper to produce than a 2 - inch sapphire wafer .
Together these factors result in a cost reduction of about a factor of 10 .
Possible Future Applications
A lot of people have been calling Bernie Madoff ’s apparent $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme the biggest financial fraud in history .
Christopher McKenna , a business historian at Oxford University who stopped by TIME for a visit today , doubts it .
“ I think Kreuger is bigger , ” he says .
“ The question is how do you measure that .
His losses were greater than the entire debt of Sweden at that time . ”
Kreuger is Ivar Kreuger , the Swedish match - stick king ( or tåndstick konung , as TIME put it in on the October 28 , 1929 cover reproduced above ) .
Kreuger ’s global match empire survived the 1929 stock market crash , but as it unraveled in 1932 he killed himself , and the whole thing was subsequently revealed to be a giant pyramid scheme .
When sociologists began developing their first theories of white collar crime in the 1930s .
“ they were basically referring to Kreuger , ” says McKenna .
McKenna knows about all this stuff because , after writing an acclaimed history of management consulting ( published in 2006 ) he set to work studying the history of white - collar crime .
McKenna says one of his former professors tried to warn him off the subject because he worried that , in the post - Enron era , interest in the subject would fade .
Guess not .
It looks like Google is already some code with the Google AppEngine SDK that expose its future background processing support :
I just spotted this in the latest SDK release
so it looks like cron ( among other things ) is
just around the corner :
$ ls - la google / appengine / cron /
total 272
drwxr - xr-x 12 samj admin 408 17 Jan 12:18 .
drwxr - xr-x 11 samj admin 374 17 Jan 12:18 ..
-r--r--r-- 1 samj admin 27359 15 Jan 03:16 GrocLexer.py
-rw-r--r-- 1 samj admin 25813 17 Jan 12:18 GrocLexer.pyc
-r--r--r-- 1 samj admin 21071 15 Jan 03:16 GrocParser.py
-rw-r--r-- 1 samj admin 18377 17 Jan 12:18 GrocParser.pyc
-r-xr-xr-x 1 samj admin 646 15 Jan 03:16 __init__.py
-rw-r--r-- 1 samj admin 313 17 Jan 12:18 __init__.pyc
-r-xr-xr-x 1 samj admin 1909 15 Jan 03:16 groc.py
-rw-r--r-- 1 samj admin 3050 17 Jan 12:18 groc.pyc
-r -xr -xr-x 1 samj admin 7848 15 Jan 03:16
groctimespecification.py
-rw-r--r-- 1 samj admin 10029 17 Jan 12:18
groctimespecification.pyc
From the comments in the code , here 's what you can expect :
A Groc schedule looks like ' 1st , 2nd monday 9:00 ' , or
' every 20 mins ' .
This module takes a parsed schedule
( produced by Antlr ) and creates objects that
can produce times that match this schedule .
A parsed schedule is one of two types - an Interval ,
and a Specific Time .
See the class docstrings for more .
I think a lot of people have been waiting for this for a long time .
Google Blogoscoped reported that Google has finally introduced YouTube videos into Google Maps as an additional layer .
You can now view videos , in addition to the photos or wikipedia layers in Google Maps .
Here is a screen capture of the " More " button , from where you can activate the video layer :
For example , if you go to Times Square NYC , you will find many videos that have been adding to Google Maps , presumably by geocoding the videos in YouTube as belong to a certain area .
Here is one video :
So how would you help get your videos to show up in Google Maps ?
Well , when you upload a YouTube video , make sure to click on the " Date and Map Options " and then in the search box , enter in the location and set it .
Here is a screen shot illustrating :
In the past , you were able to add videos to local business listings , but this is a whole new level .
Forum discussion at DigitalPoint Forums .
( CNN ) -- Jamaal
Young was watching Barack Obama and his family greet an ecstatic crowd in Chicago , Illinois , on Election Night when he realized that something seemed wrong .
President Obama and his wife , Michelle , and their daughters , Malia and Sasha , greet the nation .
Obama did n't shout at his wife , Michelle , to shut up .
The first lady did n't roll her eyes and tell Obama to act like a man .
No laugh track kicked in , no one danced , and no police sirens wailed in the background .
Young had tuned in to celebrate the election of the nation 's first African - American president .
But he realized that he was witnessing another historic first .
A black family was being featured as the first family , not the " problem family " or the " funny family . "
" They are not here to entertain us , " says Young , a New York Press columnist .
" Michelle Obama is not sitting around with her girlfriends saying , ' My man ai n't no good . '
You 're not seeing this over - sexualized , crazy black family that , every time a Marvin Gaye song comes on , someone stands up and says , ' Oh girl , that 's my jam . ' "
The nation did n't just get a glimpse of its new first family when Obama and his family waved to the crowds on Inauguration Day .
The Obamas are offering America a new way to look at the black family , Young and other commentators say .
America has often viewed the black family through the prism of its pathologies : single - family homes , absentee fathers , out of wedlock children , they say .
Or they 've turned to the black family for comic relief in television shows such as " Good Times " in the ' 70s or today 's " House of Payne . "
But a black first family changes that script , some say .
A global audience will now be fed images of a highly educated , loving and photogenic black family living in the White House for the next four years -- and it can't go off the air like " The Cosby Show . "
" The last time we had an image of a black family that was this positive it was " The Cosby Show , " but this is the Real McCoy , " says Jacqueline Moore Bowles , national president of Jack and Jill of America Inc. , a predominantly black organization for youths .
A new vision of black intimacy
The new first family could inspire some of their biggest changes within the black family itself , some say
In 1965 , the late Daniel Patrick Moynihan , a Democratic senator from New York , warned the nation about the rise of fatherless black families .
He concluded that many black families were caught in a " tangle of pathology . "
The pathology persists .
The U.S. Census Bureau said that 69 percent of black women who gave birth in 2005 were unmarried ( it was 31 percent for white mothers ) .
The relationship between Obama and his wife may help untangle some of that pathology , some black commentators say .
It could start with black intimacy .
The American public is routinely exposed to sexually charged relationships between black men and women .
" Street lit " books with titles such as " Thugs and the Women Who Love Them , " and " A Project Chick " now crowd bookstores and public library shelves .
Yet the new first couple offers America an example of a black , passionate , marital relationship , says Jennifer Brea , a writer for EbonyJet.com .
" They are the most natural and accessible first couple this country has ever had , " Brea says .
" You see a politician give a peck on his wife 's cheek after a speech and often it looks staged .
When you look at them , you feel like that there 's this chemistry and spark . "
Several black women actually sighed as they talked about how much Obama seems to touch his wife and exchange soulful glances with her in public .
They said Obama will show young black men how to treat women -- and young black women how they should be treated .
" We do n't get to see black love , " says Heidi Durrow , the prize - winning author of the forthcoming novel , " Low Sky Dreaming . "
" But every time you see them [ the Obamas ] on stage , it 's been super , " she says .
" It 's an amazing image to see these dynamic , smart , progressive people just openly affectionate .
I 'm all for it . "
Obama 's apparent closeness to his wife may help untangle another pathology -- the preoccupation with skin color and " looking white , " Bowles , president of Jack and Jill , says .
Bowles says some powerful black men marry women who are white or fair - skinned .
Obama 's decision to marry a darker - skinned woman like Michelle Obama shows black women that black can indeed be beautiful .
" Too often successful black men look for other things ... a white woman or someone who is light , bright and darn near white , " Bowles says .
" She [ Obama ] is a true sister , and she makes no bones about it . "
' They 're not ' Bebe 's Kids ' '
But what about those blacks who have n't been considered " true sisters " or " true brothers . "
A black first family changes that script as well , some say .
Obama 's family shows that there is not one way , but many ways for someone to claim membership in the black family , some say .
Brea , the writer for EbonyJet.com , is the daughter of a white mother and a Haitian - American father .
She says she felt pressure to claim one race growing up .
She never quite felt like a full citizen .
Obama 's biracial background and his " exotic " upbringing relieves her of that pressure .
Obama will help other blacks who come from multiracial backgrounds and immigrant communities to be comfortable in their own skin , she says .
" It 's changed everything , " she says .
" You can sort of be whatever you want in all of its complexity , and it 's something to be proud of . "
The Obamas ' two daughters , Malia and Sasha , also offer America a new way to look at black kids , others say .
Throughout Inauguration Day , the two girls stood before the cameras and waved , smiled and played to the cameras .
Durrow , the author of " Low Sky Dreaming , " says it 's refreshing to see well - spoken black children on television who act nothing like " Bebe 's Kids , " the unruly black kids from the ghetto immortalized by the late black comedian Robin Harris .
" It 's wonderful for people on the world stage to see young black kids who are so poised and vivacious , " Durrow says .
" They 're not ' Bebe 's Kids . '
I see them and I get the sense that they 're going to be OK . "
Though the new first family may seem like a novelty to some , for others they are familiar .
Barbara McKinzie , international president of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority , says she grew up in a small town in Oklahoma surrounded by black couples and an extended family of teachers and neighbors , who were knit together like the new first family .
She did n't need to look at the Inauguration Day festivities to see a vibrant black family .
" It 's not new , but it appears new , " she says .
" The president and his wife and children are not a novelty in the African - American community .
" It 's the only family I 've known in my life . "
All About Barack Obama • Bill Cosby • U.S. Presidential Inauguration
SAGUENAY , Quebec , Jan. 4 ( UPI ) --
Four members of a Canadian family found slain in their home last week died in a murder - suicide pact , police confirmed Sunday .
The bodies of Marc Laliberte , 46 , of Saguenay , Quebec , and his children Joelle , 12 , Marc - Andre , 7 , and Louis - Philippe , 4 , were discovered in a house in a quiet residential area early Friday , along with Laliberte 's severely injured wife , Kathy Gauthier - Lachance , 36 , the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. reported .
Advertisement
After considering the evidence for three days , Quebec provincial police investigators now say it 's likely the parents had a pact to first kill their three children and then themselves .
Gauthier - Lachance , however , survived the alleged pact and has been hospitalized in an intensive care unit for blood loss from knife wounds , the broadcaster said .
The three children appear to have been strangled or poisoned , police said , adding there is enough evidence to pursue first - degree murder charges against Gauthier - Lachance .
Relatives told the CBC Gauthier - Lachance had been working at a shopping mall in Saguenay , but lost her job just before Christmas .
Could book lovers finally be willing to switch from paper to pixels ?
For a decade , consumers mostly ignored electronic book devices , which were often hard to use and offered few popular items to read .
But this year , in part because of the popularity of Amazon.com ’s wireless Kindle device , the e-book has started to take hold .
The $ 359 Kindle , which is slim , white and about the size of a trade paperback , was introduced a year ago .
Although Amazon will not disclose sales figures , the Kindle has at least lived up to its name by creating broad interest in electronic books .
Now it is out of stock and unavailable until February .
Analysts credit Oprah Winfrey , who praised the Kindle on her show in October , and blame Amazon for poor holiday planning .
The shortage is providing an opening for Sony , which embarked on an intense publicity campaign for its Reader device during the gift - buying season .
The stepped - up competition may represent a coming of age for the entire idea of reading longer texts on a portable digital device .
“ The perception is that e-books have been around for 10 years and have n’t done anything , ” said Steve Haber , president of Sony ’s digital reading division .
“ But it ’s happening now .
This is really starting to take off . ”
kmk420 kali Freedom Fighter
Join Date : Mar 2006 Location : So Cal Posts : 5,860
Quote : Originally Posted by rootfingers
Although I wish it were n't so , federal law trumps state , municipal , county all of it .
The United States Supreme Court just the other day said that it is not the job of Local Police to uphold Federal Law ... and is forcing Garden Grove to give back Medicine that was illegally taken --
In light of that , this could be a possible issue , that Feds have no right to violate local laws ... This is a fight between the State and the Feds ... Citizens who are in compliance with State Laws should be represented by their State AG Office -- Sorry , but that is not true --
If that was true , then all State , County , and Municipal Laws and Codes would be effectively nullified -- The United States Supreme Court just the other day said that it is not the job of Local Police to uphold Federal Law ... and is forcing Garden Grove to give back Medicine that was illegally taken -- In light of that , this could be a possible issue , that Feds have no right to violate local laws ... This is a fight between the State and the Feds ... Citizens who are in compliance with State Laws should be represented by their State AG Office --
With Red- Eyed Respect -- Jim
My GH at the pad-- __________________With
Red -Eyed Respect -- JimMy GH at the pad-- https://www.icmag.com/ic/showthread....=1#post4996785
Geezuss .
Rollerblading .
In spandex .
Christ .
This is , without a doubt , the best President Obama action figure ever : Posable , with facial expressions , interchangeable hands , katanas , 9 mm gun , assault rifle , and a lightsaber , among many other complements .
Advertisement
Seriously , the level of detail in this thing is simply amazing .
And the possibilities are endless .
I mean , what could be better than El Señor Presidente fighting the forces of Evil with dual katanas ?
OK , scrap that .
What could be better than President Obama fighting the forces of Evil armed with a lightsaber and a shotgun ?
Actually , forget about all this .
It 's silly .
Just imagine R&B Barack singing a Barry White ballad to Palestinians and Israelis and all the rest of the morons tearing each other apart , bringing peace to the planet at last .
Or failing that , pointing at them with his two index fingers and saying : " You , you , you .
YOU ! "
Must .
Buy .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Click to view [ Gamu - Toys via GusNYC - Thanks Gusto ]
William Hughes
“ Imagine there ’s no countries … Nothing to live or die for …Imagine all the people living life in peace . ” – John Lennon
Thanks mostly to U.S. President Harry S. Truman and his “ susceptibility to Zionist influence , ” Israel came into existence in 1948 .
( 1 ) Humanity , and in particular , the Palestinians , have paid dearly for his decision .
The land on which the Palestinians had been living for centuries , in peace , with a minority Jewish population , has been gradually transformed into an Apartheid state by the machinations of the Zionist Movement .
That Apartheid state , in turn , is today dominated by Israel ’s Death - Mayhem - and - Occupation Machine . ( 2 )
One wonders :
What would the world look like today , if the state of Israel had not been created in 1948 ?
Its improvident formation seems to have set in motion a chain of events , mostly negative , in the affairs of Mankind .
In the movie , “ Click , ” the lead character finds a “ universal remote ” that allows him to rewind to different parts of his life and to change what had happened .
If I possessed such a “ universal remote ” and could stop President Truman from aiding and abetting the establishment of an Israeli state , then , it is my speculation , ( a theory ) , that the following 25 propositions would probably be our present day reality .
They are :
1. The U.S. would not have any enemies in the Islamic World .
2 . There would be no Al - Qaeda Terrorist Network .
3 . Gasoline would be selling for less than $ 1 a gallon .
4 . There would have been no 9/11 .
5 . There would be no USA Patriot Law .
6 . There would be no Homeland Security Agency .
7 . The Israeli Lobby ’s “ unmatched power ” over the U.S. ’ foreign policy , for over four decades , would not had existed .
( Its support for the Iraqi War was deemed by the experts to be “ critical . ” ) ( 3 )
8 . There would also not have been any Neocon ideologues ; like Paul Wolfowitz , William Kristol , Richard Perle , et al , to help , ( along with other “ Special Interests ” ) , to push the U.S. into an illegal war with Iraq . ( 4 )
9 . Iran would not be the next target for U.S. aggression .
( No Israel .
No “ A Clean Break ” document .
No Israeli Lobby .
No Neocons .
No need for the U.S. to attack Iran . ) ( 5 )
10 . The Zionist fink , Jonathan Pollard , would n’t be in prison for stealing U.S. military secrets and hawking them to Israel .
11 . The three million - plus Palestinians , who were forcefully dispersed from their homeland , since 1948 , by the Israeli Occupation Forces , ( IOF ) , would , instead , be living happily there today , in a free and independent state of Palestine .
There would be no Apartheid Wall , or as a corollary , a Hamas organization . ( 6 )
12 . Jerusalem would have a vibrant Christian population . ( 7 )
13 . Rachel Corrie of Olympia , WA , would be alive and well . ( 8 )
14 . The 2,544 Americans who have died in Iraq would be alive ; and the 18,777 , who have been seriously wounded there , would be fully participating in our Republic .
U.S. taxpayers would have an additional $ 295 billion , ( the cost of the war ) , in the treasury to use to serve the social needs of the people .
Universal Health Care would be a real possibility and Social Security would not be in jeopardy .
Iraq would be at peace .
There would be no Gitmo Bay detention center , or an Abu Ghraib Prison , or a reason for the Bush - Cheney Gang to gut Habeas Corpus .
No need for it to also employ torturers , or chemical weapons , or hold detainees without charges or trial .
The Geneva Convention would be respected .
The tens of thousands of innocent Iraqis , who have died as a result of the war , would instead be alive today .
( At the following footnote , see horrific photos of some of the Iraqi dead . ) ( 9 )
15 .
The battle to save our planet , its fragile ecosystem , its fast vanishing animal life and plants and to combat global warming , would be issue “ No. 1 . ” ( 10 ) Instead , we are perpetually bombarded with propaganda about defending “ Israel ’s security . ”
16 .
If there was no Israel , then the “ five dancing Israelis ” on 9/11 would n’t have been arrested .
They were nailed after “ celebrating ” in NJ , while watching the Twin Towers collapsed . ( 11 )
17 . U.S. taxpayers would be $ 140 billion richer !
This is the staggering amount they have shelled out over the last 58 years to support the ultra- greedy interests of the Zionist Cartel . ( 3 )
18 . The 34 Americans onboard the USS Liberty , who were slaughtered by the IOF , on June 8 , 1967 , would be alive today ; and the 174 others who had suffered injuries that day would not have had to endure their horrific experiences .
The shame the U.S. carries for not having quickly defended the men of the Liberty , and retaliated against the Israelis for their deliberate attack on the vessel , would have been avoided . ( 12 )
19 .
On June 13 , 2006 , the IOF killed ten Palestinians , including three medical workers and two children , in the Gaza Strip .
The Palestinian President , Mahmoud Abbas , labeled the missile attack an example of “ state terrorism . ”
Only God knows how many Palestinians the Israelis have actually wasted since 1948 ; or exactly how many refugees it has created , or how many homes , a la Oliver Cromwell , the IOF have demolished .
None of this would have been possible without the dubious “ state of Israel . ” ( 13 )
20 . Paul Bremer , a coat holder for Henry “ Iago ” Kissinger , would have never been appointed Viceroy for an Occupied Iraq .
No Israel .
No Iraqi War . No Zionist Bremer as Viceroy of Iraq . ( 14 )
21 . One of the reasons the Warren Commission failed to properly investigate the murder of JFK was because of Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) , a card carrying Zionist .
He was then a “ Special Counsel ” to the Commission .
He concocted the preposterous “ Magic Bullet ” theory , which shut down any real conspiracy - type probe .
It is also interesting to note , that Jacob Rubenstein , aka , “ Jack Ruby , ” Lee Harvey Oswald ’s murderer , had close ties to Meyer Lansky ’s National Crime Syndicate .
I believe the answer to who really plotted JFK ’s killing , died with Oswald .
In any event after JFK ’s death , Israel ’s nuclear weapons program , which he had opposed went ahead .
U.S. aid to Israel also increased dramatically . ( 15 )
22 . There would have been no reason for a French Ambassador to refer to Israel as “ that shitty little country . ” ( 16 )
In fact , the Jews of the world would have been liberated to fulfill their deepest spiritual quest , as embodied in their religion – Judaism .
According to the highly respected Orthodox Rabbi , Dovid Yisroel Weiss , “ Zionism has hijacked Judaism . ”
The courageous Rabbi insists that , “ Zionism creates anti-Semitism … And we know … Zionism is the root cause for the pain , suffering and bloodshed of the Jewish people …and , they , ( the Zionists ) , are the greatest factory of anti-Semitism worldwide … Judaism and Zionism is not one and the same .
They are diametrically opposite … We should not be mistaken one for the other .
And , we should n’t be responsible for the actions of what the Zionists do …
Now , another of the problems that emanate actually from the Zionist Movement is the fact that they are encroaching upon the rights of the Palestinian people , the indigenous people , who are living there .
And , this is terribly wrong .
It is against every concept of the Torah … So , whatever they are doing is totally wrong ! ” ( 17 )
23 . Thousands of Israelis have died attempting to build a nation in a land , Palestine , which belonged to another people , the Palestinians .
Their deaths would have been avoided . ( 18 )
24 . The widespread spying on Americans , without a court order , by operatives of the Bush - Cheney Gang , would have never happened .
( No Israel .
No 9/11 .
No spying on U.S. citizens . )
25 . On April 4 , 2003 , a European Union ( EU ) poll named Israel as the “ greatest threat to world peace . ” ( 19 ) On June 27 , 2006 , the IOF proved the EU right by reoccupying Gaza , savagely terrorizing the civilian population , blowing up their electric / water generating facilities , conducting a mass arrest of their elected officials , and also , without just cause , provoking the Syrians .
In response to the repeated shelling by the IOF of Gaza , Israel ’s Prime Minister , Ehud Olmert , wisecracked , “ Nobody dies from being uncomfortable ! ”
When he addressed a Joint Session of the U.S. Congress , on May 24 , 2006 , Olmert received 38 breaks of applause and 18 standing ovations from that entity of mostly lapdogs .
This is also the same Israeli leader , who , paraphrasing George Orwell ’s “ Animal Farm , ” said that he had a “ deep regret ” about the effects of some IOF ’s operations which had killed 14 innocent Palestinians in just nine days , but that the lives of Israeli citizens were “ even more important . ” ( 20 ) Finally , if there was n’t a Zionist - created Israel , there also would n’t be any need for a commentary like this one !
Notes :
1 . http://www.counterpunch.org/clark06032006.html
2 . http://www.marxists.de/middleast/schoenman/index.htm
3 . http://ksgnotes1.harvard.edu/Research/wpaper.nsf/rwp/RWP06-011/%24File/r… and , http://www.counterpunch.org/christison06162006.html
4 . http://batr.net/neoconwatch/archives/2004_12_01_neoconswatch_archive.htm… and http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/offtowar.html
5. Chalmer Johnson ’s “ Sorrows of Empire . ”
6 . http://www.ameu.org/index.asp
7 . http://hcef.org/hcef/;
Scott McConnell ’s “ Divided & Conquered , ” TAC , 07/03/06 ; http://woodstock.georgetown.edu/publications/column_Feb2001.htm; and http://www.icahduk.org/documents/SupportSabeel.htm
8 . http://www.rachelcorrie.org/
9 . http://www.afterdowningstreet.org/uncensored
10 .
http://www.globalpublicmedia.com/lectures/448
11 . http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/fiveisraelis.html
12 . http://www.ussliberty.org/
13 .
http://www.pchrgaza.org/
14 .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/Iraq/Story/0,2763,1522983,00.html
15 . Peter Dale Scott ’s “ Deep Politics and the Death of JFK ” and Stephen Green ’s “ Taking Sides : America ’s Secret Relationship with a Militant Israel . ”
16 .
http://www.themodernreligion.com/jihad/french-ambassador.html
17 .
http://www.nkusa.org/index.cfm and http://usa.mediamonitors.net/headlines/rabbi_weiss_rips_ariel_sharon_zio… and http://baltimore.indymedia.org/newswire/display/5200/index.php
18 . http://wrmea.org/
19 .
http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,,1022127,00.html
20 . Ravi Nessman ’s “ Israel Steps Up Offensive , ” AP , 07/03/06 ; Boston Globe ’s “ Agony of Gaza , ” 07/07/06 ; and http://news.independent.co.uk/world/middle_east/article1095841.ece
The Star Wars stage show will get its premiere at the O2 in London in April Star Wars fans are to feel the force of the seminal sci-fi films and their iconic soundtracks on stage in a major new show , which will launch next year .
In Star Wars : A Musical Journey , the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra will play a live score as excerpts from the six films are shown on a cinema screen .
The show has been put together by director George Lucas ' company Lucasfilm and composer John Williams .
It will premiere at the O2 arena in London in April before a European tour .
It will not be a traditional musical with actors playing characters from the films , but will feature live narrators .
The six Star Wars films have been edited down to two hours for the show , and Williams has " painstakingly rewritten " the music he wrote for the movies , a statement said .
Models and props
The Royal Philharmonic will use an 86 - piece orchestra and an accompanying exhibition will feature original models , props , costumes and production artwork .
David Campbell , chief executive of AEG Europe , which runs the O2 , said : " Star Wars holds memories for practically everyone .
" John Williams is THE composer of our times , and fans will be thrilled to know that both he and Lucasfilm have contributed fully to this new production .
" To have the premiere at the O2 is a real coup for us , and I know there will be a lot of very happy Star Wars fans out there when they hear the news . "
The show will open at the O2 on 10 April .
Tickets , costing between £ 30 and £ 100 , will go on sale on Monday .
Meanwhile the lightsabre used by Luke Skywalker in Star Wars has been sold for $ 200,000 ( £ 133,000 ) at an auction of Hollywood memorabilia in Los Angeles .
Actor Mark Hamill used the prop , which was made from an old photography flashgun , in both the original Star Wars : A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Quick Links
Phone Numbers
Student Health Services Office
848-932-7402
Counseling , Alcohol & Other Drug Assistance Program ( CAPS )
848-932-7884
If you ’re looking for counseling support in the evening or over the weekend , here are several resources :
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline : 800-273-TALK
( 8255 )
NJ Hope Line : 855-654-6735
National Crisis Text Line : Text KNIGHTS to 741741 ;
If you are a person of color you can also text STEVE to 741741 .
In cases of CAPS emergencies during office hours , call CAPS at 848-932-7884 or go to 17 Senior Street on the College Ave Campus to be seen as soon as possible .
When CAPS is closed , Acute Psychiatric Service provides 24 - hour emergency service for local residents : 855-515-5700 .
If you live outside of Middlesex county you should contact the nearest hospital emergency department .
Health Outreach , Promotion , and Education ( HOPE )
848-932-1965
Fiat 's Key Cars
It has been 25 years since Fiat sold cars and trucks in the U.S.
The deal with Chrysler could bring the Italian auto maker to America .
Here 's a look at some key models from Fiat 's brands . (
“ God bless America , ” said Gawker .
Actor Matt Damon recently called conservative columnist Bill Kristol an idiot for writing that we should all thank George W. Bush for winning the Iraq war , and now “ Drudge Report operative ” Andrew Breibart , through his website Big Hollywood , is offering Damon $ 100,000 to debate Kristol .
This could be the final showdown between rich conservatives and " evil liberal celebrities . ”
“ If you thought arguing with your liberal professor was annoying , ” said Brian Kane in Crimson Politics , imagine what a “ pain ” it would be for Kristol to debate Matt Damon .
The movie star , who “ dropped out of his English studies in Harvard has the audacity to talk about politics ” ?
He should focus on movies — he “ has n't won an Academy Award since 1997 . ”
Well , the only reason Kristol wants to do this is because he needs the publicity , said Kyle Munzenreider in the Miami New Times .
He recently parted ways with The New York Times , so it seems like he has a lot of free time on his hands .
But does n’t he have anything better to do than fight Damon in the “ public school yard ” ?
The real question is : “ Who has more to lose ? ” said Allahpundit in Hot Air .
“ If Damon — whose every interview on politics mentions his Harvard pedigree for extra gravitas " — loses , “ his lefty intellectual cred will be smashed . ”
But if Kristol is defeated , he should at least be forced to give up his chair on Fox News ' Special Report — " or maybe have it lowered by a foot or so . ”
Burger documentarian George Motz visits Dyer 's Burgers in Memphis to investigate the joint 's unique deep - fried hamburgers .
" Back then , they did n't have the flat tops and all this , so they cook in a cast - iron skillet , " Dyer 's owner Tom Robertson says .
" As you cook more burgers , the grease grows , and eventually it becomes a deep - fried hamburger .
We strain and process our grease daily , but we 've never thrown it out and started over , so somewhere in there 's molecules from 1912 .
That 's what makes it so good . "
Further Reading
Dyer 's Burgers [ Roadfood.com ]
Hamburger America [ Director George Motz 's website ]
This clip is an excerpt from burger documentary Hamburger America by filmmaker and burgermeister George Motz .
The complete video is available on DVD at Mr. Motz 's website , HamburgerAmerica.com
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Pictures of Dell 's ultra - thinner - than - Air Adamo have been dark or teasers , but here it is , fully revealed .
The form factor is gorgeous and makes the Envy look boring .
More slobbery shots this way .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
The white is marred by a supremely tacky lid — in and of itself , and for the style that it 's trying to evoke , the essence of the rapidly fading ( if not already dead ) monogram bag .
Advertisement
But !
Like I said , the form factor itself , exposed more crisply than ever by Brian Solis , is gorgeous , and I kind of want to take the black one on a date where we'd eat foie gras and chocolate truffles .
To make the body of the laptop itself thinner than the Air , Dell gave it a meaty ass , which is where it stuffed all the ports — two USB , DisplayPort , Ethernet , power .
The keyboard looks like it'll fantastic to type on as well .
Performance is still a remaining question , but it really only matters insofar as it does n't spoil the experience , kind of like going out with a model .
[ Brian Solis via Electronista ]
Four of the prominent UK OiNK uploaders arrested months ago in a sting on the popular and beloved torrent site have finally been sentenced , and they 've received mere slaps on the wrists .
Steven Diprose was sentenced to 180 hours community service , and has to pay £ 378 in Court costs .
Michael Myers was ordered to pay a £ 500 fine .
Mark Tugwell has to undertake 100 hours community service and has to pay £ 378 Court costs .
The fourth uploader , James Garner was sentenced to 50 hours community service and also has to pay £ 378 Court costs .
Advertisement
All four were found guilty of uploading pre-release albums to the pink palace , but due to them being generally good kids and having good lawyers got them out of any really serious trouble .
Site administrator Alan Ellis , however , has yet to be sentenced .
His case will appear before the court in March , but hopefully these lenient penalties will continue with him .
[ TorrentFreak ]
The farce of foreigners suing Americans for defamation in overseas forums , where the law does not sufficiently protect free speech , is so well - known that it has a fitting nickname : libel tourism .
And London is its hot destination .
Particularly since 9/11 , foreign nationals have cynically exploited British courts in an attempt to stifle any discussion by American journalists about the dangers of jihadist ideology and terrorist supporters .
At long last , U.S. politicians are waking up to the dangers posed by libel tourism , which ...
The Tribe filled their most dyer need on Saturday when they came to terms with closer Kerry Wood on a two year deal for $ 20.5 million .
There is also an $ 11 million option for a third year in 2011 if Wood can save 55 games in either of his first two seasons with the Indians .
After going to the disabled list 12 times during the first ten years of his career , many thought Wood was done .
He bounced back in 2008 after having a decent season in the bullpen in 2007 .
The bullpen seems to be a better place for wood because he is used a lot less and it puts less wear on the body .
There is no doubt that the Indians needed to find someone to fill their closer role this off season after experimenting with various relievers during the season and never finding anyone who could really hold that spot down .
Usually general managers are cautions with relievers who are coming off one of their best seasons due to the fact that most relievers usually have a good year and then a decent year due to usage .
Apparently Indians ’ GM
Mark Shapiro felt that the Tribe ’s need was too great to heed that warning and signed Wood to what many in Cleveland would consider to be big money .
Bill Jordan is a contributor to BaseballReflections.com .
He can be reached by e-mail at billjordaniv@yahoo.com .
When Glen Sommers was hired to add some features to a Cold Fusion based web application for a non-profit organization , he was n't surprised by the quality he found , instead he expected it .
The application , whose sole purpose was to manage registrations for a organization 's annual conference , was a learning experience for the original developer ( who apparently did the work for free ) .
Among its many WTF's , the app used a grand total of 1 database table with 50 + columns with generic names like PackageOne , PackageTwo , PackageThree , and so on , but The Real WTF ™ was the application 's security ... or rather , the lack thereof .
The URL Hack
When a prospective attendee wants to register for a conference , he or she first must sign in through the main page and then , if successful , would be redirected to a menu screen .
From there , they can select a conference , enter their name , address , desired conference location , date , time , etc .
During testing his changes , using the account for dummy attendant Mr. Nosmo King of Sheboygan , Wisconsin , Glen noticed that every URL in the system ended in " somepage.htm ? 10034 "
Playing devil 's advocate , he ticked the number at the end of the URL down by one and refreshed the page .
Suddenly , he found himself viewing the user details of Greg Smith .
Glen tried reproducing his test on the live system and confirmed that not only could he pull up any user 's information ... but , more frighteningly , without first having to sign in .
Glen called a meeting with the Director where he demoed what he found .
" What you have here seems serious - how long would it take to fix ? " asked the Director .
" About 16 hours to change , test , and ... "
Glen began , before getting cut off ... and shot down .
" No , no ... I do n't think we can squeeze that one in right now with the conference ' peak season ' starting so soon , " began the Director , " Besides , it 's not like we 're storing credit card info ! "
Clerical Horror !
A few months after completing his assignment with the non-profit , the Director calls up out of the blue .
" Hey Glen , we 're getting some weird behavior with one of the spreadsheets that was sent out , " began the Director , " One of the attendees says that when they view their schedule , sometimes they 're getting information for other random attendees . "
Glen requested the Director to forward to him a copy of one of the spreadsheets after poking around , what he found was ... curious .
Just on happenstance , Glen clicked on a seemingly harmless , empty cell on the spreadsheet , and was surprised to find that he was able to see information for a random conference attendee .
In fact , upon further inspection , the spreadsheet contained links to ALL conference attendees that were to attend any of the upcoming conferences .
Unsure of how the office was even creating these oddball spreadsheets ( since the original coder could n't have added a such a whiz - bang feature )
Glen came into the office to get to the bottom of things and , within minutes , he had his explanation .
What happened was that when anyone requested a spreadsheet to be sent out , the office personnel would generate a listing for all attendees that had registered for any future conferences and deleted any un-needed records rather than copy the needed records to a new spreadsheet .
Basically , a " feature " in Excel was keeping the URLs to records in the " Link to Attendee Record " column even though the visible text was being cleared .
Holding back the strong urge to begin his meeting with the Director with a " Nyah , nyah , told you so " , Glen presented his findings to the Director .
However , this time , rather than argue about cost or effort , Glen was told to get straight to work .
It was eventually revealed through the grapevine was that two ego - driven conference attendees had accidentally clicked on each others ' records and found that while one was staying at the HampTone Inn , the other was staying at the ritzy Worthington Arms Hotel and was to receive a bowl of Red M&M 's upon arrival .
To make matters worse , they both were co-presenters .
With conference attendees being a somewhat close - knit bunch , word spread , and with everybody was sticking their noses in everybody else 's records things got a bit heated after that .
The Director ultimately was forced to take the reservation system down ( read : unplug the network cable to the application 's server ) or face losing all of the organization 's registered conference attendees .
Suddenly , after having to do damage control and process reservations over fax and snail mail , money was no object and 16 hours of effort was a complete bargain .
Sexsomnia is the term US scientists use for people who perform sexual activities unconciously during sleep .
The spectrum ranges from masturbation to sexual intercourse - in the eve
...
nt that the sexsomnia patient comes across a partner .
About 80 percent of the sexsomnia cases occur with men .
( Journal of Clinical Forensic Medicine )
DETROIT  The Chevrolet Volt , a plug - in hybrid , will not arrive in showrooms until late 2010 .
But it is already straining under the weight of an entire company .
Executives at General Motors , the largest and apparently the most imperiled of the three American car companies , are using the Volt as the centerpiece of their case to a skeptical Congress that their business plan for a turnaround is strong , and that a federal bailout would be a good investment in G.M. ’s future .
In ads that ran this week , the company said of the Volt : “ This is not just a car .
It ’s a vision of our future . ”
Another claimed that the vehicle would “ completely reinvent the automotive industry . ”
There is a long tradition in Detroit of relying on a single new model or technology as a silver bullet to quickly solve bigger problems .
Sometimes it works  the Chevrolet Corvette , the Ford Mustang and Ford Taurus , and Chrysler ’s K - car lineup of compact , fuel - efficient cars in the early 1980s all gave their companies an enormous boost .
House Bill 25 , introduced in the Mississippi House of Representatives by Representative Gary Chism ( R - District 37 ) on January 6 , 2009 , and referred to two committees , Education and Judiciary A , would , if enacted , mandate the state board of education to require every textbook that discusses evolution to include a disclaimer describing evolution as " a controversial theory . "
In full , the proposed disclaimer reads :
The word " theory " has many meanings , including : systematically organized knowledge ; abstract reasoning ; a speculative idea or plan ; or a systematic statement of principles .
Scientific theories are based on both observations of the natural world and assumptions about the natural world .
They are always subject to change in view of new and confirmed observations .
This textbook discusses evolution , a controversial theory some scientists present as a scientific explanation for the origin of living things .
No one was present when life first appeared on earth .
Therefore , any statement about life 's origins should be considered a theory .
Evolution refers to the unproven belief that random , undirected forces produced living things .
There are many topics with unanswered questions about the origin of life which are not mentioned in your textbook , including : the sudden appearance of the major groups of animals in the fossil record ( known as the Cambrian Explosion ) ; the lack of new major groups of other living things appearing in the fossil record ; the lack of transitional forms of major groups of plants and animals in the fossil record ; and the complete and complex set of instructions for building a living body possessed by all living things .
Study hard and keep an open mind .
At present , the only state to require a textbook disclaimer about evolution is Alabama , which is currently using a disclaimer adopted in 2005 .
The proposed Mississippi disclaimer is evidently a hybrid of two previous versions of the Alabama disclaimer : its first paragraph is modeled on the first paragraph of the second version ( adopted in 2001 ) , while much of the remainder is modeled on the first version ( adopted in 1995 ) .
In a 1996 lecture at Auburn University , later published in the Journal of the Alabama Academy of Science , Richard Dawkins offered a paragraph - by - paragraph analysis of the first version of the Alabama disclaimer , criticizing it as " a study in ignorance and dishonesty . "
In 2000 , when the state of Oklahoma was considering adopting the first version of the Alabama disclaimer , Kenneth R. Miller agreed , concluding , " By any standard , this disclaimer fails even an undemanding test of scientific literacy . "
While Apple and Microsoft have been fighting an advertising war between Macs and PCs this year , one operating system has been very quiet .
But that 's all about to change .
The Linux Foundation , a nonprofit group dedicated to evangelizing Linux and providing financial and legal support to developers of the open - source operating system , is launching a new ad campaign .
The group is taking a cue from Microsoft 's user generated " I'm a PC " ads , asking Linux users to submit videos demonstrating the " I'm Linux " theme .
But unlike Microsoft 's campaign that paid Jerry Seinfeld $ 3 million for two commercials and acquired user videos for free , the Linux Foundation plans to compensate the winner of its contest with a free trip to Tokyo to participate in the Linux Foundation Japan Linux Symposium next October .
The group hopes the submitted videos " showcase just what Linux means to those who use it , and hopefully inspires many to try it . "
The Linux Foundation may not have the $ 300 or $ 486 million that Microsoft and Apple spent on their battles between John Hodgman and his look alike , but it does have the support of flocks of dedicated Linux users and a strong online community to defend and promote whatever comes of the contest .
The winning video will be screened at the Linux Foundation 's annual Collaboration Summit in San Francisco in April , 2009 .
The contest does not officially begin until January 26 , but users can begin submitting videos right now .
Photo : Gizmodo
See Also :
Posted by Dan Mihalopoulos and Hal Dardick at 10:37 a.m. ; last updated at 11:45 a.m .
Parking meter rates will increase next month after the Chicago City Council today overwhelmingly approved Mayor Richard Daley 's plan to lease the spots to a private firm for 75 years in return for a one - time payment of nearly $ 1.2 billion .
Some neighborhood parking meter rates will quadruple next month .
Neighborhood spots that used to cost a quarter an hour will cost $ 1 an hour --- and jump to $ 2 an hour in 2013 .
The top meter rates in the Loop will increase from $ 3 to $ 3.50 an hour , rising to $ 6.50 an hour in 2013 .
Chicago will have some of the highest parking meter rates in the nation .
Aldermen spent more than an hour debating Daley 's plan before approving it 40 - 5 , just two days after Daley unveiled it .
Voting against were Alds . Toni Preckwinkle ( 4th ) , Leslie Hairston ( 5th ) , Billy Ocasio ( 26th ) , Scott Waguespack ( 32nd ) and Rey Colon ( 35th ) .
Preckwinkle said she did not have enough time to review the deal .
Mayoral aides briefed aldermen on Tuesday .
But Ald. Richard Mell ( 33rd ) , who backs the deal , said 72 hours was enough time to review it .
" How many of us read the stuff we do get , OK ? , " Mell said .
" I try to .
I try to .
I try to .
But being realistic , being realistic , it 's like getting your insurance policy .
It 's small print , OK ? "
Ocasio ( 26th ) cited the impact on working people .
" I 'm sorry , but there are too many people in our city living paycheck to paycheck , " he said .
Ald. Thomas Tunney ( 44th ) said that as a restaurant owner , turnover at meters is good for business .
" I truly believe the city is undermetered , " he said .
" Meters are for economic activity .
They are to promote small business . "
Tunney said he does not know how history will judge the 75 - year lease , but , " this value in today 's market is an unbelievable deal . "
City officials have said the meter rate hikes will go into effect Jan. 1 , but that it will take some time to adjust all the meters .
The Tribune also live blogged the meeting and you can read it by scrolling down ...
The Chicago City Council this morning is debating Mayor Richard Daley 's plan to lease parking meters to a private company for 75 years to bring in nearly $ 1.2 billion in upfront money .
If approved as expected , meter rates will significantly increase next month .
Neighborhood spots that used to cost a quarter an hour will cost $ 1 an hour .
The top meter rates in the Loop will increase from $ 3 to $ 3.50 an hour , rising to $ 6.50 an hour in 2013 .
Chicago will have some of the highest parking meter rates in the nation .
The Tribune 's City Hall team is covering the meeting and filing reports ...
You can also watch the council meeting live by clicking here .
You can check out some Frequently Asked Questions about the deal here .
Posted at 11:20 a.m .
Ald. Billy Ocasio ( 26th ) also said he would vote against the parking meter lease .
" I 'm sorry , but there are too many people in our city living paycheck to paycheck , " he said .
Ocasio , who also recently voted against Daley 's 2009 budget , offered a lengthy and broad critique of the administration .
He said the city is targeting poorer neighborhoods with red - light cameras and more aggressive booting of cars .
Ocasio said the city could save money by not paying so much in legal settlements and not having so many public information officers .
The Tribune recently reported that the city has almost 50 public information officials who answer to the mayor 's press secretary .
" Does every department need a press secretary ? " Ocasio said .
Ald. Leslie Hairston ( 5th ) also suggested she would vote " no " for lack of information about the private operator who would lease the meters .
" I do n't really know who we are dealing with , " she said .
" We need answers before we can vote on this . "
The Tribune has reported the winning bid for the parking meters came from a company formed largely by three infrastructure funds run by New York - based Morgan Stanley , which also won the lease for downtown government - owned garages in 2006 .
The mayor 's nephew , William Daley Jr. , works for Morgan Stanley and lobbies state and Cook County officials on the firm 's behalf .
Morgan Stanley spokeswoman Marie Ali said William Daley Jr. had no involvement in the Chicago deal .
The Daley administration said the winners merely offered the biggest check of any qualified bidder .
Posted at 10:59 a.m .
During the first hour of debate , only Ald. Toni Preckwinkle ( 4th ) has indicated she would not vote for the parking meter lease .
She said she did not have enough time to review the deal .
Mayoral aides briefed aldermen on Tuesday .
If you 're sporting a modded Xbox with XBMC and you 're envious of its cousin Boxee 's native Hulu streaming , rejoice !
A plug - in can bring The Office and other NBC / Fox shows to the Xbox Media Center .
Advertisement
If you 're not already the pleased owner of a modded and media - centered xbox , check out how to transform your classic Xbox to get started .
If you 're already there , it 's time to do a little tinkering and bring streaming Hulu videos right to your living room .
The Missing Remote community has a detailed guide for doing just that .
Advertisement
The gist : Download the latest release of XBMC from T3CH and update your build .
Depending on the release you have , you might be able to update directly through the Xbox itself .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
After updating , download the XBMC plug - in for Hulu .
FTP into the root of your XBMC install and put the Hulu plug - in inside the directory / Plugins / Video / .
Now when you access the main menu of XBMC you can go to Videos -> Video Plugins ->
Hulu and watch all the streaming video you can stand right from your couch .
Thanks reeflections !
Advertisement
Hulu and XBMC [ Missing Remote ]
Emacs includes an abbreviation package that allows you to type a shortcut e.g. oc which it will expand it to ( say ) oversight committee .
And a good thing too .
I ’ve had to type rel= " nofollow " a few too many times in the past few days .
I ’d much rather type , for example " rnf " which I can add using ( define - abbrev ... ) .
Another advantage is that I can include my inline styles in abbreviations which is very handy when wordpress.com makes it a little bit inconvenient to fix the master css .
( define-abbrev global - abbrev - table " rnf " " rel= \ " nofollow\ " " ) ( define - abbrev global - abbrev - table " stcod " " style= \ " font - size : 130 % ; background : #eee ; padding : 3 px ; \ " " ) ( define - abbrev global - abbrev - table " stsrc " ( concat " < pre style= \ " font - size : 130 % ; border : 1 px solid # bbb ; " " background : #eee ; margin : 15 px 5 px ; padding : 5 px ; \ " > " ) )
Then add a hook to enable abbrev mode and you are good to go .
( add - hook ' text - mode - hook ( lambda ( ) ( abbrev- mode 1 ) ) )
Alistair Darling is bracing himself for official confirmation that Britain is in the grip of a deep recession this week , as the Ernst and Young Item Club warns that 2009 will see the sharpest peacetime contraction in the economy since 1931 .
In its quarterly health check of UK plc , the think - tank , which uses the Treasury 's economic model , warned that GDP would slump by 2.7 % this year - much worse than the 1 % decline forecast by the chancellor just two months ago in his pre-budget report .
" Things are in freefall , and it 's very hard to know just how far they 've got to fall , " said Peter Spencer , the report 's author .
" Companies are planning for the worst in 2009 , slashing investment plans and the workforce . "
He predicted the economy would continue to contract throughout 2010 , instead of bouncing back later this year , as the Treasury has predicted .
Spencer urged the chancellor to implement more radical measures immediately to rescue the embattled banking sector and unfreeze lending to firms and consumers .
He warned that the " paralysis " that has been afflicting the financial sector for months is rapidly spreading right across the economy .
Official figures will reveal on Friday that the economy shrank for a second successive quarter in the final three months of the year - the usual definition of being in recession .
Spencer said the sharp depreciation in the value of the pound over the past six months should help to create a more balanced economy once the credit crunch was over : " In the longer term , I think it 's important to realise that this is a fundamental change . "
He said the economy was likely to look very different in five or 10 years ' time , as families put more money aside for hard times , and the property crash blunts Britain 's appetite for speculating on bricks and mortar .
" I think the whole culture will change .
We need to get to the situation where people talk at dinner parties about the latest Isa , instead of the latest mortgage deal . "
Analysts will scrutinise this week 's data closely to see how rapidly the economy deteriorated .
Michael Saunders , UK expert at Citigroup , believes it may have been the weakest three - month period for the economy since 1980 .
" Recent data give a picture of relentless gloom , and suggest that economic conditions continue to deteriorate at an alarming pace , " he said .
Bank of England deputy governor John Gieve said in a speech on Friday that more cuts in interest rates were likely to be necessary in the coming months .
Modifying a Honda Civic for maximum MPG
I started this fuel economy project after the Hurricane Katrina - inspired gas price run up , as I have a long commute and , except for a few hybrids , the car companies were busy introducing models with ever poorer gas mileage .
Overview :
Background - the car & aero influences
Research & construction
Coastdown testing to calculate Cd
Update : lean burn engine installed for more MPG
What fuel economy does it get ?
What 's it like to drive ?
Compared to " regular " cars ...
Aero observations : bugs , leaves & deer
The aerodynamic modifications in detail
Cost
Aerocivic media coverage & links
Other aeromodded vehicles
Update : October , 2011 - $ 5288 in savings
As of October 2011 , my improved mileage has saved me $ 5288 in gasoline over what it would have cost me to travel the 184,955 miles at my original mileage ( pre-modified ) .
This is over a 6 year period .
Not a bad return for a $ 400 investment in aeromods .
Background - the car & aero influences
My car is a 1992 Honda Civic CX which I bought new , has an EPA fuel consumption rating of 47 mpg ( US ) highway / 39 city ( 5.0/6.0 L/100 km ...
20.0/16.6 km /L ... 56.4/46.8 mpg ( Imp. ) ) , and averaged mid 40's when driven " normally " .
Before Katrina , I had been using hypermiling techniques to get me up to an average in the high 50's , but I had to keep the speed below 55 mph ( 89 km /h ) to achieve it , which can be inconvenient to do on busy highways .
About this time I had read Phil Knox 's article " Free Fuel Riding on the Wind " in EV World where he talked about using commonplace materials from the local hardware store to lower his truck 's drag coefficient ( Cd ) and improve its gas mileage at highway speeds .
Also , having lived in Germany , I was familiar with many of the ultra - low Cd cars designed in Germany during the 1930's .
Since it did n't look like the car companies were planning to do anything in the foreseeable future about introducing a small car that would get good fuel economy on the highway , I decided to see what I could do towards improving my existing car 's gas mileage .
Research & construction
First , I studied the 1930's German cars and found one whose shape roughly matched my own car's .
This car was a streamlined 1939 Maybach designed for The Fulda Tire Company for high speed tire testing on the autobahn and could cruise at over 150 mph with a 150 hp engine .
I also researched some of the more recent low Cd concept cars that used recently developed aerodynamic techniques to clean up the airflow around the wheels .
Initially I built the aero mods in aluminum bar , Coroplast , and clear vinyl and then as they proved themselves , rebuilt them in the stronger and more permanent aluminum monocoque and Lexan , using construction techniques common on homebuilt aircraft .
Since I was building this car for use as a commuter , not a show car , or as a " no holds barred " extreme high mileage vehicle , everything I did to the car had to pay for itself in fuel savings within two year 's time .
Since it was a 15 year old car with over 350,000 miles ( 563,270 km ) on the odometer at the time that I started this project , I had no concerns with resale values .
The end result is a car with such low aerodynamic drag that it is down in concept car territory and well below the 0.25 Cd ( coefficient of drag ) of a Toyota Prius ( 3rd generation ) .
Coastdown testing to calculate Cd
Update ( Feb 2010 ) : lean burn engine installed for more MPG
The results of coast down testing are linear out to 90 mph / 145 km/h ( it coasts almost as well at 80 mph / 129 km /h as it does at 50 mph / 80 km/h ) and the Cd tested out to be 0.17 .
In the late summer of 2009 at 512,000 miles my engine and transmission were wearing out , so I had a lightly used transmission and lean burn ( VX ) engine installed in my car .
So far , the new engine is averaging 7 mpg better than the old engine .
This engine does n't get the same mileage over a broad speed range that I saw with the previous engine , but instead shows the steady decrease of mileage with increasing highway speed typical of most cars .
In the summer on a level road the new engine gets 100 mpg at a steady 60 mph and 120 mpg at 40 mph .
It has tank averages in the upper 60's in the winter and upper 70's in the summer .
I have had it remain in lean burn on a level highway up through 91 mph and estimate that it should be able to remain in lean burn up to speeds slightly above 100 mph .
What fuel economy does it get ?
The approximate mileage on a level road burning non-ethanol gasoline at 85 degrees F ambient ( 29.4 degrees C ) is :
95 mpg ( US ) at 65 mph
( 2.5 L/100 km at 105 km / h ... 40.4 km /L ... 114 mpg ( Imp . ) )
( 2.5 L/100 km at 105 km / h ... 40.4 km /L ... 114 mpg ( Imp. ) ) 85 mpg ( US ) at 70 mph
( 2.8 L/100 km at 113 km / h ... 36.1 km /L ... 102.1 mpg ( Imp . ) )
( 2.8 L/100 km at 113 km / h ... 36.1 km /L ... 102.1 mpg ( Imp. ) ) 65 mpg ( US ) at 80 mph
( 3.6 L/100 km at 129 km / h ... 27.6 km /L ... 78.1 mpg ( Imp . ) )
( 3.6 L/100 km at 129 km / h ... 27.6 km /L ... 78.1 mpg ( Imp. ) ) 50 mpg ( US ) at 90 mph
( 4.7 L/100 km at 145 km / h ... 21.3 km /L ... 60.1 mpg ( Imp . ) )
Using E10 ( 10 % ethanol / gasoline blend ) drops these numbers by about 5 mpg .
It was averaging mileage in the low 70's until E10 was introduced and is now averaging high 60's ( see current fuel economy log ) .
The flip side of the improved mileage is the increased range and I have no problems getting over 800 miles ( 1,287 km ) from my 11 US gallon ( 41.6 liters / 9.2 Imperial gallon ) tank in the summer .
What 's it like to drive ?
I have to get above 90 mph before I start to feel any wind load and it has a calculated top speed of about 140 mph with its 102 hp engine ( the OEM max speed was 95 mph ) .
The wind load I now have at 80 mph is close to what I used to have at 60 mph .
Wind noise is practically non-existent .
It 's a joy to drive on the highway since it does n't feel any wind load at normal highway speeds and loses speed MUCH more gradually than a normal car when coasting .
Compared to a " normal " car ...
This car coasts so well that when I switch from driving this car to a " normal " car , it feels as if I am driving on a road covered with molasses , and that , like a powerboat , you have to keep pouring on the power to maintain headway .
By contrast , with this car on a level road it only takes a light touch on the accelerator to maintain speed and it takes only the slightests of downhills to maintain speed in a coast .
Even a Prius now feels " draggy " at highway speeds compared to this car .
Needless to say , the car gets plenty of strange looks out on the highway and one of my biggest problem while driving out on the highway are the rubberneckers cueing up to stare and take pictures .
Aero observations : bugs , leaves & deer
A fringe benefit of the aeromods are that the bugs in the summer and salt spray in the winter pass over my car without impacting .
So I do n't have to clean dried bugs or road salt from my windshield and rarely need to wash the car to remove the dirt and salt that accumulate on the surfaces of most cars .
When driving through snow , the snow flakes ahead of the car smoothly lift , pass over the top of the car , and continue their fall undisturbed , with no zone of turbulence such as you see behind " normal " cars .
The air also moves smoothly under the car so leaves and other debris on the road move only slightly as I pass over them .
Another fringe benefit is protection from damage when encountering deer on the road , the low sloped front of the car scoops them up and over , with minimal damage to both deer and car .
It has happened to the Aerocivic .
Sound implausible ?
Watch this video of a deer colliding with the low sloped front end of a race car .
The aero modifications in detail
Boat tail
The biggest one , both in strange looks received and on its effect in improving my gas mileage is the boat tail .
This is the tapered back end of my car that resembles the back of an aircraft fuselage .
This eliminates the recirculating , low - pressure eddy that forms behind " normal " cars and that act to slow them down .
This eddy is also responsible for the dirt that accumulates on a car 's backside and allows a closely following car to improve its mileage by drafting .
As a result of my boat tail , the back end of my car remains clean and anybody drafting me would gain no mileage benefits .
Expanded storage
I took advantage when installing the boat tail of extending the interior of my car into the boat tail , so I now have an additional two and half feet of cargo space behind the back seat .
The rear glazing still functions as a hatch for access to cargo .
The boat tail also provides an additional three feet of crush space in the event I am rear ended and proved itself when I was rear ended by a high speed car .
The tail lights are completely LED and the backup lights are two tractor work lights mounted in the underside of the boat tail .
Wheel / fender skirts
The next most visible mods are the wheel well covers .
These streamline the sides of the car and as a fringe benefit , keep the sides of the car clean by eliminating the water spray that you see boiling out from the sides of most cars when driving on a wet road .
The covers are hinged at the top for tire access and front covers are equipped with rollers that the sides of the tires push against to open it as needed when making a sharp turn .
There is a spring at each lower corner that holds the cover closed when not making a turn .
Rounded nose
The rounded nose lowers my stagnation point to reduce the amount of air passing under the car .
It also houses my adjustable grill inlet so I can adjust my cooling air drag to the amount actually needed to cool the engine .
Most cars use a one - size - fits - all approach to grill inlet design with a grill opening sized for the worst case cooling scenario .
Since the underside of the engine compartment is paneled , I exhaust the radiator air out through the front wheel wells .
The rounded nose starts the air moving smoothly up over the front of the hood and over the top of the car .
It functions as a two mode bumper ; acting as a scoop when I run into deer to redirect the collision energies upwards so the deer are propelled up and over the top of my car .
But if I hit something heavier , it also provides about one foot of additional crush space as it crushes back to the car 's original bumpers .
Undertray
The car 's underside is completely paneled so the wind can travel smoothly under the car .
This is an area almost totally ignored on most cars ( except on some exotic sports cars and luxury cars ) , since out of sight is out of mind .
In addition to drag reduction , additional fringe benefits of the underbody paneling are a reduction in " road noise " , much of which is actually generated by wind turbulence under the car , and a clean engine , since mud is no longer being splashed up from below .
" Catamaran " style flow management around wheels
The wheels have been integrated into an airflow management system that splits the wind to either side of the front wheels , then keeps this divided flow moving smoothly down past the rear wheels where a wheel boat tail allows it to rejoin behind the car .
This keeps the air moving linearly under the car with minimum turbulence and greatly reduces the amount of water spray , road salt , or dust kicked up behind my car .
Side mirrors
Both rear view mirrors on the side of the car have been moved inside the glass to eliminate their contribution to drag and wind noise .
Wipers deflector
There is a small wind deflector in front of the windshield wipers to get them out of the wind flow .
Sealed panel gaps
All of the small gaps in the body around the doors and between various panels have been filled in to cut their slight contribution to wind drag .
Cost
So now , for a total materials cost of $ 400 , I 've created a car that blows away the highway mileage of any car currently in production .
I wish I could buy a car with as low drag is this one , and even though the car companies are starting to come out with higher mileage models , they still have a ways to go match the low drag and highway mileage of mine .
Aerocivic media coverage & links
Other vehicles aeromodded for better MPG :
Contact : Mike Turner ... mkturner7 [ @ ] aol d-o-t com
Iowa Planning One Billion Dollar Wind Farm
January 9th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Having almost been run off the road by Iowa ’s gusty winds , I ’m not surprised to hear about the state ’s interest in wind energy .
But the scale of its current project — a one billion dollar wind farm — is truly impressive .
The proposed Trade Wind Energy farm will feature 335 wind generators that can produce up to 500 MW of energy .
Each generator will be able to power 500 to 1,000 homes .
The generators will each be at least 1,000 feet apart , and property owners in the vicinity will receive rent for use of wind rights .
Project details have n’t been finalized , however , and the number of wind generators will ultimately depend on success in leasing property rights .
But Trade Wind Energy representatives are confident that the project will go ahead as planned since some leases have already been signed and area farmers seem receptive .
If the wind farm is approved , construction will begin in 3 to 5 years .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The father of an 11 - year - old girl has been charged with murder for sending her on a 10 - mile trek in below - freezing temperatures on Christmas Day after his car became stuck in a snowdrift .
Robert Aragon , 55 , of Jerome , Idaho , had been taking his daughter , Sage , and her brother , Bear , 12 , to visit their mother 30 miles away .
When his car came to a halt near Shoshone , he is alleged to have let the children out to walk the rest of the way .
The two children had to trudge through deep snow .
Sage was not dressed for the conditions : she had a down coat and snow boots but only pyjama bottoms .
According to the police and their mother , JoLeta Jenks , Bear said the two split up after a few miles when his sister argued in favour of abandoning the attempt to reach their mother 's and to retrace their steps to the car .
" [ Bear ] kept on telling her : ' Let 's go , Sage , let 's go , Sage ' , " Jenks said .
" She said : ' No , I 'm going back ' . "
Police were alerted after Jenks phoned Aragon to ask why the children had not turned up .
After freeing his car , Aragon had returned to Jerome with his cousin , Kenneth Quintana , who had been a passenger .
After hearing from Jenks that the children had not turned up , the police said Aragon and Quintana drove back to look for them , but without success .
The police called in all available officers to join a search and sent out a snowplough and snowmobiles .
They found Bear at a rest area on the highway at about 10 pm , about four miles from where he had left the car .
He was wearing only his underwear , having thrown away his jacket , trousers and shoes , a not uncommon reaction by people suffering from hypothermia .
Sage was found , her body mostly covered by snow , about three miles from where they had left the car .
The coroner 's office said her condition was consistent with death from hypothermia .
Quintana , quoted on the website SunValleyOnline , defended Aragon : " He did n't send those kids out there to die .
He just wanted their mother to spend Christmas with them .
" We thought their mother was going to meet up with the children .
Where was she ?
How were we supposed to know she was n't coming ? "
But Jenks said : " They did n't even call me , telling me they were walking . "
She added there was no possibility of her picking up the children as she has no car .
Aragon banged his forehead repeatedly on the defendant 's table when the charges , including second - degree murder , were read out yesterday .
When told that the charges could mean life in prison , Aragon shouted : " Oh , my God . "
Bail was set at $ 500,000 ( £ 347,000 ) .
Aragon was unable to find the money and remains in jail .
He is due to return to court on 7 January .
Jenks said she did not understand why Aragon let the children walk , but added : " I do n't need to sit and yell .
I know he 's going through hell right now . "
I ’ve kind of diverted my efforts temporarily to doing a couple of new short stories for this little Blar mini for SPX , so I decided to post up the original Blar story I did for the Fluke anthology , a little bit at a time .
Drawing Blar is tons of fun , in a highschool - notebook - doodle - ish sort of way .
Eleanor ’s knees are fine , it turned out that the “ padding ” behind the kneecaps was inflamed from the fall she took , and all she has to do is take anti-inflammatory drugs and stay off them for a week or two .
We ’ll be heading off to northern Georgia for Dean ’s wedding tomorrow , and we ’ll be staying at Robert and Mary Jessica ’s new house overnight , so we should have a fun weekend , even if Eleanor laments her new comic ( which she ’s been posting on her livejournal – the first page is here , and you should definitely start from the beginning ) being done a couple of days later than scheduled .
The Clinton Legacy The Progressive Review This list was compiled at the end of the Clinton administration .
It was last partially updated in 2000 .
A few other emendations are listed as footnotes .
Link changed .
If it does n't switch in a few seconds click here for article
ISSN 1548 -5374 Volume 4 Number 1
Do Tags Work ?
Cathy Marshall
Tag !
You 're it !
It seems that everywhere I go on the Web these days is tagged .
When I login to Flickr , the first photo I see — an artistic effort that looks to be a study of a sturdy dandelion growing from a crack in the curb — is tagged flowers , spring , scenery , lapsana , great , fotolog , ThinkFlickr Think , SuperShot , and 1 mill .
I like the photo , although it calls to mind dozens of inspirational posters , the province of the over - earnest , the literal , and the hapless striver .
Flowers ?
I can see only one .
A lapsana .
Who knew ?
Is it scenery ?
Well , it 's not a dog , although I think of scenery as grander in scale and as less ambiguous in its beauty than a lone dandelion .
Is it great ?
According to his comment , Blue Cockatoo thinks so .
How thick is the stem ?
Oh , I 'd say it 's about 1 mill .
Heckuva job , tags !
Even The New York Times , bastion of old media order and civility , is more than willing to present you with a tag cloud view of the news .
Is that a deluge of bobby fischer news I see on the horizon in the wake of his untimely demise ?
Or perhaps it 's more like a fine mist of bobby fisher rumors .
There must be a review of a japanese cell phone novel about modern love among the gay ufos in the news today too .
If we believe the cloud , Hilary Clinton is becoming more and more like Madonna and Cher , so recognizable that she no longer needs a surname .
And then I think to myself , “ suzanne pleshette ” ?
What 's Suzanne Pleshette doing there ?
Did she die , or has she entered the presidential race ? ”
With tags I 'm right on top of the news .
The promise of all these tags - the gathering clouds on the horizon , a harbinger of what can only be intellectual global warming - is nothing short of a full - fledged folksonomy .
Large segments of lawless Internet will become manageable and accessible in a way that is out of the reach of underfunded libraries and other institutions charged with information stewardship .
By harnessing the wisdom of crowds , this roiling sea of knowledge will be calmed ; its power will light a billion tiny “ aha ! ” light bulbs over a billion tiny avatar heads .
But are the tags that people create really an effective way of describing information so that it can be found and managed , folded and put in the right drawer ?
I can't deny the populist appeal of tags .
People adore tags .
In principle , at least .
Witness the fashion statement you can make by dressing in the dark .
David Weinberger is perhaps the most articulate and outspoken proponent of the pro-tagging point of view .
I went to a talk he gave at the University of North Carolina in the wake of the publication of his wildly successful new book , Everything Is Miscellaneous .
He was awfully convincing .
I 've looked through enough folders with “ misc ” on the tab to understand how often things fall through the epistemological cracks .
There 's no question that people would be better off assigning tags to classify their own stuff .
And I do n't doubt that information wants to flock .
Things often look different when you put them next to one another ; witness the fashion statement you can make by dressing in the dark .
But I believe Mr. Weinberger actually used the embarrassing words “ stick it to the Man ” when he was extolling the virtues and power of social tagging .
It reminded me of nothing more ( and nothing less ) than the vivid funeral scene in that so - bad - it 's - good Peter Fonda movie The Wild Angels ( 1966 ) .
Tags , in this construction , are the surest antidote to decades of oppression by librarians and other elitist thugs of the information establishment .
I have n't heard anyone say “ Stick it to the Man ” for a long time .
If you could 've seen me in the auditorium listening to David Weinberger , you surely would 've noticed me squirming in my seat .
And you would 've seen my telltale thought bubble that recalled a version of Heavenly Blues ' ( Fonda 's ) eulogy of The Loser ( played by Bruce Dern ) :
" We want to be free !
We want to be free to do what we want to do !
We want to be free to tag .
And we want to be free to mash up our web sites without being hassled by The Man . "
You see where I 'm going with this .
I 'm just uncomfortable with the amount of power Weinberger has ascribed to social tagging .
Has he looked at real tags ?
For that matter , have I ?
I 'm convinced that tags provide us with a fine way to organize our own stuff .
After all , I was a member of the Hypertext community before stuff - organizing was fashionable , back when faceted classification was an obscure idea attributed to an Indian librarian named S. R. Ranganathan .
Even without facets , you do n't have to look very hard to see that people seem to function pretty well in a world full of things that they 've organized all by themselves — grocery lists they 've written on the back of envelopes and to - do lists based strictly on the satisfaction they get from crossing off things — without leaning on the tricks espoused by Lifehacking gurus like Danny O'Brien and Merlin Mann .
But I do need to be persuaded that tags are of use to strangers .
I 'm no Blanche Dubois of the data glut .
1 I 've already had my brief foray into the much vaunted ESP game ; I was shocked how little value those tags had .
That 's a pathological case though : people do n't care about what they 're tagging , and that 's sure to have an effect on the absolute worth of their tags .
How might I find out whether people can tag worth beans ? [ 1 ]
Here 's what I did : I collected 322 public images from Flickr - photos of a remarkable mosaic inset into the floor of a famous Milanese Galleria - and looked at their tags .
Of course you could say , even inadequate tags are better than nothing at all .
But I wondered if perhaps my fellow Flickr contributors are more adept at other sorts of description than they are at tagging .
Are they better at giving pictures titles - for example , that dandelion photo is aptly titled “ Lapsana apogonoides ” - or writing narrative descriptions of them than they are at tagging them ?
Is all the effort that goes into social tagging paying off ?
So besides grabbing the images and their tags , I also gathered the titles the aspiring photographers assigned to their photos and harvested the brief narratives they wrote about them . [ 2 ]
2 I did not , however , harvest the comments that accrue ; that we 'll leave for another study .
I became a metadata gleaner .
I gathered and harvested ; I tweaked and fiddled ; I put all the data in a big spreadsheet and used pivot tables ; I counted what was countable ; and I laid out things side - by - side to compare what was comparable .
What I found surprised even me .
There 's no longer any point in taking snapshots of places and things ; someone 's already taken exactly the picture you want to take .
I 've been using Flickr as a source of stock photography for a while now , so even at the outset of this experiment , I knew two important things that not everybody realizes yet : ( 1 ) There 's no longer any point in taking snapshots of places and things ; someone 's already taken exactly the picture you want to take .
The lighting 's just like it would be in your photo .
The subject is just as out of focus and just as poorly framed as if you 'd have taken the picture yourself .
Even the people are the same : their friends look just like your friends .
( 2 ) There 's not just one photo like the one you would 've taken yourself had you remembered to take your camera with you and charge its batteries .
There are many photos like the one you would 've taken yourself .
Many , many photos .
Not one .
Not ten .
More .
A lot more .
Here I need to digress to tell you something important about me : I 'm compulsive .
Very compulsive .
When I hear David Sedaris talk about his many tics and obsessions like licking light switches ( when he was a child ) and touching the top of peoples ' heads ( still ) , I register full identification .
Once I start some kind of fussy project , especially one that involves collecting and counting , I can't stop .
You need to be very fussy indeed to collect 322 photos of a particular scene from Flickr , especially if you need to scrape the screen to get the ones that have been copyrighted .
“ Has n't anyone ever heard of fair use ? ” I grumble as I type Alt - Prt Sc Cntl - V Cntl - S to snag a photo whose owner thoughtlessly protected it against people like me .
I do n't remember how I first came upon this bit of Milanese tourist lore in Flickr - I think I was looking for a photo of those adorable faux bull testicles one hangs from the bumper of one 's Chevy Tundra - but once I 'd seen a version of this photo in Milan and read the story that went with it , I knew it was just the example I needed to investigate the lure and efficacy of tags . [ 3 ]
3 Type “ bull balls ” into Flickr 's search box to see for yourself : you 'll find dozens of photos of the Milanese bull intertwingled with New World photos of the Wall Street bull .
I decided the Milanese mosaic was a better subject for this investigation .
To quote antistar in Virtual Tourist , who wrote this comment under the heading of “ Galleria Vittorio Emanuele : Turin Bull ”
" Right underneath the glass dome in the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele is the emblem of Turin , a bull , on the mosaic floor .
It is meant to bring you good luck if you spin around on your right heel on the bull 's most treasured possession .
I kid you not , there was a crowd of people queuing up to crush the testacles [ sic ] of the bull of Turin , in order to bring themselves good luck .
I do n't know if this is a tradition imported from Turin , or if the Milanese are showing a great disrespect to their neighbours , but it was a fun to watch people grinding their heels on the poor bull 's private parts . "
It did n't just seem like a good example ; it seemed like the perfect example .
Sufficiently remarkable that the mosaic itself would command the attention of scads of travelers .
And it has a stock bit of folklore to go with it .
What 's more , there 's a ritual associated with your visit - you spin around three times , on your heel , counterclockwise , and possibly make a wish .
Would you wait for someone to spin on the mosaic so you 'd have a person in the picture ?
Would you annotate the growing cavity in the ground ?
Finally , any description would be a nuanced dance around taboo language : would you say “ Bull balls ” ?
Would you be serious and anatomical : “ bull testicles ” ?
Would you avoid the issue altogether and just use ellipses or cutesy allusions ( as many did ) ?
For several weeks , I fished in Flickr 's photo stream .
Compulsively .
Obsessively .
Fished for the bull .
Foregoing my blog , my job , and even the meowing cat , who clamored for my attention by lacerating my feet with his razor - sharp front claws .
4 In fact , I just redid one of my more successful queries - Milan bull - and ranked the results by date .
There have been 70 new photos of the mosaic added over the last year , since I gathered the data for the study .
Eight of them were added in the first two weeks .
If you look under lucky bull , there are yet four more .
See what I mean ?
You could make yourself crazy .
Especially if you 're not fond of pit bulls .
My patience rewarded me .
I initially found 322 recognizably similar photographs of the Turin Bull mosaic in Milan 's Galleria Vittorio Emanuele .
Several days later , I found 4 more , added in just that interval .
I 'm sure there are even more now , today .
I decided to close the collection at the original 322 , since it 's obvious that I 'm looking at a moving target .
Here 's what they look like .
Some are just pictures of the mosaic .
They look something like this :
Others focus on a person - sometimes a cute girl , sometimes a nebbishy guy - enacting the tale 's ritual , spinning for good luck .
Still others zero in on the action , the heel in the hole , poised to spin .
In spite of these minor variations ( which I duly noted in my data analysis ) , I think of the pictures as all being quite similar : if I were looking for stock photos to illustrate a blog post , I 'd think any of these variations to be adequate .
5 For those of you who want to know more precisely what I did , I used four types of queries to bring back sets of photos from Flickr , 23 queries that were in English ; 2 queries that were place - only ; 9 queries in broken Italian ; and 2 queries that were mixed English - Italian .
The English - language queries were : Milan wish , Milan bull , milan bollocks , milan spinning , milan turning , Milan luck , Milan mosaic , Milan trip , Milan lucky bull , Milan heel , Vittorio bull , galleria bull , galleria mosaic , spin 3 times , spin three times , spin luck , spin heel , heel turn mosaic , lucky bull , lucky bull Italy , bull balls , bull turin , bull mosaic .
The three queries that were place only were : Milano galleria , Galleria Vittorio Emanuele .
My unfortunate use of Italian resulted in these queries : toro Milano , toro palle , vittorio toro , toro volver , toro galleria , toretta , fortuna Milano , fortuna toro , porta fortuna .
The mixed queries were : toro milan , fortuna milan .
If the query results were high recall , low precision , I looked through the first couple thousand to determine whether the query was turning up anything new .
For example , “ Milan trip ” turns up almost 5500 photos .
I looked through the first 1500 and found 2 photos of the bull .
In most cases , the sparse positive results were familiar ones , photos I had already gathered .
If there were fewer than 1,000 results returned , I looked through all of them .
If there were more , I seldom ventured beyond result 2,500 .
A high - precision query would be one like Milan spin , where 69/99 of the results are pictures of the bull mosaic .
You might well question how I gathered this dataset .
I gathered it patiently .
I cast a broad net ; I looked through thousands and thousands of photos .
I used two and three word queries , combining words like Milan , bull , balls , spin , luck , mosaic , Italy , turn , travel , trip , and more .
I ventured into Italian too , going out on a linguistic limb with words like toro , fortuna , volver , palle , Milano , Italia .
Oh , and I queried more specifically for various combinations of Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II ( say , “ milano galleria ” or “ Vittorio toro ” or “ Galleria Vittorio ” ) . [ 5 ]
As you can see , I was neither overly precise nor so persistent as to look through every photo that claimed to be about Italy .
I was thorough within limits .
My records showed that I mulled over the results from 36 separate queries , although some of the broader ones were abandoned after I 'd gone through the first 2500 photos or so .
Many times
I 'd encounter photos I 'd already recorded in my hand - constructed log .
In fact , that 's how I decided to stop - when queries stopped turning up any additional examples .
I grew familiar with specific photos : the low - resolution one from a camera phone ; the one with the sheepish - looking man in the hat ; the summer ones where Midwestern subjects are clad in horrific tourist regalia , tank tops , shorts , and the like as they spin ; the winter ones where subjects are bundled up against the surprising cold , their mufflers flaring out as they twirl around on the bull .
It was not wholly scientific , this gathering , but my method went far beyond anecdotal .
If image recognition worked better , I could 've gathered all of the matching photos .
If I were perfectly patient and had all the time in the world ( or threw the search over the wall to the Amazon 's Mechanical Turk ) , I could 've ensured complete coverage at a given point in time .
But this example is intended to sway you , not to determine empirically how many public photos of the darned bull exist in the Flickr database .
As I looked harder and harder , any sort of metadata describing the photo became thin on the ground - I could 've added more examples that had no tags , no title , and no narrative description , but I do n't think it would have either bolstered my argument very much nor detracted from it .
If anything , it would just demonstrate that there are lots of photos with neither tags nor descriptive narrative , titled exactly as they came from the camera .
Thus I came to have 322 examples of the photo , coded , and organized in a spreadsheet .
As I said earlier , I gathered not only the photos , but also the titles , the narrative descriptions , and of course , the tags .
This felt to me to be enough data to conduct a perfectly credible preliminary investigation - it was enough to convince me .
So first let 's look at what 's there to analyze .
How broad of a net did I cast ?
You 'll know the answer to this question by how many bull photos I uncovered that had minimal metadata .
First of all , as you 'd guess , there were no photos that were missing all three sources of description .
That makes sense .
How would I have found them ?
It would 've meant combing through all the untraversed reaches of Flickr or , at the very least , scrounging through all of the Italian photo sets .
Yet - to demonstrate the sincerity of my search - there were four photos with no titles , and 25 more that had only the names that were assigned by the digital camera software ( e.g. DSCF3091.jpg ) .
Some of these had a paucity of other description as well .
For example , I unearthed a photo of the mosaic with no title , no narrative description , and eight somewhat generic tags : milano , milan , italy , italia , mosaic , galleria , italie , Natalie .
Another photo without title or description was tagged : galleria , mosaic , milano , milan , shoes , converse , WS .
I searched with due diligence .
To give you a further sense of the minimal end of the spectrum , I 've counted the number of photos without : without tags , without titles , without description .
I 've broken these counts further by whether they 're of the mosaic , of a person standing on the mosaic , or of some anonymous leg in place to begin spinning :
# collected # no tags % # no title % no narrative % action 42 13 31 % 2 5 % 18 43 % mosaic 106 29 27 % 1 1 % 44 42 % person 174 55 32 % 1 1 % 65 37 % total 322 97 30 % 4 1 % 127 39 %
Table 1 . Frequency of missing metadata
Thus I 've selected photos that are findable using metadata .
This approach makes sense : my enquiry is about social tagging , not about labeling one 's own photoset for one 's own use .
You might be able to remember that you went to Italy in August , 2005 and that you took a picture of the bull mosaic , but I 'd never be able to recover that picture .
So I 've cast a broad net to select 322 findable photos .
The differences are sufficiently crisp that I feel it 's safe to say that people are not apt to deposit a public photo without assigning a title to it .
Only 1 % of the total photos I collected are unnamed .
Next come tags : somewhere between one - quarter and one - third of the photos are untagged .
This seems to indicate that people do feel that tags help - that they 're more vital for retrieval than the narrative , which is missing from roughly 40 % of these photos .
And this photo subject represents a best - case scenario for eliciting narrative : there 's folklore behind the bull mosaic ; there 's something to explain , especially in the case of action or mosaic photographs , which do n't have a human subject to motivate them .
I had wondered when I started categorizing these photos whether people treated photos differently if they had a person in them .
So far , the difference is negligible .
If someone 's going to assign metadata to their pictures , they are n't going to worry whether they 're explaining a person , place , or thing ( roughly , my three photo categories ) .
Let me tell you a little more about the photo metadata I 've collected .
For the time being , let 's ignore any missing metadata - absent titles , missing narrative , tags unassigned - and see how much description people contribute when they bother to contribute anything .
In other words , let 's see how many tags people contribute when they bother to make up tags , how much they write when they take the trouble to produce a narrative , and how long their titles are .
Table 2 sums up the descriptive metadata ; the numbers ( words per narrative , words per title , and tags per photo ) are means and the standard deviations are in parentheses .
# photos w / narrative mean words per narrative ( stdev ) # photos w/ title mean words per title ( stdev ) # photos w / tags mean tags per photo ( stdev ) action 24 20 ( 30 ) 40 4 ( 3 ) 29 7 ( 6 ) mosaic 62 21 ( 15 ) 105 4 ( 3 ) 77 4 ( 3 ) person 109 23 ( 23 ) 173 4 ( 3 ) 119 5 ( 3 ) total 195 22 ( 22 ) 318 4 ( 3 ) 225 5 ( 4 )
Table 2 . Narrative , titles , and tags assigned to the public photos of the bull mosaic
But what do these numbers mean ?
Here 's a sample 22 word narrative from the dataset :
" So in Milan they say that if you spin on your heel three times on the Bull 's balls , you get good luck . "
This is actually quite typical of the narratives that accompany the picture , give or take a name or two .
A 34 word narrative is not wildly different :
" At the center of Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II , it is said that you will have good luck if you step on the Taurus ' testicles ( not a real taurus , just a mosaic ) and turn twice ! "
A 51 word version ?
" Planting your heel and twisting with a flourish on the ' private parts ' of the mosaic picture of the bull in Galleria Vittorio Emanuele , Milano , is a tradition for Italians and tourists alike .
The bull offers good luck .
A nun just did it , the other can't miss doing it but is hesitant . "
You get the idea .
Titles ?
Titles too have their regularities .
Two typical four word titles are “ The Bull in Milan ” and “ Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II ” .
Seven words gives you room to be a little more expansive : “ Rotate on the Bull 's Balls for luck ” or “ Bull Mosaic in Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II ” .
Sure , there are variations .
But what surprised me more is how similar they all are .
Here are all 37 titles beginning with the letter S. Some of the repeated titles are the apparent result of copy - pastes , but many are just similar .
seeking for luck spinning on the bull 's balls Si quiere volver a Milán : písele las güevas al toro !!!!
spinning on the bulls balls ...its supposed to give me luck simon on the bull 's testicle Spinning on the toretta Simona spinning Spinning your heel on the bull 's testicles is apparently good luck in Milan Some lucky bull ... squashing the bull 's balls Spin squashing the bull 's balls Spin 3 times for luck squashing the bull 's balls spin for luck squashing the bull 's balls spin for luck squashing the bull 's balls Spin Three Times And Good Luck You Will Find Step and Spin ! spinning step on the Bull ’s Balls for luck Spinning Step with your heel on the bull 's balls , turn around and do the chicken dance for GOOD LUCK !
Spinning 3 times on the Bulls Balls .
Step with your heel on the bull 's balls , turn around and do the chicken dance for GOOD LUCK !
( 1 ) Spinning after a wish stepping for good luck Spinning for luck Stepping on the Balls of the Bull Spinning on bull testicles in Milan stepping on the bull 's balls Spinning on Taurus the Bull Superstition Spinning on the Bull for Good Luck in Milan Susie Stepping on the Bull - Galleria Interior - Milan Spinning on the bull in the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II
Table 3 .
Tags beginning with S
Tags - which are by definition classifiers and therefore intended to be regular - are where things start getting wild and wooly .
There are enormous variations in tagging strategies :
Do I tell you where the photo was taken , what 's in it , where I 'm going to go next on my vacation , or what I 'm doing in Milan ?
The crowd that believes wholeheartedly in tags will tell you that a tag is relative to the person doing the assignment , so this variation is n't surprising .
6 This is an actual 3 - tag set used to describe a photo of our canonical bull mosaic
In fact , if we relegate tags to a minor role in personal information management , individual variation is n't a bad thing .
Perhaps the tags are simply well - tailored to their use .
While { Arriving Home , Dinner With Lia , Milan or Bust} [ 6 ] is an awful tag set if one is attempting to use Flickr as a database of stock photography , it may be just right if Bill is trying to find those photos he took on his vacation to Milan , the ones from the day he had dinner with Lia .
But are the bulk of actual tags this personalized and quirky ?
To set up this discussion , it 's important to realize that short tag sets ( 5 tags or fewer ) are much more common than long tag sets ( 10 tags or more ) .
Recalling that 97 of the photos have no tags , the short version of the story is that 150 of the photos have 1 - 5 tags ; 54 of the photos have 6 - 9 tags ; and 21 have 10 or more tags .
You can picture what this drop off looks like :
Now , let 's look at some examples of two word tag sets : {milan , italy} ; {milano , me} ; and { Nat , Nathalie} .
In fact , the most common two word tag set turns out to be : {milan , italy} ; 20 out of 48 are exactly that .
What about four word tag sets ?
One common one is { Milan , Milano , Italy , Italia} .
Others illustrate the heuristic that tags are indeed relative to the tagger : {friends , vacation , milan , italy} .
Nonetheless , all of these tags are startlingly generic ( that is , they are the same across many different photographers ) and likely to be less informative than the other sources of metadata ( including their grouping into photosets , which can be used to partition one 's own photos into a group taken in Milan ) .
The four word title “ Bull Mosaic in Milan ” is a much better classifier ( from the standpoint of retrieval ) than the four element tag set { Milan , Milano , Italy , Italia} , which produces results so low on the precision - recall curve that the desired bull mosaic is lost in a sea of irrelevant photos of the countryside and the latest fashions .
The people who apply more tags also write richer descriptions and are no less likely to make up titles .
What happens when tag sets become longer ?
After all , the average narrative is over 20 words long .
Maybe a longer tag set will yield a more precise description .
Unfortunately , it is readily evident from the data that this is not the case .
First , consider that there are only 21 photos with 10 or more tags assigned to them .
That 's under 7 % .
It 's more usual for photos with tags to only have one or two .
Second - and this is unlikely to surprise you - photos with a larger number of tags conform roughly to the profile we 've already developed for typical metadata .
They may even be slightly better described and more fully titled than average .
In other words , more tags do n't mean less narrative .
Quite to the contrary .
The people who apply more tags also write richer descriptions and are no less likely to make up titles .
7 One outlier has 30 tags , but this is at a pathological remove from the others .
That 's 12 more tags than its nearest neighbor with 18 tags .
In fact , let 's pull out the 21 cases where the photos have 10 or more tags .
Seven of these 21 photos ( 33 % ) do not have narrative description , a figure slightly lower than the overall average of 39 % , but not shockingly different .
Certainly given the size of the sample , it 's reasonably consistent .
Likewise , only one lacks a title .
What about the length of the narrative when it is present ?
36 words long - half again as long as the ones with fewer tags .
And what about the titles ?
About 6 words long - again , 50 % longer than the ones with fewer tags .
Perhaps the people who assign lots of tags are just a wordy lot .
But it 's quality , not quantity , that matters here , right ?
What kind of tags are in these lengthy tag sets ?
Are they comparable to good narratives ?
At least a few are .
Here 's a twelve tag set : { Italy , Italia , milan , milano , bull , good , luck , galleria , vittorio , emanuele , II , mall} .
Not bad .
But nonetheless , keep it in mind .
We 'll come back to it .
There 's something very important missing .
Most of the large tag sets are not as informative as the example I just cited .
It 's as if the photographer is struggling to come up with meaningful descriptors .
Here 's a twelve tag set that may be customized for the individual 's retrieval needs : { Milan , Italy , Gilberto , Peachy , Dad , Mom , Mipel , Trade , Show , Trip , Vacation , Business} .
We 've got the idea : Mom or Dad - they were at a trade show in Milan , Italy , on business .
Gilberto and Peachy - they tagged along on the trip as a vacation .
Here 's a different tag set that was applied across a whole vacation 's worth of photos : { Overseas trip 2006 , Cinque Terre , Italy , Bologna , Milan , Rome , Greece , Santorini , England , Devon , Portsmouth , Isle of Wight} .
It is hard to imagine the utility of these tags , even if these are indeed all the locations on the itinerary ; because they have been applied across the entire photo set , the extra locations may be misleading descriptors for any individual photo .
What I mean to say is : tags can be a rich source of noise .
To really gain purchase on this problem , what we need is a head - to - head comparison of these three sources of evidence for retrieval , description , or any of the other purposes of extrinsic metadata .
So I counted .
And counted .
I looked for popular words , the ones lots of people used to describe the mosaic or the person spinning on the mosaic or the heel of the spinner .
Table 4 lists the 20 most popular words used in tags , titles , and narratives .
Words in red span all three lists ; words in blue are in two out of three ; words in black are only in one .
The percentages are relative to the totals ( tags , title words , or narrative words ) .
20 most popular tags 20 most popular title words 20 most popular narrative words Milan 13.7 % bull 14.1 % bull 13.8 % Italy 11.0 % luck / lucky 7.3 % luck / lucky 9.6 % Milano 8.7 % balls 6.6 % spin/ spinning 9.5 % galleria/ galeria 3.7 % toro/torello /touro 5.8 % good 8.6 % bull 3.5 % Milan 5.5 % heel / heal 5.6 % variants of Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II 3.0 % spin/ spinning 4.8 % balls 4.9 % Italia / Italian 2.3 % Galleria Vittorio Emanuele ( II ) 4.8 % Galleria Vittorio Emanuele ( II ) 4.3 % toro/torello / touro 1.7 % good 3.9 % toro/torello/touro 4.1 % europe / european 1.7 % Milano 3.1 % Milan 3.9 % duomo 1.6 % galleria / galeria 1.9 % testicles 3.6 % balls 1.2 % step / stepping 1.7 % three / 3/ three times / 3 x 2.3 % travel / travelogy 1.2 % palle 1.6 % mosaic / mosaico 2.2 % luck / lucky 1.1 % testicles 1.5 % turn / turning 2.2 % Galleria Vittorio Emanuele ( II ) 1.1 % Italy 1.5 % step / stepping 2.1 % mosaic / mosaico 0.9 % mosaic / mosaico 1.3 % Milano 2.0 % palle 0.8 % heel / heal 1.2 % galleria / galeria 1.6 % trip 0.8 % fortuna 0.9 % palle 1.5 % vacation 0.8 % three /3/ three times / 3 x 0.9 % tradition 1.5 % spin/ spinning 0.7 % turn / turning 0.8 % foot / feet 1.2 % Lombardia 0.6 % variants of Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II 0.5 % fortuna 0.9 % 60.1 % 69.9 % 85.5 %
Table 4 . Popular terms in tags , titles , and narratives
What we see is revealing .
First , look at the totals .
Only 60 % of the tag words are accounted for in the list ; 70 % of the title words are accounted for ; and more than 85 % of the narrative words ( not including stop words like articles ) are accounted for .
What does this mean ?
In particular , what 's up with the other 40 % of the tags ?
They 're tags that are low - frequency terms .
Some are low frequency for the right reason : they 're relevant to the individual doing the tagging and not to the photo 's more public life in the Flickr database .
For example , 5.7 % of the tags are peoples ' names ; these names are acknowledged as useful photo metadata .
Others are less auspicious : non-standard variations of place names , unusual words that are tied in with the bull mosaic 's legend ( feet , for example ) , and miscellaneous other words like summer and ribbon that seem to have simply popped into the tagger 's head when he or she drew a blank at tagging time .
One tag was , tellingly , freeassociation .
8 Past experience tells me that over time , people do forget the existence of a significant portion of their photos ; natural human forgetfulness - coupled with the unlikely tags - makes me think that these tags are unlikely to be useful for personal information retrieval .
I have performed a number of field studies in which I accompany informants into basements , attics , guest rooms , closets , and storage areas - into the refuges of the dusty and forgotten - and mostly people are surprised not only by what they find , but also by what they do n't find .
Our memories play cruel tricks on us .
It 's unlikely that these odd words will figure into future retrieval , either by the individual who assigned them or by someone like me . [ 8 ]
You'd think that this lack of uniformity would be true of the titles and narrative descriptions as much as it is for the tags .
But — contrary to intuition — there 's more overlap in the terms used in the descriptions and titles than there is in the tags .
Even words that are slightly more common in the tags - Italia , europe , duomo , travel , trip , vacation , and Lombardia - do not occur in the other lists .
In fact , it is interesting to note that all of the title words occur in either the narrative , the tags , or both .
Tags are indeed miscellaneous , and that miscellany may make them less than useful .
You'd think that this lack of uniformity would be true of the titles and narrative descriptions as much as it is for the tags .
But - contrary to intuition - there 's more overlap in the terms used in the descriptions and titles than there is in the tags .
Even words that are slightly more common in the tags - Italia , europe , duomo , travel , trip , vacation , and Lombardia - do not occur in the other lists .
In fact , it is interesting to note that all of the title words occur in either the narrative , the tags , or both .
9 Searching tags only , at the time of the original draft of this article , the word Italy retrieves almost 2.5 million photos , far too many to comb for any individual topic .
It 's also telling that general place names are over - represented in the tags :
Italy accounts for 11 % of the total tags , and only 1.5 % of title words .
It figures into the narratives even less often than that .
Certainly the term ' Italy ' is too broad of a net to cast against the entire Flickr photo base to come up with our bull photo ; it may even be too broad to use to retrieve a meaningful number of personal photos . [ 9 ]
Milan , used alone , is also doubtlessly too broad [ 10 ] , although when used with other terms ( such as bull or mosaic ) , it 's reasonably effective .
Although Milan is the most popular tag , we also have to consider that Milan is often not meaningfully modified through other tags .
For example , ' Milan , Italy , ' is not appreciably more information than ' Milan ' .
10 150,000 photos are tagged Milan ( again , at the time of the original draft ) .
The other place - related term that appears in all three lists is more specific than Milan .
Although ' Galleria Vittorio Emanuele ' is not as precise a description as one would like - it turns up 2,420 public photos in Flickr - it is n't hopeless .
71 out of the 2,420 are of our bull .
Unfortunately , to find them , one must page through 101 pages of thumbnails ( 24 thumbnails at a go ) .
Even more unfortunately , there are only 3 in the first dozen pages and none in the first two .
Most searchers will have given up before they reach the first positive result .
Finally , for some reason , 26 of the photos of the bull mosaic are in the final 20 pages .
I do n't know about you , but I know very few people sufficiently obsessive - compulsive to go through that many search results , especially given the low density of desired results .
In other words , I 'm tired and dizzy from scanning so many images and doubt anyone else would do likewise .
By comparison , a query like ' Milan bull ' turns up only one tenth of the photos of the query whose results we just exhausted .
One - tenth !
Of those 240 photos , 117 are what we 're after .
Almost half .
More than a third of the 322 photos possible .
And 19 of the first 24 ( that is , the first page of thumbnail results ) are the desired photos .
Furthermore assigning general place names makes poor use of human labor in an era when GPS devices are cheap and relatively common and gazetteers can be used to fan out from the terms referring to specific places ( Galleria Vittorio Emanuele ) to more general areas ( Milan , Italy , Europe ) .
Let 's isolate tags and terms related to derivable place ( e.g. Italy ) or time ( e.g. summer , or more commonly a specific date ) and see what happens .
I 'm distinguishing the most specific place names ( all of the variants of galleria ) from the more general ones , because they may be harder to assign on the basis of GPS data alone .
% of general place names % of specific place names % of time % of names of people tags 45.5 % 9.5 % 3.1 % 5.7 % title terms 11.4 % 7.3 % 0.0 % 4.0 % narrative terms 7.7 % 6.7 % 0.6 % 4.1 %
Table 5 . Terms related to time and place
The message here is almost painful : a great proportion of user tags add little or no further information ; as such , they do n't appear as often in narratives or titles .
Personal names , which may be quite useful for finding photos among one 's own collection ( especially over the long haul ) are less well represented in all types of metadata , but are relatively similar in quantity .
Now here 's a property of tags that I find almost comical : they are seldom verbs , even if a verb is just the thing to characterize a photo .
What 's unique about what tourists do when they visit the Galleria 's bull mosaic ?
They spin .
In fact , if you type in Milan spin as your Flickr search terms , you pull up 94 results , 70 of which are pictures of our bull mosaic .
20 out of 24 results on the first page are on target .
11 This is the time to think back to that exemplary tag set I asked you to remember earlier : { Italy , Italia , milan , milano , bull , good , luck , galleria , vittorio , emanuele , II , mall} .
No verbs .
Although spin and spinning make the top 20 list of tags , they are by no means commonly used terms ; they are used less than 1 % of the time ( 0.7 % ) .
That 's just 7 tags .
On the other hand , spin makes up 4.8 % and 9.5 % of title and narrative terms .
People just do n't seem to be thinking of tags as verbs . [ 11 ]
Have I convinced you that tags are n't all they 've cracked up to be ?
I hope I have , but nonetheless there 's a lingering fascination .
Surely there 's something to be done about tags : we do n't want to just turn up our noses at Mr. Weinberger 's argument .
They could be a compact and efficient way of describing pictures .
After all , picture archiving is difficult .
Witness Art Spiegelman 's fine graphical account in the New Yorker more than a dozen years ago ; he described the difficult work of senior librarian Arthur Williams who curated the New York Public Library 's extensive picture collection for over 30 years [ 12 ] .
Just how do you turn a library patron 's question , “ I want a picture that conveys rough times ahead ” into a photo of a three - masted schooner sailing into a storm ?
12 Art Spiegelman , Artist at Large , “ Words , Worth a Thousand , ” The New Yorker , February 20 , 1995 , p. 196-199 .
In other words , knowing what we know about bull mosaics in Milan , what would make tags a more effective way of describing them ?
First , it seems that it would be nice to encourage tag specificity .
How come the same person who tags his photo { Milan , Italy} is able to title it Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II ?
Can we elicit the most specific place names possible using latitude / longitude pairs and fill in the rest using a gazetteer ?
Recognition is good enough to identify plausible human shapes in a photo .
Can we elicit names ?
Those will come in handy too on down the line .
There 's plenty of evidence that many of our taggers know the story associated with the bull .
How can we elicit the story and turn it into tags ?
Can we use an authority list of some sort to guide and normalize a user 's input ?
It is odd and telling that the terminology used in freeform input is more regular than the terms used in the tags .
Narratives and even titles use verbs .
How can we introduce verbs into the tag sets ?
I find it odd that there 's been such a widespread and good - natured acceptance of the efficacy of tags .
Yet - and maybe I 'm being a Pollyanna here - there must be a way to turn them into the linguistic powerhouses they are advertised to be .
Where I live , there 's a local dairy , Berkeley Farms , that uses my favorite ad campaign ever .
On the side of each Berkeley Farms milk carton , there 's a cow - a happy cow - and the lovely rhetorical question : Cows in Berkeley ?
Moo .
So now we can only say :
Bulls in Milan ?
Moo .
Turn around 3 times on your heel in Milan ( heel turn Milan returns 8 photos , all of them of the bull mosaic ) and you 'll find them .
Disqus
First conclusion after 12 days of military extermination by air and ground in Gaza : Israel could not achieve its maximum goals in Gaza : Kill or imprison Hamas leaders and destroy the operational infrastructure for launching rockets to Israeli cities near Palestinian border .
[ postpic=center ] 99685 [/postpic ]
Completed both phases of the operation “ Cast Lead ” ( first by air and by land later ) , that so far caused 650 deaths ( one third women and children ) , 3200 wounded and more than 70 % of the administrative Government infrastructure destroyed , the political - military apparatus of Hamas continues to operate and fighting from hiding and Palestinian rockets continue to fall on Israel , even expanding its reach capacity .
Officially , the Israeli military and political leadership headed by Olmert acknowledged on Tuesday that neither the air nor the ground operation , then the two combined , had achieved to end the armed resistance of Hamas or the Palestinian rocket launchments .
A ) The “ asymmetric warfare ” [ / h3 ]
On Saturday , January 3 , after five consecutive days of bombings and more than 350 dead , Israel decided to invade Gaza by land with the aim of wiping out Hamas military bunkers and rocket launching infrastructure , mission which had already failed with air operations .
A contingent of 10,000 troops , including elite forces and intelligence , with a coverage of powerful air and naval fire , entered and divided Gaza into three areas to isolate and cut the logistics and communications system and operations of Hamas and other organizations of the Palestinian resistance .
As in Lebanon 2006 , the comparison was made in terms of an “ asymmetric war ” between a nuclear superpower and a guerrilla force infinitely less equiped in logistics and technological fire power .
It was the war of a lion against a mouse , where B16 fighter - bombers , Apache and Cobra helicopters , missiles and cluster bombs , tanks and missile batteries of last generation fought ( and continue to fight ) against Kalashnikov rifles , RPG , mortars and anti-tank guns .
Israel attacked in compact front of military invasion and Hamas raised its defense in a guerrilla war .
The battle scenario consists of a small strip of land of 360 km2 “ locked ” between the Mediterranean Sea , the territory of Israel and a border with Egypt , 11 km ( an ally of Israel ) .
[ banner=center , http://www.usdemise.com]94093[/banner]
The fighting began to develop in a overcrowded territory where almost one and a half million Palestinians live unable to escape and are now without food , no electricity , no fuel , no medicines and in state of humanitarian catastrophe , according to the UN .
As for the mode of fighting : Israel bombs ( from the sea , air and land ) Hamas positions within civilian populations , with artillery fire and missiles to “ clear the area ” and then move on its commandos to their targets , while Hamas resistance attack flanks of Israeli columns by “ surprise ” and then disappear .
In the middle , the “ collateral victims ” of the civilian population subjected to massive Gaza crossfire of Israeli tanks , aircraft and batteries to “ to clear the area ” for the advancement of their troops in overcrowded urban areas .
In this “ asymmetric warfare ” against the clock , the objectives are different : Israel wants to destroy the largest number of Palestinian missile launchment platforms before decrete a “ ceasefire ” in the UN ( which is already being operated by U.S. and EU to allow a “ honorable ” withdrawal of Israel ) and Hamas seeks to capture or kill as many Israeli troops to provide to the Jewish state a “ moral defeat ” so the entire world can see it .
B ) The tactics of the mouse [ / h3 ]
Hamas chose a fighting tacti that Israel can not overcome :
The guerrilla war in an urban area of high concentration of civilian population , where Jewish tanks and armored units have little room to move and operate , and where their fire power ( prepared for wars in open spaces ) cause more civilian casualties than those of resistance fighters .
Disguised among the civilian population covered in the knowledge of every piece of land in their territory resistance troops present no fixed positions , but since the start of the Israeli ground invasion last Saturday , they appear , attack with mortars and grenades the Jewish troops and armored units and then they disappear without a trace .
Hamas dynamics does not meet any operational patterns , they have a great capacity for mobility , are decentralized , appear , disappear , attack and run away with great ease , and for the American and Jewish intelligence services working in the area Hamas troops become very difficult to detect in the combat zone .
Common are also , according to observers , the car bombs and sniper fire to complicate the advance of tanks and armored equipment .
According to Arab media , the hideouts in the overpopulated Gaza City encourages such aggressive tactics and save the life of Palestinian troops .
Moreover , Hamas fortified preventively ( with the help from Iran and Hezbollah ) their defensive strategy with secret passages and tunnels that the Israeli military intelligence failed to detect in its task of infiltration among Islamic groups .
Hamas , the experts say , after ejecting Abbas and his Fatah armed organization from the Strip , not only remained in control of their arsenals , but also boosted its defense capabilities by drawing on the experience and advice of the Hezbollah resistance who fought the Israeli tanks and troops in southern Lebanon .
That gave them enough time to plan a mouse war against the lion in Gaza .
C ) The mousetrap [ / h3 ]
Twelve days after its initiation , and without any advance in their goals , the so - called “ Cast Lead Operation ” clearly already begun to melt in Gaza , and as the hours pass the destructive Jewish missiles that are killing civilians and children in an indiscriminate and massive way start ( as in Lebanon , 2006 ) to produce multiple effects .
Proportionally , given the lack of political results of the Israeli military extermination , Hamas prestige in the Arab - Islamic world is increasing ( as happened with Hezbollah in Lebanon )
Inside Israel , a divisive diaspora is being lived where social and political perceptions of failure produce fightings in the Israeli government and a growing state of panic and confusion in the towns and cities including the capital Tel Aviv .
Outwards , in a globalized world and leveled by indifference and individualism , the Israeli serial slaughter in Gaza begins to leave a growing sense of “ Jewish murderers ” that breaks into the psychology of mass - man , however , that the Zionist media channels smartly hide the dead bodies and the testimony of the Palestinian victims .
Inside the Islamic world , the “ growing anger ” is accompanied by an increasingly pronounced belief that “ together we are more ” to defeat the universal Zionism cathedral located in the Middle East .
[ banner=center , http://www.usdemise.com]94093[/banner]
The Palestinian holocaust so far only served to demonstrate to a indifferent world the psyco-military brutality of the Zionist imperial power that made the Holocaust the legend for their own historic victimization .
The demolition of Gaza ( as happened in Lebanon yesterday ) so far only served to irrigate with blood , death and mutilation of thousands of Palestinians , another Jewish genocidal adventure for political and military control of the Gaza Strip .
With very bad news :
The Israeli government is in elections period ( new authorities are elected in February ) and this situation enhances the military failure with crisis and internal divisions .
The arithmetic is simple :
If Israel does not end quickly with Hamas and its rockets that terrorized the Israeli border villages and towns , the strategy that guides the slaughter will begin to disintegrate ( as in Lebanon , 2006 ) and its First Class military supremacy in the Middle East will enter a process of erosion and loss of international credibility .
D ) The human factor [ / h3 ]
In this scenario , a twelve - day military slaughter that killed over 650 Palestinians , wounded and mutilated to 3200 , demolished the poor infrastructure in Gaza , and that on Tuesday led to a massive genocide of children and civilians with attacks on schools and hospitals , Israel has only two options : continue to kill or negotiate ( as in Lebanon ) a “ honorable ” withdrawal for its troops .
Gaza , a strip of land 45 Km long and 8 km wide , is inhabited by one and a half million Palestinians in a state of humanitarian catastrophe , with no food , no electricity , no fuel and with the health system collapsing .
Gaza is plagued by two kinds of death : The Israeli missiles and the humanitarian catastrophe .
For one and a half million Palestinians in the concentration camp death comes from the sky , land and borders closed by the Jewish criminal blockade .
Almost nothing remains that survive : no electricity , no water , no food and no shelter possible against the Israeli missiles and cluster bombs fired day and night from aircraft , ships , tanks and ground batteries .
Gaza is not a conventional battlefield , but a crossover excersise of “ pigeon shooting ” against one and a half million people , for whom the only available light is produced by the multicolored flashes of Israeli missiles and bombs .
In this area of combat and slaughter , planted increasingly with dead civilians , the strategy of Hamas is fedback with hatred to the Jewish invader who generates the killing of civilians , increasingly bringing consensus and solidarity with the Hamas fighters among the population living in terror and panic .
In terms as it stands , the Israeli military operation in Gaza is a war against one and a half million Palestinians in a state of despair , which converts every home in an arsenal and every inhabitant in a “ moving bomb ” ready to be thrown against the Jewish invading troops .
And in the field of statistics and possibilities , and according to the scenario in the battlefield , the psychopaths Zionists hawks in Tel Aviv can only win this war wiping out the majority of the people of Gaza with waves of endless missiles and smart bombs thrown during the 24 hours to turn the Strip of 360 km2 in a large crater .
Israel could win this war if used to all extent the fire power of its aircraft , ships launchers , helicopters and armored vehicles to demolish systematically , inch by inch , the clusters of civilian houses under or inside of which are the hideouts and secret underground passageways that shelter arsenals of Hamas and provide shelter to its fighters .
A very unlikely criminal option , and not by lack of political will from the genocidal serial killers in Tel Aviv , but for the action against them that will generate domestically and internationally , and that could finish in one stroke with the legend of the Holocaust that protects continuously Israel of crimes against humanity in the Middle East .
Accordingly , in Gaza , and in terms of concrete results in reality , Israel has already lost its war of military invasion with mass genocide of civilians included .
The human factor won against Israel .
A force against which no imperial army in the world won .
Accordingly , the strategy and objectives that guided the military operation “ Melt Lead ” is sinking in the trap of Gaza , and must be replaced immediately by a diplomatic Plan B that saves Israel from the fire and restart a new process “ in other ways . ”
A diplomatic operation that – as in Lebanon with Hezbollah – replaces the failed slaughter of the military Plan A .
At this moment , both the U.S and the European Union are in those paths whose imperial destiny is to protect the survival of Israel , the homeland of the Zionist capitalist system that turned the planet into a vast consumer society and the human being in a microchip terminal of the Jewish ideology leveled as “ only world possible ” .
About this Plan B we are going to talk about in the next phase of this war against humanity .
[ banner=center , http://www.usdemise.com]94093[/banner]
[ align=center ]
Rabbi Against Israel Zionism
[ / align ]
[ flash=480,360 ]
http://video.google.es/googleplayer.swf?docid=-2522935759953985930&hl=es&fs=true[/flash]
I wrote a first version of this posting on consistency models about a year ago , but I was never happy with it as it was written in haste and the topic is important enough to receive a more thorough treatment .
ACM
Queue asked me to revise it for use in their magazine and I took the opportunity to improve the article .
This is that new version .
Eventually Consistent - Building reliable distributed systems at a worldwide scale demands trade - offs between consistency and availability .
At the foundation of Amazon 's cloud computing are infrastructure services such as Amazon 's S3 ( Simple Storage Service ) , SimpleDB , and EC2 ( Elastic Compute Cloud ) that provide the resources for constructing Internet - scale computing platforms and a great variety of applications .
The requirements placed on these infrastructure services are very strict ; they need to score high marks in the areas of security , scalability , availability , performance , and cost effectiveness , and they need to meet these requirements while serving millions of customers around the globe , continuously .
Under the covers these services are massive distributed systems that operate on a worldwide scale .
This scale creates additional challenges , because when a system processes trillions and trillions of requests , events that normally have a low probability of occurrence are now guaranteed to happen and need to be accounted for up front in the design and architecture of the system .
Given the worldwide scope of these systems , we use replication techniques ubiquitously to guarantee consistent performance and high availability .
Although replication brings us closer to our goals , it cannot achieve them in a perfectly transparent manner ; under a number of conditions the customers of these services will be confronted with the consequences of using replication techniques inside the services .
One of the ways in which this manifests itself is in the type of data consistency that is provided , particularly when the underlying distributed system provides an eventual consistency model for data replication .
When designing these large - scale systems at Amazon , we use a set of guiding principles and abstractions related to large - scale data replication and focus on the trade - offs between high availability and data consistency .
In this article I present some of the relevant background that has informed our approach to delivering reliable distributed systems that need to operate on a global scale .
An earlier version of this text appeared as a posting on the All Things Distributed weblog in December 2007 and was greatly improved with the help of its readers .
Historical Perspective
In an ideal world there would be only one consistency model : when an update is made all observers would see that update .
The first time this surfaced as difficult to achieve was in the database systems of the late ' 70s .
The best " period piece " on this topic is " Notes on Distributed Databases " by Bruce Lindsay et al .
5
It lays out the fundamental principles for database replication and discusses a number of techniques that deal with achieving consistency .
Many of these techniques try to achieve distribution transparency — that is , to the user of the system it appears as if there is only one system instead of a number of collaborating systems .
Many systems during this time took the approach that it was better to fail the complete system than to break this transparency .
2
In the mid-'90s , with the rise of larger Internet systems , these practices were revisited .
At that time people began to consider the idea that availability was perhaps the most important property of these systems , but they were struggling with what it should be traded off against .
Eric Brewer , systems professor at the University of California , Berkeley , and at that time head of Inktomi , brought the different trade - offs together in a keynote address to the PODC ( Principles of Distributed Computing ) conference in 2000.1
He presented the CAP theorem , which states that of three properties of shared - data systems — data consistency , system availability , and tolerance to network partition — only two can be achieved at any given time .
A more formal confirmation can be found in a 2002 paper by Seth Gilbert and Nancy Lynch .
4
A system that is not tolerant to network partitions can achieve data consistency and availability , and often does so by using transaction protocols .
To make this work , client and storage systems must be part of the same environment ; they fail as a whole under certain scenarios , and as such , clients cannot observe partitions .
An important observation is that in larger distributed - scale systems , network partitions are a given ; therefore , consistency and availability cannot be achieved at the same time .
This means that there are two choices on what to drop : relaxing consistency will allow the system to remain highly available under the partitionable conditions , whereas making consistency a priority means that under certain conditions the system will not be available .
Both options require the client developer to be aware of what the system is offering .
If the system emphasizes consistency , the developer has to deal with the fact that the system may not be available to take , for example , a write .
If this write fails because of system unavailability , then the developer will have to deal with what to do with the data to be written .
If the system emphasizes availability , it may always accept the write , but under certain conditions a read will not reflect the result of a recently completed write .
The developer then has to decide whether the client requires access to the absolute latest update all the time .
There is a range of applications that can handle slightly stale data , and they are served well under this model .
In principle the consistency property of transaction systems as defined in the ACID properties ( atomicity , consistency , isolation , durability ) is a different kind of consistency guarantee .
In ACID , consistency relates to the guarantee that when a transaction is finished the database is in a consistent state ; for example , when transferring money from one account to another the total amount held in both accounts should not change .
In ACID - based systems , this kind of consistency is often the responsibility of the developer writing the transaction but can be assisted by the database managing integrity constraints .
Consistency — Client and Server
There are two ways of looking at consistency .
One is from the developer / client point of view : how they observe data updates .
The second way is from the server side : how updates flow through the system and what guarantees systems can give with respect to updates .
Client - side Consistency
The client side has these components :
A storage system .
For the moment we 'll treat it as a black box , but one should assume that under the covers it is something of large scale and highly distributed , and that it is built to guarantee durability and availability .
For the moment we 'll treat it as a black box , but one should assume that under the covers it is something of large scale and highly distributed , and that it is built to guarantee durability and availability .
Process A . This is a process that writes to and reads from the storage system .
This is a process that writes to and reads from the storage system .
Processes B and C .
These two processes are independent of process A and write to and read from the storage system .
It is irrelevant whether these are really processes or threads within the same process ; what is important is that they are independent and need to communicate to share information .
Client - side consistency has to do with how and when observers ( in this case the processes A , B , or C ) see updates made to a data object in the storage systems .
In the following examples illustrating the different types of consistency , process A has made an update to a data object :
These two processes are independent of process A and write to and read from the storage system .
It is irrelevant whether these are really processes or threads within the same process ; what is important is that they are independent and need to communicate to share information .
Client - side consistency has to do with how and when observers ( in this case the processes A , B , or C ) see updates made to a data object in the storage systems .
In the following examples illustrating the different types of consistency , process A has made an update to a data object : Strong consistency .
After the update completes , any subsequent access ( by A , B , or C ) will return the updated value .
After the update completes , any subsequent access ( by A , B , or C ) will return the updated value .
Weak consistency .
The system does not guarantee that subsequent accesses will return the updated value .
A number of conditions need to be met before the value will be returned .
The period between the update and the moment when it is guaranteed that any observer will always see the updated value is dubbed the inconsistency window .
The system does not guarantee that subsequent accesses will return the updated value .
A number of conditions need to be met before the value will be returned .
The period between the update and the moment when it is guaranteed that any observer will always see the updated value is dubbed the inconsistency window .
Eventual consistency .
This is a specific form of weak consistency ; the storage system guarantees that if no new updates are made to the object , eventually all accesses will return the last updated value .
If no failures occur , the maximum size of the inconsistency window can be determined based on factors such as communication delays , the load on the system , and the number of replicas involved in the replication scheme .
The most popular system that implements eventual consistency is DNS ( Domain Name System ) .
Updates to a name are distributed according to a configured pattern and in combination with time - controlled caches ; eventually , all clients will see the update .
The eventual consistency model has a number of variations that are important to consider :
Causal consistency .
If process A has communicated to process B that it has updated a data item , a subsequent access by process B will return the updated value , and a write is guaranteed to supersede the earlier write .
Access by process C that has no causal relationship to process A is subject to the normal eventual consistency rules .
If process A has communicated to process B that it has updated a data item , a subsequent access by process B will return the updated value , and a write is guaranteed to supersede the earlier write .
Access by process C that has no causal relationship to process A is subject to the normal eventual consistency rules .
Read - your - writes consistency .
This is an important model where process A , after it has updated a data item , always accesses the updated value and will never see an older value .
This is a special case of the causal consistency model .
This is an important model where process A , after it has updated a data item , always accesses the updated value and will never see an older value .
This is a special case of the causal consistency model .
Session consistency .
This is a practical version of the previous model , where a process accesses the storage system in the context of a session .
As long as the session exists , the system guarantees read - your - writes consistency .
If the session terminates because of a certain failure scenario , a new session needs to be created and the guarantees do not overlap the sessions .
This is a practical version of the previous model , where a process accesses the storage system in the context of a session .
As long as the session exists , the system guarantees read - your - writes consistency .
If the session terminates because of a certain failure scenario , a new session needs to be created and the guarantees do not overlap the sessions .
Monotonic read consistency .
If a process has seen a particular value for the object , any subsequent accesses will never return any previous values .
If a process has seen a particular value for the object , any subsequent accesses will never return any previous values .
Monotonic write consistency .
In this case the system guarantees to serialize the writes by the same process .
Systems that do not guarantee this level of consistency are notoriously hard to program .
A number of these properties can be combined .
For example , one can get monotonic reads combined with session - level consistency .
From a practical point of view these two properties ( monotonic reads and read - your - writes ) are most desirable in an eventual consistency system , but not always required .
These two properties make it simpler for developers to build applications , while allowing the storage system to relax consistency and provide high availability .
As you can see from these variations , quite a few different scenarios are possible .
It depends on the particular applications whether or not one can deal with the consequences .
Eventual consistency is not some esoteric property of extreme distributed systems .
Many modern RDBMSs ( relational database management systems ) that provide primary - backup reliability implement their replication techniques in both synchronous and asynchronous modes .
In synchronous mode the replica update is part of the transaction .
In asynchronous mode the updates arrive at the backup in a delayed manner , often through log shipping .
In the latter mode if the primary fails before the logs are shipped , reading from the promoted backup will produce old , inconsistent values .
Also to support better scalable read performance , RDBMSs have started to provide the ability to read from the backup , which is a classical case of providing eventual consistency guarantees in which the inconsistency windows depend on the periodicity of the log shipping .
On the server side we need to take a deeper look at how updates flow through the system to understand what drives the different modes that the developer who uses the system can experience .
Let 's establish a few definitions before getting started :
N = the number of nodes that store replicas of the data
W = the number of replicas that need to acknowledge the receipt of the update before the update completes
R = the number of replicas that are contacted when a data object is accessed through a read operation
If W+R > N , then the write set and the read set always overlap and one can guarantee strong consistency .
In the primary - backup RDBMS scenario , which implements synchronous replication , N=2 , W=2 , and R=1 .
No matter from which replica the client reads , it will always get a consistent answer .
In asynchronous replication with reading from the backup enabled , N=2 , W=1 , and R=1 .
In this case R+W=N , and consistency cannot be guaranteed .
The problems with these configurations , which are basic quorum protocols , is that when the system cannot write to W nodes because of failures , the write operation has to fail , marking the unavailability of the system .
With N=3 and W=3 and only two nodes available , the system will have to fail the write .
In distributed - storage systems that need to provide high performance and high availability , the number of replicas is in general higher than two .
Systems that focus solely on fault tolerance often use N=3 ( with W=2 and R=2 configurations ) .
Systems that need to serve very high read loads often replicate their data beyond what is required for fault tolerance ; N can be tens or even hundreds of nodes , with R configured to 1 such that a single read will return a result .
Systems that are concerned with consistency are set to W=N for updates , which may decrease the probability of the write succeeding .
A common configuration for these systems that are concerned about fault tolerance but not consistency is to run with W=1 to get minimal durability of the update and then rely on a lazy ( epidemic ) technique to update the other replicas .
How to configure N , W , and R depends on what the common case is and which performance path needs to be optimized .
In R=1 and N=W we optimize for the read case , and in W=1 and R=N we optimize for a very fast write .
Of course in the latter case , durability is not guaranteed in the presence of failures , and if W < ( N+1 ) / 2 , there is the possibility of conflicting writes when the write sets do not overlap .
Weak / eventual consistency arises when W+R <= N , meaning that there is a possibility that the read and write set will not overlap .
If this is a deliberate configuration and not based on a failure case , then it hardly makes sense to set R to anything but 1 .
This happens in two very common cases : the first is the massive replication for read scaling mentioned earlier ; the second is where data access is more complicated .
In a simple key - value model it is easy to compare versions to determine the latest value written to the system , but in systems that return sets of objects it is more difficult to determine what the correct latest set should be .
In most of these systems where the write set is smaller than the replica set , a mechanism is in place that applies the updates in a lazy manner to the remaining nodes in the replica 's set .
The period until all replicas have been updated is the inconsistency window discussed before .
If W+R <= N , then the system is vulnerable to reading from nodes that have not yet received the updates .
Whether or not read - your - writes , session , and monotonic consistency can be achieved depends in general on the " stickiness " of clients to the server that executes the distributed protocol for them .
If this is the same server every time , then it is relatively easy to guarantee read - your - writes and monotonic reads .
This makes it slightly harder to manage load balancing and fault tolerance , but it is a simple solution .
Using sessions , which are sticky , makes this explicit and provides an exposure level that clients can reason about .
Sometimes the client implements read - your - writes and monotonic reads .
By adding versions on writes , the client discards reads of values with versions that precede the last - seen version .
Partitions happen when some nodes in the system cannot reach other nodes , but both sets are reachable by groups of clients .
If you use a classical majority quorum approach , then the partition that has W nodes of the replica set can continue to take updates while the other partition becomes unavailable .
The same is true for the read set .
Given that these two sets overlap , by definition the minority set becomes unavailable .
Partitions do n't happen frequently , but they do occur between data centers , as well as inside data centers .
In some applications the unavailability of any of the partitions is unacceptable , and it is important that the clients that can reach that partition make progress .
In that case both sides assign a new set of storage nodes to receive the data , and a merge operation is executed when the partition heals .
For example , within Amazon the shopping cart uses such a write - always system ; in the case of partition , a customer can continue to put items in the cart even if the original cart lives on the other partitions .
The cart application assists the storage system with merging the carts once the partition has healed .
A system that has brought all of these properties under explicit control of the application architecture is Amazon 's Dynamo , a key - value storage system that is used internally in many services that make up the Amazon e-commerce platform , as well as Amazon 's Web Services .
One of the design goals of Dynamo is to allow the application service owner who creates an instance of the Dynamo storage system — which commonly spans multiple data centers — to make the trade - offs between consistency , durability , availability , and performance at a certain cost point .
3
Data inconsistency in large - scale reliable distributed systems has to be tolerated for two reasons : improving read and write performance under highly concurrent conditions ; and handling partition cases where a majority model would render part of the system unavailable even though the nodes are up and running .
Whether or not inconsistencies are acceptable depends on the client application .
In all cases the developer needs to be aware that consistency guarantees are provided by the storage systems and need to be taken into account when developing applications .
There are a number of practical improvements to the eventual consistency model , such as session - level consistency and monotonic reads , which provide better tools for the developer .
Many times the application is capable of handling the eventual consistency guarantees of the storage system without any problem .
A specific popular case is a Web site in which we can have the notion of user - perceived consistency .
In this scenario the inconsistency window needs to be smaller than the time expected for the customer to return for the next page load .
This allows for updates to propagate through the system before the next read is expected .
The goal of this article is to raise awareness about the complexity of engineering systems that need to operate at a global scale and that require careful tuning to ensure that they can deliver the durability , availability , and performance that their applications require .
One of the tools the system designer has is the length of the consistency window , during which the clients of the systems are possibly exposed to the realities of large - scale systems engineering .
When you think of the credit bubble , what comes to mind ?
Overpriced Homes ?
The subprime implosion ?
Massive credit ?
Or are you simply indifferent to it ?
The housing and credit bubble will have a long lasting impact on an entire generation of people living through it .
When we see that a certain company has self - destructed or foreclosures are skyrocketing , what does this mean on a personal level for society ?
In the case study of a couple making $ 130,000 a year and going into foreclosure , we see that this bubble will impact the rich and the poor including the farmer making $ 14,000 a year and buying a $ 720,000 home .
These stories drive the point home and make the credit bubble discernable to people from all sectors of society .
It is easy for most people that understand housing to assume everyone can read a 30 year mortgage statement or has substantial knowledge regarding investing in the stock market .
However , we have examined that the majority of the population is not affluent or what we consider to be really rich .
Very rarely do I come across a personal account that encompasses the entire scope of what a bursting bubble can do to an economy and the people living in it .
Bubbles , as examined from the past , have a very similar pattern in the stages they progress .
Mass euphoria leads to a case of mass resentment and depression both economically and personally for many families .
I came across a letter written from a lawyer from Mason City , Iowa in the Corn Belt recounting the impact of the Great Depression on his town .
It is a poignant and somewhat eerie story to read considering the date of writing is 1933 .
The similarities of what happens in the past raises many questions that I hope to discuss at length and how it will influence our future as a nation .
These are things that as a society we will face .
Foreclosures , larger numbers of families facing economic problems , and the repercussions of another bubble bursting .
Since I found this letter in a very old file , I have decided to type up the large part of the letter since it is a necessary read for anyone trying to diagnosis potential issues we will face .
Of course , times are different .
We are not in the late 1920s or early 1930s , but human nature , bubble psychology , and the essence of being a person are timeless .
Below are paragraphs of the entire letter :
“ The boom period of the last years of the World War and the extremely inflationary period of 1919 and 1920 were like the Mississippi Bubble and the Tulip Craze in Holland in their effect upon the general public .
Farm prices shot sky high almost over night .
The town barber and the small - town merchant bought and sold options until every town square was a real estate exchange .
Bankers and lawyers , doctors and ministers left their offices and clients and drove pell mell over the country to procure options and contracts upon this farm and that , paying a few hundred dollars down and expecting to sell the rights before the following March brought settlement day .
Not to be in the game marked one as an old fogy , while paper profits were pyramided and Cadillac cars and pleasure trips to the cities took the place of Fords and Sunday afternoon picnics .
Everyone then maintained that there was only a little land as fertile as the fields of Iowa , Illinois , and Minnesota , and everyone sought to get his part before it was all gone .
Like gold , it was limited in extent and of great potential value .
Prices skyrocketed from $ 100 to $ 250 and $ 400 per acre without regard to the producing power of the land . ”
Real estate speculation is not a new subject .
As noted by the lawyer , people from all segments of the economy were playing the real estate speculation game .
If you did n’t play the game , you were considered old school and lacked the intelligence to be financially savvy .
Bringing this to the current market , we can see how someone driving a Mercedes may hold a view of someone driving a Honda Civic .
Clearly , the person driving the Civic is n’t playing the real estate game or has an understanding of how to manage their finances .
Sadly , a large percentage of those in the Civic will perceive the person driving the Mercedes as wealthier even though they have an $ 800 a month lease and in fact may have a net worth in the negative territory .
So many people decided to jump into the game and this is noted by the large increase of employment related to the housing complex in the past decade .
The letter continues :
“ During this period insurance companies were bidding against one another for the privilege of making loans on Iowa farms at $ 90 or $ 100 or $ 150 per acre .
Prices of products were soaring .
Everyone was on the highroad not only to comfort , but to wealth and luxury .
Second , third , and fourth mortgages were considered just as good as government bonds .
Money was easy , and every bank was ready and anxious to loan money to any Tom , Dick , or Harry on the possibility that he would make enough in these trades to repay the loans almost before the day was over .
Every country bank and every county - seat town was a replica in miniature of brisk day on the board of trade . ”
Many housing pundits would like you to believe that modern real estate products are somehow superior to past products .
Either way , you are securing a note onto an asset and the basic concepts still apply .
As you can read from the letter , second , third , and even forth mortgages were common in the 1920s .
The perception , just like in better housing days , that housing was an absolute secure investment was something held very near to the heart during the lead up to the Great Depression .
We also notice that lending institutions were just as eager then as they are today to loan money out to anyone with a pulse .
How quickly did the tide turn after the Crash of 1929 ?
It did not happen overnight :
“ The drastic deflation of Iowa loans under the orders from the Federal Reserve Board , upon which Smith Wildman Brookhart , depression Senator from Iowa , poured forth his venom , definitely marked the downward turn in the mythical prosperity of boom days .
Despite our hopes for the better , conditions have grown steadily worse . ”
“ During the year after the great debacle of 1929 the flood of foreclosure actions did not reach any great peak , but in the years 1931 and 1932 the tidal wave was upon us .
Insurance companies and large investors had not as yet realized ( and in some instances do not yet realize ) that , with the low price of farm commodities and the gradual exhaustion of savings and reserves , the formerly safe and sane investments in farm mortgages could not be worked out , taxes and interest could not be paid , and liquidation could not be made .
With an utter disregard of the possibilities of payment or refinancing , the large loan companies plunged ahead to make the Iowa farmer pay his loans in full or turn over the real estate to the mortgage holder .
Deficiency judgments and the resultant receivership were the clubs they used to make the honest but indigent farm owners yield immediate possession of the farms . ”
So we realize after the “ great debacle ” that foreclosures did not peak until 1931 or 1932 .
So it took 2 to 3 years for the pent up excess credit to hit the market .
With our 24/7 media coverage and online to the nanosecond updates , most people think the bubble burst or later recovery will happen tomorrow .
Unfortunately , it will occur over a long and drawn out period while people silently scream .
The denial of the current credit bubble is extremely similar .
By looking at the numbers conservatively , we see that we are going to have much of the same in 2008 and 2009 .
Not only will it be the same , but we are eliminating the “ safety ” feel of real estate and compounding it with growing foreclosures and declining prices .
We recently had a first national housing median price decline since – guess when – The Great Depression .
And it is not uncommon for people to start taking sides at this point .
Some want to call bottom and those financially conservative realize we have a long way down before we hit bottom .
The letter also highlights the sucking dry of savings and reserves of many families .
Well , we already know that we have a negative savings rate so I ’m not sure how long a family could stay afloat without using credit cards or blowing through their retirement funds ( if they have any ) .
How did this impact society ’s view on real estate ? :
“ Men who had sunk every dollar they possessed in the purchase , upkeep , and improvement of their home places were turned out with small amounts of personal property as their only assets .
Landowners who regarded farm land as the ultimate in safety , after using their outside resources in vain attempts to hold their lands , saw these assets go under the sheriff ’s hammer on the courthouse steps . ”
We have this mentality in the current market place .
The majority of folks that invest heavily into renovating their homes are looking to flip the property for a larger profit .
Not everyone , but with shows like Flip This House you begin to realize that home is a temporary pit stop for many in our society .
And then we have the generational psychology shift that housing is n’t a safe investment in every circumstance .
Foreclosures started going through the roof shortly after the psychological shift :
“ During the two - year period of 1931 - 32 , in this formerly prosperous Iowa county , twelve and a half per cent of farms went under the hammer , and almost twenty - five per cent of the mortgaged farm real estate was foreclosed .
And the conditions in my home county have been substantially duplicated in every one of the ninety - nine counties of Iowa and in those of the surrounding states . ”
Growing foreclosures start to hit multiple counties in Iowa during the tidal wave period of 1931 - 32 .
Currently we are facing incredibly large foreclosure jumps in California , Colorado , Arizona , Florida , and Michigan to name a few states .
This is something that has only started .
It has moved from the center of wealth in the 20s of the farm and industrial cities , to the urban metro centers of the 2000s .
Like the previous bust , it took about 3 years for the general market to realize there were major issues .
When times change they change quickly :
” We lawyers of the Corn Belt have had to develop a new type of practice , for in pre-war days foreclosure litigation amounted to but a small part of the general practice .
In these years of the depression almost one - third of the cases filed have to do with the situation .
Our courts are clogged with such matters . ”
“ Gone , too , is that pride of ownership which made possible the development of stock and dairy farms with their herds of fat cattle and hogs , their Jersey cows , their well - kept groves and buildings which beautified and developed the countryside .
The former owners were willing to use a large part of receipts from a farm ’s income to increase its value and appearance but the present absentee owner regards it only as a source of possible dividends . ”
“ From a lawyer ’s point of view , one of the most serious effects of the economics crisis lies in the rapid and permanent disintegration of established estates throughout the Corn Belt .
Families of moderate means as well as those of considerable fortunes who have been clients of my particular office for three to four generations in many instances have lost their savings , their investments , and their homes ; while their business , which for many years has been a continuous source of income , has become merely an additional responsibility as we strive to protect them from foreclosures , judicial receivership , deficiency judgments , and probably bankruptcy . ”
“ The old maxim of three generations between shirt sleeves and shirt sleeves is finding a new meaning out here in the Corn Belt , when return to very limited means in a formerly prosperous population is the result not of high living and spending , but of high taxes , high dollars , and radically reduced income from the sale of basic products . ”
A few things to note .
The impact on a societal level is time and productivity will shift into protecting faltering estates .
Folks will try to save their homes , try to avoid bankruptcy , and we will have collectors focusing on bringing accounts current ( if they can ) .
This is time spent from other economically productive activities .
However , it is an unavoidable evil of any bubble to wash out the excess liquidity .
The letter also discusses the loss of homeownership pride .
I ’ve thought about this many times here in Southern California .
Most of the time , I hear folks saying , “ do you know I have $ 300,000 in equity and if I upgrade the bathroom , it ’ll be worth an additional $ 25,000 ? ”
I ask them if they are upgrading for their family but normally it is to sell it off to the next highest bidder .
We are starting to see dents in this mentality .
Why invest so much in your home if appreciation is stagnant or declining ?
If you really wanted to be a proud homeowner , you would do these things simply for improving your home .
Many did upgrade via mortgage equity withdrawals and second mortgages .
However , when the market bottoms out you realize that many did it as a ploy to inflate the value of their home for a future time to market and not for the betterment of their families ’ well being .
Either way , folks can do whatever they want with their home and money but clearly , homeownership pride for many in Southern California and other large metro areas is based on how much equity you have amassed .
The lawyer recounts a sad story of a client :
“ George Warner , aged seventy - four , who had for years operated one hundred and sixty acres in the northeast corner of the county and in the early boom days had purchased an additional quarter section , is typical of hundreds in the Corn Belt .
He had retired and with his wife was living comfortably in his square white house in town a few blocks from my home .
Sober , industrious , pillars of the church and active in good works , he and his wife may well be considered typical retired farmers .
Their three boys wanted to get started in business after they were graduated from high school , and George , to finance their endeavors , put a mortgage , reasonable in amount , on his two places .
Last fall a son out of a job brought his family and came home to live with the old people .
The tenants on the farms could not pay their rent , and George could not pay interest and taxes .
George ’s land was sold at tax sale and a foreclosure action was brought against the farms by the insurance company which held the mortgage .
I did the best I could for him in the settlement , but to escape a deficiency judgment he surrendered the places beginning in March 1st of this year , and a few days ago I saw a mortgage recorded on his home in town .
As he told me of it , the next day , tears came to his eyes and his lips trembled and he and I both thought of the years he had spent in building up the estate and making those acres bear fruit abundantly .
Like another Job , he murmured “ The Lord gave and the Lord hath taken away ” ; but I wondered if it was proper to place the responsibility for the breakdown of a faulty human economic system on the shoulders of the Lord . ”
“ When my friend George passes over the Jordan and I have to turn over to his wife the little that is left in accordance with the terms of his will drawn in more prosperous days , I presume I shall send his widow a receipted bill for services rendered during many years , and gaze again on the wreckage of a ruined estate . ”
“ I have represented bankrupt farmers and holders of claims for rent , notes , and mortgages against such farmers in dozens of bankruptcy hearings and court actions , and the most discouraging , disheartening experiences of my legal life have occurred when men of middle age , with families , go out of the bankruptcy court with furniture , team of horses and wagon , and a little stock as all that is left from twenty - five years of work , to try once more – not to build an estate – for that is usually impossible – but to provide clothing and food and shelter for the wife and children .
And the powers that be seem to demand that these not only accept this situation but shall like it . ”
Powerful writing is n’t it ?
Hard to believe and even conceptualize a time when prudence and financial discipline were esteemed .
This is the sad account of many folks being demoralized and unable to recuperate a substantial nest egg to retire .
Their main concern shifted to providing the basic necessities for their family .
Keep in mind that the majority of Americans store their wealth in home equity .
Many people that grew up during the depression seem frugal and downright strict with their budgets and lifestyles .
It left a visual scar on their psyche .
How could it not ?
We look at our current culture and hear prominent financial gurus telling people to walk away from their home if they have no equity .
Just leave .
Do n’t try to fight to keep it .
Default and declare bankruptcy if necessary .
My main question is who will pay the eventual bill ?
If you say the government then that means you will be paying back for the mass irresponsibility of financial institutions , imprudent government policy , and the mass greed of many .
Unfortunately , this bubble will affect everyone in some form since all of us need shelter and this credit bubble was built on the over appraisal of a shingled laden roof over your head .
What do you think of the lawyer ’s letter in relation to our current economic situation ?
Did you enjoy the post ?
Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
[ Haskell - cafe ]
Why monoids will abide ...
Another important application of monoids is in parallelisation .
In map - reduce you want to split the reduce part over multiple processors and combine the results back together again .
Associativity ensures that when you combine the pieces together you get the same result as if you did the whole operation on one processor .
Eg. we can rewrite ( ( ( a `mappend` b ) `mappend` c ) `mappend` d as ( a `mappend` b ) `mappend` ( c `mappend` d ) and compute ( a `mappend` b ) and ( c `mappend` d ) on separate processors .
And so on recursively .
( The mempty element tells us what result we should give if we 're reducing an empty array . )
For a large class of problems , parallelising the algorithm consists of teasing out the hidden monoid structure so it can be chopped up in this way .
-- Dan On Tue , Jan 20 , 2009 at 4:27 PM , Don Stewart < dons at galois.com > wrote : > http://apfelmus.nfshost.com/monoid-fingertree.html > >
Thanks Apfelmus for this inspiring contribution !
>
_______________________________________________
>
Haskell - Cafe mailing list >
Haskell - Cafe at haskell.org >
http://www.haskell.org/mailman/listinfo/haskell-cafe >
During a time when most of the commentary and news “ analysis ” has been in favor of the Wall Street takeover plan , Rep. Brad Sherman of California was on Larry Kudlow ’s CNBC show on September 30 to cite evidence that the legislation potentially “ provides hundreds of billions of dollars of bailouts to foreign investors , ” including those in Communist China .
The offensive provision is Section 112 , “ Coordination With Foreign Authorities and Central Banks , ” which “ Requires the Secretary to coordinate with foreign authorities and central banks to establish programs similar to TARP ” ―the Troubled Assets Relief Program .
In another strange twist , in order to get around the constitutional requirement that revenue raising bills must originate in the House , the Senate attached the Wall Street takeover plan to a House bill , the Paul Wellstone Mental Health and Addiction Equity Act of 2007 .
The socialist - style bailout passed 74 - 25 with one senator ( the ailing Senator Ted Kennedy ) not voting .
Of the 25 opponents , 15 were Republicans .
Presidential candidates Senators Barack Obama and John McCain both voted for it .
Obama , perhaps the most radical candidate to run for president on a major party ticket , is coming in for strong criticism from supporters of Ralph Nader , who is running for the presidency on a third party ticket .
An article on the Nader - for - president website says Obama has been fronting “ for the most vicious predators on Wall Street . ”
Those Senators voting against the legislation , known as the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act , were Allard ( R- CO ) , Barrasso ( R - WY ) , Brownback ( R- KS ) , Bunning ( R - KY ) , Cantwell ( D - WA ) , Cochran ( R - MS ) , Crapo ( R - ID ) , DeMint ( R- SC ) , Dole ( R- NC ) , Dorgan ( D - ND ) , Enzi ( R - WY ) , Feingold ( D - WI ) , Inhofe ( R - OK ) , Johnson ( D - SD ) , Landrieu ( D - LA ) , Nelson ( D - FL ) , Roberts ( R- KS ) , Sanders ( I - VT ) , Sessions ( R - AL ) , Shelby ( R - AL ) , Stabenow ( D - MI ) , Tester ( D - MT ) , Vitter ( R- LA ) , Wicker ( R - MS ) , and Wyden ( D - OR ) .
During an appearance on the Fox News Channel , Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said he supported the legislation and cited a conservative Heritage Foundation study in favor of it .
The Heritage study , however , acknowledged constitutional problems with the legislation and warned that it threatened “ centralization of power ” in the U.S. Government .
McConnell ’s colleague from Kentucky , Republican Senator Jim Bunning , does n’t buy McConnell ’s reasoning .
“ Since Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson first came to Congress with this plan I have opposed it , ” he said .
“ And while some of the language and the length of this bill may have changed in the last week , it is still the same old bailout for Wall Street with a few extra sweeteners intended to buy off votes .
In the end , this bill still puts the taxpayers on the hook for Wall Street ’s losses and takes America ’s free market system down the path towards socialism .
I cannot and will not support that . ”
One of the most surprising votes in favor of the plan came from conservative Republican Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma , who suggested in a statement that while the bill was not really so good , it was in line with other legislation passed by Congress .
“ This bill does not represent a new and sudden departure from free market principles as much as it represents an emergency response to congressional actions that have ignored free market principles , and our Constitution , for decades , ” he said .
He vowed to “ do everything in my power to ensure that this bill does not lead us down a slippery slope of European style socialism and slow economic growth . ”
But the foreign bank bailout provision alarmed Senator Pat Roberts , Republican of Kansas , who said , “ The plan permits taxpayer dollars to be used to buy assets of foreign financial institutions that have a presence in the United States .
If U.S. taxpayer dollars are going to be put at risk , those dollars should be used to shore up U.S. based companies . ”
Senator Elizabeth Dole of North Carolina alluded to this as well , saying in opposition that “ It bails out foreign investors before American homeowners struggling to pay their mortgages . ”
“ It ’s very clear , ” Sherman explained on CNBC .
“ The Bank of Shanghai can transfer all of its toxic assets to the Bank of Shanghai of Los Angeles , its subsidiary , which can then sell them the next day to the Treasury .
I had a provision to say if it was n’t owned by an American entity , even a subsidiary , but at least an entity here in the U.S. , the Treasury ca n’t buy it .
That was rejected .
The foreign markets are being told they ’re getting the money . ”
Sherman is a liberal Democrat .
But the other guest on the show , Republican Rep. Paul Ryan , who supported the bill , did not dispute what he said .
“ It ’s on purchases before March 18 , 2008 , and the assets there , ” Ryan said .
“ It is for ―if you had a U.S. subsidiary ―you could sell them [ the assets ] because that ’s clogging up the U.S. financial system . ”
In a Sunday morning September 21 exclusive report , Mike Allen of Politico had broken the story , reporting , “ In a change from the original proposal sent to Capitol Hill , foreign - based banks with big U.S. operations could qualify for the Treasury Department ’s mortgage bailout , according to the fine print of an administration statement Saturday night . ”
That day , appearing on ABC ’s “ This Week ” program , Paulson confirmed the change , saying , “ If a financial institution has business operations in the United States , hires people in the United States , if they are clogged with illiquid assets , they have the same impact on the American people as any other institution . ”
Asked if the bill was socialism , he admitted it was “ big government intervention ” in the economy .
On Monday , when 95 House Democrats voted against the bill , joining 133 Republicans , it went down to defeat .
But it could come back on Thursday or Friday for another vote .
It is Sherman who is working hard to get other Democratic votes against the bill .
Sherman ’s number one concern , reported USA Today , “ is that the bill would allow foreign banks to transfer toxic assets to their U.S. subsidiaries and unload them on American taxpayers .
The bailout at first only applied to U.S. banks but was expanded to include foreign banks with U.S. operations . ”
“ Under the Bill , ” Sherman explained in an October 1 release from his office , “ the Administration can buy any asset from any financial institution for any price .
Some think that only U.S. investors will be bailed out .
Major foreign investors have already been assured that they can benefit from the bailout .
Under the Bill , the Bank of China can sell a portfolio of toxic assets to a U.S. - headquartered investment bank on Monday , and that investment bank can then sell those same assets to the Treasury on Tuesday .
The foreign financial press indicates that foreign investors are sure that they will get at least tens of billions of dollars . ”
On the House Republican side , conservatives are attempting to persuade Reps .
Paul Ryan and Eric Cantor to come out against the bill after they had supported it previously .
Rep. Jeb Hensarling of Texas , the chairman of the Republican Study Committee , the caucus of House conservatives , said that while Ryan and Cantor had helped improve the legislation by adding increased taxpayer protections and additional Wall Street accountability , “ … mere improvement is not the test for support . ”
He explained , “ The test is whether , after weighing both the good and the bad , you believe that the plan ultimately leads America in the right direction .
Using that test , I cannot in good conscience support this legislation . ”
Hensarling had introduced the Free Market Protection Act ( H.R. 7223 ) as an alternative economic plan .
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Rare footage of one of the world 's most strange and elusive mammals has been captured by scientists .
Large , and with a long , thin snout , the Hispaniolan solenodon resembles an overgrown shrew ; it can inject passing prey with a venom - loaded bite .
Little is known about the creature , which is found in the Caribbean , but it is under threat from deforestation , hunting and introduced species .
Researchers say conservation efforts are now needed .
The mammal was filmed in the summer of 2008 during a month - long expedition to the Dominican Republic - one of only two countries where this nocturnal , insect - eating animal ( Solenodon paradoxus ) can be found ( the other is Haiti ) .
It is an amazing creature - it is one of the most evolutionary distinct mammals in the world
Dr Sam Turvey , ZSL
The researchers from the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust and the Ornithological Society of Hispaniola were able to take measurements and DNA from the creature before it was released .
Dr Richard Young , from Durrell Wildlife Conservation
Trust , said : " My colleagues were excited and thrilled when they found it in the trap .
" But despite a month 's worth of trapping effort , they only ever caught a single individual . "
Specialised teeth
The Hispaniolan solenodon is one of the creatures highlighted by the Zoological Society of London 's ( ZSL ) Edge of Existence programme , which focuses its efforts on conservation plans for animals that are both endangered and evolutionarily distinctive .
Dr Sam Turvey , a ZSL researcher involved with the programme , told BBC News : " It is an amazing creature - it is one of the most evolutionary distinct mammals in the world .
" Along with the other species of solenodon , which is found in Cuba ( Solenodon cubanus ) , it is the only living mammal that can actually inject venom into their prey through specialised teeth .
" The fossil record shows that some other now - extinct mammal groups also had so - called dental venom delivery systems .
So this might have been a more general ancient mammalian characteristic that has been lost in most modern mammals , and is only retained in a couple of very ancient lineages . "
A population was discovered living in a remote corner of Haiti Dr Turvey and other scientists working for the Edge programme recently discovered a population of solenodons living in a remote corner of Haiti .
The researcher said that the team was surprised to find them ; previously it had been feared that the creatures had become extinct in this country because of extensive deforestation , recently introduced mongoose and dogs , and hunting by humans for food .
He said : " They are still incredibly vulnerable and fragile .
So it is really important to get back out there to work how how these animals are surviving . "
Conservation efforts are now needed in both Haiti and the Dominican Republic , the teams believe , but the first step would be to find out more about the animal .
Dr Young said : " We know little about its ecology , its behaviour , its population status , its genetics - and without that knowledge base it is really difficult to design effective conservation . "
The research will be undertaken by ZSL's Edge programme , Durrell , the Ornithological Society of Hispaniola , the Audubon Society of Haiti , and the Dominican Republic 's National Zoological Park and Agency for Protected Areas and Biodiversity .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The phone conversation I just had with the cute guy I met at the bar on Friday night : Him : Hi. Me : Hi. H : How are you ?
M : Good .
Really good .
H : Well , you looked really good on Friday .
M : ( nervous laughter )
Thanks .
H : Yeah , so what do you do ?
M : Oh , I ’m a writer .
H : Cool .
Me too .
Where do you work ?
M : Down in Venice .
H : Really ?!
I 'll be in the area tomorrow for work .
M : What do you do ?
H : I just said I was a writer .
M : I meant , what do you write ?
H : Oh , cool .
So , how about I come by and take you to lunch ?
M : ( pause ) Um. Sure .
Why not ?
H : What ’s the address ?
M : 1234 Lincoln .
Across the street from the Vons. H : Oh perfect .
Is there valet ?
M : At my work ?
H : Yeah .
M : No .
H : Well , shit .
M : There is , uh , a parking lot .
H : Oh , cool .
I ’ll come by around 1 . M : Great .
Just call my cell .
H : So , what do you like for lunch ?
M : I like pretty much anything except Italian .
H : My grandfather ’s Italian .
M : Ha ha .
Sorry .
H : How about something hot ?
M : Ooh .
Indian is my favorite .
H : So are you into lingerie ?
M : Well , um , sure .
( semi - awkward laughter )
Is n’t every girl ?
H : Awesome !
So , do you wear crazy panties at work ?
M : Wait , what ?
H : Like lacy shit .
Can you wear those panties with the crotch cut out ?
M : Wha- what the hell are you talking about ?
H : Hey !
Look , I told you I ’m not looking for a relationship .
M : When ?
What ?
H : I just thought you might like a little afternoon delight .
M : …
H : Afternoon delight .
It ’s , like , uh – M : Really ?
Are you really talking sex right now ?
H : And lunch .
You just said you were into kinky shit .
M : No I did n’t H : Yes you did .
M : No I did n’t .
H : What ?
So are you scared ?
M : I do n’t even know you , dude .
H : Put down your purse !
M : What ?
H : Put down your purse !
M : I ’m – I ’m driving .
What ?
H : Trust me .
You want to .
I can do things with my —
M : Uh , sorry , but I do n’t think you understand — H : Baby — ( Loud yelling / commotion in background )
Oh shit , I have to go .
M : What is that ?
H : I gotta go .
Lunch .
1234 Lincoln .
See you then .
M : Wait – wait !
Dial tone …
by David Swanson
CONTACT : http://democrats.com/contact
After five days of citizen voting at President - elect Obama ’s Change.gov website , the top - ranked question seeks a non-partisan Special Prosecutor to investigate the crimes of the Bush Administration :
“ Will you appoint a Special Prosecutor – ideally Patrick Fitzgerald – to independently investigate the gravest crimes of the Bush Administration , including torture and warrantless wiretapping ? ” - Bob Fertik , New York City
The second round of questions began on December 30 .
As of January 4 , nearly 4 million votes had been cast for over 63,000 questions .
The first round of questions ended on December 15 with nearly 1 million votes cast for over 10,000 questions .
In the second round , citizen - submitted questions were separated by category : Economy , National Security , Foreign Policy , Education , Health Care , Energy & Environment , Science & Technology , and Additional Issues .
The Special Prosecutor question appears in “ Additional Issues ” and had 19,624 votes as of noon on Sunday .
The second - ranked question about accountability for bank bailouts ( under Economy ) had 17,033 votes .
The Special Prosecutor question was endorsed by Democrats.com , The Nation , People ’s Email Network , and key bloggers including Digby and McJoan at DailyKos.com .
As noted by Ari Melber of The Nation Magazine , the Special Prosecutor question ranked sixth in the first round of voting at the Obama site .
But Melber writes , “ Now that Vice President Cheney confessed his support for waterboarding on national television , flouting the rule of law , the issue is even more urgent . ”
According to Bob Fertik of Democrats.com , “ Besides Vice President Cheney ’s admissions of torture , President Bush himself has admitted to illegal spying .
If these actions go unprosecuted we will be sanctioning open criminality .
Moreover , the Geneva Conventions require the United States to prosecute war crimes .
We can stand for the rule of law or against it ; the choice cannot be avoided and the question must not be . ”
President - elect Obama has promised to answer the top questions on his site .
In this case it would be the first time since the Pennsylvania primary , and only the second time ever , he has had to address the issue of prosecuting the crimes of the Bush - Cheney administration .
On April 14 he said , “ if I found out that there were high officials who knowingly , consciously broke existing laws , engaged in coverups of those crimes with knowledge forefront , then I think a basic principle of our Constitution is nobody above the law . ”
At the same time , there has been increasing speculation that President Bush , who has been relatively stingy about granting other pardons , will pardon not only Vice President Cheney , but perhaps even himself in the final minutes of his term .
“ If George Bush pardons Dick Cheney and himself for their crimes , the American people will be outraged , ” Fertik said .
“ Under our Constitution , Presidents swear to uphold the Constitution , not to subvert it .
If a President can deliberately authorize crimes and then abuse his pardon power to protect those who commit them , we live in a dictatorship – not a democracy . ”
Melber believes citizen engagement is key .
“ With so few journalists directly asking the President - Elect about these issues , however , it is up to the rest of us to put accountability and the rule of law on the agenda . ”
###
Voting remains open :
Sign in at http://change.gov/openforquestions
On the left menu , click “ Additional Issues . ”
Bob Fertik ’s question will appear at the top .
Look right for the checkbox , mouseover it so it goes from white to dark , then click to cast your vote
—
David Swanson is the author of the upcoming book “ Daybreak : Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union ” by Seven Stories Press and of the introduction to “ The 35 Articles of Impeachment and the Case for Prosecuting George W. Bush ” published by Feral House and available at Amazon.com .
Swanson holds a master ’s degree in philosophy from the University of Virginia .
He has worked as a newspaper reporter and as a communications director , with jobs including press secretary for Dennis Kucinich ’s 2004 presidential campaign , media coordinator for the International Labor Communications Association , and three years as communications coordinator for ACORN , the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now .
Swanson is Co-Founder of AfterDowningStreet.org , creator of ConvictBushCheney.org and Washington Director of Democrats.com , a board member of Progressive Democrats of America , the Backbone Campaign , and Voters for Peace , a member of the legislative working group of United for Peace and Justice , and convener of the accountability and prosecution working group of United for Peace and Justice .
There are two reasons to chuckle at the current situation with global warming .
First , it ’s because if you do n’t have laugh at how ridiculous the national ( Australian ) and international ‘ responses ’ to this crisis are , you ’d be forced to cry .
Second , the denier are , well … laughable .
Enjoy batch II ( you can see batch I here ) .
There 's a serious debate in this country as to how best to end the recession .
The average recession will last five to 11 months ; the average recovery will last six years .
Recessions will end on their own if they 're left alone .
What can make the recession worse is the wrong kind of government intervention .
I believe the wrong kind is precisely what President Barack Obama has proposed .
I do n't believe his is a " stimulus plan " at all -- I do n't think it stimulates anything but the Democratic Party .
This " porkulus " bill is designed ...
West , Ian M. 2020 .
Geology of the Wessex Coast ( including the Dorset Coast - Jurassic Coast - the Isle of Wight , - part of East Devon , - and also Solent Estuaries ) - Home and List of Webpages .
Geological Internet site : http://www.southampton.ac.uk/~imw/index.htm.
Revised Version : 22nd July , 2020 .
.
.
.
INTRODUCTION AND BRITAIN , GENERAL
Geology of Britain - Introduction with Geological Maps
Geology of Wessex Coast - Introduction with Geol Maps
Geology Wessex Coast - Home and List of Webpages ( this )
BARTON , HORDLE CLIFF AND CHRISTCHURCH BAY , TERTIARY CLIFF EXPOSURES
Barton and Highcliffe - Barton Clay and Barton Sand ( Eocene )
Barton and Highcliffe - Coast Erosion and Sea Defences - General
Barton - and Highcliffe - History of Coast Erosion and Sea Defences
Hordle Cliff - Headon Hill Formation
Barton - Highcliffe , and Hordle Cliff , Geological Bibliography
Hurst Spit , Hampshire
Milford - on - Sea , Hampshire
BOURNEMOUTH AREA , EAST DORSET , TERTIARY CLIFFS
Bournemouth Geology - Cliffs ,
Eocene sands , clay and plant beds
Hengistbury Head - Eocene strata and Mudeford Spit , revised
Hengistbury Head - Bibliography
Sandbanks Sand Spit , Geomorphology
Brownsea Island , Poole Harbour BRIDPORT AREA , LOWER JURASSIC , WEST DORSET
Bridport - East Cliff
Bridport Harbour and Beach
Bridport - West Bay - West Cliff to Eype Mouth
Burton Bradstock , Burton Cliff
Golden Cap and Seatown , Jurassic
Eype Mouth , Jurassic ( in prep ) CHESIL BEACH , DORSET ( See also - Portland )
Chesil Beach - General
Chesil Beach - Hurricanes , Storms and Storm Surges
Chesil Beach - Pebbles , including rare rock types
Chesil Beach - Magnetite , Lodestone , Pebbles from Shipwreck
Chesil Beach - the Fleet Lagoon ( in prep )
Chesil Beach - Geological Bibliography EAST DEVON , TRIASSIC RED BEDS AND CRETACOUS
Dawlish Warren Sand Spit , Exe Estuary
Dawlish to Teignmouth cliffs , including the coastal railway line .
Teignmouth to Dawlish , with sea -wall and railway line .
West of Lyme Regis and Axmouth - Lyme Undercliffs
Beer and Seaton
Sidmouth and Ladram Bay
Budleigh Salterton , Exmouth and Littleham Cove
Littleham Cove and Radioactive Nodules ( second half of Budleigh Webpage )
Dartmoor Granite
Torquay and Babbacombe SWANAGE AREA , DURLSTON , UPPER JURASSIC AND CRETACEOUS , DORSET
Peveril Point , Durlston Bay
Durlston Bay , Middle Purbeck ( Berriasian - Cretaceous )
Swanage - Durlston Bay - Lower Purbeck ( Jurassic - Cretaceous )
Durlston Bay - Central Zigzag Part and Coast Erosion
Durlston Head - Lower Purbeck Group and Portland Stone
Durlston Bay - Geological Bibliography
Swanworth Quarry , Portland and Purbeck , with Kimmeridge Boreholes .
ISLE OF WIGHT , CRETACEOUS AND TERTIARY GEOLOGY
ISLE OF WIGHT GEOLOGY - INTRODUCTION
Whitecliff Bay , Tertiary
Alum Bay , Tertiary coloured sands
The Needles , Chalk Stacks ,
Colwell Bay , northwestern Isle of Wight
Brighstone Bay , Compton Bay , Isle of Wight
Isle of Wight Geology - Bibliography KIMMERIDGE AREA , KIMMERIDGE CLAY AND OIL SHALE , DORSET
KIMMERIDGE - BAY , INTRODUCTION
Kimmeridge - East to Hen Cliff , Yellow Ledge and Cuddle
Kimmeridge - East , Blackstone , OIL SHALE , near Clavell 's Hard
Kimmeridge - East , Burning Beach , Burning Cliffs - oil shale fires
Kimmeridge - East , Rope Lake Head to Freshwater Steps
Kimmeridge - East , Chapman 's Pool , Houns - tout ( Hounstout ) Cliff and Egmont Bight
Kimmeridge - West to Hobarrrow Bay , Brandy Bay and Gad Cliff
Kimmeridge - Fossils , ammonites , ichthyosaurs , plesiosaurs , etc
Kimmeridge Clay Boreholes at Swanworth Quarry
Kimmeridge - Bibliography - Start - Main Part .
Kimmeridge - Bibliography Continued .
Petroleum Geology of South Downs and western Weald - including Shale Oil
LULWORTH COVE AREA , JURASSIC AND CRETACEOUS , DORSET
LULWORTH COVE - GEOLOGICAL INTRODUCTION
Lulworth Cove - Purbeck Group - East Side of Cove
Lulworth Cove - Purbeck Group - West Side of Cove
Fossil Forest , Lulworth - Part 1 - the Geology of the Ledge
Fossil Forest , Lulworth - Part 2 - the Fossil Trees
Stair Hole , Purbeck and Wealden
Dungy Head and St. Oswald 's Bay
Lulworth Area - St. Oswald 's Bay and Dungy Head
Durdle Door , Lulworth
White Nothe to Bats Head ( west of Durdle Door )
Mupe Bay and Bacon Hole ( in Army Range , east of Lulworth Cove )
Lulworth Area - Worbarrow Bay , in the Army Range
Lulworth Area - Geological Bibliography
Lulworth Area - Strata and Fossils ( additional notes )
Worbarrow Bay
LYME REGIS AND CHARMOUTH - LIAS , JURASSIC , WEST DORSET
Lyme Regis west to Monmouth Beach , Pinhay Bay and Undercliffs
Lyme Regis and Black Ven east to Charmouth
Lyme Regis - Town and Seafront
Charmouth , Stonebarrow Hill , St. Gabriel's
Liassic Fossils
Lyme Regis - Geological Bibliography
Lyme Regis - Burning Cliffs and the Lyme Volcano
Golden Cap and Seatown NEW FOREST GEOLOGY , HAMPSHIRE AND DORSET
New Forest - Geology Guide
New Forest - Geology - Bibliography
Beaulieu River Estuary
Lepe Beach and Stone Point
Lymington , Keyhaven , West Solent
New Forest - Studley Wood and Upper Latchmore Brook ( nr Bramshaw Telegraph )
Milford - on - Sea , Hampshire
Hordle Cliff - Headon Hill Formation
MENDIP HILLS AND CARBONIFEROUS
Cheddar Gorge Geology
Carboniferous , Mendips - Bibliography
Burrington Combe [ in preparation ]
Mendip Hills , Carboniferous - Quarries etc. [ in prep . ]
Ireland - Carboniferous Evaporites of County Leitrim , Ireland [ paper ]
OSMINGTON , RINGSTEAD AND WHITE NOTHE , CORALLIAN , KIMMERIDGE AND CRETACEOUS .
Osmington Mills - Introduction - Upper Jurassic
Osmington Mills - Osmington Mills to Ringstead
Osmington Mills - Corallian Bencliff Grit and Oil-sand
Osmington Mills - Osmington Oolite Formation , Corallian , Upper Jurassic
Osmington Mills - Black Head Area , Kimmeridge Clay
Osmington Mills - Corallian Fossils
Osmington Mills - Corallian Bibliography
Osmington Mills - Region - Ringstead Bay - White Nothe , Dorset
Osmington Mills - Region - White Nothe to Bats Head ( in prep )
Osmington Mills - Region - Bowleaze Cove to Redcliff Point ( in prep )
Poxwell Quarry and Poxwell Anticline .
PETROLEUM GEOLOGY - OIL AND GAS , SOUTH OF ENGLAND
Petroleum Geology - South of England
Petroleum Geology of the Western Weald and South Downs ( Shale Oil etc. )
Petroleum Geology - South of England - Bibliography [ Oil South Bibliography ]
Petroleum Geology - Portland - Isle of Wight Offshore Basin
Osmington Mills - Corallian Bencliff Grit and Oil-sand
Kimmeridge - Oil Shale at Clavell 's Hard mining area
Kimmeridge - East , Burning Beach , Burning Cliffs - oil shale fires
Kimmeridge Clay Boreholes at Swanworth Quarry
Poxwell Quarry and Poxwell Anticline - Details .
PORTLAND - ISLE OF PORTLAND , PORTLAND STONE , DORSET
Portland - Isle of , Geology - General Introduction
Portland - Portland Bill , Portland Stone , Purbeck , Cryoturbation
Portland - Portland Stone Quarries
Portland - Quarry - Withies Croft , Portland Stone
Portland - The Chesil Beach - Great Shingle Beach
Portland - Dinosaur Footprints in Purbeck Group
Purbeck - Formation - Fossil Forest and Isle of Portland Fossil Trees
Portland - Portland Harbour , Jurassic
Portland - Coast - Mutton Cove to Wallsend , Portland Stone
Portland - Portland Group Fossils
Portland - Isle of - Geological Bibliography
PURBECK GROUP , UPPER JURASSIC - LOWER CRETACEOUS , DORSET ( LULWORTH AND DURLSTON FORMATIONS )
Purbeck Group , - Facies ( Jurassic to Lower Cretaceous )
Purbeck - Evaporites ( late Jurassic )
Purbeck - Durlston Bay , Swanage - Peveril Point , Upper Purbeck
Purbeck - Durlston Bay , Middle Purbeck Group
Purbeck - Durlston Bay - Lower Purbeck Group .
Purbeck - Durlston Bay - Central Zigzag Part and Erosion
Purbeck - Durlston Head - Lower Purbeck and Portland Stone
Purbeck Group - Geological Bibliography - General
Purbeck Group - Geological Bibliography - Topics , Alphabetic .
Purbeck Group - Durdle Door , natural arch
Purbeck - Group - Fossil Forest Exposure , thrombolites , evaporites
Purbeck - Group - Fossil Forest and Isle of Portland Fossil Trees
Purbeck - Ridgway Railway Cutting , Weymouth - Purbeck Group
Purbeck - Portesham Quarry , north of Weymouth .
Purbeck - Poxwell Quarry , east of Weymouth .
Purbeck Group - Dinosaur Footprints of the Isle of Portland
Purbeck Group - Dinosaur Footprints of Quarries in the Isle of Purbeck
Purbeck - Group - Bibliography - Vertebrates
Purbeck - Group - Analogues SOLENT ESTUARINE SYSTEM , AND SOUTHAMPTON REGION
Solent - Estuaries - Geological Introduction
[ with some photographs and notes , re Hythe , Southampton Boreholes etc . ]
Solent - Beaulieu River Estuary , Geomorphology
Solent - Boreholes with geological data
Solent - Geology Bibliography - General
Solent - Geology Bibliography - Topics , Alphabetically
Calshot Spit , Stanswood Bay , Tertiary and Pleistocene
Chilling , Brownwich Cliffs and Hill Head , Southampton Water
Lepe Beach and Stone Point - Geology , Geomorphology
Lymington , Keyhaven and West Solent - Pitts Deep - Geology
Pitts Deep and Tanners Lane , Solent - Geology and Coast Erosion
Solent - Submerged Forest off Hayling Island
Sarsens and Erratics of the Wessex Coast
Solent - Geology of Fawley Power Station , Tertiary and Pleistocene
Hurst Spit , Geomorphology and Rocks .
Hurst Spit - Historic Coastal Events
Milford - on - Sea
Hordle Cliff - Headon Hill Formation
Selsey Bill and Bracklesham Bay STUDLAND AND SANDBANKS , DORSET ( see also Bournemouth )
Studland and South Haven Peninsula - General
Studland - Peninsula - Poole Harbour Side , Tertiary and Pleistocene .
Studland - Tertiary Cliffs and the Agglestone Rock
Harry Rocks to Ballard Point , Chalk Cliffs
Studland and Harry Rocks ; Geological Bibliography
Brownsea Island , in Poole Harbour - Tertiary Geology
Studland - Area - Sandbanks - Sand Spit , Geomorphology and Sediments SWANAGE , DORSET
Harry Rocks to Ballard Point - Geology , Chalk Cliffs .
Swanage - Bay and Ballard Cliff - Cretaceous Geology
Durlston Bay , Peveril Point , Upper Purbeck Group
Durlston Bay , Middle Purbeck Group .
Durlston Bay - Lower Purbeck Group .
Swanage - Durlston Bay - Central Zigzag Part , Purbeck Group .
Swanage - Durlston Head - Lower Purbeck Group & Portland Stone .
Swanworth Quarry , Worth Matravers , Portland Stone .
Durlston Bay - Bibliography SWANAGE , ISLE OF PURBECK - COAST TO THE WEST
St. Aldhelm 's Head , Geology , Portland Stone
Chapman 's Pool , Houns - tout ( Hounstout ) Cliff and Egmont Bight
Winspit and Seacombe , - Portland Stone
Dancing Ledge and Adjacent Coast .
Anvil Point to Blackers Hole , Portland Stone .
St. Aldhelm 's Hd to Durlston Head - Bibliography
Swanworth Quarry , Worth Matravers , Portland Stone .
WEYMOUTH , DORSET - INLAND AND ADJACENT
Ridgway Railway Cutting and Weymouth Relief Road .
Portesham Quarry , Purbeck Group
Fleet Lagoon , back of Chesil Beach
Portland Harbour , Jurassic exposures SABKHA AND ARID ENVIRONMENTS [ some of these pages may be held offline at the present time ]
Sabkhas - and Arid Environments - Introduction
Sabkhas [ Q ] - Sabkhas , Salt Lakes and Arid Environments
Sabkhas - Select Bibiography of Sabkhas , Salt Lakes and Evaporites .
MISCELLANEOUS , SUPPLEMENTARY WEBPAGES ( in progress or incomplete )
Earthquakes and Tsunamis , South of England [ in prog . ]
Cyprus - Geology of Salt Lake and Akortiri Peninsula
Staithes , Yorkshire - Lower Jurassic
Questions and Exercises in Geology
Vertebrate Remains , Eocene , Pyrenees .
PAPERS BY IAN WEST
Publication List of Ian West .
Evaporites and Associated Sediments of the Basal Purbeck Group of Dorset , 1975
Holocene Deposits of Fawley , Hampshire , and Development of Southampton Water , by F. Hodson and I.M. West , 1972
Review of Evaporite Diagenesis in the Purbeck Formation of Southern England .
1979 .
Detrital Portland Chert and Limestone in the Upper Purbeck Beds at Friar Waddon , Dorset .
Click on images for large , high resolution versions !
( do not use browser zoom on the low resolution versions )
This is the first page of a large set of Geological descriptive pages on the Wessex Coast of southern England , much of it a UNESCO World Heritage Site ( " Jurassic Coast " ) .
This is a classic area of East Devon , Dorset , Hampshire , West Sussex and the Isle of Wight .
These geological webpages form one of the world 's largest geological web sites with more than 100 separate web pages .
The first versions were placed online in 1997 and they are improved and enlarged on a daily basis .
There are now thousands of full screen , colour photographs of varied geological and geomorphological features and there are also associated geological bibliographies .
The text in each webpage has linked references to the appropriate bibliography .
The study and descriptions have emphasis on the superb coastal exposures of Dorset , Hampshire and the Isle of Wight .
Triassic , Jurassic , Cretaceous and Palaeogene strata are well - seen in the cliffs of this beautiful coastline .
The various localities , many of them well - known classic sites , are described in terms of stratigraphy , sedimentology , geomorphology , faunal content and coast erosion and progradation , in addition to general background information on the environment .
In additional there are some associated webpages on other specific geological topics such as sabkhas and Pyrenean geology .
A search entry box will be found below .
This site has very heavy use - more than half a million requests per week , including each photographic image .
Thus , it is no longer necessary to keep any records of use , and there is no objective in obtaining additional visitors , although they are , of course , very welcome .
The main aim is to improve the quality of the site academically for existing users and to provide an even greater quantity of detailed and reliable geological information .
Some safety guidance and safety warnings are given in specific webpages .
These warnings are not comprehensive and may not be sufficient for all types of groups visiting the coast .
The objectives of the website relate primarily to field work by geologists , researchers , university students , visiting groups or scientific societies and the safety warnings are intended primarily for these types of visitors .
This website is frequently used by schools and such use is welcomed .
However , some field localities , cliff sites etc , which are commonly visited by geologists may be unsuitable in terms of safety for school parties or individual children , and the website is not specifically planned as guidance for this type of field use .
It is hoped that schools and school parties find it useful , but more stringent safety rules may be needed in the field ( the author has experience only of leading university , society and oil company parties ) .
Thus this is primarily a geological website for geologists , but it is intended also to be useful for other purposes , including information for general visitors and school parties . .
The technical level of the website is not at mathematical research level , but only at intermediate geological level , easily readable by anyone with a degree in geology , equivalent amateur experience , or just a geological interest .
Jurassic Coast World Heritage Site .
The Dorset and East Devon Coast World Heritage Site is England 's first natural World Heritage Site - it is known as The Jurassic Coast .
It covers 95 miles of coastline from East Devon to Dorset , with rocks recording 185 million years of the Earth 's history .
The Channel Coastal Observatory , Southampton University , Southampton
Large - scale , vertical , aerial photographs of the Wessex Coast are available free for downloading to persons who register with this organisation .
In addition there is much more technical information , such as Lidar and Multibeam Bathymetry .
This is a highly recommended website .
The following notes are from the Channel Coastal Observatory website .
" .. The Channel Coastal Observatory is the data management and regional coordination centre for the Southeast Regional Coastal Monitoring Programme .
The programme provides a consistent regional approach to coastal process monitoring , providing information for development of strategic shoreline management plans , coastal defence strategies and operational management of coastal protection and flood defence .
The programme is managed on behalf of the Coastal Groups of the Southeast of England and is funded by DEFRA , in partnership with local Authorities of the southeast of England and the Environment Agency .
The Channel Coastal Observatory is hosted by New Forest District Council , in partnership with the University of Southampton . "
Dorset Geologists ' Association Group .
This very active , local organisation holds field trips and lectures in Dorset and surrounding areas .
These is not necessarily limited to famous locations but also to less well known coastal and inland areas .
They are involved in many other activities , such as keeping local records , and these are listed on their website .
Their Newsletter , which is online , contains reports on field trips .
Dorset Historic Coastal Photographs .
Exmouth to Milford on Sea 1800 - 2000 ( including the East Devon and Dorset World Heritage Site ) . by Doreen Smith of the Dorset Group of the Geologists ' Association .
These pages grew out of an original project to celebrate 150 years of the Geologists ' Association and 200 years of the Geological Society .
To this end I began collecting postcards , magic lantern slides , etchings and whatever else I could obtain on the subject of the WHS coastline .
[ continues ]
UK Onshore Geophysical Library .
This is the major source of onshore seismic data for the UK , including that of the Wessex Coast area , suc as Devon , Dorset , Hampshire and the Isle of Wight .
" With over 75,000 km of available seismic survey data as acquired by the onshore exploration industry , the Library strives to locate all available data items pertaining to each seismic profile , with the aim of providing a fully reconciled archive of original pre-stack field records de-multiplexed to SEG-Y . "
Shown here is a north - south seismic section across the Weymouth Anticline , modified and with some notes added .
See the original seismic section by going to the website : UK Onshore Geophysical Library .
DIGS , 2009 .
The Purbeck Limestone Group : Virtual geology field trips to Purbeck limestone quarries in south Dorset .
CD .
For more details see : DIGS in the Purbeck Group Bibliography .
Gesource : geography and environment gateway for UK HE and FE .
GEsource is the geography and environment hub of the Resource Discovery Network ( RDN ) .
GEsource provides access to high quality Internet resources for students , researchers and practitioners in geography and the environment through five distinct subject gateways : Environment , General Geography , Human Geography , Physical Geography , and Techniques and Approaches .
Wessex Hang Gliding and Paragliding Club .
" Eye in the Sky " - superb oblique aerial photographs of the Wessex Coast .
See Home Page of Wessex Hang Gliding and Paragliding Club .
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I am very grateful to the many people and organisations who have helped in one way or another to make it possible to run this website .
Individual acknowledgements are given in particular webpages on specific places .
Southampton University has supported this site over the years .
I particularly thank the Head of the School of Ocean and Earth Sciences , the Dean of the Faculty of Natural Science and the Environment , Professor Jonathon Bull , Professor Max Barton , Dr. Ian Croudace and others who have helped keep the website running .
I particularly thank Frances Bradbury for regular help over the years .
I very much appreciate the cooperation of the Channel Coastal Observatory in making available excellent aerial photographs of the region of study .
I particularly appreciate the generous cooperation of iSolutions , Southampton University .
Mark Watts of Computer Services of Southampton University is thanked for solving a problem of image files that had temporarily , misplaced .
It is very good to know that this website is backed up on tape by computer services , in addition to my various personal , external hard drive backups .
My family have assisted in many ways with regard to this website and their help is greatfully acknowledged .
Last week marked an important milestone for the “ Web as Platform ” as the 1,000 API was added to the ProgrammableWeb registry .
John Musser ( see : Web2.0 Report ) started tracking the first few web service API ’s back in 2005 .
How do these 1000 APIs break down by type ?
The following chart , derived from our database , shows the the top 15 sectors or markets with the greatest number of competing API providers .
As you can see there are already 71 mapping - related APIs alone ”
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Financier Kirk Kerkorian is pulling out of the stake he took in Ford Motor Co. just six months ago , selling 7.3 million shares at a fraction of his purchase price .
Kerkorian 's investment firm , Tracinda , revealed in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission Tuesday that he had sold those shares Monday for an average of price of $ 2.43 , and that he was looking to possibly dump his remaining 133.5 million shares , which represent a 6 % stake in the automaker .
Ford ( F , Fortune 500 ) shares closed Monday down 7 cents to $ 2.33 .
Shares were off another 7 cents in pre-market trading following the announcement .
Ford had limited comment on the filing .
" Questions about specific investment decisions should be addressed to Tracinda , " said Ford spokesman Mark Truby .
" We 're remain confident and focused on our plans to transform Ford into a growing and profitable auto company . "
Kerkorian announced in April that he had bought 100 million shares for an average price of $ 6.91 .
He then announced a tender offer under which he paid $ 8.50 a share for an additional 20 million shares .
In addition he bought another 22.3 million shares between late April and mid-June at an average price of $ 6.54 a share , giving his total investment an average price of just over $ 7 a share .
At the time Kerkorian announced his tender offer in April , he gave Ford management a tremendous vote of confidence , saying that despite the difficult economic outlook he had faith in a turnaround at the automaker .
" Tracinda believes that Ford management under the leadership of Chief Executive Officer Alan Mulally will continue to show significant improvements in its results going forward , " said the statement from Kerkorian 's firm back in April .
But since April , Ford and other automakers have been hammered by both high gas prices and tighter credit , which made it difficult for consumers to find the financing they needed to buy cars .
The general downturn in the economy , with the rising job losses , also has hit auto sales .
Ford saw its
September sales fall by more than a third from year - earlier level , leaving its sales for the first nine months of the year down 18 % from the same period a year earlier .
" I do n't know if Ford 's North American operations are even going to profitable by 2010 , " said Kevin Tynan , auto analyst with Argus Research .
" Add to that that we 're looking at global automaker weakness into 2010 , there 's not much hope you 're even breaking even on an investment in Ford any time soon . "
Kerkorian has been one of the most enthusiastic investors in the U.S. auto industry over the years .
He was the largest individual shareholder at Chrysler when it was purchased by German automaker Daimler in 1998 , and he tried to buy Chrysler again when Daimler put it up for sale in 2007 .
It was eventually sold to private equity firm Cerberus Capital .
He also became the largest individual shareholder in General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) in 2005 and 2006 , eventually selling his stake when GM management decided against his push for an alliance with Nissan and Renault .
His investment in GM had a narrow loss , although dividend income on his shares produced a slim profit over the 19 months he held shares .
Art Hogan , chief investment strategist at Jefferies & Co. , said that Kerkorian signalling that he wants out of the auto industry is yet another nail in the industry 's prospects in the eyes of investors .
" We 've put a lot of nails in that coffin already .
But Kerkorian was one of the last believers standing , " said Hogan .
Kerkorian disclosed in an earlier SEC filing that he had a $ 600 million revolving line of credit to purchase Ford shares and that he had pledged his Ford shares , and some of his other holdings , as collateral .
Kerkorian , the primary shareholder of casino operator MGM Grand ( MGM , Fortune 500 ) , said he was selling the Ford shares because he sees " unique value in the gaming and hospitality and oil and gas industries . "
" Do you need a good excuse to pull out of Ford ?
What you need is an excuse for getting in in the first place , " said Hogan .
" It 's been in demise for a decade . "
Investigators say they are examining several theories as to the motive A top human rights lawyer who acted for the family of a Chechen woman murdered by a Russian army officer has been shot dead along with a journalist in Moscow .
Stanislav Markelov , who acted for the family of Kheda Kungayeva , 18 , was shot by a gunman after a news conference in the centre of the Russian capital .
He had voiced outrage after officer Yuri Budanov was released early .
Budanov was the first Russian officer to be prosecuted for killing a civilian during the conflict in Chechnya .
He confessed to strangling Ms Kungayeva in 2000 , saying he had acted in a fit of rage while interrogating her , suspecting she was a sniper .
He was subsequently jailed for 10 years and was released with more than a year of his sentence to serve .
Appeal Mr Markelov was shot in the head with a pistol fitted with a silencer not far from the building where he had just held a news conference on the Kungayeva case , law enforcement officials said .
Mr Markelov had said that Russia 's legal system was deeply flawed A newspaper journalist who was with him , Anastasia Baburova from the Novaya Gazeta , was badly wounded in the attack and died a few hours later in hospital .
Investigators say that they are examining several possible theories as to the motive for Mr Markelov 's killing , including the possibility that it was linked to his professional activities .
According to the Russian RIA - Novosti news agency , Mr Markelov had just told reporters that he planned to appeal against Budanov 's early release .
The municipal court in Dimitrovgrad , where Budanov was serving his sentence , ruled in December that he should be freed early because he had repented his crime .
The decision led to protests in Chechnya attended by both human rights activists and representatives of the pro-Moscow authorities .
In an interview with the BBC's Russian Service a few days ago , Mr Markelov said the decision to release Budanov showed that the Russian system was deeply flawed .
" I understand now that there is no rule of law , " he said .
" My task now is to find out who gave the order for Budanov to be released , and to present a criminal case to the chief prosecutor in order to find out who is guilty of breaching their legal authority . "
Chechnya has been devastated by heavy fighting since 1994 , when Russian troops first poured in to crush a separatist movement .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After yesterday 's Holocaust Memorial Day , I have a request :
Let it be the last one , at least outside the Jewish world .
Let 's put an end to the shallow declarations of " Never Again , " which have degenerated into denunciations against long - dead Nazis made from a safe historical distance .
This is risk - free grandstanding , which German writer Johannes Gross summed up well : " The resistance to Hitler and his kind , " he once wrote , " is getting stronger the more the Third Reich recedes into the past . "
Holocaust ...
" They put Faith in an incubator as is the procedure with all babies born with deformities in Zambia , and only then was I allowed to see my child .
They told me that I would have to wait six months for any operation to help her . "
In fact , the anti-Vista uproar has been so loud that Microsoft has been forced to keep Windows XP alive in many forms — including as " downgrade options " for OEM customers and , currently , as an option for the new class of PC called netbooks .
But , to be fair , Microsoft did fix many issues and problems with Vista when the company released Service Pack 1 , and driver and application support has noticeably improved .
But so , too , has Linux — and without the controversy or drawing the anger and wrath of a marketplace .
In fact , while Redmond , Wash . - based Microsoft has stumbled over the past two years in gaining acceptance of Vista in the corporate world if not the marketplace in general , various distributions of desktop Linux have been gaining significant support .
Lenovo Group , Dell Inc. and Hewlett - Packard Co. now provide at least some client computers with Linux OS as an option .
So the time was right , following the release of the most recent version of the Ubuntu desktop Linux OS , for Test Center reviewers to take a side - by - side look at the two operating systems .
Ubuntu 8.10 Desktop Edition , nicknamed " Intrepid Ibex , " provides so much functionality and ease of use , at zero cost of acquisition , that it is really impossible to ignore .
Installation
In previous years , there would have been no contest .
For installation , Windows required disks .
Linux required disks , line commands , support from online user groups , more line commands , more support and , well , you get the picture .
But over the past few years that really has n't been the case .
Installing Ubuntu — or even other distributions of Linux from SuSE to Red Hat / Fedora to smaller distributions like Mandriva — has become a snap .
( Customization is another story , though . )
For now , Microsoft has lost any advantage it once had in the basic installation process with Vista against Ubuntu .
Once each OS was installed during evaluation in the Test Center lab , Ubuntu 8.10 scored big against Vista in both performance testing and in wireless integration — areas where Linux has had some trouble in the past .
Edge : Ubuntu
Performance
Using the same custom - built PC test bed loaded with , alternatively , Ubuntu 8.10 and Windows Vista Business , Ubuntu proved to be a quicker installation , scored higher in benchmark testing , managed wireless connectivity more easily and booted slightly faster than Vista .
Keep in mind that less than two years ago , wireless integration with Ubuntu was pretty weak and nonintuitive — especially for Linux newbies — while Windows XP enjoyed nearly universal market support .
Early results show Ubuntu has closed the gap dramatically .
The Test Center 's PC test bed was built with an Intel Core 2 Duo E7200 CPU at 2.53GHz , an Elitegroup Computer Systems G31T -M motherboard with integrated Intel graphics and 2 GB of SDRAM .
First , Windows Vista Business was installed on the PC ; using Primate Labs ' Geekbench benchmarking software the system rang up a score of 2,838 .
That 's about on par with other Vista - based systems we 've reviewed this year with similar hardware specs .
Geekbench is a multiplatform benchmarking software and scans each system for elements of both hardware and software performance , including floating - point CPU performance and I/O .
We then did a clean install on the same PC with Ubuntu 8.10 .
Running Geekbench on the PC , the system returned a score of 3,367 — a measurable and noteworthy performance spike .
Even apart from the Geekbench score , the PC with Ubuntu 8.10 was noticeably faster when opening or switching between applications .
Boot time with the PC running Vista was 56 seconds ; with Ubuntu 8.10 it took 50 seconds .
Edge : Ubuntu beats Vista on performance .
Connectivity
In Ubuntu 8.10 , developers also have integrated a simple , intuitive console for managing wireless connectivity , including for Wi-Fi and broadband wireless .
After installation , it took two clicks of the wireless console to hook up the PC to a wireless router .
The PC was built with a Linksys Wireless - G PCI adapter , nothing exotic , and connectivity worked like a charm .
No line commands were needed ; no installation of drivers was needed .
It just worked .
Connecting to a network via Ethernet , Wi-Fi or wireless broadband is now possible with two clicks .
In a wired Ethernet connection , Vista will in most cases just connect — no questions asked .
But to flip between Ethernet and WLAN , for example , does take some clicking back and forth and required additional navigation that is n't always the most intuitive .
Edge : Ubuntu beats Vista on client connectivity .
Portability And Sharing
There are a few other noteworthy improvements in this Ubuntu version vs. the 8.04 release .
With two clicks of the management console , a " guest " account can be created to permit more than one person to customize a desktop on the same PC .
A guest account can then be saved to a thumb drive and loaded onto another PC .
Developers also have provided a streamlined upgrade process to get from one version to the next .
( The upgrade process was a little balky when we tried to upgrade from 8.04 to 8.10 inside a Sun VirtualBox virtual machine . )
Windows Vista does provide for sharing and guest use of the client , but it 's a much less intuitive and much more restrictive process .
Edge : Ubuntu beats Vista on portability and sharing .
Browser Support
This is where Microsoft does have an advantage with Vista — which supports all the major Web browsers including Firefox 3.0 , Chrome , Opera , Safari and , yes , Internet Explorer 7.0 .
While there are early indications that Internet Explorer 8 , which is now in beta , could have some problems unless bugs are resolved prior to launch , the wide array of popular browsers that run on Vista is an advantage for the folks in Redmond .
A number of niche browsers do perform on Ubuntu , which is bundled with Firefox .
And some may even say that its inability to run Internet Explorer is actually an advantage .
But a growing segment of users may find themselves switching back and forth between different browsers for different reasons ( for example , iPhone users may lean toward Apple 's Safari browser even on Windows for a number of portability and consistency reasons . )
A limited lineup of browsers compatible with Linux and Ubuntu wo n't help anyone seeking to migrate .
In this case , Vista gets the nod for browser support , but its advantage over Ubuntu is a relatively small factor in measuring the overall capabilities between the two operating systems .
Edge : Vista has the advantage over Ubuntu .
Price
Here , there is no argument .
Ubuntu is free , as in no cost of acquisition .
Microsoft has set a variety of different pricing schemes — not only from Vista Ultimate to Vista Business and all the other flavors of Vista , but even from OEM to OEM and solution provider to solution provider .
In a down economy , that may start to matter as more enterprises determine that it 's simply more efficient to install Ubuntu 8.10 at no up - front cost — even as a bridge until Microsoft launches Windows 7 .
Edge : Ubuntu beats Vista on acquisition price .
Support And Road Map
Canonical Ltd. , London , the organization that oversees development of Ubuntu , releases a new version of Ubuntu every six months , the most recent being version 8.04 in April .
That version , nicknamed Hardy Heron , is considered a long - term support release , meaning free updates will be made available to that version for three years .
Version 8.10 , released last year , will receive updates for 18 months .
Microsoft has been unusually aggressive in publicly working on its next - generation , post - Vista OS , Windows 7 .
While the company has said nothing publicly nor has anything been set in stone , some believe that Windows 7 could begin to appear in the market as early as 2009 — much quicker of a move on the road map than was Microsoft 's move from Windows XP to Windows Vista .
From a consistency perspective , Microsoft 's road map leaves something to be desired , especially for solution providers and CIOs who are advising and planning for three years out .
Ironically , when it comes to Windows and Ubuntu , leaders in both camps have been recognizing strengths in the other and trying to introduce their more attractive points into their own operating systems .
For example , Mark Shuttleworth , founder of Ubuntu , has continually stated that one of his goals is to make the user experience in Ubuntu attractive and rewarding enough to longtime users of Windows so that they 'll be comfortable in making the switch .
" Windows is a very important platform , and our justifiable pride in Linux and the GNU stack should n't blind us to the importance of delivering software that is widely useful , " Shuttleworth wrote last year in between the releases of Ubuntu 8.04 and Ubuntu 8.10 .
" I believe in bringing free software to people in a way that is exciting and empowering to them , and one of the key ways to do that is to show them amazing free software running on their familiar platform , whether that 's Windows or the Mac OS .
" Firefox , for example , is an inspiring free software success story , and I 'm certain that a key driver of that success is their excellent support for the Windows environment .
It 's a quick download and an easy install that ' just works , ' after which people can actually feel that free software delivers an innovative and powerful browsing experience that is plainly better than the proprietary alternatives .
I 've noticed that many of the best free software projects have a good Windows story .
MySQL and PostgreSQL both do .
Bazaar works well too .
And users love it —users that may then be willing to take a step closer to living in the GNU world entirely . "
One response by the Ubuntu community has been development of WUBI , or Windows - based Ubuntu Installer .
WUBI writes the entire Ubuntu OS as a file on a Windows machine .
While the world is much more familiar today with dual - boot systems , for novice users — or for anyone who is put off by fear of losing data — doing so might not be viewed as much of an option .
But with WUBI , there is no partitioning of the disk drive ; it can install or be uninstalled in a Windows Control Panel under the add / remove function .
" Being able to install and uninstall a Linux OS as if it were a Windows app is a brilliant innovation , " Shuttleworth added .
On the Microsoft side of the equation , the company has been quite public about its desire to make its server - side technology work better with Linux ; the company still has a working relationship with Novell , Waltham , Mass. , that has Microsoft distributing " coupons " for the server version of Novell 's SuSE operating system .
And thanks to virtualization , either operating system can be run as a guest with the other operating system as a host .
For example , Sun Microsystems Inc.'s VirtualBox application can run in either Linux or Windows ; a Ubuntu user can load Windows onto a PC , and a Windows user can load Ubuntu in a virtual machine .
More than a decade ago , Microsoft challenged and defeated an attempt by IBM Corp. , Armonk , N.Y. , to keep a foot in the door of the desktop operating system space when IBM brought to market , invested in , developed and maintained its OS / 2 and OS2 Warp operating systems .
There were significant segments of the market that truly believed OS / 2 was superior , yet Microsoft 's Windows still won the day , the year , the decade .
It 's unclear now whether the exact same thing is happening .
But while the Linux community and Ubuntu development community are vast and quick moving and , in some cases , are backed by hardware guys like Round Rock , Texas - based Dell Inc. , there is , by and large , no throat to choke when something goes wrong .
Microsoft might not always leave solution providers or customers satisfied , but there 's an entity that remains legally responsible for much of the technology it places into the marketplace .
In addition , Microsoft remains aggressive about pushing out updates to Vista as an operating system and delivering patches when holes are discovered .
Edge :
On support and road map , Microsoft gets a very slight advantage .
Application Support
It 's also important to note that the ecosystem around Ubuntu has grown significantly over the past couple of years as well .
Canonical continues to bundle key application software with Ubuntu , including OpenOffice.org , Rhythmbox ( music management software that can integrate with MP3 players including iPods ) , Firefox 3.0 , GIMP photo editing software and more .
However , it is — and will be for a while — a Windows world when it comes to application support .
Whether for multimedia , business , network , client , gaming , productivity ( and on and on and on ) , Microsoft enjoys a much stronger position than Ubuntu with application support .
It 's not as much a criticism of Ubuntu or Linux as it is an acknowledgment of the deep roots of Microsoft 's ecosystem in the IT world .
On application support , it 's not even close : Microsoft 's advantage is overwhelming .
That may deteriorate in the near term as software - as - a - service and cloud computing grow .
Edge :
In the here and now , the Linux community falls short of Microsoft on this point .
Security
While some may argue — and credibly — that the Windows platform is much more vulnerable from a security perspective than Linux because it's a bigger target , Windows Vista Business allows for a nice , drill - down level of security management on a client - by - client basis via its Local Security Policy console .
And Vista has been tuned to run hand - in - glove with Windows Server 2008 , which the Test Center has previously found to be unparalleled in terms of its ROI potential , management features , scalability and flexibility .
From our vantage point , Windows Vista Business still maintains an advantage in terms of strength of network management and administration in Windows environments ( surprise , surprise . )
After all , Windows servers — including Server 2003 and Server 2008 — have an optimal working relationship with Windows clients .
But even there , the Vista installed base in commercial settings in North America shows no signs yet of hitting a crossover point with Windows XP in terms of installed base .
Edge :
On security , it 's essentially a tie .
A Look Ahead
Ubuntu developers are scheduled to release the next version of the OS , Ubuntu 9.04 , code - named Jaunty Jackalope , in April .
In that version , expect the OS to come bundled with the newest versions of open - source applications like OpenOffice.org 3.0 , the latest release of GIMP photo editing software and more .
For its part , Microsoft continues to make Windows XP available on netbook platforms , and is expected to release Vista Service Pack 2 in the near term .
An early look at Windows 7 shows some improvements in areas such as User Account Control , better personalization and improvements to Bit Locker , and support for multitouch technology , among other things .
Our analysis of Windows 7 pre-beta and beta versions also reveals the OS may be the most secure ever produced by Microsoft .
However , it 's still unclear — even if Ubuntu and other Linux distributions provide improvements in their next iterations — whether Microsoft will pick up an appreciable edge in security over its open - source rivals .
But we 're more than a little concerned about how tightly Internet Explorer 8 is tied to the Windows 7 platform ; public remarks about Interent Explorer 8 in beta testing have not been kind and other ISVs , including McAfee , continue to exhibit show - stopping incompabilities in some applications with Microsoft 's next - generation browser .
Vendors and communities may point fingers back and forth about who is to blame for not being compatible with the other software , but for us that misses the point .
Ubuntu 's platform is not tied to Internet Explorer and Mozilla 's Firefox platform shows no such show - stoppers in how it works with the open - source OS .
Windows 7 shows improvement over Vista , but not in a dramatic way .
Indications are that the change from Vista to Windows 7 will be much more subtle than the sea change solution providers , VARs and their customers experienced when confronted with trying to switch from Windows XP to Vista .
The Bottom Line
Ubuntu 8.10 Desktop Edition easily ranks higher than any other Linux desktop OS we 've looked at in the Test Center .
Head to head , Ubuntu simply beats Vista on so many important points that Windows is no longer the simple , reflexive default .
We 're calling this one for Ubuntu , plain and simple , because it 's a beautifully done operating system , it functions as advertised , it 's easier on the client side to get up and running and it costs less .
Application support is still a big deal working against it .
We understand that not every solution provider and not every customer will exactly be eager to make the jump from Windows to Linux on the desktop .
VARs may also fear they 'd lose out on financial incentives that Microsoft might provide , while Ubuntu provides no rebates or spifs .
But because Linux is developed under the General Public License , solution providers can , in effect , set end - user pricing themselves .
And customers need not change all at once ; some customers may be much more amenable to installing Ubuntu in a VirtualBox VM on some Windows desktops to test it out .
Just because Ubuntu 8.10 is a desktop OS that 's ready for prime time does n't mean that everybody should make the jump all at once .
Take baby steps , if that works better .
But know that the steps are a lot easier to take than in the past .
One point to remember is that the Test Center does n't dislike Windows Vista .
It works fine ( with enough CPU strength and 4 GB of memory installed ) .
It just works less fine than Ubuntu 8.10 .
The Benefits
It can be a challenge to get as much iron you need in a day , but knowing which foods contain the biggest amounts can definitely make it easier .
So how much of the mineral do you need ?
The Recommended Dietary Allowance ( RDA ) is 18 milligrams for adult women , and 8 milligrams for men .
Worth noting : Vitamin C helps your body absorb iron from food .
Ready to get healthier ?
See which eats you should be adding to your plate now .
Israel to keep troops in Gaza following ceasefire announcement
By David Walsh
19 January 2009
A tense truce presently exists in the Gaza Strip after Israel ’s declaration of a unilateral ceasefire Saturday night and Hamas ’ announcement of a one - week ceasefire twelve hours later .
An undisclosed number of Israeli troops still remain in Gaza however , and Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has made clear there was no commitment , nor any timetable for a withdrawal .
Nor is there any Israeli commitment to opening Gaza ’s borders and ending the devastating blockade .
While some Israeli tanks and armored vehicles withdrew from areas in southern and northern Gaza , Olmert said that Israel reserved “ the right to react and renew its military actions ” if the Palestinians continued firing rockets into southern Israel .
For their part , Hamas and other Palestinian resistance groups announced a temporary ceasefire and stressed their demand for “ the withdrawal of the enemy forces from the Gaza Strip within a week , along with the opening of all the crossings for the entry of humanitarian aid , food and other necessities for our people in the Gaza Strip . ”
The truce may well be only a pause in the violence .
The Bush administration brokered the ceasefire , with a Friday meeting in Washington between US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni playing a critical role .
The memorandum of understanding signed by Livni involves promises by the US promising to deploy technical , intelligence and military assets across the Middle East and to enlist NATO and US - allied Arab regimes to help prevent arms getting into Gaza , particularly from Iran .
The agreement is highly ominous .
While the Wall Street Journal notes that the memorandum “ does n't call for the US to employ its own troops in the Palestinian territories , ” it adds that “ US officials compared the scope of the agreement to the Proliferation Security Initiative , a Bush administration program that focuses on interdicting ships and airplanes believed to be trafficking equipment used in developing nuclear weapons and long - range missiles . ”
Washington is thus promising to seize Iranian or Syrian ships or airplanes on the pretext that they may be carrying arms to Hamas .
The US - Israeli agreement contains the seeds of a new and wider war .
US officials indicated that “ the memorandum will remain in effect after Barack Obama is inaugurated next week .
Rice said she has been briefing the Obama transition team on the memorandum 's implications . ” ( Journal )
State Department Spokesman Sean McCormack drove home the point , noting that the agreement “ commits the United States , ” adding that Rice had discussions with incoming Secretary of State Hillary Clinton concerning the issue .
“ I think it ’s safe to assume that we would n't have moved forward if we had n’t done some careful consultations prior to signing this with the incoming [ Obama ] folks , ” McCormack told the media .
The timing of the Israeli ceasefire and the US - Israeli deal coincides with the eve of the inauguration .
It seems clear that the Israelis intended to halt the assault on Gaza , at least temporarily , before Obama took up residence in the White House .
It is also clear that the plans being worked out between Israel , the US , Egypt and the European Union to strangle Palestinian resistance and undermine the Hamas government in Gaza have the full support of the incoming US administration .
Olmert also issued a clear threat to Iran and Syria in his ceasefire announcement , declaring that the military operation “ proved again the power of Israel and improved its deterrence against those who threaten it . ”
One of the motives of the brutal offensive was to send a message to Iran in particular , which Israeli officials continually refer to as Hamas ’s sponsor .
The international diplomatic effort as a whole is aimed at further isolating and disarming the Gazan population and toppling the Hamas administration , installing in its stead the US - backed and Fatah - led Palestinian Authority .
This , however , seems an unlikely outcome given the widespread hatred and disgust among Gazans for the Palestinian Authority of President Mahmoud Abbas .
The PA acted throughout the onslaught as the stooge of the Israelis and Americans , violently suppressing demonstrations and protests in the West Bank against the Israeli offensive in Gaza .
European Union officials also play their role in this cynical game .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , the British , Italian and Spanish prime ministers Gordon Brown , Silvio Berlusconi and Jose Luis Zapatero and Czech premier Mirek Topolanek met with Egyptian officials first on Sunday and then traveled to Jerusalem for a summit with Olmert .
The European politicians spilled crocodile tears over the deaths of hundreds of Gazan children , without indicting Israel as the guilty party , and spoke strongly in defense of “ Israel ’s right to protect its citizens from Hamas rockets . ” ( Reuters )
According to press commentary , the EU - Israeli summit and related diplomatic maneuvers are concentrated on developing effective means of preventing Hamas from “ re-arming , ” while nothing is being said about opening Gaza ’s borders .
The blockade and suffocation of Gaza will continue , with US and European support .
Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Jordan and the other Arab states also play their part in this dirty business .
With much of Gaza flattened by Israeli bombs and artillery shells , residents came out of shelters and other hiding places Sunday to look at the massive destruction .
According to Gaza municipal authorities , approximately 20,000 residential and government buildings were damaged and another 4,000 entirely destroyed .
Some 50 of the UN ’s 220 schools , clinics and warehouses were shelled or otherwise attacked by the Israelis .
The Palestinian death toll presently stands at more than 1,300 , but that is expected to rise .
Medics pulled at least 100 bodies , including those of several children , from the rubble Sunday in the Al Tuffah area , Jabal Al Rayyis , Al Kashif , Al Atatra , Al Qarm , Al Zeitoun and Jabaliya .
An official of the Palestinian Ministry of Health added that dozens of residents were still missing and presumed dead .
The search through the rubble will continue for several days .
According to Hamas medical authorities , the dead include 418 children , 110 women , 120 men over 50 , 16 paramedics , 4 reporters and five foreigners .
Foreign journalists , prevented from entering Gaza since the fighting began three weeks ago , got their first glimpse of the carnage Sunday .
Correspondent Paul Wood told the BBC “ that in the town of Beit Lahiya he saw the first real destruction - streets churned up by Israeli heavy armour , overturned cars , a lake of raw sewage in the street and a mosque left as a charred ruin . ”
A Newsweek reporter noted that the “ situation was the most dramatic in Gaza City , which Western journalists reached for the first time today …
Today the Beach Road opened , and journalists arrived in Gaza City to find scenes of what John Ging , the local head of the UN Relief and Works Agency , described in an interview as ‘ destruction on an unimaginable scale . ’ ”
“ Parts of the densely populated city looked like Grozny [ the capital of Chechnya bombed by Russian forces ] on a bad day ; one neighborhood , eastern Jabaliya , had nearly every building reduced to a pile of rubble , roofs flattened to the ground - at least 50 of them in close proximity along several blocks .
Even relatively untouched neighborhoods had signs of heavy machine gun fire tattooed up and down the walls , with the occasional gaping hole from a tank shell or rocket . ”
Israeli atrocities continued up to the declaration of the ceasefire and beyond .
In the hours after the declaration of a truce , Israeli troops shot dead an eight - year - old girl in the northern town of Beit Hanoun and a 20 - year - old man near the southern town of Khan Yunis .
On January 15 , the Israeli air force bombed and set ablaze the Al - Quds hospital in a southwestern district of Gaza City , where some 500 people were sheltering .
According to Al Jazeera , hospital officials said the fire was sparked by a “ phosphorus shell . ”
Two hospitals east of the city were also hit by shells Thursday .
The Israelis continued their policy of targeting Palestinian leaders until the final days of the current round of fighting , assassinating Hamas ’s interior minister , Said Siam , on Thursday .
The death prompted a mass rally at his funeral on Friday .
On Friday an Israeli strike hit the home of a Palestinian doctor , Izzeldin Abuelaish , who had been giving reports to Israeli television on conditions in Gaza over the past three weeks , and killed three of his daughters and a niece .
The news program went on the air as the doctor was attempting to save the girls ’ lives .
Also on Friday , a mother and five of her children were killed by an Israeli tank shell in the al - Bureij refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip , witnesses and
medics said .
The children were reportedly aged 7 to 12 and the mother was 30 years old .
On Saturday , two brothers , five and seven , were killed in a tank attack on a UN school in Beit Lahiya .
Their mother lost both her legs in the attack and subsequently died .
The boys and their mother had been sheltering from repeated Israeli air strikes over the northern Gaza Strip .
Britain ’s Daily Mirror reported : “ [ P ] ictures clearly showed a marked UN vehicle outside the building while terrified locals sprinted for cover as a hail of fire rained down , seriously injuring 13 others . ”
John Ging of the UN Relief and Works Agency commented : “ These two little boys are as innocent , indisputably , as they are dead .
The question now being asked is :
Is this and the killing of all other innocent civilians in Gaza a war crime ? ”
Another UNRWA spokesman , Christopher Gunness , told reporters : “ Gaza is unique in the annals of contemporary suffering in that it is a conflict with a fence around it .
There is nowhere safe to flee . ”
Gunness said the UN would call for a war crimes investigation .
According to Palestinian sources , bombings of UN facilities have killed nearly 50 people in Israel 's three - week long offensive in the Gaza Strip .
A UN official , cited in the Sydney Morning Herald January 19 , claimed that Israel deliberately blocked the building up of vital food supplies before the launch of its war against Hamas .
The UN ’s chief humanitarian coordinator in Israel , former Australian diplomat Maxwell Gaylard , accused the Zionist regime of failing to honor its promise to open its border with Gaza during several months of truce from June 19 last year .
“ The Israelis would not let us facilitate a regular and sufficient flow of supplies into the Strip . ”
For four or five months , according to Gaylard , “ up to even 19 December , less of our supplies and spare parts and items of equipment … got in than before the 19th of June . ”
This policy , both a provocation against Hamas and part of a plan to make certain that supplies ran out once the fighting began , is further evidence that the murderous Israeli assault , far from an act of ' self - defense ’ in response to rocket attacks in December , was planned well in advance .
The author also recommends :
A socialist answer to the Gaza crisis ( 10 January 2009 )
Hands off Gaza ! ( 5 January 2009 )
The Gaza crisis and the perspective of permanent revolution ( 30 December 2008 )
Corporate media engages in mental gymnastics to hide the true driver of natural climate change through eons of geological history – the sun
Paul Joseph Watson & Steve Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , December 16 , 2008
An Associated Press article has stunned some readers by suggesting that an ongoing global cooling trend is actually indicative of how quickly the planet is succumbing to man-made global warming .
The bizarre statement appeared in a panic - inducing article that emphasizes man-made warming fears and highlights how president elect Obama must tackle them with new laws including a carbon tax “ cap - and - trade ” system .
“ Mother Nature , of course , is oblivious to the federal government ’s machinations . ” writes Seth Borenstein .
“ Ironically , 2008 is on pace to be a slightly cooler year in a steadily rising temperature trend line .
Experts say it ’s thanks to a La Nina weather variation .
While skeptics are already using it as evidence of some kind of cooling trend , it actually illustrates how fast the world is warming . ”
The article goes on to state :
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ Since Clinton ’s inauguration , summer Arctic sea ice has lost the equivalent of Alaska , California and Texas .
The 10 hottest years on record have occurred since Clinton ’s second inauguration .
Global warming is accelerating .
Time is close to running out , and Obama knows it . ”
Chief global warming propagandists the World Wildlife Fund released a report earlier this year claiming that Arctic ice was shrinking at an alarming rate , leading to forecasts that the “ North Pole may be ice - free for first time this summer ” .
Such predictions were debunked after it emerged that Arctic ice had actually expanded 30 per cent , an area the size of Germany , a fact conveniently overlooked by the WWF .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Meanwhile temperatures have hit record lows in Denver and Montana as the Northeast United States experiences some of the worst snow and ice storms for a generation .
2008 is the coldest year of the decade and record low temperatures have hit areas all over America .
This has little to do with a “ weather variation ” and everything to do with the fact that the chief climate driver throughout eons of natural climate change – the sun – has exhibited a record barren spell of sunspots , which is causing the global cooling we are now witnessing all over the world .
Conversely , throughout the 1990’s and in the early years of this decade , during which global warming reached its peak , the sun was more active than it had been at anytime in the previous 1,000 years .
The most recent period during which solar activity massively decreased was between 1645 and 1715 , known as the Maunder Minimum , which also coincided with the geological period known as the Little Ice Age , when temperatures plummeted all over the world and the Thames in London was frozen solid .
The fact that the corporate media has openly abandoned any pretense of balance and fully thrown its weight behind the religious fervor of global warming – an orthodoxy that refuses to allow anyone to question its supreme and absolute dogma – again highlights how desperate the climate change PR assault has become in the face of over 650 scientists signing their names to a US Senate Minority report that challenges the contention of the UN ’s International Panel on Climate Change that there is a scientific “ consensus ” on the causes of global warming .
Now that the real catalyst behind climate change , the sun , has dealt a blow to the global warming propagandists by daring to produce less sunspots , the climate change lobby will now merely claim that global cooling is a part of global warming , and that we must still lower our living standards and pay carbon taxes , while all the real environmental problems are ignored or actively made worse by the same power brokers demanding that we make sacrifices in the name of fighting a non-existent threat .
This article was posted : Tuesday , December 16 , 2008 at 5:57 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Looking at the recent Michigan snow from the safety of my warm apartment stirs up memories : Getting stranded in New Jersey in the Blizzard of ' 96 ; sledding near my great aunt and uncle 's home in Vermont ; the polar bears of our youth .
You know what I mean .
Polar bears like this guy .
That 's right ; one of my warmest , most comforting wintertime memories derives from a soft drink advertising campaign launched in 1993 .
The early - to mid-90s were halcyon days for marketing - firm - crafted animated friends like those polar bears , Cool Spot , Chester Cheetah , and , of course , Joe Camel .
Mr. Camel , or " Old Joe " as he was officially known , is no longer with us , unfortunately .
That 's what you 'd expect when every child knows and loves your mascot , but the product you just happen to sell is a viciously unhealthy and addictive substance - in this case , we 're talking , of course , about cigarettes .
No one can fault a company for having a great ad campaign , but there is something a bit insidious about familiarizing children with an addictive substance that could have long - term negative health effects .
Cigarettes are n't the only addictive , unhealthy substance peddled by those childhood friends of mine .
Maybe it 's time for this country to sit down and really think about soda .
I know it 's hard because we 've had a long relationship with soft drinks , but we ought to reconsider the way we expose our kids to them .
New York 's proposed soda tax , while flawed , is a good first step .
I agree with Nicholas Kristof 's assessment that the proposed tax should help get kids off sugary drinks .
An article in the Journal of Public Health Policy , published a little more than eight years ago , found that a 1999 one - dollar tax hike was expected to have decreased American cigarette consumption by upwards of nearly 40 percent .
Taxes work , especially at the margins .
I can attest to this .
When Maryland - once a cheap alternative to Michigan 's expensive tobacco - raised the price of cigarettes by a dollar , it forced me to reconsider my old habit .
The tax began on January 1 , 2008 .
I quit smoking exactly a month later , have n't had a cigarette since , and this is no coincidence .
On a related note , I had three Diet Cokes today , three yesterday , three the day before that , and so on .
I 'm not saying that soda is more addictive than nicotine , but it 's habit - forming .
All this aside , there is a serious hole in Kristof 's - and New York Gov. David Paterson 's - thinking about a soda tax .
It ignores drinking diet soda , which studies have shown to correlate with worse health than regular soda drinking .
Diet soda needs to be a part of a proposed tax .
If we 're strictly dealing with the sugary nature of beverages , we should honestly extend the tax to all beverages that contain a large amount of sugar per serving .
After all , take a look at the sugar and caloric content of juice .
It 's not that different from the soft drinks themselves ( frustratingly , Coca Cola does not provide the sugar content in that link , but the two - liter Coke in the fridge 's nutritional label says it has 27 grams of sugar per 8 ounce serving - which is actually less than some of the juices ) .
Soda , however , is the beverage that , as Kristof points out , correlates with obesity and diabetes , both officially epidemics in this country .
For freedom 's sake , we can't go around banning unhealthy food , but there is something that differentiates soda from all the other unhealthy products .
It is the line that I would draw in the sand , spreading the tax only to sodas .
It is the presence of an addictive stimulant known as caffeine ( http://www.springerlink.com/content/wl412194360xj32t/).
Take a look at the top 10 best - selling U.S. sodas in 2007 .
Eight out of 10 contain caffeine .
So here we have beverages that are mostly addictive , as well as cause obesity and diabetes - and that ignores any possible negative effects from the caffeine .
Beverages like Sprite and Fanta , the two caffeine - free options in the top 10 , are marketed as interchangeable pieces of the soda paradigm .
A soda is a soda .
That makes caffeine - free sodas just as culpable in the situation , especially given that they produce the same negative health effects and benefit from a market created in part through a reliance on caffeine addiction .
If the policies affecting soda consumption left out the caffeine - free options , I would protest but understand because the presence of this addictive chemical is the separating point between soda and something that 's just bad for you .
So here 's what we need to do .
First , establish a tax on all sodas including the diet ones .
Start teaching the ill effects of soft drinks in the education system , the way " Cigarettes are bad for you " is hammered into your head as you go through school .
The last - and possibly most controversial bit - is a ban on soft drink advertising directed explicitly at children .
I 'm sorry , polar bears , but while soda may not quite be cigarettes , you need to the go the way of Joe Camel .
Beginners to Buddhism are handed lists of doctrines -- the Four Noble Truths , the Five Skandhas , the Eightfold Path .
One is told to understand the teachings and practice them .
However , " believing in " doctrines about Buddhism is not the point of Buddhism .
What the historical Buddha taught was a method for understanding oneself and the world in a different way .
The many lists of doctrines are not meant to be accepted on blind faith .
The Venerable Thich Nhat Hanh , a Vietnamese Zen master , says " Do not be idolatrous about or bound to any doctrine , theory , or ideology , even Buddhist ones .
Buddhist systems of thought are guiding means ; they are not absolute truth . "
The absolute truth of which Thich Nhat Hanh speaks cannot be contained in words and concepts .
Thus , merely believing in words and concepts is not the Buddhist path .
There is no point in believing in reincarnation / rebirth , for example .
Rather , one practices Buddhism in order to realize a self not subject to birth and death .
Many Boats , One River
To say that doctrines and teachings should n't be accepted on blind faith does n't mean they are n't important .
The myriad teachings of Buddhism are like maps to follow on a spiritual journey , or a boat to carry you across a river .
Daily meditation or chanting may seem pointless , but when practiced with sincerity they have a real impact on your life and outlook .
And to say that Buddhism is not about believing things does n't mean there are no Buddhist beliefs .
Over the centuries Buddhism has developed diverse schools with distinctive , and sometimes contradictory , doctrines .
Often you might read that " Buddhists believe " such and such a thing when in fact that doctrine belongs only to one school and not to all of Buddhism .
To compound confusion further , throughout Asia one can find a kind of folk Buddhism in which the Buddha and other iconic characters from Buddhist literature are believed to be divine beings who can hear prayers and grant wishes .
Clearly , there are Buddhists with beliefs .
Focusing on those beliefs will teach you little about Buddhism , however .
If you want to learn about Buddhism , put aside all assumptions .
Put aside assumptions about Buddhism , and then assumptions about religion .
Put aside assumptions about the nature of the self , of reality , of existence .
Keep yourself open to new understanding .
Whatever beliefs you hold , hold in an open hand and not a tight fist .
Just practice , and see where it takes you .
And remember the Zen saying --
The hand pointing to the moon is not the moon .
One of those moments when the Onion gets to the truth in ways no serious outlet could :
Now , granted , there are some Christians on the lunatic fringe who take their beliefs a little too far .
Take my coworker Karen , for example .
She 's way off the deep end when it comes to religion : going down to the homeless shelter to volunteer once a month , donating money to the poor , visiting elderly shut-ins with the Meals on Wheels programyou name it !
But believe me , we 're not all that way .
The people in my church , for the most part , are perfectly ordinary Americans like you and me .
They believe in the simple old - fashioned traditions Christmas , Easter , the slow and deliberate takeover of more and more county school boards to get the political power necessary to ban evolution from textbooks statewide .
That sort of thing .
We oppose gay marriage as an abomination against the laws of God and America , we 're against gun control , and we fervently and unwaveringly believe that the Jews , Muslims , and all on earth who are not born - again Pentecostalists are possessed by Satan and should be treated as such .
When it comes down to it , all we want is to see every single member of the human race convert to our religion or else be condemned by a jealous and wrathful God to suffer an eternity of agony and torture in the Lake of Fire !
I hope I 've helped set the record straight , and I wish you all a very nice day !
God bless you !
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Quinoa ( pronounced keh - NO - ah or , sometimes , KEEN - wah ) is a relative newcomer to the American pantry .
The tiny , ancient Peruvian seed , which has a mild , nutty flavor , is related to leafy green vegetables and is often used like a grain .
Quinoa is as versatile as rice but it has a protein content that is superior to that of most grains , because it contains all the essential amino acids .
In particular , quinoa is high in lysine , an amino acid important for tissue growth and repair .
It ’s also a good source of manganese , magnesium , phosphorus and copper , and it has a high iron content .
Quinoa is very easy to cook .
It ’s important to rinse the seeds well , because they are naturally coated with a bitter substance that protects them against birds and other predators .
Most packaged quinoa has already been cleaned , but it does n’t hurt to soak and rinse it just in case .
Quinoa cooks in 15 minutes , and it ’s easy to tell when it ’s done because the seeds display a little white thread that curls around them .
Basic Steamed Quinoa
Many recipes for quinoa suggest cooking it like rice , in two parts water for one part quinoa .
This works , but I find the grains are fluffier if I cook them in three parts water and drain the excess water once the quinoa is tender .
The tiny seeds swell to about four times their original size , so 1 cup uncooked quinoa yields about 4 cups , enough for 6 to 8 servings .
1 cup quinoa
3 cups water , chicken stock or vegetable stock
1/2 teaspoon salt ( more to taste )
1 . Place the quinoa in a strainer and rinse until the water runs clear .
I wish I had a monkey .
Not like the monkey in the photo though , as this monkey has some kind of fruit smeared all over its face .
I 'd want a clean monkey .
Having your own monkey would be fantastic for a whole host of reasons and , as they are quite intelligent yet unable to speak , they learn quickly through beatings while being unable to tell anyone about the beatings .
This list , featuring the kind of monkeys that would be good to have , is far from complete as it omits Jetski Monkey , Boiling Water Monkey , and Battlestar Galactica Monkey , but covers the basic best kinds of monkeys .
Disguised Monkey
Gambling Monkey
Hairdressing Monkey
Paddling Monkey
Web Monkey
Channel Changing Monkey
Surveillance Monkey
5 Fun Things to do with a Monkey
If I had a monkey , I 'd make my monkey wear a monkey costume .
Then if anyone said , “ Thats not a real monkey , I can see the zipper ” , I could say , “ I bet you fifty dollars it is a real monkey , ” and when they said , “ that seems like a reasonable bet ” , my monkey would take off the monkey suit and they would have to pay me fifty dollars .
I 'd buy drugs with the fifty dollars .
For the monkey .
So he would n’t mind spending his life in a monkey costume .
If I had a monkey , I 'd teach him to count cards like Dustin Hoffman in the movie Rainman and sneak my monkey into a casino .
If anyone said , “ Hey a monkey , whose monkey is that ? ”
I 'd say , “ It ’s not my monkey .
” If I had a monkey , I would teach him how to do my hair using the appropriate amount of product .
I would then set the alarm for him to get up half an hour before I do and do my hair while I am still asleep .
This would give me more time to write about what I would do if I had a monkey .
If I had a monkey , I 'd teach it how to use a paddle .
The next time I went kayaking , I would be able to relax and enjoy the scenery while my monkey navigated the river .
The last time I went kayaking , I fell asleep and got sunburnt and the current took me way down the river and I had to paddle all the way back .
Having a paddling monkey would prevent this happening so really it ’s a safety issue .
If I had a monkey , I 'd teach it to download porn .
This way I could spend my time watching it instead of searching for it .
I estimate this would save me one hundred and thirty hours a week .
I 'd obviously require a monkey with similar tastes to mine but how hard can it be to find a monkey with a penchant for pregnant midgets wearing latex ?
If I had a monkey , I 'd teach it how to use all my entertainment equipment .
I 'd save money on batteries for the remote controls by having my monkey change channels for me .
With the money I saved on batteries I 'd buy drugs .
I would share the drugs with the monkey while we watched Black Books and Stephen Chow movies together .
If I had a monkey , I 'd teach it to track down people who annoy me on Facebook .
Using earpieces to communicate , I 'd have my monkey conceal himself behind the person typing and when that person wrote something stupid , my monkey would run up and slap them on the back of the head .
Having several monkeys would be more convenient but I do n’t have time to train several monkeys , what with having to do my own hair in the mornings .
Constructing and flying box kites .
Eyetoy .
Running down sand dunes .
Playing Connect 4 .Dressups .
Sasha and Malia , we were seven when our beloved grandfather was sworn in as the 41st President of the United States .
We stood proudly on the platform , our tiny hands icicles , as we lived history .
We listened intently to the words spoken on Inauguration Day service , duty , honor .
But being seven , we did n't quite understand the gravity of the position our Grandfather was committing to .
We watched as the bands marched by -- the red , white , and blue streamers welcoming us to a new role : the family members of a President .
We also ...
Rogel McMorris , Jason Brew and Hector Muaimba were convicted of rape
Three men have been jailed for raping a 16 - year - old girl in an attack in which caustic soda was thrown on her .
The girl , who has learning difficulties , was lured into a north London flat and repeatedly raped .
Rogel McMorris , 18 , from Tottenham , north London , was jailed for nine years for rape and grievous bodily harm .
Jason Brew , 19 , from Tottenham , was jailed for six years and Hector Muaimba , 20 , from Walthamstow , was given eight years for rape and robbery .
Two - hour ordeal
The girl , who cannot be named , was lured to the disused flat in Tottenham in January last year , Wood Green Crown Court heard .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
She told the court she agreed to meet a man she knew for sex there because she thought it would make her popular .
But during a two - hour ordeal she was repeatedly raped by a group of men .
Before they left McMorris threw caustic soda on her .
The girl was in a coma following the attack and has been left permanently disfigured .
She is undergoing treatment , including surgery and skin grafts .
Judge Shaun Lyons said the girl 's life had been ruined and she would have to live with major physical difficulties .
Outside court the girl 's uncle read a statement on behalf of her family , including her parents , saying : " The past 12 months have been a very difficult time for us as a family .
It feels like no sentence is any justice compared to what the victim has been through
Det Con Alex Newton
" The trauma , stress , depression and hopelessness have all been too difficult to bear . "
He added : " We know the sentence imposed on the perpetrators of this hideous crime against our daughter , whatever and however we feel about it , will not bring sufficient justice and healing to our daughter . "
Det Con Alex Newton said it was the biggest rape case Haringey police had dealt with .
A lack of co-operation by the community made it extremely difficult to investigate , she added .
" It doubled the amount of work to really get to the bottom of it and I do n't think we ever really will , " she said .
" It feels like no sentence is any justice compared to what the victim has been through . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When you consider the best individual Super Bowl performances of all - time , names like Joe Montana , Timmy Smith , and Doug Williams come to mind .
But not everyone has great experiences during Super Bowl week .
In fact , for some , its a downright awful few days .
Granted , there are a few situations ( Raiders center Barret Robbins going AWOL days before Super Bowl XXXVII , for example ) we cant really include on a list like this .
But some , we can .
Here are the Five players who were sure that if they had the chance , would undoubtedly do their Super Bowl weeks a little differently the second time around .
Allen Kee/WireImage.com
5. Thurman Thomas , Super Bowl XXVI , 1992
Though Thomas is an NFL Hall of Famer , he was 0 - 4 in Super Bowls and is the subject of one of the more infamous and embarrassing big game snafus .
As the legend goes , throughout the 91 season , Thomas would put his helmet on the 40 - yard - line during pre-game warm - ups as a superstitious good luck charm .
Yet , when he did it prior to the kickoff of Super Bowl XXVI , the helmet was moved for Harry Connick Jr.s singing of the Star Spangled Banner .
A frantic Thomas spent minutes searching for his helmet and missed the first two plays of the game .
Hed rush for just 13 yards in a 37 - 24 loss to the Redskins .
G. N. Lowrance / WireImage.com
4. Jerramy Stevens , Super Bowl XL , 2006
Days before his Seahawks took on the heavily favored Steelers in the Super Bowl in Detroit , Stevens told reporters , " The story of Jerome Bettis returning to his hometown is heartwarming , but it 's going be a sad day when he does n't walk away with that trophy . "
Though it was a harmless enough comment , it got Steelers linebacker Joey Porter riled up just enough to bark back , " A guy running in and out on special teams should n't be sayin ' things like that . "
The soft - spoken Stevens suddenly became the focus of the rest of Super Bowl week , dropped three crucial passes in the game , and his Seahawks lost 21 - 10 .
And yes , in the end , Bettis walked away with " that trophy . "
Tom Berg/WireImage.com
3. Adrian Awasom , Super Bowl XLII , 2008
Yes , the Giants won the game .
But in this era of 24 - hour media scrutiny , handlers , and constant micro-managing , for any player to get a DUI two days before the Super Bowl is absolutely inexcusable .
Awasom was sent home prior to the Giants upset of the Patriots , did not get to experience the greatest upset in Super Bowl history , and is currently not on an NFL roster .
( Insert your own joke about how not Awasom that is here . )
Al Pereira / WireImage.com
2. Eugene Robinson , Super Bowl XXXIII , 1999
On the morning before the Super Bowl , Eugene Robinson was presented the Bart Starr Award by a religious group for his upstanding morals and character .
That very evening , the Falcons cornerback was arrested for offering an undercover cop posing as a prostitute $ 70 for oral sex .
Oopsie daisy !
He was bailed out of jail just in time to get burned on the first deep pass of the game , a Rod Smith 80 - yard touchdown pass from John Elway .
The Broncos beat the Falcons 34 - 19 .
Eugene Robinson never won another Bart Starr Award .
Vic Milton / WireImage.com
1. Stanley Wilson , Super Bowl XXIII , 1989
Already suspended twice by the league for substance abuse earlier in his career , Wilson a fullback for Cincinnati was found by his position coach , Jim Anderson , in his hotel bathroom the night before the Super Bowl , high on cocaine .
A 1999 Cincinnati Enquirer article described the scene , " The player was sweating and shivering .
White powder flecked his nose and upper lip .
The devil was back , for good . "
Wilson was left off the active roster for the game and kicked out of the league forever .
The Bengals lost to the 49ers the next evening .
Three Questions with Super Bowl Champion , Ronde Barber
Ralph Waclawicz /WireImage.com
Ronde Barbers had a crazy few months .
After starting the season 9 - 3 , his Bucs lost the final four games of the season and missed the playoffs .
Monte Kiffin , his longtime defensive coordinator , announced he was leaving to join his sons staff at the University of Tennessee .
And then , two weeks after the season , team ownership fired coach Jon Gruden and GM Bruce Allen , and hired Raheem Morris a 32 - year - old with just two years of NFL position coach experience as the new head coach of the Bucs .
He spoke with us while doing the rounds for Gatorades " G " campaign .
Whats being a Super Bowl champion do for a players career ?
I won a Super Bowl ring ( in 2002 ) in the middle of my career , so it only made me hungrier .
I want to win more , and I would have loved to have been playing for another one this year .
A lot of great players NFL legends never won a Super Bowl , so to say that Ive done it reached the pinnacle is definitely something I value .
That Super Bowl victory defines me , both here in the city of Tampa and around the league .
My role in that NFC Championship Game in Philly , my role in that Super Bowl over Oakland those are my career highlights .
When I look back on it years from now , those are the moments Ill remember and cherish most .
Imagine someone just landed here from planet Mars and had never played football before .
How would describe Warren Sapp ?
Ah , its been a few years since I played with Warren , but the best way to define him is to watch him in a film session , breaking down game tape .
We watched film as an entire defensive unit not just with the other guys at your position .
So youve got 26 guys in a room an entire defense and a whole defensive coaching staff , and theres Warrens talking the entire and I mean entire time .
If a guy misses a tackle or misses an assignment on film and it doesnt matter who , a rookie , a veteran Warren just calls him right out in front of everyone in the room and takes him to task for it .
And its not a polite Cmon , its more than that .
Its heated .
He was always the first guy to open his mouth and spot a mistake .
But heres the thing .
Hed come at you , call you out hard , give it to you in front of the entire defense and you wouldnt mind .
Because you knew all Warren Sapp wanted to do was win .
And in a way , Warren being that way in those film sessions so demanding , so abrasive made us all want to be better football players .
It inspired all of us to strive even harder for perfection .
Thats Warren Sapp in a nutshell .
Last season , there was lots of negativity coming out of New York towards your brother Tiki .
As he stood there in the Giants locker room after their Super Bowl win , with a microphone in his hand for The Today Show do you think he had any regrets ?
Nope .
Thats Tiki .
Its how he approaches life .
I know he might have come off as aloof , but thats just him .
His decision to retire might have been shocking for many , but we knew that was coming .
He didnt want to play football anymore .
He didnt want to get beaten up every Sunday .
The irony , of course , is that the Giants won the next season without him .
But , did he have any regrets ?
No .
Once hes done with something , hes done with it .
He moves beyond and is on to the next thing .
Peter Schrager 's weekly football column runs on Thursdays .
You can read an archive of his columns here .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Israeli / Palestinian Conflict
Title : Is Israeli Policy Crazy ?
Source : antiwar.com
URL Source : http://www.antiwar.com/eland/?articleid=13992
Published : Jan 3 , 2009
Author : Ivan Eland
Post Date : 2009-01-03 00:58:43 by gargantuton
Comments : 85
Is Israeli Policy Crazy ? by Ivan Eland
The " Israeli model " has long been held up by hawks in the United States as the gold standard for dealing with adversarial nation - states , guerrillas , and terrorists .
The storyline goes that Israel is a small country surrounded by aggressive enemies that use unfair measures ( including terrorism ) to try to wipe it off the face of the map .
Therefore , the thinking in Israel is that to survive , the Israelis must use disproportionate tactics to show how tough they are to instill fear in their vicious enemies .
This paradigm , practiced by Israel since its inception in 1948 , has been tactically sound and strategically disastrous .
It is a myth that throughout its history Israel has been outgunned by the Arabs .
During and since the war over its creation in 1948 , the Israelis have always had superior military power , resources , and training compared to the Arab states .
As a result , oftentimes , Israel has been able to successfully deliver overwhelming and disproportionate blows to its enemies .
Despite this tactical strength , Israel 's enemies just seem to keep coming back and getting angrier .
In other words , overwhelming tactical military victories do n't deal with the social and political causes of the intense hate that Israel engenders .
Because these root causes remain , Israel will continue to need to take draconian measures to ensure its security  for example , conducting the current heavy military attacks on Gaza .
Israel does n't seem to get that superior power does n't buy security as long as the adversary 's grievance lingers .
The enemy just gets more desperate and resorts to terrorism  either the suicide bombing of civilians or the firing of inaccurate rockets into Israeli towns from outside .
Enlightened opinion in Israel should see the strategic idiocy in decades of living as a powerful armed camp and using a dominant military to either tactically defeat your enemies or quarantine them into giant pens  the West Bank and Gaza  and suppress them .
If Israel would settle this 60 - year state of war with its neighbors by giving up control over land that was taken by force from the Arabs in 1967 , the Arabs and Israelis could grow rich together by conducting cross - border trade and investment and luring lucrative foreign investment from outside the region .
Of course , it is easy for observers outside the region to see how such a settlement of the Palestine problem could be reached on paper ; it is much harder to overcome the decades of hatred to actually implement it .
And Israel has no incentive to give up control over the land because it has overwhelming tactical military superiority and the support of a superpower .
Yet Israel needs to put aside hatred of Arabs and solve the underlying grievance or violence will continue even if Israel launches a ground invasion of Gaza to take out Hamas .
Military attacks by Israel may cripple its enemies in a tactical military sense , but they only strengthen the Arab hatred and will for revenge .
Ironically , Israel 's current onslaught on Gaza , coming before the Israeli elections , aims to demonstrate to the Arabs that Israel is still tough subsequent to its last military debacle against the group Hezbollah in Lebanon in 2006 .
In that campaign , the Israelis used Hezbollah 's rocket attack on northern Israel and the kidnapping and killing of a few Israeli soldiers as an excuse to pummel the entire country of Lebanon with air attacks and conduct a limited ground invasion .
Hezbollah 's military capabilities were significantly reduced , but its stature and political strength were increased by doing better than expected against the vaunted Israeli military .
In the Arab world , you do n't have to win , but just do better than expected .
This was n't the first time that Israeli military action had had a counterproductive effect .
In 1982 , the Israelis invaded Lebanon to wipe out PLO ( Palestinian Liberation Organization ) infrastructure in that country .
The Israelis sent the PLO packing , but the continuing Arab grievance then took a more sinister form in the creation of the Islamist group Hezbollah .
Hezbollah burnished its resistance credentials by eventually kicking Israel out of Lebanon in 2000 .
After the disastrous wars on Lebanon in 1982 and 2006 , in which Israel won militarily but ultimately lost politically , one would think Israel would have avoided yet another disastrous disproportionate military response in response to Hamas 's rocket attacks on southern Israel .
But no such luck .
If the definition of insanity is repeatedly doing the same thing and expecting a different result , Israel 's policy has to be deemed " crazy . "
Even the best outcome for Israel is grim .
If the Israeli military invades Gaza on the ground to wipe out Hamas and its military infrastructure and Egypt does not allow Hamas fighters to escape to its territory , the Arab grievance will likely merely morph into a more angry and virulent form after the almost certain eventual Israeli withdrawal .
Alternatively , if Hamas is not completely wiped out  either because some fighters successfully melt back into Gaza 's population or because Israel merely threatens a ground invasion but does n't follow through 
Hamas 's stature will grow in Gaza and the Arab world for successfully withstanding the Israeli goliath  as Hezbollah 's did after the Israeli onslaught against and withdrawal from Lebanon in 2006 .
Instead of making peace with the Palestinians and Syrians by eliminating the underlying grievance and giving back their land , or at least answering minor provocations with limited tit - for - tat responses , Israel will likely continue flailing disproportionately against its enemies .
This Israeli government policy will make the long - term security situation worse for the Israeli people  with the United States subsidizing and giving the green light to such irresponsible behavior .
Same stuff , different year .
Posted on November 29 , 2008 by Scott Leberknight
Check out my blog entries this week while I 'm attending the iPhone bootcamp at Big Nerd Ranch .
A previously unknown species of climbing catfish has been discovered in remote Venezuela , and its strange traits are shaking the evolutionary tree for these fish .
The newfound catfish , Lithogenes wahari , shares traits with two different families of fish — Loricariidae ( armored catfishes ) and Astroblepidae ( climbing catfishes ) .
It has bony armor that protects its head and tail , and a grasping pelvic fin that helps it to climb vertical surfaces such as rocks .
These characteristics in L. wahari suggest to ichthyologists Scott Schaefer of the American Museum of Natural History in New York and Francisco Provenzano of the Universidad Central de Venezuela that the common ancestor of the Loricariidae and Astroblepidae probably could grasp and climb rocks with its tail and mouth .
Fish in both families , as well as the new catfish , have sucker mouths .
The unusual catfish caught the team 's attention 20 years ago in Caracas .
An anthropologist , Stanford Zent of the Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cientificas , working in the remote state of Amazonas collected samples of local foods and brought them to the Instituto de Zoologíca for identification .
" The fish was so strange in morphology that it did not fit into any taxonomic category that we were aware of , " Schaefer said .
" But it looked like it was run over by a truck .
We needed better specimens . "
It took years to pin down where the fish was found , but the team collected L. wahari after several trips further into the headwaters of the Río Cuao , a tributary of the Río Orinoco .
They literally picked 84 specimens off of rocks , where the water level was low at the time .
The new samples of L. wahari confirmed that the species is a member of a group that bridges two catfish families .
Bony plates on its head and tail , plus other features , link the species to the Loricariidae , the widespread and successful family of fully armored catfishes .
But L. wahari also has a specialized pelvic fin that decouples from its body and moves backward and forward independently .
This feature — used in combination with a grasping mouth to move like an inchworm up rocks — is otherwise found only in a family of climbing catfish restricted to the Andes , the Astroblepidae .
Climbing could be an advantage to these fishes because of the irregular and sometimes high - flow of streams in these elevations .
Schaefer and Provenzano think that L. wahari is the third known species in the subfamily Lithogeninae , and that the specialized features shared among the three species confirms their placement within the family Loricariidae at the base of this large radiation of catfishes .
This evolutionary arrangement suggests that the common ancestor to both families probably inhabited upland , rather than lowland , streams of the Amazon and Orinoco river basins , where most of the family diversity is currently found .
" We see new fish species all the time , but when you also get new information about the biological history of a group , it 's the most fun , " Schaefer said .
" The question is whether the grasping pelvis and climbing behavior evolved once or if it was independently acquired in these groups .
I do n't think it evolved twice , although there are slight anatomical differences — so the jury is still out . "
The paper is published in the latest issue of the journal American Museum Novitates , and the research was supported by the Constantine S. Niarchos Scientific Expedition Fund and the National Science Foundation .
Has Blu-ray ’s time to shine finally come ?
Players have come down to $ 200 and below prices and Black Friday saw players sell out at multiple outlets and restocks continue to sell with Christmas on the horizon .
Many are predicting it ’s now or never for Blu-ray , bad economy or not .
According to Sony Pictures Home Entertainment David Bishop , Blu-ray has hit its hardware player “ sweet spot ” and will see continued growth into 2009 .
In fact , he expects the current growth rate of 150 % to continue throughout next year .
The signs of Blu-ray ’s growth are everywhere nowadays .
Hancock sold an estimated 300,000 Blu-ray Disc copies through its first six days , about 2/3s of what arguably more popular Iron Man on Blu-ray managed .
This helped account for a nearly 50 % increase in Blu-ray sales over Thanksgiving and Black Friday weekend .
Lets not forget
The Dark Knight , ready to steamroll over all previous Blu-ray records when it officially goes on sale tonight at midnight at Best Buy and other participating retailers .
We predict many PS3 owners will make their first ever Blu-ray purchase with The Dark Knight .
Bishop predicts January will be a crucial time for Blu-ray due to the instant influx of new Blu-ray players and PS3s with Blu-ray that will be unwrapped Christmas morning .
He predicted to Home Media Retailing , “ We anticipate January from a Blu- ray perspective on software to be very strong . ”
It is hard to argue with that looking at the January slate .
In addition to Eagle Eye arriving just after Christmas , January ’s Blu-ray slate includes Bangkok Dangerous , Pineapple Express , Appaloosa , Mirrors , King Kong , Saw V , The Bourne Trilogy and many others ( see the full list here ) .
With February and March 2009 already looking far fuller than the same months in 2008 in terms of software , maybe that 150 % growth prediction will come in low .
Making decisions that benefit everyone in the SOTA and TypeCon community is of the utmost importance to us .
Black Lives Matter challenges us to do more for our Black and marginalized members .
We ’re examining how our organization can not only stand by our commitment to inclusivity but also use our platform to confront the lack …
Read more
22 Most Used Free Fonts By Professional Designers
As we already know that the fonts are one of the most important parts of every web Project and choosing them is quit a difficult job for a web designer if his understanding of Typography is low .
Our Last post 21 Most Used Fonts By Professional Designers helps you to get familiar with most used fonts which is not freely available .
After getting several requests about professional fonts which is most famous and freely available for download in our last post in same series we again look around and end up with a list of 22 Most Used Free Fonts By Professional Designers on the basis of their usability and popularity .
This list is a combined effort of professional web designers and art directors to speeding up your project development time so you can save money and focus on making great applications .
All the screenshots again made in usual way so there is no confusion in checking the actual preview and corresponding font types .
The basic purpose behind this post is to show popular and professional free font types to save your time searching online .
This time direct download link available for all the font .
You can also find some related free references at the end of the post .
Just make sure to read the license agreements carefully as they can change from time to time .
1. Delicious
2. Gentium
3. Tallys
4. Lido STF
5. Mg Open
5 ( a ) . MgOpenCanonica
5 ( b ) . MgOpenCosmetica
5 ( c ) . MgOpenModata
5 ( d ) . MgOpenModerna
6. Cardo
7. Day Roman
8. Yanone Kaffeesatz
9. Union
10 . Fontin Family
10 ( a ) .
Fontin
10 ( b ) . Fontin Sans
11 . Fertigo Pro
12 . Droid Font Family
13 . M+ Outline Family
13 ( a ) . M+ Outline 1C
13 ( b ) . M+ Outline 1M
13 ( c ) . M+ Outline 1P
13 ( d ) . M+ Outline 2P
14 . Luxi Family
14 ( a ) . Luxi Mono
or download using OpenOffice.org ’s FontOOo wizard .
14 ( b ) . Luxi Sans
or download using OpenOffice.org ’s FontOOo wizard .
14 ( c ) . Luxi Serif
or download using OpenOffice.org ’s FontOOo wizard .
15 . Ambrosia
16 . Lacuna
17 . Liberation Family
17 ( a ) . Liberation Sans
17 ( b ) . Liberation Serif
18 . Advent Pro
19 . ATF Antique
20 . Mank Sans
21 . Diavlo
22 . Cicle
Other References For Free Fonts
An Observer investigation has established that the lone surviving gunman caught by Indian police during last week 's terrorist attacks on Mumbai came from a village in the Okara district of the Pakistani Punjab .
Ajmal Amir Kasab , interrogated in custody after last month 's attacks , which killed 163 people , reportedly told Indian security officials that he came from a place called Faridkot in the Punjab province .
His father was named as Mohammed Amir , married to a woman named Noor .
During the past week , Pakistani sources have cast doubt on the authenticity of the leaked information , which has had a predictably explosive impact on relations between the two countries .
The Observer has obtained electoral lists for Faridkot showing 478 registered voters , including a Mohammed Amir , married to Noor Elahi .
Amir 's and Noor 's national identity card numbers have also been obtained .
At the address identified in the list , a man identifying himself as Sultan said he was the father - in - law of Mohammed Amir .
A villager , who cannot be named for his own protection , said the village was an active recruiting ground for the banned militant group Lashkar - e - Taiba .
' We know that boy [ caught in Mumbai ] is from Faridkot , ' he said .
' We knew from the first night [ of the attack ] .
They brainwash our youth about jihad , there are people who do it in this village .
It is so wrong , ' he added .
According to the villager and other locals , Ajmal has not lived in Faridkot for about four years but would return to see his family once a year and frequently talked of freeing Kashmir from Indian rule .
The truth about Ajmal 's origins are key to the ongoing investigation of where the attackers came from and will have a profound impact on relations between India and Pakistan .
Islamabad has repeatedly said that no proof has been provided to back Indian accusations that all the gunmen came from Pakistan .
The terrorist outrage has pushed the two nuclear - armed countries to the brink of confrontation but , until now , there had been no solid evidence that any of the militants were from Pakistan .
On Friday , police arrested two Indian men accused of illegally buying mobile phone cards used by the gunmen in the Mumbai attacks , in the first known arrests since the bloody siege ended .
Security officials demanded the release of one of them , Mukhtar Ahmed , yesterday , claiming he was a counter - insurgency police officer who may have been on an undercover mission .
Police said another Indian citizen , Faheem Ansari , who was arrested in February in northern India carrying sketches of hotels , the train terminus and other sites that were later attacked , was being brought to Mumbai for renewed questioning .
Rakesh Maria , a senior Mumbai police officer , said he believed there was a connection between Ansari and the Mumbai attacks .
' Ansari was trained by Lashkar and sent to do reconnaissance , ' Maria said .
One of the arrested men , Tauseef Rahman , allegedly bought Sim cards by providing fake documents , including identification cards of dead people , senior police official Rajeev Kumar said yesterday in the eastern city of Calcutta .
Rahman , of West Bengal state , later sold them to Ahmed , Kumar said .
Both men were arrested on Friday and charged with fraud and conspiracy .
Police said they were still investigating how the 10 gunmen obtained the Sim cards .
Most large Indian cities , including Calcutta , where the Sim cards were purchased , have thriving black markets for Sim cards and cheap phones .
Ahmed was from the Indian portion of Kashmir , the disputed Himalayan region at the root of much of the tension between India and Pakistan , Kumar said .
According to an unnamed police official in Srinagar , Kashmir 's biggest city , Ahmed was a local police officer .
For the man who proudly owns an Impenetrable Iron Drive comes this , the Atom - powered Stinger 553 from CodaOctopus Colmek .
Hailed as a rugged tactical small form factor PC , the box you see pictured above measures just 5 - x 5 - x 3 - inches and is built to MIL - STD - 810 F and MIL - STD - 461E environmental standards and MIL - STD0704E power supply voltage standards .
For the layperson , that means it can withstand an almost ungodly amount of vibration , dust , humidity and sandblasting .
Packed within the aluminum alloy chassis is an unnamed Atom CPU , 2GB of RAM , a 128 GB SSD , eight USB 2.0 ports and plenty of other goodies that 'll handle mission critical applications .
It seems as if you 'll have to phone up the company in order to get a price , but considering that you could almost take this to war , we would n't bank on it being cheap .
Tens of thousands of Indonesian villagers battling for compensation after a mud volcano swamped their homes have received a boost after a panel of international scientists concluded that exploratory drilling for gas had caused the eruption .
Leading geologists assessing the flow of toxic mud that has continued for more than two years overwhelmingly concluded that the drilling of a gas well by the energy company Lapindo Brantas was responsible .
Scientists for the company , which is indirectly owned by the family of Indonesia 's social welfare minister , Aburizal Bakrie , argued the data showed that an earthquake two days earlier in Yogyakarta , 280 kms ( 174 miles ) away , was the cause .
But at a conference of 74 independent petroleum geologists in Cape Town , South Africa , only three backed the company while 42 of the scientists agreed the fresh evidence revealed the drilling was the cause .
The company has already been ordered by the government to pay £ 255 m in interim compensation , but a police investigation is continuing to establish the source of the eruption that spews the equivalent of 53 Olympic swimming pools of mud daily .
In all , 36,000 people near the site in Sidoarjo , eastern Java , were displaced by the mudflow that also has inundated 12 factories and two villages , and threatens another ten .
All efforts to stem the flow that began in May 2006 have failed , including one attempt that involved dropping huge concrete spheres into the volcano 's mouth .
Dykes of earth 15 m high were built to contain the bubbling sludge that now covers 640 hectares - equivalent to around 600 football pitches .
Scientists fear the eruption could continue for decades .
At the American Association of Petroleum Geologists meeting last week , experts for both sides of the battle to establish liability put their cases for the first time .
New figures revealing pressure levels in the exploration well for the 24 hours leading up to the eruption of the volcano - known locally as Lusi - were released for the first time .
Professor Richard Davies of Durham University , one of the world 's foremost experts on mud volcanoes , argued the readings pointed to a pressure build - up that caused fractures sparked by the nearby borehole .
Claims by experts from the Indonesian drilling company that the 6.3 magnitude earthquake earlier had led to the fracture were dismissed .
Other scientists said it was not sufficiently strong and too distant to cause the eruption .
Prof Davies said : " I remain convinced that drilling was the cause of the mud volcano .
The opinion of the international scientists ... adds further weight to my conviction and the conclusions of many other leading scientists who have studied Lusi . "
Chilean lawyer Guillermo
Frêne is having a bit of a bad hair day after it was revealed that draft legislation aimed at cutting the internet connections of illegal downloading ne'er - do - wells was presented in .doc format written on pirated software .
The full outrage was exposed here , which shows that the firm of attorneys responsible for the document goes by the rather unusual name of " The houze " :
According to the exposé , " many modified ( and illegal ) copies of Microsoft Office are identified as belonging to ' The houze ! ' " , and that the program forms part of a " Windows Unattended Edition " .
Frêne , meanwhile , has responded ( in Spanish , natch ) that he was " never involved in drafting the said legislation " .
He admits he does n't know how his name came to be on the document , but explains he worked as a parliamenary adviser between 2007 - 8 and suspects it was based on some file from the personal computer he used at that time . ®
STRATFORD -UPON -AVON , England , Jan. 4 ( UPI ) --
The church in Stratford - upon - Avon where England 's most famous writer is buried could be forced to close without major repairs , its vicar says .
The Rev. Martin Gorick told the Birmingham Post that Holy Trinity Church needs 2.5 million pounds ( almost $ 4 million ) worth of work .
Advertisement
" If we do n't attend to the windows , we are probably only five years off from having to close the church , from a safety point of view , " he said .
" We are determined that wo n't be the case . "
About 250,000 people a year from come from around the world to Holy Trinity to see the slab over William Shakespeare 's grave , with its curse on anyone who moves his bones , and the monument with its bust of the writer .
Holy Trinity gets more visitors than any other parish church in the country .
The oldest parts of the church date from 1210 .
Shakespeare was baptized in the church , served as a lay rector , and had his funeral and burial there .
Gorick said the church receives no aid from the government .
It depends on donations from visitors and its own fundraising to pay for maintenance and repair .
A Brentwood physician who allegedly injured two cyclists last summer by slamming on his car brakes in front of them on Mandeville Canyon Road pleaded not guilty today .
Prosecutor Mary Stone alleges that Christopher Thomas Thompson hit his brakes after a confrontation with cyclists who were riding down the narrow road .
The resulting impact flung one cyclist through the car ’s rear window and the other to the pavement .
Thompson , 59 , allegedly told police during the July 4 incident that he stopped his red Infinity sedan in front of the cyclists to “ teach them a lesson . ”
The physician complained that cyclists frequently traveled the residential street in Brentwood and that he was “ tired of them , ” Los Angeles police Officer Robert Rodriguez testified during a preliminary hearing last month .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Commons motion criticising the BBC and Sky for refusing to broadcast a plea for humanitarian aid funding for Gaza has been backed by 112 MPs .
The Disasters Emergency Committee 's Gaza Crisis Appeal was screened on Monday by ITV , Channel 4 and Five .
The BBC 's explanation that airing the film would threaten its impartiality was described by Labour MP Richard Burden 's motion as " unconvincing " .
Meanwhile , protests over the issue have taken place at BBC Broadcasting House .
Around 20 campaigners from the Stop the War Coalition walked into the lobby of the central London building with a large banner proclaiming Hands off Gaza .
They were removed by police before continuing a noisy protest outside , during which some of them set fire to their television licences .
Viewers and listeners can see the difference between a humanitarian appeal and politics
Richard Burden MP
Mark Thompson on Gaza appeal
The humanitarian battle BBC Gaza appeal row reaction Papers on appeal row Sky statement in full Mr Burden tabled the Early Day Motion - used by MPs to demonstrate parliamentary support for particular causes - after Sky announced it was joining the BBC in refusing to show the appeal .
John Ryley , head of Sky News , said that broadcasting the film would be " incompatible " with its objective role .
" Our commitment as journalists is to cover all sides of that story with uncompromising objectivity , " he added .
This echoed BBC director general Mark Thompson 's concern that the corporation should not give the impression it was " backing one side " over the other .
But Mr Burden said such arguments had been shown to be " more unconvincing and contradictory as time has gone on " , claiming the BBC had broadcast appeals from other war zones .
" The fact that well over 100 MPs from different parties have signed this Commons motion shows the breadth of concern about the position which the BBC and Sky are taking , " he said .
" Viewers and listeners can see the difference between a humanitarian appeal and politics - even if the BBC and Sky management cannot . "
PREVIOUS DEC REFUSALS
East Africa 2006 : Famine appeal rejected by BBC because of difficulties of access Lebanon 2006 : BBC refused to air appeal for Israel - Hezbollah conflict victims on grounds of impartiality Burma 2008 : Appeal was only broadcast once BBC was satisfied aid would reach victims
Send your comments
Mr Burden 's motion will be published on Tuesday morning , adding to the intense pressure the BBC faces over its decision not to air the appeal .
The corporation has come under fire from archbishops , government ministers , charity leaders and 11,000 viewers .
The Disasters Emergency Committee , which represents more than a dozen aid agencies , is appealing for money to buy food , medicine and blankets following the Israeli assault on Gaza .
A string of politicians , including International Secretary Douglas Alexander , Communities Secretary Hazel Blears and opposition spokesmen , have urged the corporation to reconsider its position .
Their comments drew criticism from BBC Trust chairman Sir Michael Lyons who said some were " coming close to constituting undue interference in the editorial independence of the BBC " .
Disasters Emergency Committee Gaza humanitarian appeal : Launched by UK charities on 22 January to raise money for Gaza aid relief and reconstruction Participants : Action Aid , British Red Cross , Cafod , Care International , Christian Aid , Concern Worldwide , Help the Aged , Islamic Relief , Merlin , Oxfam , Save the Children , Tearfund , World Vision Information on 0370 60 60 900 or at DEC website
His view was backed by John Whittingdale MP , chairman of the Commons culture select committee , while Foreign Secretary David Miliband also said the decision had to rest with broadcasters .
Shadow culture minister Ed Vaizey said the BBC was right to be cautious , adding : " The BBC very rarely , if ever , broadcasts an appeal from a war zone . "
The Church of England had waded into the row , with the Archbishop of York appealing for the BBC to consider humanity , not impartiality , and show the film .
The UN Relief and Works Agency , the largest humanitarian organisation working in Gaza , said there was a " huge and overwhelming need " for aid .
It described the situation as a " political crisis with grave humanitarian consequences " and estimated the cost of " rehabilitation and repair " at $ 345 m ( £ 257 m ) , with two - thirds currently unfunded .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why US Health Care Is the Best in the World
By : Bernard Chazelle
In a recent survey of 1,026 U.S. adults ,
55 percent said they thought the United States has the best quality [ medical ] care of any country .
Easy to see why :
The U.S. has the worst mortality rate from treatable conditions of 18 other industrialized countries .
In other words , get sick here and you ’re more likely to die than you are in Canada , France , Britain and 15 other countries .
Our mortality rate after age 75 is 50 percent higher than in France , Japan , Spain , Italy , Canada and Australia .
The U.S. is 20th of 21 developed nations for child well - being , reflecting high infant mortality rates , a high percentage of low - birth - weight infants , and a low rate of immunizations .
The U.S. is 28th in healthy life expectancy at 69 years .
In Japan it ’s 75 . 47 million Americans have no health insurance .
Only 55 percent of U.S. patients get treatments that scientific studies show to work .
Estimated 44,000 to 98,000 annual deaths from medical mistakes in hospitals and to " amenable mortality " — deaths preventable by medical care .
Those total about 101,000 a year , [ which ] puts America dead last of the study 's 19 industrialized countries .
The United States is well behind other developed countries on measures from cancer survival to diabetes care that cannot entirely be blamed on the rich - poor or insured - uninsured gulf .
Such prowess does not come cheap : US medical expenses per capita are the highest in the world , about twice the average in the industrialized world .
Normal people might want to follow the money trail to see where it leads .
Not Newsweek !
In vintage MSM fashion , we 're told things are so bad because that 's what we , the people , want :
we “ prize individual choice and resist limiting care [..]
We choose to hold these values .
Consequently , we choose to have a more expensive system than Europe or Canada ” — and one that does not keep us healthier or alive longer .
Good thinking .
It 's my very own choice that all medical bills should exceed $ 350 , especially when I see a doctor for a total of 2 minutes and 45 seconds .
Dunno about you , but me I choose to get 12 insurance forms sent to my house , all written in Swahili in a font size that only my home electron microscope can decipher .
I demand that no reimbursement should ever exceed $ 2.35 .
I choose that all complaints be referred to an automated phone tree that automatically hangs up on me at Step 15 .
I demand a $ 500 EKG every time I get a splinter in my big toe .
Hey , if my toe is bad , just think how bad my heart must be !
And when I run a high fever , I insist on being told the magic words , " No doctor available for 2 weeks ; go to the ER ! "
There I get to meet all sorts of interesting people and give them a chance to inhale the flu viruses I am busy coughing out .
And since Big Pharma has been incapable of discovering any new molecule in the last two decades , I insist on paying hundreds of dollars for an ancient rebranded medication whose generic version is readily available from Indian labs for 25 cents .
I cherish my belief that the essence of medicine is paper - pushing , and I am so relieved to know that more than half of US medical expenses have nothing to do with caring for people 's health .
As Newsweek puts it ,
[ T ]he problem with our health - care system is that we persist in thinking like Americans .
and in reading Newsweek .
— Bernard Chazelle
Posted at December 12 , 2008 03:30 PM
just when u thot it was safe to go to bed ...
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Caught Sleeping In Your Office Cubicle
Best excuses if you get caught sleeping in your office cubicle : " It 's okay : I 'm still billing the client . "
" They told me at the blood bank this might happen . "
" This is just a 15 - minute power nap like they raved about in that time - management course you sent me to . "
" I was working smarter , not harder . "
" Whew !
I must a left the top off the liquid paper . "
" I was n't sleeping !
I was meditating on the mission statement and envisioning a new paradigm ! "
" This is one of the seven habits of highly effective people ! "
" I was testing my keyboard for drool resistance . "
" I'm in the management training program . "
" I 'm actually doing a " Stress Level Elimination Exercise Plan " ( SLEEP ) I learned at the last management seminar you made me attend . "
" This is in exchange for the six hours last night when I dreamed about work ! "
" I was doing a highly specific Yoga exercise to relieve work - related stress .
Do you discriminate against people who practice Yoga ? "
" Darnn !
Why did you interrupt me ?
I had almost figured out a solution to our biggest problem . "
" The coffee machine is broken . "
" Someone must 've put decaf in the wrong pot . "
" Boy , that cold medicine I took last night just wo n't wear off ! "
" It worked well for Reagan , did n't it ? "
" I was cross-training for telecommuting . "
" Ah , the unique and unpredictable circadian rhythms of the workaholic ! "
" Was n't sleeping .
Was trying to pick up a contact lens without hands . "
" The mailman flipped out and pulled a gun , so I was playing dead to avoid getting shot . "
" Geez , I thought you were gone for the day . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement UFO enthusiasts are claiming damage to a Lincolnshire wind farm turbine was caused by a mystery aircraft .
The turbine at Conisholme lost one 66ft ( 20 m ) blade and another was badly damaged in the early hours of Sunday .
County councillor for the area Robert Palmer said he had seen a " round , white light that seemed to be hovering " .
Ecotricity , which owns the site , said while investigations continued they were not ruling anything out - but the extent of damage was " unique " .
The turbine is one of 20 at the Conisholme site , which has been only been fully operational since April 2008 .
The broken blade has been recovered and is being examined .
Local ufologists said they had received many reports of activity in the area and had teams searching for clues .
To make one of these blades fall off , or to bend it , takes a lot
Dale Vince , Ecotricity Mr Palmer said : " I actually saw a white light - a round , white light that seemed to be hovering .
" That is the only way I can explain it - it was n't a flare - like light - it was just round , white light with a slight red edge to it that seemed to be over the wind turbines . "
Dale Vince , founder of Ecotricity , said the company was keeping an open mind about the incident .
" We do n't have an explanation at the moment as to what the cause was , " he said .
" We have been crawling all over it and have sent bits off for analysis to see if we can work out what caused it .
" Until we have some idea , some plausible explanation that it was not a UFO , I do n't think we should rule it out " .
He added : " To make one of these blades fall off , or to bend it , takes a lot . "
Numerous reports Russ Kellett , from the Flying Saucer Bureau , said witnesses had told him of activity in the area .
" One saw what they at first thought was a low - flying aircraft on the Saturday evening and another heard a loud banging in the early hours of Sunday , " he said .
" This is the second most reports of activity we have ever had - I have had over 30 phone calls and emails .
" To hit two of the blades , any object must have been about 170 ft long . "
But some technical experts have suggested a more mundane explanation .
Dr Peter Schubel , from the University of Nottingham , is an expert in the design and manufacture of wind turbine blades .
' Military activity '
He said that if the turbine blade was still , it would take the equivalent of a 10 - tonne load to do that kind of damage , but if it was rotating , or hit by a moving object , the force could be a lot less .
He said of the possible cause : " It 's definitely not a bird .
It could be ice thrown from a neighbouring turbine that struck it .
" Most turbines have an anti-icing system on the blades and maybe it failed to prevent the ice build - up . "
The Ministry of Defence said it was not looking into the incident .
A spokesman said : " The MoD examines reports solely to establish whether UK airspace may have been compromised by hostile or unauthorised military activity .
" Unless there 's evidence of a potential threat , there 's no attempt to identify the nature of each sighting reported . "
Ecotricity said it hoped to have the turbine back in action within a week .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After that earlier piece on global e-waste , we thought you might want something to lighten the mood .
Fortunately , The Onion is ready with a sardonic , blood - shot eye turned to the respective OS releases on the way from Cupertino and Redmond .
Click on through for the full comparison while we pack up things from this lame , euro coffee shop .
[ Via Daring Fireball
THE contraceptive pill is polluting the environment and is in part responsible for male infertility , a report in the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano said on Saturday .
The pill " has for some years had devastating effects on the environment by releasing tonnes of hormones into nature " through female urine , said Pedro Jose Maria Simon Castellvi , president of the International Federation of Catholic Medical Associations , in the report .
" We have sufficient evidence to state that a non-negligible cause of male infertility in the West is the environmental pollution caused by the pill , " he said .
The article was promptly dismissed by several organisations .
" Once metabolised , the hormones contained in oral contraceptives no longer have any of the characteristic effects of feminine hormones , " said Gianbenedetto Melis , vice - president of a contraceptive research association .
When the Airbus A320 took off from New York City 's LaGuardia Airport yesterday , the air temperature outside was well below freezing — around 20 degrees Fahrenheit ( – 6.7 degrees Celsius ) .
The 150 passengers on board no doubt assumed they would spend the next hour and a half in the cushioned seats of a cozy , warm airplane cabin en route to Charlotte , N.C. Little did they know that just minutes after takeoff they would instead be bobbing on the frigid waters of the Hudson River off Manhattan 's west side .
Just minutes after Capt .
Chesley Sullenberger orchestrated a near - perfect emergency water landing ( after a collision with a flock of Canada geese reportedly knocked out both engines ) , water began seeping into the plane .
Two passengers treated for hypothermia at nearby Saint Luke's–Roosevelt Hospital emergency room said that the water was waist - high almost immediately , according to Gabe Wilson , associate medical director of the hospital 's emergency medicine department .
According to media reports , some of the passengers were submerged up their necks in water once they had evacuated the plane and awaited rescue .
" They were all shaking from both the [ cold ] temperature and stress , " says Wilson , who treated 11 of the plane 's passengers for hypothermia , a potentially fatal condition that occurs when the body cannot generate enough heat to compensate for the warmth it loses .
Many of the symptoms of hypothermia resemble those of a drunken stupor : sleepiness , clumsiness , confusion and even slurred speech .
Doctors also check for shivering , a weak pulse , low blood pressure , and a body temperature below 96 degrees F ( 35.5 degrees C ) .
( Normal body temperature is 98.6 degrees F , or 37 degrees C. )
Fortunately , none of the passengers that he treated had body temperatures below 95 degrees F ( 35 degrees C ) , Wilson says , adding that all they needed to warm up were Bair Huggers , special blankets hooked to a heater which send warming air currents over the body .
But what if the passengers had not been rescued so fast ?
What would have happened if they had spent hours wading or swimming through the Hudson , or in any cold water , awaiting rescue ?
We asked Christopher McStay , an emergency room doctor at New York City 's Bellevue Hospital Center about the potential consequences and treatments for hypothermia .
[ An edited transcript of the interview follows . ]
How long can a person survive in water that is 41 degrees F like the Hudson was when the plane went down ?
When you first go into extremely cold water there is this weird response called a cold shock response .
People start to hyperventilate immediately .
For one to three minutes you breathe very fast and deep , uncontrollably .
If you go underwater , you could swallow water and die .
… I can't tell you how often this occurs but it 's certainly a very real phenomenon .
Once that response goes away , you 're fine … for awhile .
Generally , a person can survive in 41 - degree F ( 5 - degree C ) water for 10 , 15 or 20 minutes before the muscles get weak , you lose coordination and strength , which happens because the blood moves away from the extremities and toward the center , or core , of the body .
There are many factors that determine how fast a person submerged in water cools .
People who are obese , who have a lot of soft tissue that provides a lot of insulation , are likely to last longer than lanky people , because the body fat provides insulation .
Another factor is how much of the body is actually underwater .
( Water conducts heat away from the body much faster than air does , even if the water temperature is 20 degrees higher than the air temperature .
So , the more the body is submerged , the faster its heat will be drained , according to Craig Heller , a Stanford University physiologist ) .
If you have a flotation device that you can pull yourself on top of , you are much better off .
How cold does the water have to be to put a person at risk for hypothermia ?
Even water temperatures as high as 75 and 80 degrees F ( 24 and 27 degrees C ) can be dangerous , but it would most likely take much longer than 15 minutes to become debilitated .
There is no set time for when hypothermia will set in , but generally the colder the water , the faster it happens .
So if you find yourself submerged in icy - cold water , what should you do ?
If you have a flotation device , you should get on top of that device and hug yourself to keep as much of your body away from the water as possible .
If you keep your arms and legs in tight , close to the core of the body , you keep your limbs from being exposed to the cooling water .
If you do not have a flotation device , get out of the water as fast as you possibly can .
What is the difference between frostbite and hypothermia ?
Frostbite is actually the freezing of tissue [ such as skin , muscle and nerve tissue ] .
Suppose you 're on top of Mount Everest and you 're bundled up ; your core temperature is 98.6 degrees F .
If you take off your gloves , you have exposed that area and it may get frostbite .
That 's not hypothermia .
Hypothermia is a drop in the core temperature of the body .
When are you in danger of getting frostbite and were these survivors at risk ?
For frostbite to occur , the tissue actually has to freeze — meaning a dip to 32 degrees F ( 0 degree C ) or lower .
The parts of the body submerged in water are not in danger of becoming frostbitten , because the water temperature ( 41 degrees F ) is not freezing .
However , the parts of the body exposed to air are at risk because the air temperature is 20 degrees F ( –7 degrees C ) , which is below freezing .
Can you die from frostbite ?
You can certainly die from frostbite , but that is exceptionally rare .
Usually when people die from frostbite , it 's from some complication down the road such as gangrene , the decay and death of tissue which occurs when it does not receive enough blood or becomes infected .
What do you do to treat hypothermia ?
If your body temperature is above 95 degrees F and you 're healthy , your body will warm itself up and you generally do n't need treatment .
If your body is 90 degrees to 95 degrees F ( 32 to 35 degrees C ) and you look okay , we 'll do things like put a warming blanket around you .
If your temperature drops much lower , we might give you an IV with warm fluids , insert a breathing tube to supply the lungs with warm air , and insert tubes through the mouth and urethra to put hot saline into the stomach and bladder , respectively .
Heating from the inside ( by introducing these fluids ) helps warm the body 's core tissues faster than heating the body from the outside ( by using blankets or putting a person in a warm environment , for instance ) .
If a patient comes into the emergency room with a body temperature between 70 and 80 degrees F ( 21 and 27 degrees C ) , they often appear dead — or are dead .
Cardiac arrest often occurs in this temperature range .
Even if it appears someone has passed away , it is still important to warm them ( using the techniques described above ) , because with this degree of hypothermia the heart can slow to a point at which doctors cannot even detect it .
Thus , they could make the mistake of presuming someone dead who is actually still alive .
For these unconscious patients , we also do cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) on them and often use a cardiopulmonary bypass ( heart–lung ) machine that will actually oxygenate the blood and provide a pulse for them .
651-483-1557
I 'm Ed Fink , and these are my 360 degree panoramas .
I was the first VR photographer in the world to do fullscreen 360 degree panoramas from a helicopter .
Today I 'm a FAA licensed drone pilot and shoot most of my aerials with a quadcopter .
I 'm also a Google Street View Trusted Photographer in Minneapolis shooting Street View tours inside local businesses .
I publish thousands of 360 degree panoramas and virtual tours to Google Maps , where I currently have over 60 MILLION VIEWS .
Take a look below at some of my Google tours , or go to my Google Street View page for more information and many samples .
Cathedral of St. Paul
Dakota Jazz Club
Earle Brown Heritage Center
Brew and Grow
Advertising Agencies
Web Designers
I want to partner with you to offer Google Street View virtual tours to your clients !
Google hosts the tour in Google Maps , but you 're needed to also embed the tour in your client 's web pages , blog , or Facebook .
Email or call 651-483-1557
Nodal Ninja " turning heads and expanding horizons "
