As economic activity is increasingly orchestrated by politicians and central - bankers , it is important to understand their prevailing economic philosophies .
Washington imbibes on an unhealthy concoction of two parts Keynes and one part Monetarism favoring consumption over production , borrowing over saving and ignoring scarcity .
Borrowing and consuming do not prosper us .
Wealth is created through production and increased through saving .
When we produce a surplus we can trade with other producers to gain that which we are unable to produce ourselves .
By saving some of our surplus in the form of capital , we can thus expand our ability to produce and thus our ability to generate additional wealth .
Our ability to hire additional labor , build new plants or acquire better tools is a function of our capital .
Consuming everything prevents the accumulation of wealth and the capital necessary to create it .
Consuming without producing depletes capital .
Even our ability to borrow is a function of our current production and our accumulated stores of capital .
Recessions involve the destruction of capital .
As the real estate bubble popped and the market crashed , our capital decreased .
We now produce less and thus should be consuming less .
Scarcity has been aggravated , but demand remains infinite .
The opportunities to produce remain .
The availability to consume has lowered , but all of Washington 's policies assume the problem is too little spending .
Low interest rates and accelerating inflation thwart savings and encourage further debt encumbrance .
When we try to save anyway , they borrow in taxpayers ' names .
The economic policies emanating from Washington stimulate consumption , subsidize borrowing , thwart production , and punish saving .
Consumption requires no stimulation .
We are an inherently selfish lot .
Our government - centric economy stimulates that which requires no stimulation and impedes that which does .
We take from our best producers through progressive taxation to enable non-producers to keep consuming .
This undercuts any incentive among the indolent to become productive .
Washington punishes those growing the pie and rewards those who only partake .
The Nanny - State mistakes human nature .
Humans are fallen and thus incentives matter .
Throwing money at people alters their behavior dramatically and usually for the worse .
Each of us acting in our own selfish interest reacts perversely when politicians distort reality by imposing negative motivations .
Their safety nets enable irresponsible behaviors and their social spending rewards unproductive behaviors .
Paying people so they can continue consuming without the need to produce thwarts production and wastes scarce resources .
These redistribution programs fail because they assume both producers and consumers will continue producing at the same levels post transfer .
History and human nature prove otherwise .
The productive lose their motivation to keep producing and the unproductive lose the necessity to start producing .
If we give funds to non-producers so they will spend thus stimulating those who do produce , why not leave these funds with producers via tax cuts ?
One way encourages idleness .
The other way rewards production .
Allowing the productive to keep the fruits of their labors fosters additional production .
Undercutting the growth of the industrious , the responsible and the enterprising via progressive income taxes to reward the stupid , lazy and irresponsible via bailouts or entitlements is economic suicide .
All of the above repels capital investment .
Washington shifts the blame to banks for extending the crisis by lending too little .
The fact our society is already far too levered seems forgotten .
There can be no credit without capital .
Capital is finite , but it is n't static .
If we want more debt , we need more capital .
We can inflate more dollars , but we cannot create capital except through innovations , profitable enterprise and saving .
Unlike consumption which happens automatically , each of these requires incentives .
I work for pay .
I save for a return , but consuming is pleasurable in its own right .
Washington 's misguided incentives scare foreign investment away and make domestic capital go into hiding .
Pending anti-business legislation like health reform , cap and trade , employee free choice act , increased regulatory oversight , and a pending massive tax increase repel foreign investment .
Neither do they incentivize Americans to risk their capital on business ventures that promise lower returns even as Washington threatens to confiscate more of the returns they do generate .
Investors with capital sit on the sidelines or spend on frivolity .
Meanwhile Washington devours record amounts of what capital remains to fund its waste , patronage and vote - buying schemes bundled under the pretense of stimuli .
Everything it spends it must either borrow , print new money or tax .
Borrowing and taxing both deprive said capital from the private actors politicians love to tell us they are helping .
Low interest rates incent banks to borrow for nothing from the Fed and then buy treasuries for a locked in return .
Washington 's debt crowds out the loans they claim to encourage .
Inflation is probably the most heinous economic retardant of all .
Every economic transaction is one 's goods for another's .
Money is simply the medium of exchange facilitating the necessary arrangements incident to commerce .
Washington 's primary constitutional role in the economy is ensuring honest weights and measures .
The dollar represents the fundamental measurement of virtually all our economic transactions .
It is incomprehensible that they deliberately debase our currency to cheapen their debts and silently confiscate our wealth .
Even worse , they pervert the scale .
In a market driven economy , we trade because we expect to benefit .
We exchange our money for an item we value more .
The store wants the money more than the merchandise .
What Adam Smith termed " mutual consent and to mutual advantage . "
We invest for the same expectation of benefit according to our time preference .
But this only works if the scales are honest offering both parties confidence to transact .
Destroying the value of the dollar upends the scale making us hesitant to trade or invest .
Instead , inflation hedges like gold devour much of the capital that could otherwise be invested into companies that create jobs and generate the products that enrich our lives .
The dollar plummeting against other currencies and international commodities bodes ill for our economic future .
Why would holders of Euros , Pounds , Yen or anything else want to buy dollars to invest in America ?
They are n't as evidenced by the dollar 's decline .
To paraphrase Bill Clinton , " It 's about capital , stupid ! "
WASHINGTON — Remember the Pentagon Office of Special Plans that helped collect dubious intelligence that led to the war in Iraq ?
Or the program where the Pentagon secretly briefed military analysts to promote the Iraq war ?
Meet the would - be Office of Strategic Deception .
In a little - noticed report earlier this month , the Defense Department ’s powerful Defense Science Board recommended creation of an entity designed solely for “ strategic deception ” against US adversaries .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Specifically , ” the report reads ( pdf ) , “ we recommend that the Secretary [ of Defense ] task both the Under Secretaries of Defense for Policy and Intelligence , and the Joint Staff , working with the Office of the Director of National Intelligence , to create a tiger team to lay out courses of action and a way ahead for establishing a standing strategic surprise / deception entity .
Once the initial work has been completed , all parts of the interagency should be brought into this effort . ”
“ Strategic deception has in the past provided the United States with significant advantages that translated into operational and tactical success , ” it continues .
“ Successful deception also minimizes U.S. vulnerabilities , while simultaneously setting conditions to surprise adversaries . ”
Deception is a common war - time tactic nations use to gain a leg up on their enemies , but as Wired notes , the Pentagon apparently believes the United States must begin engaging in strategic tricks even before it wages war against another country .
“ Deception cannot succeed in wartime without developing theory and doctrine in peacetime , ” the DSB report reads .
“ In order to mitigate or impart surprise , the United States should [ initiate ] deception planning and action prior to the need for military operations . ”
And such attempts at strategic trickery must occur at virtually every stage in the United States ’ dealings with other nations , the Pentagon ’s science board says .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Denial and deception efforts will be included from the onset , factors into both intelligence and response research and development activities at every stage , including war gaming . ”
The DSB report was first flagged by InsideDefense.com .
In 2003 , New Yorker reporter Seymour Hersh highlighted the Office of Special Plans , a closely guarded cabal that did an end - run around the Pentagon to collect purported intelligence suggesting that Saddam Hussein had ties to al Qaeda and weapons of mass destruction .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They call themselves , self - mockingly , the Cabal — a small cluster of policy advisers and analysts now based in the Pentagon ’s Office of Special Plans , ” Hersh wrote .
“ In the past year , according to former and present Bush Administration officials , their operation , which was conceived by Paul Wolfowitz , the Deputy Secretary of Defense , has brought about a crucial change of direction in the American intelligence community .
These advisers and analysts , who began their work in the days after September 11 , 2001 , have produced a skein of intelligence reviews that have helped to shape public opinion and American policy toward Iraq .
They relied on data gathered by other intelligence agencies and also on information provided by the Iraqi National Congress , or I.N.C. , the exile group headed by Ahmad Chalabi .
“ According to the Pentagon adviser , Special Plans was created in order to find evidence of what Wolfowitz and his boss , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , believed to be true — that Saddam Hussein had close ties to Al Qaeda , and that Iraq had an enormous arsenal of chemical , biological , and possibly even nuclear weapons that threatened the region and , potentially , the United States , ” Hersh added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Late last year , Raw Story ’s Brad Jacobson revealed evidence that directly tied the activities undertaken in the military analyst program under President George W. Bush — where analysts were briefed to promote the Iraq war — to an official US military document ’s definition of psychological operations .
Such propaganda that is only supposed to be directed toward foreign audiences .
Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman , who remains a spokesman for the Pentagon today , told Raw Story the program was intended only to “ inform . ”
Whitman said he stood by an earlier statement in which he averred “ the intent and purpose of the [ program ] is nothing other than an earnest attempt to inform the American public . ”
During a Harvard information session , the admissions officer compared the intramural sports competitions there to the Hogwarts House Cup .
The tour guide told me that I would n’t be able to see the university ’s huge freshman dining hall as it was closed for the day , but to just imagine Hogwarts ’s Great Hall in its place .
Image Credit ...
Mark Todd
At Dartmouth , a tour guide ushered my group past a large , wood - paneled room filled with comfortable chairs and mentioned the Hogwarts feel it was known for .
At another liberal arts college , I heard that students had voted to name four buildings on campus after the four houses in Hogwarts : Gryffindor , Ravenclaw , Hufflepuff and Slytherin .
Several colleges let it be known that Emma Watson , the actress who plays Hermione Granger in the movies , had looked into them .
I read , in Cornell ’s fall 2009 quarterly magazine , that a college admissions counseling Web site had counted Cornell among the five American colleges that have the most in common with Hogwarts .
Both institutions , you see , are conveniently located outside cities .
The article ended : “ Bring your wand and broomstick , just in case . ”
I ’m not the only one who has noticed this phenomenon .
One friend told me about Boston College ’s Hogwartsesque library , another of Colby ’s “ Harry Potter ” - themed dinner party .
And like me , my friends have no problem with college students across the country running around with broomsticks between their legs , trying to seize tennis balls stuffed into socks ( each one dubbed a snitch ) that dangle off the backs of track athletes dressed in yellow .
Hey , college is all about experimentation , is n’t it ?
In fact , most of us have grown up adoring Harry Potter and , through J. K.
Rowling ’s books , we ’ve escaped many times into the world she created .
But what I enjoy in fiction I do n’t necessarily want to find in college .
And , despite any wishes to the contrary , the real - life skills I hope to gain from college do not include magic .
What really matters to me as I prepare to make my decision ?
Well , I loved hearing about Williams College ’s two - student classes called tutorials , and how Swarthmore lets students weigh in on almost every big decision made by its administration .
I was really impressed by Middlebury ’s student - driven campaign to save energy on campus .
( For the sake of full disclosure , I just might be applying to some of these schools . )
I care about diversity and need - blind financial aid  and , of course , the social life .
But I do n’t care about what percentage of the student body runs around on broomsticks .
Description just random things i look up on the interent , thrown into this blog
Blog Archive
Rejection can dramatically reduce a person ’s IQ and their ability to reason analytically , while increasing their aggression , according to new research .
“ It ’s been known for a long time that rejected kids tend to be more violent and aggressive , ” says Roy Baumeister of the Case Western Reserve University in Ohio , who led the work .
“ But we ’ve found that randomly assigning students to rejection experiences can lower their IQ scores and make them aggressive . ”
Baumeister ’s team used two separate procedures to investigate the effects of rejection .
In the first , a group of strangers met , got to know each other , and then separated .
Each individual was asked to list which two other people they would like to work with on a task .
They were then told they had been chosen by none or all of the others .
In the second , people taking a personality test were given false feedback , telling them they would end up alone in life or surrounded by friends and family .
Advertisement
Aggression scores increased in the rejected groups .
But the IQ scores also immediately dropped by about 25 per cent , and their analytical reasoning scores dropped by 30 per cent .
“ These are very big effects – the biggest I ’ve got in 25 years of research , ” says Baumeister .
“ This tells us a lot about human nature .
People really seem designed to get along with others , and when you ’re excluded , this has significant effects . ”
Baumeister thinks rejection interferes with a person ’s self - control .
“ To live in society , people have to have an inner mechanism that regulates their behaviour .
Rejection defeats the purpose of this , and people become impulsive and self - destructive .
You have to use self - control to analyse a problem in an IQ test , for example – and instead , you behave impulsively . ”
Baumeister presented his results at the annual conference of the British Psychological Society in Blackpool , Lancashire , UK .
( Releads , adds comments )
NEW YORK , Nov 19 ( Reuters ) - A record one in seven U.S. mortgages were in foreclosure or at least one payment past due in the third quarter , according to fresh data signaling the recovery in the housing market will be tepid at best .
U.S. mortgage delinquency rates and the percentage of loans that entered the foreclosure process also jumped to records from July to September , the Mortgage Bankers Association said on Thursday .
Rising job losses were behind the increasingly bleak portrait of the housing market in a trend that will continue into next year , the group said in data that adds to recent evidence of a still - struggling housing market .
Housing and related business account for about 20 percent of the economy and recovery is essential to bring unemployment down from a 26 - 1/ 2 - year high and kick - start economic growth .
Yet record foreclosures will add to the growing supply of unsold homes , sapping the housing market as it attempts to recover from the worst slump since the Great Depression .
The MBA said the percentage of loans in foreclosure rose to 1.42 percent , from 1.36 percent in the second quarter and 1.07 percent in the third quarter of 2008 .
“ Foreclosures remain the biggest hurdle to the housing recovery , ” said Michelle Meyer , economist at Barclays Capital in New York .
“ Foreclosures will be worse in the first part of 2010 and we do not see a peak in foreclosures until the middle of next year . ”
More conservative , prime fixed - rate loans often sold to homebuyers with the highest credit ratings continued to represent the largest share of foreclosures started and were the biggest driver of the increase in foreclosures , said MBA chief economist Jay Brinkmann .
The delinquency rate for mortgage loans on one - to - four - unit residential properties rose to a seasonally adjusted rate of 9.64 percent of loans outstanding , up from 9.24 percent in the second quarter and 6.99 percent a year earlier , the MBA said .
The delinquency rate broke the record set last quarter , based on MBA data going back to 1972 .
The rate includes loans that are at least one payment past due but does not include loans somewhere in the process of foreclosure .
The latest splash of cold water follows a stunning 10.6 percent plunge in housing starts for October , reported on Wednesday .
For details see [ ID :nN1899353 ] .
The combination of loans in foreclosure and at least one payment past due was 14.41 percent on a non-seasonally adjusted basis , the highest ever seen in the survey .
In fact , 33 percent of foreclosures started in the third quarter were on prime fixed - rate loans and those loans were 44 percent of the quarterly increase in foreclosures , Brinkmann said .
“ The foreclosure numbers for prime fixed - rate loans will get worse because those loans represented 54 percent of the quarterly increase in loans 90 days or more past due but not yet in foreclosure , ” he said .
The percentage of loans in the foreclosure process at the end of the third quarter was 4.47 percent , up from 4.30 percent in the second quarter and 2.97 percent a year earlier .
Florida , California , Arizona and Nevada have a disproportionate share of these problems , Brinkmann said .
They had 43 percent of all foreclosures started in the third quarter , down from 44 percent both last quarter and the third quarter last year .
They had 37 percent of the nation ’s prime fixed - rate loan foreclosure starts and 67 percent of the prime adjustable - rate mortgage , or ARM , foreclosure starts .
At the end of September , 25 percent of mortgages in Florida were at least one payment past due or in foreclosure , he said .
OUTLOOK BLEAK
The outlook is for delinquency and foreclosure rates to continue to worsen before they improve , Brinkmann said .
“ First , it is unlikely the employment picture will get better until sometime next year and even then jobs will increase at a very slow pace , ” he said .
“ Second , the number of loans 90 days or more past due or in foreclosure is now a little over 4 million as compared with 3.9 million new and previously occupied homes currently for sale , although there is likely some overlap between the two numbers , ” he said .
Therefore , the ultimate resolution of these seriously delinquent loans will put added pressure on the hardest hit sections of the country , Brinkmann said .
( Editing by James Dalgleish )
Alex Clemesha has extensive experience with full - stack web & mobile software development , in topics such as mathematics software , science based platforms , location - based mobile applications , and interactive educational web games and native mobile apps .
He studied Computational Physics and Mathematics at UC San Diego .
When not spending quality time with a computer , he loves hanging out with his wife Rachel , and being near or in the ocean .
The ACTA juggernaut continues to roll ahead , despite public indignation about an agreement supposedly about counterfeiting that has turned into a regime for global Internet regulation .
The Office of the United States Trade Representative ( USTR ) has already announced that the next round of Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) negotiations will take place in January — with the aim of concluding the deal " as soon as possible in 2010 . "
For the rest of us , with access to only leaks and whispers of what ACTA is about , there are many troubling questions .
How can such a radical proposal legally be kept so secret from the millions of Net users and companies whose rights and freedoms stand to be affected ?
Who decides what becomes the law of the land and by what influence ?
Where is the public oversight for an agreement that would set the legal rules for the knowledge economy ?
And what can be done to fix this runaway process ?
We wrestle with these questions in an essay on “ The Impact of ACTA on the Knowledge Economy ” ( PDF here ) in the Yale Journal of International Law Online .
We explain how ACTA got this far , in this form , and propose four mechanisms for USTR transparency reforms , that will give the public a voice in ACTA , if U.S. citizens — and their elected officials — speak loudly and quickly enough .
In brief , the ACTA process has been deliberately more secretive than customary practices in international decision - making bodies to evade the debates about intellectual property ( IP ) at established multilateral institutions .
The Office of the USTR has chosen to negotiate ACTA as a sole executive agreement .
Because of a loophole in democratic accountability on sole executive agreements , the Office of the USTR can sign off on an IP Enforcement agenda without any formal congressional involvement at all .
But the negotiations do not have to be secret , and the sole executive agreement process does have mechanisms for oversight : they have not been used in ACTA , but can and should be .
The excuse for using sole executive agreements is that ACTA will be fully respectful of U.S. law .
But the constraint of coloring within the lines of US law , as one anonymous trade official described it , is a fragile linchpin upon which the weight of public trust and democratic legitimacy is bearing down .
In an interview with " Inside U.S. Trade " , for their June 19 , 2009 edition ( paywall link here ) , the USTR was far less confident :
When pressed whether the U.S. would be open to any negotiated difference from U.S. law in the ACTA , the official said that the goal of the U.S. " is to stick as closely to U.S. law as possible . "
How can the USTR negotiate an international agreement that sets new global IP enforcement norms requiring changes to U.S. law and policy as an Executive Agreement , without the knowledge or involvement of Congress ?
Having failed to get similar proposal adopted via the World Customs Organization , the USTR conceived ACTA as a plurilateral agreement , avoiding the checks and balances of existing multilateral norm - setting bodies .
After the announcement of ACTA but prior to commencing formal negotiations , the USTR had prepared a confidentiality agreement that it asked all negotiating countries to accept , which explicitly binds the negotiating partners from public disclosure .
The USTR has exploited this as the justification for classifying all correspondence between negotiating countries in the interest of national security under Executive Order 12958 .
The Mexican IP Office , which is hosting the next ACTA negotiations , still gave indications that the documents will not be made available to the public .
The Internet Chapter was reportedly delivered to negotiating partners in physical , watermarked copies designed to guard against leaks .
If the traditional justification for secrecy in trade negotiations is to safeguard details of sensitive US positions in negotiations for diplomatic advantage over other foreign governments , then why is this confidentiality agreement being used to prevent disclosure of ACTA texts to its own citizens ?
Upon the expiration of Trade Promotion Authority in 2007 , the USTR chose to negotiate ACTA as a sole executive agreement .
As a result , ACTA will not require congressional advice and approval , which is integral to the constitution 's delicate balance of executive and legislative powers .
As staunch a defender of executive privilege as John
Yoo once convincingly argued that the limits of executive power to negotiate foreign agreements on intellectual property matters unchecked would deprive the House of its constitutional function .
From early on , civil society has protested ACTA 's secrecy , and despite continued public pressure , the USTR ’s transparency theater rehearsals of internal review have concluded that showing a selective few Washington insiders the Internet provisions under non-disclosure agreements would satisfy the demands of openness , transparency , and oversight .
Sole executive agreements are not meant to be unaccountable .
There are in fact systems in place to stop our executive ( and private interests ) from having untrammeled power to change the law .
We 've outlined four ways that Congress , or an Administration sincere about transparency , could put their house in order .
Reform trade advisory committees for more diverse representation
Input to U.S. trade negotiators on IP needs to reflect the views of all stakeholders in the U.S. knowledge economy to counterbalance the disproportionate influence of lobbyists for incumbent industries .
This requires reform of the current trade advisory committee system to include civil society and technology industry participation in the tier 3 industry trade advisory committee on intellectual property , ITAC - 15 , or the creation of new equivalent level advisory committees .
Public interest values such as health and consumer protection should play an important role in the new bipartisan trade policy for the knowledge economy .
Strengthen congressional oversight and negotiating objectives
Congressional oversight of foreign trade negotiations , especially agreements affecting areas of non-trade domestic policy , should require the USTR to comply with negotiating objectives that reflect the interests of all stakeholders in the U.S. economy .
In addition to the labor and environmental standards articulated in proposed bills like the TRADE Act ( H.R. 3012 ) , IP enforcement provisions in agreements must not undermine internationally agreed upon commitments on public health , and flexibilities that protect citizens ’ access to knowledge , nor obstruct IP exceptions and limitations appropriate for the digital age .
In addition , the Congressional Oversight Group , a statutory supervisory group comprising members of the House and the Senate designed to liaise with the Trade Representative could conduct a thorough review and certify that the new negotiating objectives have been met before a trade agreement could be brought for a congressional vote .
Institutionalize transparency guidelines for trade negotiations
Given the significance of the substantive provisions being debated to Internet users , the ACTA process especially should enable citizens to participate and provide input on the public policy impacts like in other negotiations , where it is customary practice to make documents available .
The Office of the USTR incorporating these reforms should heed the Attorney General 's instruction to adopt a presumption in favor of disclosure to usher in the President 's new era of open Government .
At a minimum , negotiating texts , when distributed to all negotiating countries should be made public .
Implement the State Department ’s Circular 175 procedure .
Finally , the State Department plays an important role in checking the unfettered power of the USTR through its Circular 175 Procedure .
These are the regulations that " ensure the proper exercise of the treaty - making power . "
The State Department Foreign Affairs Manual goes into great detail on the Legal Advisor 's criteria for review of international agreements .
There are multiple procedures on hand , including formal congressional consultation , when there is a serious question regarding the type of agreement being negotiated .
[ 11 FAM 723.4 ( b ) ]
It is also made clear that the approval of authorization to negotiate does not constitute advance approval of the text or authorization to enter into the agreement .
[ 11 FAM 724.2 ]
The State Department investigates whether the proposed agreement is " in conflict with other international agreements or U.S. law " [ 11 FAM 722 ( 2 ) ] and whether it follows the " general international practice as to similar agreements . " [ 11 FAM 723.3(8 ) ]
Most significantly for the public 's stake in Internet freedom , the Circular 175 declares that :
The interest of the public be taken into account and , where in the opinion of the Secretary of State or his or her designee the circumstances permit , the public be given an opportunity to comment .
[ 11 FAM 725.1( 6 ) ]
The Office of the USTR transparency practices must be reformed , and they have failed at reforming themselves .
Now that the leaked documents confirm everything we feared , it is time to take a look at how we might hold USTR Ambassador Kirk and Assistant McCoy , the lead ACTA negotiator , to account for their promises :
On diverse representation for advice on trade : " I can assure you that I am committed to working very closely with Congress and all interested stakeholders on all of our trade
agreements and negotiations , including ACTA . "
( Ronald Kirk Confirmation Hearings , March 9 , 2009 )
agreements and negotiations , including ACTA . "
( Ronald Kirk Confirmation Hearings , March 9 , 2009 )
On congressional oversight and legislative power : " Q : Will the ACTA rewrite U.S. law ?
A : No. Only the U.S. Congress can change U.S. law . "
( ACTA Fact Sheet , August 4 , 2008 )
On transparency practices : President Obama ’s trade officials met with several civil society groups and promised a thorough review of the USTR policies regarding transparency .
The review is expected to be completed within a few months .
The process will include a meeting within a month to discuss initial specific proposals for openness and transparency .
Citizens and NGOs are encouraged to think about the specific areas where openness and transparency can be enhanced and how .
( USTR Transparency Review KEI Report , March 19 , 2009 - as reviewed by Daniel Sepulveda , Assistant USTR for Congressional Affairs )
On public participation : The ACTA negotiations " [ p] articipants also discussed the importance of transparency including the availability of opportunities for stakeholders and the public in general to provide meaningful input into the negotiating process . "
( USTR Press Release , November 6 , 2009 )
Such accountability is available in the U.S. system , but it cannot come from the Office of the USTR alone .
If ACTA is going to regulate the global Internet , we believe that should warrant the opportunity for public comment .
Understanding scam victims : seven principles for systems security
Frank Stajano , Paul Wilson
August 2009 , 22 pages
An updated , abridged and peer - reviewed version of this report appeared in Communications of the ACM 54( 3):70 - 75 , March 2011 [ doi:10.1145/1897852.1897872 ] .
Please cite the refereed CACM version in any related work .
Abstract
The success of many attacks on computer systems can be traced back to the security engineers not understanding the psychology of the system users they meant to protect .
We examine a variety of scams and “ short cons ” that were investigated , documented and recreated for the BBC TV programme
The Real Hustle and we extract from them some general principles about the recurring behavioural patterns of victims that hustlers have learnt to exploit .
We argue that an understanding of these inherent “ human factors ” vulnerabilities , and the necessity to take them into account during design rather than naïvely shifting the blame onto the “ gullible users ” , is a fundamental paradigm shift for the security engineer which , if adopted , will lead to stronger and more resilient systems security .
Full text
PDF ( 0.3 MB )
BibTeX record
@TechReport{UCAM-CL -TR -754 , author = { Stajano , Frank and Wilson , Paul} , title = { {Understanding scam victims : seven principles for systems security}} , year = 2009 , month = aug , url = { https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/techreports/UCAM-CL-TR-754.pdf}, institution = { University of Cambridge , Computer Laboratory} , number = { UCAM-CL-TR - 754} }
RICHMOND , Va. 
During the worst campus shooting spree in American history , Virginia Tech officials locked down some administrative offices and warned their own families more than an hour and a half before the rest of the campus was alerted , according to revisions made in the state ’s official report on the rampage .
The revelations come more than two and a half years after the gunman , Seung - Hui Cho , went on a rampage that killed 32 students and faculty members before taking his own life , and only 10 days before oral arguments were to begin in lawsuits challenging the university ’s handling of the matter .
They do not change the original thrust of the report  that university officials could have saved lives by notifying students and faculty members earlier about the killings on campus .
But they provide a more detailed picture of the mistakes made by university officials in handling the emergency .
The report , for instance , indicates that students who were initially locked down at West Ambler Johnston residence hall , where the first two victims were killed , were later released from the building by the police and allowed to attend their 9 a.m. classes .
Two of those students then went to class in Norris Hall , where they were killed by the gunman .
And university officials failed to contact the family of the gunman ’s first victim , Emily Hilscher , until after she had died , even though Ms. Hilscher survived for three hours and was taken to two hospitals before her death .
The second largest pearl ever discovered is set to go under the hammer in December .
The Palawan Pearl , which is shaped like a human brain , is expected to raise as much as $ 400,000 ( 250,000 ) when it is auctioned off at Bonhams in Los Angeles
Credit : WENN
Mr. Leonard is a freelance journalist and regular contributor to HNN .
For more information please visit his website at www.aaronleonard.net
James Bradley author of “ Flags of Our Fathers ” and “ Flyboys ” has just published The Imperial Cruise : A Secret History of Empire and War. HNN contributor Aaron Leonard recently sat down with him in New York to discuss the book .
Unlike Flags of Our Fathers -- with its iconic American flag raising on Mt. Suribachi -- this book shows the planting of the U.S. flag on foreign soil in quite another way .
How did you come to write this ?
My dad was one of the guys who raised the flag on Iwo Jima .
When I was nine years old we were studying history .
My Dad came home one night , and I said , “ Dad your on page 94 of my history book .
My teacher said you ’re a hero and she wants you to come and talk to my class . ”
My father looked at the photo and gently closed the book .
He ’s talking to a nine year old , so he said , “ James I ca n’t come and talk to your class I forgot everything , ” that was often his excuse .
Then he looked at my eyes as if wanted to imbed an idea in my little 9 - year - old brain for the rest of my life , and said , “ I want you to always remember that the heroes of Iwo Jima are the guys that did not come back . ”
After writing two books about World War II in the Pacific , I now know there are a lot of guys that did not come back .
Not only Americans , but millions of Asians .
So I began to think about the source of this war .
What was going on ?
What historical forces took my Dad from Wisconsin out to the tiny little island of Iwo Jima , six hundred miles south of Tokyo .
How did that happen ?
The explanation we are given is Pearl Harbor .
Because of [ the Japanese attack on ] Pearl Harbor we fought Japan .
But when you look at Pearl Harbor , its very interesting , Pearl Harbor was not an invasion of the United States .
The Japanese did n’t hit Pearl Harbor to continue to California .
They hit Pearl Harbor to go the other way .
They wanted to expand in Asia , that was the Japanese game .
They hit Pearl Harbor so we would not stop their expansion in Asia .
That was the disagreement .
That was the problem .
My Dad did not fight in Iwo Jima to protect his mother in Wisconsin from the Japanese .
He fought in Iwo Jima to protect Burmese mothers and Vietnamese mothers , where the Japanese were expanding .
So I thought if Japanese expansion was the problem , what ’s the source ?
What ’s the root of this ?
When did Japan first expand and what was the American view on this ?
What did the officials of the time think about this ?
I found that in the summer of 1905 President Theodore Roosevelt dispatched the largest delegation to Asia in U.S. history .
I had a sense that this was a large delegation and wondered what they did out there ?
In the summer of 2005 -- one hundred years later -- I followed in the wake of this imperial cruise .
I was shocked by what I found .
That ’s how the book came about .
It ’s interesting what you ’re saying about Pearl Harbor being the Japanese asserting their domination , but to what degree was this the US really asserting its domination .
For example in this book you write about how the US came to control the Philippines --- and what comes through is a very brutal imperialist domination .
To what degree was this the U.S. taking charge of that region ?
In this book I do n’t so much write about Pearl Harbor , I only bring it up to say , what was the source of this explosion ?
Every divorce has a first kiss , I was looking for that first kiss ... and I found that in the summer of 1905 , President Theodore Roosevelt -- the Nobel Peace Prize Committee did n’t know , the Senate did n’t know -- agreed to a treaty where America and Japan would walk hand in hand onto the Asian continent to take it over .
And Japan needed Korea as a springboard for that plan .
Roosevelt in a secret treaty agrees to give Korea to Japan .
He lights the match on this situation that Franklin Delano Roosevelt would later deal with in World War 2 .
Somebody said to me , ‘ Mr. Bradley , you ’re saying Theodore Roosevelt caused Pearl Harbor ? ’
Well , you know , history ’s not that simple , but the problem in WW2 in the Pacific was Japan expanding , where did that begin ?
It began in July 1905 and the most famous man in the world , the man who was supposedly the honest broker between Japan and Russia said its fine with me .
Why ?
Roosevelt thought that America could have its big stick in north Asia .
The Columbia professor , who I cite in the book , says the great question of the 20th Century is going be whether Asia is Anglo - Saxon or Slav .
Because the Chinese , they are a declining race .
So Roosevelt looked at Asia with a theoretical lens , with theories that told him China was going to crumble like an old barn .
More vigorous countries were going to move into that territory .
The three countries that Roosevelt saw this being were Britain , the U.S. , and Japan .
His theories told him that Japan was an ascending race , China was a descending race .
America was going to put its bet on Japan and he calculated incorrectly that Japan would listen to America and only expand so far .
Roosevelt ’s minister to Beijing wrote [ to the effect that ] definitely Japan jumping into Korea , that will be the far extension of the Japanese empire , we can be sure .
A very different picture of Theodore Roosevelt emerges in your book from what has been the popular currency .
For example Edmund Morris ’ in his Roosevelt biography Theodore Rex describes Roosevelt ’s racial views saying , “ Blacks were better suited for service than suffrage ; on the whole , they were ‘ altogether inferior to the whites . ’
Yet Roosevelt believed ( as most Americans did not ) that this inferiority was temporary .... ”
In contrast to that rather generous characterization you write , “ In 1894 , Teddy had penned an article entitled ‘ National Life and Character ’ in which he wrote that Blacks were ‘ a perfectly stupid race ’ and it would take ‘ many thousands years ” before the Black became even “ as intellectual as the [ ancient ] Athenian . ’
Why this difference ?
What were Roosevelt ’s racial views ?
I do n’t know how to answer that .
It is not an interpretation .
I went on a cruise , and shadowed the 1905 cruise , at that point Taft and Roosevelt are explaining to the United States through Presidential proclamations , messages , press conferences , what we ’re doing in the Philippines , just like President Obama is going to explain what we ’re doing in Afghanistan .
They explained it in terms of racial theory .
So I did n’t seek out the two term papers that President Roosevelt happened to write on race and highlight them in this book .
I point out that the explanation given to the American public was based in racial theories that they were taught at Harvard and Columbia ...
Could you talk more about what those theories actually were ...
The theory was that civilization followed the sun and [ it developed ] in the Caucasus mountains , that ’s why whites are caucasians .
A white person is called a caucasian because scientists theorized in the 19th century that ’s where they came from .
They called themselves scientists , but they were scientists with no science , scientific methods had not been developed to be able explore the body and look at the genetic structure and such .
So they came up with theories that this Aryan race arose in the Caucasus , in fact Iran is a derivative of the word Aryan .
The Aryan arose and their tribes went north , south , east and west .
The ones who went south went to India , the ones who went east went to China .
The theory is that China was a great civilization and India was a great civilization because of this Aryan injection of culture .
But then the Aryan lost the whiteness of its seed by mating with Chinese and Indian females so the Aryan greatness was lost in those countries .
Then there was the tribe that followed the sun , that went west to what we know today as the German forests .
They maintained the purity of their seed by killing everybody who did n’t look like them .
This Aryan tribe in northern Germany became the Teuton .
People sometime think I ’m joking , but this is the political science theory of [ places like ] Columbia and Yale of the time .
[ According to these theories ] the Teuton tinkered with what later would be constitutional democracy .
They did n’t follow kings , they elected people among themselves and political theorists in the 19th century said , ‘ah the Teuton is the seed of American democracy . ’
The Teuton that went south went to Italy and Spain , those societies became great .
But then the Teuton mated with those Mediterranean women lost the whiteness of their seed .
The Teutonic tribe that went west -- civilization followed the sun and the sun only moves west -- went to Britain .
There were already other people there .
They ethnic cleansed them all , they got rid of them all , they killed them all .
The Teuton became the Anglo - Saxon , the Anglo - Saxon went west across the Atlantic .
In 1905 you had London and New York , two financial capitals .
If you look at the globe almost all of it was controlled by the white race through colonization .
The theory was that civilization had followed the sun and that the highest evolutionary product of this was the American ...
[ On its terms ]
It makes sense , it makes logical sense .
How deeply did Theodore Roosevelt adhere to these theories ?
How much had he internalized them ?
From our point of view it 's as if these are distant theories , and maybe you could hold them .
In our parlance we would say a person is choosing to be a racist or not .
The word racist did n’t come into use until the 1930s .
Theodore Roosevelt was not a racist , he subscribed to the racial theory that the editor of the New York Times did , that his entire cabinet did , that almost every educated person in the United States did .
These were not some weird ideas off to the side .
This was how the world worked .
This is why Theodore Roosevelt explained the Philippines and Asia to America in terms of these racial theories .
He was a politician trying to talk in the vernacular of the people .
The section in the book describing the U.S. war in the Philippines is among the starkest material .
You open the chapter with a quote from a soldier who served there in 1902 saying , “ The people of the United States want us to kill all the men , fuck all the women , and raise up a new race in these Islands . ”
Is that an accurate characterization of that war ?
There ’s no accurate portrayal ... my father ’s picture on Iwo Jima is not an accurate portrayal of the Battle of Iwo Jima .
One soldier ’s quote is not the accurate portrayal .
Is that what that soldier believed the election of McKinley meant ?
Yes .
You talk about the use of the water cure in the Philippines -- a euphemism for water boarding ( which itself is a euphemism for torture ) .
I was surprised to see how integral it was as a tactic of the US military .
The obvious question is , did it conjure up contemporary images when you discovered this ?
It was history repeating .
When I went out on this cruise [ in 2005 ] water boarding was a very big news item in Iraq , in terms of CIA interrogation of prisoners .
I got to the Philippines and I realized that that was America ’s first attempt at nation building .
A hundred years before I got there Theodore Roosevelt said , “ Mission Accomplished . ”
There are still American troops fighting in the Philippines today .
Let ’s talk more about Theodore Roosevelt ’s far East policy in the early 20th century laying the basis for World War 2 .
What ’s the connection ?
There was forty years separating them from each other .
How did what Teddy Roosevelt did in 1905 lay the basis for this horrific war in the 1940s ?
People ask , ‘ How could something that occurred in 1905 have repercussions forty years later ?
Well , Ken Burns just did a documentary on TV about the National Park system .
Apparently if you walk into a national park you ’re supposed to feel that Teddy Roosevelt had a lot to do with it a hundred years ago .
I have a friend who ’s writing a book on Theodore Roosevelt ’s helping to create American football .
If you watch the Super Bowl this year , you ’re watching something that Theodore Roosevelt influenced .
What Theodore Roosevelt did not only reverberated forty years later but is still reverberating .
This is an important President at a fulcrum moment in history , 1905 .
Roosevelt says to the Japanese , I trust that you ’re different than rest of Asia .
My racial theories tell me this .
You are more like Americans .
We ’ve got a problem in north Asia .
China ’s collapsing and we do not want the Russians to fill that void .
Congress will not give me the troops I would like to use America ’s big stick there in that beautiful rich part of north Asia .
So what am I going to do ?
So Roosevelt said to himself , I ’m going to partner with the Japanese army and the British navy .
The three of us are going to push back the Russians and take over China .
He did not advocate liberty and freedom for China .
You see the significance of that ?
He called the Portsmouth Peace Treaty negotiations , that sat down to negotiate their differences .
They were dividing up a map of China and he did n’t invite China .
There ’s no repercussions of something like that ?
Hosting a peace conference dividing up China , China asking , ‘ can we come ’ and Roosevelt saying , No !
You ’ve got nothing to say about the future of your country .
Yeah , it has repercussions , I think still today .
I think that it is indisputable that the problem in WW2 that my Dad was sent to help extinguish was Japan going into Asia .
They said in their declaration of war that the problem is Britain and America want to control Asia and we ’re Asians , and we ’re going to control it .
Japan ’s going to control it themselves .
Well it came to loggerheads , but in the beginning it was a progressive experiment .
Theodore Roosevelt believed that an ascending race , the Japanese , would take on the White Man ’s burden for the first time .
No Asian country had industrialized .
No Asian country had militarized .
No Asian country wore Brooks Brothers suits .
Most Asians were still wearing pony tails and robes .
Roosevelt , a modern guy , a young guy , a theoretical guy , not knowing anything about Asia , saw in his wisdom ... thought it was a wise move to ally U.S. interests to Japan in expanding to pick up the pieces of the Chinese empire .
He never imagined that the thing he green - lit would later bite Franklin Roosevelt in the butt .
How much of this did you know before you started writing ?
Zero .
Was it shocking to you ?
What kind of impact did it have ?
It was kind of like an eery silence when you come across documented facts that have huge significance , that affected my life , my family ’s life , and had been hidden for a century .
I was amazed , often stunned .
There were surprises galore on this imperial cruise .
I ’m out in China and I stumble on the source of the wealth of FDR .
I had no idea that grandpa Delano was the opium king of China .
The wealth that supported Franklin Delano Roosevelt , came from drug dealing .
I had no idea .
To continually -- as you see in the book -- come across page after after page of things where you say , “ I did n’t know that ! ” ....
I got a degree in history , how come we ’re not taught some of these facts that are laid on the cutting room floor ?
I was surprised , I was n’t just surprised , I was confused to the point that I did n’t know what [ Teddy ]
Roosevelt was talking about when he talked about thousands of years , he would say this to the American public and Taft said this too in speeches , you ca n’t expect the Philippines to be doing well we have still have a problem we ’ve got an insurgency we ’ve got to keep troops there we ’ve got spend money , because the Philippines does not have the thousands of years of experience that we do with self - government .
Well thousands of years , I read that three times and thought the United States is about 100 years old at this point , where are the thousand of years he ’s talking about ?
Does he mean like back to Greece ?
Roosevelt thinks Americans came from Greece ?
Then I realized that it was this racial theory when I went back to Harvard and Columbia and saw political science theory of the day .
What do you hope this book will accomplish ?
I hope first of all people enjoy reading it .
As a writer my job is n’t just to uncover facts it ’s to make it assessable to the public .
I hope this long - distance time is assessable .
In other words , that it is an enjoyable read .
This is a multi- faceted book , with a lot of different elements to take away .
A key thing for me is ... it is interesting that the founding fathers designed a system and I think we need to follow that system closely .
Congress is supposed to have oversight over treaties .
Roosevelt just went around Congress in an unconstitutional move .
He made a secret treaty .
That had bad repercussions .
It shows that maybe if we had the entire Senate looking at the treaty and debating , that is not such a bad thing .
Secrecy in government is often a very big problem .
The Founding Fathers wanted to shine the light of deliberation on agreements with foreign countries .
Theodore Roosevelt wanted to do it in the dark .
Has there been any controversy in advance of the book ?
This is taking on some sacred cows ?
I think we ’ll see [ what the reaction will be ] .
I wrote a non-fiction book , its heavily heavily footnoted .
The facts are there .
The NY Times said , “ The author of Flags of Our Fathers takes a startling look at what besotted Theodore Roosevelt biographers preferred to ignore .
That Roosevelt ’s dismissive racial attitudes lead him to make disastrous long - range foreign policy miscalculations in the Pacific and Asia . ”
That ’s pretty strong .
There are forty pages of notes , I want them corrected immediately [ if any errors are found ] .
If anyone can read that book and not come to the conclusion that Theodore Roosevelt made a secret deal with the Japanese over a period of two years -- and was acting as an agent -- its in his own handwriting .
So I ’m not speculating or trying to connect dots that are n’t there .
It ’s him bragging about he ’s keeping all this secret .
Its ’ him saying that the Chinese and the Japanese are different races .
ITs Theodore Roosevelt saying that the Japanese are playing our game .
I did n’t say it .
His words are there , he said , “ the Japs are playing our game . ”
He thought he succeeded .
What are you working on now ?
I ’m thinking about looking at FDR and China , WW2 .
Balikpapan Bay in East Kalimantan is home to an incredible variety of ecosystems : in the shallow bay waters endangered dugong feed on sea grasses and salt water crocodiles sleep ; along the bay proboscis monkeys leap among mangroves thirty meters tall and Irrawaddy dolphins roam ; beyond the mangroves lies the Sungai Wain Protection forest ; here , the Sunda clouded leopard hunts , sun bears climb into the canopy searching for fruits and nuts , and a reintroduced population of orangutans makes their nests ; but this wilderness , along with all of its myriad inhabitants , is threatened by a plan to build a bridge and road connecting the towns of Penajam and Balikpapan .
The bridge , known as Pulau Balang , would span the bay , splicing through Balang Island , cutting off the mangroves from the rainforest , and running the entire length of the western edge of the protected forest .
While the direct impacts would be severe — deforestation for the road , splitting the mangrove from the rainforest , damage to the reef — researchers say that providing people easy access to the mangrove and forests will inevitably destroy them .
“ The most serious threats are the indirect ones , notably opening an uncontrollable access to the whole area , ” Stanislav Lhota , a primatologist with the University of South Bohemia , told mongabay.com .
Map showing proposed road and bridge and shorter alternative ( larger image at the end of the article ) .
Image courtesy of Stanislav Lhota .
The project “ will open access for settlements , farming , illegal logging , more land speculation , subsequent forest fires , poaching of wildlife , illegal logging .
In effect it will cause the destruction of the mangrove area and all wildlife there , but also ( slow but certain ) destruction of the western side of the Sungai Wain forest , ” Dr. Gabriella Fredriksson says .
Fredriksson , an expert on sun bears , has worked on managing and conserving the Sungai Wain Protection Forest for over a decade .
“ The destruction of the mangroves will also impact the fragile marine wildlife in the [ Balikpapan ] bay and fisheries due to destruction of fish breeding areas , ” adds Dr. Danielle Kreb of the local NGO RASI , who has studied the marine mammals in Balikpapan Bay for several years and noticed that the Irrawaddy dolphins ’ core habitat is in the vicinity of Pulau Balang .
Despite the clear environmental impact outlined by conservationists , the provincial and federal governments support the project .
Local governments , however , have signalled over the past couple months that they oppose the project , especially since there is an alternative plan that would threaten none of the ecosystems , and in addition provide a far shorter route between Penajam to Balikpapan .
A lost wilderness ?
Sungai Wain protected forest .
Photo by : Marian Bartos .
If the Pulau Bridge project goes ahead , Balikpapan Bay will be forever changed .
The already shallow bay will face erosion and sedimentation from construction work on the surrounding hills , making the bay less accessible for large boats and leading to more frequent flooding of the coastal villages .
Species in the bay , such as dugongs , crocodiles , and green sea turtles — already affected by sedimentation — would likely face further impacts from pollution .
The mangroves — an ecosystem that has faced heavy losses worldwide — would be severely impacted as well .
The green corridors allowing species to move between the mangrove ecosystem and the Sungai Wain protection forest will be altogether broken .
“ Fauna such as proboscis monkeys and many other species cannot survive in long term in mangroves alone , ” Lhota explains .
“ They need regular access to the neighboring forest where they find numerous key resources .
Mangroves alone are rather inhospitable environment with only limited food sources .
If they are isolated from other forests , they may apparently survive but they will gradually turn into a lifeless stand of Rhizophora trees . ”
The eventual loss of the mangroves also threatens the local fishing trade since fish require the mangrove forest for breeding : the mangrove stand in question is the last place for fish in the bay to breed .
“ East Kalimantan only has a small mangrove area left , because much of the mangrove area [ has ] already [ been ] converted to shrimp ponds and industry .
And on Balikpapan , [ this ] is [ the ] last mangrove forest , ” says Ade Fadli of BEBSiC , a local conservation group .
The road connecting the bridge to Balikpapan would next pass along the western edge of the Sungai Wain forest reserve , the last major stand of dipterocarp trees along the south and central coast .
While the direct impact of road building to the forest reserve would likely be minimal , the road would open the reserve to “ illegal logging , land clearance , and above all , forest fires , ” according to Lhota .
A male proboscis monkey .
It is estimated that 5 percent of the world ’s proboscis monkeys are in the mangroves around Balikpapan bay .
Photo by : Petr Colas .
Fire is the most significant threat to the forest .
While tropical forests rarely burn under natural conditions , human impacts in Indonesia has left a scar of burning across Kalimantan .
Sungai Wain contains the last unburnt primary forest in the area ; in 1998 devastating fires spilled across the region , but only burnt a part of Sungai Wain .
“ The [ Sungai Wain ] forest , which was burned only once , regenerates well but becomes highly prone to subsequent fires due to the decrease in humidity and huge quantities of highly flammable dead wood , ” Lhota explains .
“ If it burns a second time , it can no longer regenerate easily .
With the current tendency of governments to consider such forest as ‘ lost forever ’ , it is likely to be doomed to further encroachment and conversion . ”
Home to over 100 mammal species and over 250 bird species , the loss of the forest would devastate tropical species , including a population of reintroduced orangutans .
In addition , the forest is as a catchment source of clean water for the state - owned oil company Pertamina , and the Kariangau Baru industrial area .
The loss of the forest would endanger the water needs of these industries , which uses it for cooling in refineries and drinking for employees .
The Sungai Wain forest “ is the last watershed covered with forest and hence supplying freshwater on an ongoing basis .
The water from this reserve has been used for the oil industry and its workers / households ( which make up almost 20 percent of the population in Balikpapan ) since 1945 , ” Fredriksson explains .
According to Lhota , Balikpapan Bay has huge ecotourism and education potential which has largely gone untapped .
Not much left
Mangroves of Balikpapan bay .
Photo by : Petr Slavik .
Road - building causing forest destruction is hardly a new problem : already Kalimantan has several examples in the region .
Roads have destroyed the Kutai National Park , the Bukit Soehato Conservation Forest , and the Manggar Protection Forest .
These wildernesses have lost nearly all of their primary forest , and most of the parks have been entirely burnt at least once .
The process of slow destruction by human impacts has already begun in Sungai Wain forest , which is threatened by a road being constructed along its southern side .
“ There is a lot of illegal logging going on freely along the road , land is being opened fast by felling and burning and first small houses started to appear on the both sides of the road .
This is an uncontrollable process , ” says Lhota .
Despite government promises of better monitoring , increased law enforcement , and protections of the forest , “ in practice , no protected area along a provincial road in East Kalimantan was able to survive . ”
A number of species in the area are threatened with extinction worldwide .
The bay cat , flat - headed cat , Bornean orangutan , storm ’s stork , Bornean gibbon , proboscis monkey , and Bornean peacock pheasant are all listed as Endangered by the IUCN Red List .
The forest is also home to the white - fronted langur , an elusive primate who was only photographed for the first time in 2005 .
Most of the existing photographs are from the Sungai Wain forest .
White - fronted lanngur in the Sungai Wain forest .
Photo by : Milan Janda .
For Fredriksson , who studies the sun bear , classified as Vulnerable , the project would severely impact the local population she has spent years studying .
“ It will isolate even further an already fragile and small population of sun bears , ironically the mascot of the [ Balikpapan ] district since 2004 .
It will destroy the home - ranges of several bears , it will further increase poaching of bears ( through snares ) [ … ] ” Fredriksson says .
“ I would estimate that the population of sun bears will be halved due to this road and will make the population highly prone to much quicker extinction . ”
Alternative route
This does n’t have to happen .
According to conservationists , a simple alternative route exists that would preserve the bay , mangroves , and forest .
The alternative would also be a quicker route for the local people to drive between Balikpapan and Penajam .
Under the current plan one will have to drive an additional 80 kilometers between Penajam and Balikpapan , which would take longer than simply taking the already - available ferry service .
The alternative projects calls for bridge and road to be built at the very southern edge of the bay , completely bypassing the mangroves and the rainforest .
Perhaps most important for the politicians , while the alternative plan would cost more upfront , it will prove cheaper in the long run .
Sungai Wain forest .
Photo by : Marian Bartos .
“ No one has yet attempted to calculate the enormous economical loss due to the environmental damage caused by the Pulau Balang variant and the huge investments which would have to be paid indefinitely by both local governments to fight the resulting environmental disaster , ” says Lhota .
In addition to environmental costs , the project ignores higher maintenance costs since the road will be built on land - slide prone hills and will be considerably longer than the alternative .
The economic cost of local industries losing dependable water source has also not been calculated .
While the alternative route is more expensive upfront , in the long - term it will likely prove considerably cheaper compared to the Pulau Balang bridge
A second alternative would be to skip new road building altogether and simply improve the ferry transport between Balikpapan and Penajam while enhancing existing roads .
While the Pulau Balang Bridge project has undergone an Environmental Impact Assessment ( EIA ) , Lhota says the EIA is hardly satisfactory .
“ My assistants and I spent one month in the area by voluntarily collecting data to be included in EIA but nothing of it was used .
Given the nature of the data , the EIA document overlooks many of the principal threats to the area , such as the threat of fires to the Sungai Wain Protection Forest , the threat of extinction of mangrove fauna due to its isolation from the other forests and many others . [… ]
Furthermore , the EIA document is hardly available ( it took me four years to get a copy of it and almost no other conservationists have ever accessed it ) and it is practically never consulted [… ]
It is clear that the only purpose for conducting EIA study was to fulfil the legal requirement of having an EIA document and not to evaluate the environmental impact assessment of the project . ”
Going forward : local versus provincial and federal
The Bornean gibbon is listed as Endangered by the IUCN Red List .
Photo by : Petr Colas .
Recently , local governments , perceiving the many negative aspects of the project , have stepped away from supporting the Pulau Balang Bridge .
Instead they have put their support behind the alternative road that would cause far less environmental harm and be a better option for their communities .
As Ade Fadli explains : “ local people only want to get [ the ] best transportation facilities . ”
Yet the provincial and federal governments remain staunch supporters , capable of pushing the Pulau Balang Bridge through despite local concerns .
Already , funds for the bridge and road have been secured by investors from South Korea .
“ The provincial government simply ignores the environmental issues .
They claim that there is a need to improve transportation between East and South Kalimantan , which is right , but it does not explain why to select the Pulau Balang Bridge variant of the provincial road in favor of any of the several suggested alternatives , ” Fredriksson says .
Behind some of the government ’s support could be corruption : many individuals strand to gain hefty government payouts for land speculation .
Sunset over the mangroves .
Photo by : Stanislav Lhota .
“ The main reason I can see for wanting to build this specific road route is that it is the longest road ( i.e. the biggest project expense ) and the largest area available for land speculation , which has been ongoing since the early 1990s when the road was first planned / started to being built .
A large number of influential people at both province and local government level have bought land and will see large profits when this road will gets built , ” Fredriksson says .
“ I currently do not know who all bought the land along the proposed provincial road but these people are probably very influential , and , of course , highly motivated stakeholders .
Corruption is an integral part of Indonesian culture and local rumors explain some of the government ’s decisions in this light , ” an anonymous source said , adding that , “ of course , these rumors can not be proved . ”
In the end the building of the road would be another loss in a long list of losses for Indonesian biodiversity and forests .
The island nation — which has one of the largest deforestation rates in the world , losing nearly 25 percent of its forest in 15 years — is the third largest emitter of greenhouse gases after China and the United States almost entirely due to carbon emissions related to deforestation .
In addition , the island of Borneo has lost nearly 50 percent of its forest cover since the 1970s , despite increasing understanding of the importance of rainforests for ecological services like carbon sequestration , biodiversity preservation , and freshwater catchments .
Despite Indonesia ’s disturbing history , conservationists hope that this time the provincial and federal governments will come around and see that ensuring the preservation of the forest reserve — not to mention the mangroves and the bay itself — is the best way forward both environmentally and economically .
A few notable species in the area :
Mammals :
Male proboscis monkey .
Photo by : Petr Colas .
Endangered :
Bay cat ( Pardofelis badia )
Bornean orangutan ( Pongo pygmaeus )
Bornean gibbon ( Hylobates muelleri )
Flat - headed cat ( Prionailurus planiceps )
Proboscis monkey ( Nasalis larvatus )
Vulnerable :
Bornean slow loris ( Nycticebus menagensis )
Dugong ( Dugong dugon )
Irrawaddy Dolphin ( Orcaella brevirostris )
Marbled cat ( Pardofelis marmorata )
Pig - tailed macaque ( Macaca nemestrina )
Sun Bear ( Helarctos malayanus )
Sunda clouded leopard ( Neofelis diardi )
Western tarsius ( Tarsius bancanus )
White - fronted langur ( Presbytis frontata )
Least Concern :
Maroon langur ( Presbytis rubicunda )
Leopard cat ( Prionailurus benhalensis )
Long - tailed macaque ( Macaca fascicularis )
Silvered langur ( Trachypithecus cristatus )
Birds :
The Dugong is listed as Vulnerable by the IUCN Red List .
Photo by : Julien Willem .
Endangered :
Bornean Peacock Pheasant ( Polyplectron schleiermacheri )
Storm ’s Stork ( Ciconia stormi )
Vulnerable :
Blue - headed Pitta ( pitta baudii )
Bornean Wren - babbler ( Ptilocichla leucogrammica )
Near Threatened :
Bornean Bristlehead ( Pityriasis gymnocephala )
Bornean Ground Cukoo ( Carpococcyx radiceus )
Reptiles / Amphibians :
Endangered :
False gavials , reports of a few surviving individuals ( Tomistoma schlegelii )
Green sea turtles ( Chelonia mydas )
Least Concern :
Saltwater Crocodile ( Crocodylus porosus )
Map of provincial road and bridge , as well as alternative .
Image courtesy of Stanislav Lhota .
Related articles
Video : rare footage of the sun bear , the world ’s smallest , making a nest in the canopy
( 12/06/2009 )
Sun bear expert , Siew Te Wong , has captured rare footage of the world ’s smallest bear making a nest high in the canopy .
The sun bear in the video is a radio - collared individual that Wong is keeping tabs on in Borneo .
Indonesia : Kalimantan ’s Lowland Peat Forests Explained
( 12/04/2009 ) Earth ’s tropical rainforests are a critical
component of the world ’s carbon cycle yet cover only about 12 % of its
terrestrial land .
Accounting for 40 % of the world ’s terrestrial carbon and 50 %
of the world ’s gross primary productivity , [ 1 ] .
the production of organic compounds primarily through photosynthesis , tropical
rainforests also are one of the engines driving Earth ’s atmospheric circulation
patterns .
40 % of lowland forests in Sumatra and Indonesian Borneo cleared in 15 years
( 11/10/2009 ) Forty percent of lowland forests in Sumatra and Kalimantan ( Indonesian Borneo ) were cleared from 1990 to 2005 , reports a new high resolution assessment of land cover change in Indonesia .
World ’s first video of the elusive and endangered bay cat
( 11/05/2009 ) Rare , elusive , and endangered by habitat loss , the bay cat is one of the world ’s least studied wild cats .
Several specimens of the cat were collected in the 19th and 20th Century , but a living cat was n’t even photographed until 1998 .
Now , researchers in Sabah , Malaysian Borneo , have managed to capture the first film of the bay cat ( Catopuma badia ) .
Lasting seven seconds , the video shows the distinctly reddish - brown cat in its habitat .
Photos : Palm oil threatens Borneo ’s rarest cats
( 11/04/2009 ) Oil palm expansion is threatening Borneo ’s rarest wild cats , reports a new study based on three years of fieldwork and more than 17,000 camera trap nights .
Studying cats in five locations — each with different environments — in Sabah , Malaysian Borneo , researchers found that four of five cat species are threatened by habitat loss due to palm oil plantations .
“ No other place has a higher percentage of threatened wild cats ! ” Jim Sanderson , an expert on the world ’s small cats , told Mongabay.com .
Pointing out that 80 percent of Borneo ’s cats face extinction , Sanderson said that “ not one of these wild cats poses a direct threat to humans . ”
Roads are enablers of rainforest destruction
( 09/24/2009 ) Chainsaws , bulldozers , and fires are tools of rainforest destruction , but roads are enablers .
Roads link resources to markets , enabling loggers , farmers , ranchers , miners , and land speculators to convert remote forests into economic opportunities .
But the ecological cost is high : 95 percent of deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon occurs within 50 - kilometers of a road ; in Africa , where logging roads are rapidly expanding across the Congo basin , the bulk of bushmeat hunting occurs near roads .
In Laos and Sumatra , roads are opening last remnants of intact forests to logging , poaching , and plantation development .
But roads also cause subtler impacts , fragmenting habitats , altering microclimates , creating highways for invasive species , blocking movement of wildlife , and claiming animals as roadkill .
A new paper , published in Trends in Evolution and Ecology , reviews these and other impacts of roads on rainforests .
Its conclusions do n’t bode well for the future of forests .
Oil road transforms indigenous nomadic hunters into commercial poachers in the Ecuadorian Amazon
( 09/13/2009 )
The documentary Crude opened this weekend in New York , while the film shows the direct impact of the oil industry on indigenous groups a new study proves that the presence of oil companies can have subtler , but still major impacts , on indigenous groups and the ecosystems in which they live .
In Ecuador ’s Yasuni National Park — comprising 982,000 hectares of what the researchers call “ one of the most species diverse forests in the world ” — the presence of an oil company has disrupted the lives of the Waorani and the Kichwa peoples , and the rich abundance of wildlife living within the forest .
Rehabilitation not enough to solve orangutan crisis in Indonesia
( 08/20/2009 ) A baby orangutan ambles across the grass at the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation ’s Nyaru Menteng rehabilitation center in Central Kalimantan , in the heart of Indonesian Borneo .
The ape pauses , picks up a stick and makes his way over to a plastic log , lined with small holes .
Breaking the stick in two , he pokes one end into a hole in an effort to extract honey that has been deposited by a conservation worker .
His expression shows the tool ’s use has been fruitful .
But he is not alone .
To his right another orangutan has turned half a coconut shell into a helmet , two others wrestle on the lawn , and another youngster scales a papaya tree .
There are dozens of orangutans , all of which are about the same age .
Just outside the compound , dozens of younger orangutans are getting climbing lessons from the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation ( BOS ) staff , while still younger orangutans are being fed milk from bottles in a nearby nursery .
Still more orangutans — teenagers and adults — can be found on “ Orangutan Island ” beyond the center ’s main grounds .
Meanwhile several recently wild orangutans sit in cages .
This is a waiting game .
BOS hopes to eventually release all of these orangutans back into their natural habitat — the majestic rainforests and swampy peatlands of Central Kalimantan , on the island of Borneo .
But for many , this is a fate that may never be realized .
Forest fires set by Borneo dam developer contributes to haze in Malaysia , Singapore
( 08/17/2009 )
The developer of a massive hydroelectric project in Borneo plans to set fire to thousands hectares of logged over rainforest in the dam area , contributing to polluting haze already blanketing the region and raising the risk of forest fires in adjacent areas , reports a local environmental group .
The Sarawak Conservation Action Network has learned that Sarawak Hidro Sdn Bhd , the operator of the Bakun Hydroelectric Power Dam project , is in the process of clear - cuting 80,000 hectares ( 200,000 acres ) of rainforest set to be flooded by the dam .
The remnants are being torched , in direct violation of Malaysia ’s laws against open burning .
Borneo ablaze : forest fires threaten world ’s largest remaining population of orangutans
( 08/16/2009 ) Raging fires have broken out in the peat - swamp forests of Central Kalimantan , Indonesian Borneo , threatening the largest population of orangutans in the world .
The fires were started by people but have spread uncontrollably due to the extreme drought that Borneo is currently experiencing as a result of El Niño conditions .
New fire record for Borneo , Sumatra shows dramatic increase in rainforest destruction
( 02/22/2009 ) Destruction of rainforests and peatlands is making Indonesia more susceptible to devastating forest fires , especially in dry el Niño years , report researchers writing in the journal Nature Geoscience .
Constructing a record of fires dating back to 1960 for Sumatra and Kalimantan ( on the island of Borneo ) using airport visibility records to measure aerosols or “ haze ” prior to the availability of satellite data , Robert Field of the University of Toronto and colleagues found that the intensity and scale of fires has increased substantially in Indonesia since the early 1990s , coinciding with rapid expansion of oil palm plantations and industrial logging .
Heart of Borneo conservation initiative at risk from Indonesian development plan
( 02/04/2009 ) Indonesia ’s Defense Minister Juwono Sudarsono is pushing a proposal to develop economic zones along the border between Malaysia and Kalimantan “ as soon as possible ” for national security reasons , reports the Jakarta Globe .
The plan — which Juwono claims is to protect Indonesia ’s sovereignty — would undermine the historic Heart of Borneo conservation initiative signed in 2007 by spurring massive expansion of logging , plantation development , and road construction in the biologically - rich region .
Borneo logging road puts rainforest , indigenous communities at risk
( 10/22/2008 ) A 186 - mile ( 300 - km ) logging road to the top of the Bario highlands in northern Sarawak puts the state ’s increasingly rare natural forest at risk , warns the Borneo Resources Institute , a grassroots environmental group .
A serious injury or the wrongful death of a loved one changes your life forever .
Selecting the right attorney can make the difference between a financial settlement that covers your immediate expenses and one that provides financial security for life .
But choosing an attorney , especially while you are under great distress , is not easy .
The personal injury legal field is massive .
You know this .
You see the ads on TV and buses every day .
What you may not know is that many of these firms take on hundreds of minor injury cases and therefore may struggle to give your serious case the attention it deserves .
Neff Injury Law , a national litigation firm based in Atlanta , handles only serious injury and wrongful death cases .
Our four attorneys work as a team , typically on no more than 20 cases at a given time .
Today I went to the aquarium in Sasebo , which is called as Umi-Kirara .
My son was sitting in front of the dolphin's tank pool , then a kind dolphin came close to my son .
My son and the dolphin looked smiling , and I thought they were talking something I could n't understand .
It was very precious moment ...
Umi-Kirara , Sasebo , Nagasaki , Japan .
Nikon D300SNikon AF - S Nikkor 16 - 85 mm VR
NASA selected three finalists on Tuesday to be the agency ’s next cheap , robotic exploration mission .
Depending on which wins , a probe will head for Venus , the moon , or a near - Earth object no later than 2018 .
The latter two missions would include the return of samples , while the Venusian lander would test the planet ’s composition much like the Phoenix Lander did on Mars .
The NASA anointing means that the teams proposing the excursions will have some money to make more detailed plans .
The winning mission will be the next in a series of explorations under the New Frontiers program .
New Frontiers missions have to run under $ 650 million and be ready to launch relatively quickly .
In this case , the final pick will be made in 2011 and will launch just seven years later .
While NASA personnel will be digging into the proposals to come up with the official decision , we ’d like to know which proposal you like .
Read up on the contenders , and vote in the poll afterwards .
Name : The Surface and Atmosphere Geochemical Explorer ( SAGE )
Destination : Venus
Principal Investigator : Larry Esposito of the University of Colorado in Boulder
Plan :
The SAGE mission would release a probe that would descend through Venus ’ thick atmosphere to its surface .
There , it would dig into the crust and measure its composition , not unlike what the Phoenix Lander did on Mars .
Why : “ Venus is like a twin sister of the Earth , and it ’s gone terribly bad , ” Esposito told Colorado Daily .
Scientists want to know what happened .
Name : Origins Spectral Interpretation Resource Identification Security Regolith Explorer ( Osiris - Rex )
Destination : A “ primitive asteroid ”
Principal Investigator : Michael Drake , of the University of Arizona in Tucson
Plan : Osiris - Rex would fly to a primitive asteroid , orbit it , and then land on it .
After collecting 2 ounces of material , it would fly the samples back to Earth .
It ’s a bit like Russia ’s planned Phobos - Grunt mission , which would return samples from a Martian moon .
( Osiris is pictured above . )
Why : “ A primary motivation for an asteroid sample return mission is the desire to both acquire samples with known geologic context and to return materials that are either unlikely to survive passage to Earth ( e.g. , friable , volatile - rich material ) or would be compromised by terrestrial contamination upon their fall ( e.g. , extraterrestrial organics ) . ” — according to a description of the mission plan [ pdf ]
Name : MoonRise
Destination : Aitken Basin , at the Moon ’s south pole
Principal Investigator : Bradley Jolliff , of Washington University in St. Louis
Plan :
The mission would place a lander in a south polar lunar basin , where it would excavate about two pounds of lunar material .
The samples would be returned to Earth .
Why :
The area where MoonRise would dig is believed to be composed of rocks from the moon ’s mantle conveniently exposed by a massive meteorite strike .
Understanding the interior of the moon could help explain a lot about the formation of the solar system .
Image : Osiris - Rex .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
Cracking the Planet [ Image : By Jack van Wijk , Eindhoven University of Technology ] .
My brother pointed out this series of maps over at New Scientist .
Combining a Buckminster Fuller - like interest in the most efficient way to
[ Images : By Jack van Wijk , Eindhoven University of Technology ] .
" Making truly accurate maps of the world is difficult , " New Scientist points out , " because it is mathematically impossible to flatten a sphere 's surface without distorting or cracking it .
The new technique developed by computer scientist Jack van Wijk at the Eindhoven University of Technology in the Netherlands uses algorithms to ' unfold ' and cut into the Earth 's surface in a way that minimises distortion , and keeps the distracting effect of cutting into the map to a minimum . "
[ Image : The world as a near - continuous coastline around one global ocean .
By Jack van Wijk , Eindhoven University of Technology ] .
In van Wijk 's own abstract , published by The globe is projected on a myriahedron , a polyhedron with a very large number of faces .
Next , this polyhedron is cut open and unfolded .
The resulting maps have a large number of interrupts , but are ( almost ) conformal and conserve areas .
A general approach is presented to decide where to cut the globe , followed by three different types of solution .
These follow from the use of meshes based on the standard graticule , the use of recursively subdivided polyhedra and meshes derived from the geography of the earth .
It would be amazing to see what effect this technique might have on a much smaller scale — if , for instance , you could run one of these cuts through a populated area like London , say , and watch as parts of the city fractal off to opposite sides of the planet , the city 's roads opened up into algorithmic fissures .
( Thanks , Kevin ! )
My brother pointed out this series of maps over at .
Combining a Buckminster Fuller - like interest in the most efficient way to map a sphere in two dimensions with a deployment of new algorithms , the maps show alternative ways of representing the earth 's surface .
" Making truly accurate maps of the world is difficult , " points out , " because it is mathematically impossible to flatten a sphere 's surface without distorting or cracking it .
The new technique developed by computer scientist Jack van Wijk at the Eindhoven University of Technology in the Netherlands uses algorithms to ' unfold ' and cut into the Earth 's surface in a way that minimises distortion , and keeps the distracting effect of cutting into the map to a minimum .
"
In van Wijk 's own abstract , published by The Cartographic Journal , we read that these " myriahedral projections , " as they 're called , " are a new class of methods for mapping the earth " :
It would be amazing to see what effect this technique might have on a much smaller scale — if , for instance , you could run one of these cuts through a populated area like London , say , and watch as parts of the city fractal off to opposite sides of the planet , the city 's roads opened up into algorithmic fissures .
Newer | Older
Proposed amendment to the Digital Economy Bill exempts search engines from copyright infringement claims from third parties – Rupert Murdoch presumably included
Time for Rupert Murdoch to mobilise the lobbyists ?
Search engines would be exempted in UK law from any liability for copyright infringement , under a remarkable amendment ( 292 ) proposed to the Digital Economy Bill .
Conservative Lord Lucas is proposing a specific new clause so that …
" Every provider of a publicly accessible website shall be presumed to give a standing and non-exclusive license to providers of search engine services to make a copy of some or all of the content of that website , for the purpose only of providing said search engine services ...
" A provider of search engine services who acts in accordance with this section shall not be liable for any breach of copyright ... "
Lucas ' amendment , Protection of search engines from liability for copyright infringement " , would rewrite the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 .
This could throw the cat amongst the pigeons on practices like aggregating MP3 deep links ( for which Yahoo has been penalised even in China ) - but would have the most profound impact on the ongoing issue of search engines ' ability to crawl news publishers articles ...
Indeed , it would , for example , give Google legal immunity with which to index News Corp content , settling that thorny topic once and for all .
But all would not be lost for publishers who want to retain control .
Lucas 's amendment does make provision …
The presumption ( of having an automatic license ) may be rebutted by explicit evidence that such a licence was not granted .
Such explicit evidence shall be found only in the form of statements in a machine - readable file to be placed on the website and accessible to providers of search engine services .
In other words , Google would be free to copy everything - but a publisher blocking search spiders with a robots .
txt file would be taken as withholding that right .
An explicit " fair use " provision , which Google often cites against copyright - abuse claims , does not exist in UK law .
The wide - ranging Digital Economy Bill , whose glitziest clauses ask ISPs to warn subscribers accused of illegal downloading before throttling their bandwidth or kicking them offline , is currently going through House Of Lords committee stage .
During its passage , individual representatives are trying to pin their specific interests on to the bill .
But there are opportunities for Lucas ' amendment to fail .
If it fails to win peers ' backing , Lucas may yet withdraw it before the Lords decide on a version to pass to House Of Commons MPs , who may themselves remove it if Lucas does not .
It 's one of 299 proposed amendments which are being heard in the Lords , with the next such session on Tuesday .
President Obama plans to propose today a new tax on about 50 of the nation ’s largest financial institutions to recoup about $ 100 billion in expected losses on infusions of federal bailout money .
The expected proposal comes a day after the heads of four giant banks admitted making mistakes and expressed regret for the financial crisis before a special panel investigating the causes of the massive meltdown .
The new “ financial crisis responsibility fee , ” which must be approved by Congress , would generate about $ 9 billion a year for at least 10 years , said a senior administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity because the plan had not been formally unveiled .
The annual tax -- equal to 0.15 % of a company ’s liabilities excluding insured deposits -- would be assessed on banks , insurance companies and other financial firms with at least $ 50 billion in assets .
The levy , which would take effect June 30 , would hit many banks that have repaid all of their infusions from the $ 700 - billion bailout fund -- and some that never received any of that money .
Notably , the fee would not be assessed on automakers General Motors Co. and Chrysler Group , which have received about $ 64 billion in bailout money and are projected to account for a large share of the losses .
Such a fee would be logistically difficult to impose on a manufacturing company , the administration official said .
Advertisement
Large banks , anticipating the proposal , have complained that a new tax on them to cover losses from the Troubled Asset Relief Program would be unfair not only because most of them have repaid their TARP money but also because the Treasury Department projects a profit on its bailout investments in banks after counting dividends they paid to the government as well as increases in the value of stock warrants the government received when making the infusions .
“ I think it would be very hard to have the industry pay for the auto companies , ” Jamie Dimon , chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co. , said Wednesday .
“ At some point , you ’ve got to be fair . ”
But the Obama administration contends it ’s only fair to ask that firms that helped cause the crisis and have benefited from the bailouts cover any losses from the fund -- especially now that many of the largest banks are again making large profits and plan to award millions of dollars in bonuses .
“ It is our belief that major financial institutions were both significant causes of the historic financial crisis that has inflicted widespread harm on the economy and have been beneficiaries of extraordinary efforts to stabilize the economy , ” the senior administration official said .
“ It is in many ways offensive . . . to suggest that they can today afford excessive , often outlandish bonuses for their top executives but cannot afford to make whole the taxpayers who put forward public policies that they have benefited from . ”
Advertisement
The administration ’s move , which Obama is expected to announce this morning , reflects continued anger over the behavior of large Wall Street firms in helping trigger the crisis and the return of normalcy to the financial industry while many average Americans are still struggling .
That outrage also has prompted Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , to set hearings this month on executive compensation and on possibly increasing taxes on large bonuses .
“ The question of compensation for people in the financial industry is a legitimate cause of concern in the country as a whole , and we are going to address it , ” Frank told reporters Wednesday .
“ There may be , in some of these financial institutions , people capable of playing Major League Baseball .
I ’m not aware of any , ” he said .
“ But absent that , I do n’t know where they would go to get comparable forms of compensation . ”
Advertisement
Dimon and executives from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Corp. largely defended their compensation practices Wednesday at the first hearing of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission , but said they understood the public ’s anger at their industry .
The executives did n’t accept direct blame for causing the financial crisis .
They said their firms were among the many players , from financial giants to average consumers , who took on too much risk in the boom of the last decade , believing the good times would not end .
“ We did eat our own cooking , and we choked on it , ” John Mack , chairman of Morgan Stanley , said about large bets the industry placed on a continued rise in the housing market .
“ Somehow we just missed that home prices do n’t go up forever , ” Dimon told the panel in admitting that his company never tested its exposure to a 40 % drop in home prices even though it tested almost every other market scenario .
Advertisement
Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and Brian Moynihan , the new CEO of Bank of America , were the other initial witnesses as the congressionally appointed commission began the public portion of its yearlong investigation .
“ We ’re after the truth , the hard facts , ” Phil Angelides , the commission ’s chairman , said in kicking off the first two days of hearings .
“ People are angry .
. . .
They have a right to be .
If we ignore history , we ’re doomed to bail it out again . ”
Angelides , a former California state treasurer and 2006 Democratic nominee for governor , swore in the four executives and told them the commission would use its subpoena power when necessary -- unneeded Wednesday because the witnesses testified voluntarily -- and refer any wrongdoing it uncovered to the authorities .
The questioning was contentious at times , and Angelides was the most aggressive of the 10 panel members .
He wondered whether the crisis was “ purely a perfect storm ” or “ a man -made perfect storm in which the clouds were seeded . ”
Advertisement
The answers , which the commission must provide to Congress by Dec. 15 , will be difficult to determine , Peter J. Solomon , a New York investment banker , told the panel in the second session later in the day .
“ There ’s no silver bullet here , ” he said of the cause of the crisis .
“ If you listed all the villains in this tale , you would n’t get to the plot . ”
Angelides focused his questioning on Blankfein , whose firm has been criticized for selling securities containing subprime mortgages and then shorting those same investments to hedge the firm ’s risk .
Blankfein said the practice was “ improper ” and that “ we regret the consequence that people may have lost money . ”
But he also defended the actions , saying they were what “ market maker ” firms such as Goldman do in creating a mechanism to trade shares and in minimizing the risks .
Advertisement
“ I ’m just going to be blunt with you , ” Angelides responded .
“ It sounds to me a little bit like selling a car with faulty brakes and then buying an insurance policy ” on the person who buys the car .
The sparring between the two was the most contentious part of the first three - hour session .
Blankfein said it was difficult to look at risk in hindsight after a major crisis .
He noted that a person ’s assessment of the risk of a hurricane was greater after a season in which four major hurricanes hit .
“ Acts of God are exempt , ” Angelides shot back .
“ These were acts of men and women . ”
Blankfein , Mack and Dimon -- all of whom headed major companies as the financial crisis approached -- testified on Capitol Hill for the second time since the crisis began .
Advertisement
They said Wednesday that poor government regulation played a role in the crisis and pressed for changes , including new oversight of risk in the broader financial system and a way for large firms to fail without seriously damaging the economy .
The Obama administration has proposed such changes in an overhaul of the financial regulatory system now moving through Congress .
“ We cannot and should not take risk out of the system ; that ’s what drives the engine of our capitalist economy , ” Mack said .
“ But no firm should be too big to fail . ”
Dimon said he wanted to be clear that he was not blaming regulators , but the companies , for their problems .
“ I blame the management teams 100 % and no one else , ” he said .
JPMorgan
Chase should have been more diligent about lending standards and about financial firms becoming over - reliant on short - term financing , Dimon said .
In addition , “ excessive leverage , even from consumers , pervaded the system ” leading up to the crisis , he said .
Advertisement
Moynihan , who took over Bank of America this year , said he understood the public ’s anger and was grateful for the $ 45 billion in taxpayer bailout money the company had received .
He noted the firm had repaid the entire amount , along with $ 3 billion in dividends and other payments .
The other three companies also have repaid their bailout money .
Still , Moynihan said : “ We as managers need to run our companies so this never happens again . ”
Blankfein credited government support as being crucial in stabilizing the financial system -- “ and we benefited from it . ”
But he did not agree with Angelides that Goldman only survived because of the aid .
“ I ca n’t stand here and tell you what would have happened . . . but we were going to bed every night with more risk than any responsible manager should want to have either for your business or for the system as a whole , ” he said .
Advertisement
The commission was created by Congress last year and patterned on the bipartisan panel that investigated the causes of the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
Congress also launched a similar inquiry , known as the Pecora Commission , after the Great Depression , and those findings led to major financial reforms .
Angelides was appointed by congressional Democratic leaders to head the panel .
Republicans chose former Central Valley Rep. Bill Thomas , a onetime chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , as the vice chairman .
The panel has six Democratic appointees and four Republicans .
--
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX
Quotable
“ Somehow we just missed that home prices do n’t go up forever . ”
Advertisement
-- Jamie Dimon , chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co .
“ We did eat our own cooking , and we choked on it . ”
-- John Mack , chairman of Morgan Stanley
“ Over the course of the crisis , we as an industry caused a lot of damage .
And it has been clear how the poor business judgments we have made have affected Main Street . ”
Advertisement
-- Brian Moynihan , chief executive of Bank of America Corp .
“ We talked ourselves into a place of complacency which , . . . after these events , will not
happen again in my lifetime , as far as I ’m concerned . ”
-- Lloyd Blankfein , chief executive of Goldman Sachs Group Inc .
From HaskellWiki
Overview
LambdaCube 3D is Haskell - like purely functional domain specific language for programming the GPU ( graphics processing unit ) .
During the years the project had lot of rewrite and reconfiguration .
It was a long journey from a Haskell OGRE clone to a graphics EDSL and finally to a standalone compiler .
Read more on project history page .
Project homepage : http://lambdacube3d.com
Download
LambdaCube 3D on GitHub
History
2015 -04 -14 - New homepage : http://lambdacube3d.com
2015 -02 -14 - First working DSL compiler
2014-11-?? -
The focus turns for the DSL implementation
2012-08-15 - Started development blog
2012-03 -?? -
The project was reborn as an EDSL for GPU graphics programming
2011 -06 -23 -
The second big release which already includes a more advanced Bullet binding and the Stunts example ; details in the announcement
2009 - 11 -18 -
The first release on Hackage : engine and examples , plus a bullet example that will eventually grow into a library
2009 -09 - 22 -
The summer report was presented at the JSSP meeting
2009 - 08 - 10 - Major public commit that went with the mid-summer report
2009 - 05 - 12 - Project announced to be among the JSSP winners
2009 -03-31 - Application for Jane Street Summer Project sent in
2009-01 -?? - Development started
Screenshots of previous iterations
2012-06 - LC DSL Q3 example
2012-06 - LC DSL
Stunts example
2009 - 11 - Hackage release
2009 -09 - JSSP meeting
Tile Racer track loader :
Bullet physics integration :
2009 -03 - Pre-summer mock - up
Licence
The code is released under BSD3 .
The engine and the examples not using physics build out of the box on a fresh Haskell Platform install under Windows .
If Bullet is installed , the Stunts example should also be possible to get running with cabal - install .
I do n’t know if this is a record or not for Christmas coverage , but it is certainly reminiscent of the winter of 1977 - 78 where we had similar bouts of cold and snow .
About 99 % of Canada has snow cover also , with some parts of the Pacific Coast excepted , and it appears that all of Canada ’s Lakes are frozen as indicated by the “ yellow ice ” in the photo .
Here is the latest ( Updated for 12/25/09 ) from NOAA :
From the National Operational Hyrdologic Remote Sensing Center here is the satellite snow depth map and the hard data on coverage :
December 25 , 2009
Area Covered By Snow : 63.0 % Area Covered Last Month : 10.4 % Snow Depth Average : 5.0 in Minimum : 0.0 in Maximum : 889.2 in Std. Dev. : 7.0 in Snow Water Equivalent Average : 0.9 in Minimum : 0.0 in Maximum : 437.5 in Std. Dev. : 1.5 in
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
How to Get Paid to Write
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
YELLOWSTONE NATIONAL PARK , WYO . --
New studies of the plumbing that feeds the Yellowstone supervolcano in Wyoming 's Yellowstone National Park shows the plume and the magma chamber under the volcano are larger than first thought and contradicts claims that only shallow hot rock exists .
University of Utah research professor of geophysics Robert Smith led four separate studies that verify a plume of hot and molten rock at least 410 miles deep that rises at an angle from the northwest .
The studies also indicate the banana - shaped magma chamber a few miles beneath Yellowstone is 20 percent larger than previously thought - meaning a cataclysmic eruption could be even larger .
" We have a clear image , using seismic waves from earthquakes , showing a mantle plume that extends from beneath Yellowstone , '' Smith says .
Seismic imaging was used by University of Utah scientists to construct this picture of the Yellowstone hotspot plume .
Click to enlarge
Some researchers have doubted the existence of a mantle plume feeding Yellowstone , arguing instead that the area 's volcanic and hydrothermal features are fed by convection - the boiling - like rising of hot rock and sinking of cooler rock - from relatively shallow depths of only 185 miles to 250 miles .
But the series of studies show the plume angles downward 150 miles to the west - northwest of Yellowstone and reaches a depth of at least 410 miles .
That puts the plume below the town of Wisdom , Mont .
Smith says " it would n't surprise me " if the plume extends even deeper , perhaps originating from the core - mantle boundary some 1,800 miles deep .
In fact , a preliminary study by other researchers suggests Yellowstone 's plume goes deeper than 410 miles , ballooning below that depth into a wider zone of hot rock that extends at least 620 miles deep .
The notion that a deep plume feeds Yellowstone got more support from a study published this month indicating that the Hawaiian hotspot - which created the Hawaiian Islands - is fed by a plume that extends downward at least 930 miles , tilting southeast .
The study estimates the plume is mostly hot rock , with one to two percent molten rock in sponge - like voids within the hot rock .
Smith also points out the plume is n't vertical , but has three components :
The 45 - mile - wide plume that rises through Earth 's upper mantle from at least 410 miles beneath the surface .
The plume angles upward to the east - southeast until it reaches the colder rock of the North American crustal plate , and flattens out like a 300 - mile - wide pancake about 50 miles beneath Yellowstone .
The plume includes several wider " blobs " at depths of 355 miles , 310 miles and 265 miles .
A little - understood zone , between 50 miles and 10 miles deep , in which blobs of hot and partly molten rock break off of the flattened top of the plume and slowly rise to feed the magma reservoir directly beneath Yellowstone National Park .
A magma reservoir 3.7 miles to 10 miles beneath the Yellowstone caldera .
The reservoir is mostly sponge - like hot rock with spaces filled with molten rock .
Researchers previously believed the magma chamber measured roughly six to 15 miles from southeast to northwest , and 20 or 25 miles from southwest to northeast , but new measurements indicate the reservoir extends at least another 13 miles outside the caldera 's northeast boundary , Smith says .
The Yellowstone caldera , like other calderas on Earth , huffs upward and puffs downward repeatedly over the ages , usually without erupting .
Since 2004 , the caldera floor has risen 3 inches per year , suggesting recharge of the magma body beneath it .
The studies , funded by the National Science Foundation , appear in the latest issue of the Journal of Volcanology and Geothermal Research .
View Larger Map
×
Related Links
THE IRANIAN GOVERNMENT LASHED OUT today against the West 's perceived support of anti-government protests by arresting foreign nationals allegedly involved in the Dec. 27 Ashura protests , and publishing a list of 60 organizations waging " soft war " against Tehran .
Meanwhile , Shirin Ebadi - an Iranian lawyer , human rights activist and 2003 Nobel Peace Prize winner - argued in her interview Monday with CNN that the Iranian government 's efforts to suppress demonstrations were failing and would only increase and radicalize the opposition , thus sowing seeds for the government 's downfall .
This largely conforms to the analysis of most Western media and policy analysts , who see the ingredients for the downfall of the clerical regime in Iran as clearly arrayed ; most believe it is only a matter of time before Tehran sees a regime change .
The picture painted by Western media and governments is , however , one that STRATFOR has refused to complacently accept .
The imbroglio on the ground in Tehran is perceived as a continuation of the " color revolutions " that began in the former Soviet Union , of which the Ukrainian 2004 " Orange Revolution " is a prime example .
All the elements of a " color revolution " seem to be in play in Iran : a pariah regime maintains power despite what appears to be voter fraud while a supposedly liberal / pro-Western opposition launches a series of protests and marches that only accentuate the regime 's instability and unpopularity .
Keeping with the latest fashion , the Iranian movement has even picked a color : green .
Western commentators who think they are witnessing regime change in Tehran could make an even more prescient parallel with the toppling of Serbian strongman Slobodan Milosevic in the so - called " Bulldozer Revolution " in October 2000 .
In late 2000 , Milosevic 's Serbia was a pariah state that refused to budge over its crackdown in Kosovo in much the same way that Tehran refuses to budge on the issue of its nuclear program .
But if Iran today is to be compared to Serbia in 2000 , then the regime change would have happened immediately following the June elections when protests reached their greatest numbers and the government was caught off guard by the virulence of the disturbance .
Instead , a much more realistic ( and poignant ) analogy would be Serbia in 1991 , when Milosevic faced his first serious threat - one he deftly avoided with a mix of brutality and co-option .
" The Western media confused liberal , educated , pro-Western university students in the streets of Belgrade for a mass movement against Milosevic ... much like they do with Iran today . "
The March 1991 protests against Milosevic focused on the regime 's control of the country 's media .
Opposition leader Vuk Draskovic - a moderate nationalist writer turned politician - was still smarting over his defeat in the presidential elections in December 1990 , in which his party received no media access to Milosevic - controlled television .
The March 9 protests quickly took on a life of their own .
The assembly of nearly 150,000 people in Belgrade 's main square turned into a full - scale anti-Milosevic riot , prompting a brutal police crackdown that led to the Serbian military being called to secure the city 's streets .
The next day Belgrade university students took their turn , but were again suppressed by the police .
Milosevic 's crackdown dampened enthusiasm for further violent challenges to his rule .
Each time he was challenged , Milosevic retained power through a mix of restrictions ( which were most severe in 1991 ) and piecemeal concessions that only marginally eroded his power .
Meanwhile , Western media throughout the 1990s confused liberal , educated , pro-Western university students in the streets of Belgrade for a mass movement against Milosevic , much like they did with the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 and with Iran today .
But ultimately Milosevic stayed in power for two main reasons : he had ample domestic , popular support in Serbia outside of Belgrade , and he had the full loyalty of security forces in Serbia at the time : interior ministry troops and their various paramilitary organizations .
Serbian opposition eventually employed two strategies that toppled Milosevic : co-option and compromise with elements of Milosevic 's regime .
Co-option meant convincing the industrial workers and miners of Central Serbia , as well as ardent Serbian nationalists , that protesting against Milosevic meant more than being a university student who discussed Plato in the morning and marched against the government in the evening .
Highly organized student opposition group Otpor ( " Resistance " in Serb ) made it their central mission to co-opt everyone from labor union members to nationalist soccer hooligans to the cause .
This also meant fielding a candidate in 2000 elections - firmly nationalist Vojislav Kostunica - that could appeal to more than just liberal Belgrade and European - oriented northern Serbia ( the Vojvodina region ) .
Meanwhile , compromise meant negotiating with pseudo security forces - essentially organized crime elements running Milosevic 's paramilitaries such as the notorious " Red Brigades " - and promising them a place in the future pro-Democratic and pro-Western Serbia .
These compromises ultimately came to haunt the nascent pro-Western Belgrade , but they worked in October 2000 .
These Serbian opposition successes stand in stark contrast to Iran today .
In Iran , we have seen no concrete evidence that the opposition is willing or able to co-opt Iranians of different ideological leanings .
As long as this aspect is missing , security elements will refuse to negotiate with the opposition since they will perceive the regime as still having an upper hand .
Furthermore , security elements will ultimately not switch sides if they do n't have assurances that in the post - clerical Iran they will retain their prominent place or at least will escape persecution .
This was the " deal with the Devil " that the Serbian opposition was ready to make in October 2000 .
But in Iran , at this moment , a deal with the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and their paramilitary Basij forces is not possible .
Ultimately , Serbia in 2000 was also surrounded by a different geopolitical situation .
Isolated in the Balkans with no allies - not even Russia , which at the time was weak and dealing with the aftershocks of the 1998 economic crisis - Western pressure exerted on Belgrade was inordinately greater than the pressure the United States and its allies can exert on Iran today .
It is further highly unlikely that a military strike against Iran would have the same effect that NATO 's three - month air campaign against Serbia did in 1999 .
The scale of the two efforts is vastly different .
Serbia was an easy target surrounded by NATO states , while Iran can retaliate in a number of ways against the United States and its allies , particularly by threatening global energy trade .
Evidence from the ground in Iran indicates that the ruling regime may undergo a certain level of calibration - especially as different factions within the clerical regime maneuver to profit from the imbroglio - but it is hardly near its end .
The continuation of protests is not evidence of their success , much as the continuation of protests against Milosevic throughout the 1990s was not evidence that he was losing power .
Milosevic not only held out for nearly 10 years after the initial 1991 protests , but he also managed to be quite a thorn in the side of the West , taking charge in numerous regional conflicts and going toe - to - toe with NATO .
We may later come to see in the Iranian protests of June and December 2009 the seeds of what might eventually topple the regime .
But if we learn anything from the Serbian example , it is that a regime that survives a challenge - as Milosevic did in 1991 - lives to tough out a number of fights down the road .
A few years ago , in a post called “ Oil Tetris , ” I used the game of Tetris to illustrate the dangers of being dependent on petroleum and the fact that the United States consumes 5,000 gallons of gasoline per second .
Today , I am offering a similar set of images to illustrate my concerns regarding the dangers of overpopulation ( and its attendant degradation and depletion of natural resources ) .
As one who has pledged to support the 2010 GPSO effort , I am advocating that we directly and unflinchingly address the issue of whether we have overloaded our planet , our little lifeboat in outer space , with people .
Here ’s the general idea :
If there were still only 2.5 billion people in the world ( as there were as recent as 1950 ) , it would be monumentally easier to sustainably tap into the world ’s resources to feed , house and clothe them .
In 1950 , it was not an empty world ; 2.5 billion is a hell of a lot of people .
Admittedly , it was not a peaceful world –it never has been a peaceful world , but it was n’t a world where so many basic critical resources were being stressed and exhausted ( including water , oil , phosphates for fertilizer , food supply , ocean fishing and soil ) .
So here is the illustration .
Back in 1950 , the baseline for providing for 2.5 people was much lower than it currently is .
There was room for error–room to make changes in the way the world was being run while still giving access for most people regarding most resources .
Here is the world in 1950 :
The falling pieces represent societal needs , and there was more ability to meet those needs in 1950 .
But now the world is a different place , where 2 billion people live on less than $ 2 / day .
It ’s a world where huge numbers of people are without water and sanitation .
It ’s a world were valiant efforts are necessary to keep the food supply even stable , much less to increase it .
Back in 1950 , we could increase the food supply significantly , because we had n’t yet filled the world with 6.7 billion people and we had n’t yet planted virtually every square mile that could be planted .
Now , many emergencies regarding resources require desperate responses that are n’t often publicized by the Western media ; knowing that there are billions of hungry people throws a damper on our annual Christmas - time consumerist orgy .
That ’s how difficult it is for affluent Westerners to give a damn about the big picture , making it naive to suggest that we simply need to redistribute existing resources and continue packing greater numbers of people onto the planet .
Nor is it easy to reason with many religions that find it utterly inconvenient to limit the ability of their members to “ go forth and multiply . ”
There is little room for error these days , as represented by the following Tetris board :
The question , then , is whether it is responsible to run our world like a highly stacked Tetris board , where starvation already affects one billion people and yet we continue to add 1.5 million more people to our resource - challenged world every week .
Is it wise to live so dangerously ?
And for those who are tempted to comment that I should focus on things other than population , such as new technologies and social justice , by all means .
I do that almost every week in my posts .
But let ’s consider whether we would be better off also having the courage to address the basic issue of the carrying capacity of the planet .
The secret recipe is back in the safe for another year , and the dust sheets have gone back over the machinery : the Queen 's Christmas chocolate is ready and has been dispatched to Buckingham Palace .
It is , as the red label boasts , truly a " superior " chocolate .
Cadbury uses a special machine and a special recipe at the Bournville factory , it has emerged , solely to make batches of gold foil - wrapped dark chocolate just for the royal household , delivered in small boxloads direct to Buckingham Palace , Windsor Castle and Sandringham .
Although labelled Culinary Plain Chocolate , its unusually high cocoa solids content apparently makes it suitable for either cooking or tucking into while watching the Queen 's speech .
A company spokesman said : " We do make the Queen a bar of dark chocolate .
It 's not for sale to the public .
We 've been providing chocolates to the royal family since Victorian times , but I cannot discuss the recipe . "
The Mail media group , which has mounted a campaign against the giant American Kraft food company 's attempt to take over the chocolate firm , solemnly warned : " If it is taken over , there is no guarantee Cadbury would continue to make the Queen 's chocolate . "
When I was a child , I always found it fascinating to watch the cartoon where the cartoon character would be riding a horse while holding a stick with a carrot on the end .
The horse would see that carrot and instinctively move toward it .
But every time the horse moved , so did the carrot !
The most important thing to that horse was the carrot right in front of him , so much so that he did n't even notice the person riding on him .
I was amazed to find out that our country is very similar to that horse .
Whether Democrat , Republican , or Independent , all instinctively would agree that we need to balance the budget and pay down the debt .
However , every time our country has run a surplus and began to pay down the debt , a recession was sure to follow and we were unable to continue paying it down ..
So where is the problem ?
Why can't we just pay down the federal debt and have no drastic consequences like when your family pays down your personal debts ?
First , we will need to understand a little about how money comes into existence .
Every dollar note comes into existence through one of the twelve Federal Reserve Banks loaning out money at a particular rate .
Only those notes can be used to pay off the debt with a particular Federal Reserve Bank .
So essentially this “ money ” is created out of thin air , and then loaned out into society .
Then that “ money ” is further expanded in private banks through a practice called “ fractional reserve banking ” .
According to the New York Federal Reserve Bank ,
“ If the reserve requirement is 10 % , for example , a bank that receives a $ 100 deposit may lend out $ 90 of that deposit .
If the borrower then writes a check to someone who deposits the $ 90 , the bank receiving that deposit can lend out $ 81 .
As the process continues , the banking system can expand the initial deposit of $ 100 into a maximum of $ 1,000 of money ( $ 100 +$ 90+81+$ 72.90 +…=$ 1,000 ) . ”
According to private sector calculations ( since M3 is no longer released by the Federal Reserve ) there is estimated to be 14.6 trillion dollars ( electronic and dollar bills ) in circulation today ( a significant amount of that is being held by foreign countries so in reality , there is even less being circulated in the U.S. economy ) .
Every time the money supply increases , it pushes prices up .
Let 's say you grow corn .
If you produce 100,000 bushels a year at $ 2.12 per bushel , you make $ 212,000 in gross sales in which you then deduct costs to determine your income .
However , there is a limited amount of corn you produce .
You cannot just decide one year that you will produce 200,000 bushels with the same amount of land and labor put into it .
So each bushel has a real value as land is limited and your labor and time is limited .
So if the government borrows one trillion dollars from the Federal Reserve and they then spend 100 billion on corn , there is now less corn that year and the usual purchasers , such as cereal factories , etc , now have to pay a higher amount to buy the same amount of corn as they would have before since the supply has been decreased .
So the price rises and we see inflation .
Then as the private banks expand that one trillion dollars to ten trillion dollars , the price of corn and other commodities will continue to rise ( or one could say that the value of the dollar has declined ) .
So if the money supply is expanded through debt creation , which results in inflation , then when you try to pay off debt , the money supply will in return contract , which will result in deflation .
So when any significant amount of debt is paid off that is more then being created at a given time , this will cause there to be up to ten times less the amount of money that is paid off .
So if the United States Government paid down all of it's debt today , which is 9.3 trillion , this would cause the money supply to contract by upwards of 93 trillion dollars .
That would mean a 64 % decrease in the money supply .
So the price of everything would then need to decrease to 1/3rd their current value ( payroll included ) .
During that adjusting period , very few things would be exchanged back and forth which would translate into many people losing their jobs and taking very large pay cuts and also not being able to purchase the basic amenities as they are priced 64 % too high .
People would feel like they just do n't have enough money .
Companies would n't have enough money to pay their employees and many jobs that are currently paid below 17 $ / hour would need to be adjusted below the minimum wage rate .
This would translate into a recession the equivalent of the Great Depression .
Likewise any amount of paying down the federal debt will cause this deflation to occur proportional to the amount being paid off .
So what is the solution ?
Unfortunately there is no easy answer .
One proposal has been that of allowing the private sector to produce competing currencies .
This way if the U.S. dollar spins into an inflation free - fall , Americans have an alternative they can fall back on .
For instance , suppose I owned a business .
There is a very attractive private currency called the “ Liberty Dollar ” .
This is a currency backed 100 % by silver .
So I could set my prices to also accept “ Liberty Dollars ” .
Then if the U.S. dollar inflates or deflates , depending on the Federal Reserve policies , my customers would still have a currency that they could pay with .
I would still have a currency I could pay my workers with .
I would still have a currency that I could purchase my products with .
I could set my prices once and never need to worry about needing to raise them .
As I find more efficient ways to produce and deliver my product over time , I would then be able to continually decrease my prices .
Likewise , as my employees become more productive , I can measurably determine what increase in pay that they are worth .
Productive exchanges would still thrive even though the U.S. Dollar is in no way included in these exchanges .
Now if a whole community was completely on a silver or gold or commodity backed currency , then the Federal Reserve 's decisions , whether ill or good , would have little bearing on that community .
Most of Malaysia 's population is Muslim
A court in Malaysia has ruled that Christians have a constitutional right to use the word Allah to refer to God .
The High Court said a government ban on non-Muslims using the word was unconstitutional .
The court was ruling on a lawsuit filed by the Herald , a publication of the Catholic Church in Malaysia , in 2007 .
The authorities had insisted that Allah in the Malay language refers only to the God in Islam , which could only be used by Muslims .
The BBC's Jennifer Pak in Kuala Lumpur said some Muslim groups suspect the Catholic Church is seeking to encourage Muslims to convert to Christianity - a move which is illegal in Malaysia .
' Glorious new year '
The issue had become a symbol of a growing number of religious grievances among minority groups , in a political environment often divided along racial and religious lines , our correspondent adds .
The Herald filed for a judicial review after it was ordered in 2007 to stop referring to Allah in its publication .
The publication said it had been been using the word for decades , and had a constitutional right to do so .
The Herald welcomed Thursday 's ruling , saying it would be a " glorious new year for some 850,000 Catholics in Malaysia " .
More than half of Malaysia 's population is Muslim but the large Chinese and Indian communities are mainly Christian , Buddhist or Hindu .
Two thoughts came to her in a jumble : A terrorist was using her to sneak bomb - detonating materials on the plane .
Or a drug dealer had made her an unwitting mule , planting coke or some other trouble in her bag while she was n't looking .
An op -ed in the Sunday New York Times by former investigators and prosecutors Eliot Spitzer , Frank Parnoy , and William Black calls for AIG to put non-privileged e-mails , accounting documents , and financial models on line to allow for an “ open source ” investigation .
The questions they want to examine include :
As fraud investigators , we would like to examine the trading patterns of A.I.G. ’s financial products division , and its communications with Goldman Sachs and other bank counterparties who benefited from the bailout .
We would like to understand whether the leaders of A.I.G. understood that they were approaching a financial Armageddon , and whether they alerted their counterparties , regulators and shareholders to the impending calamity .
We would like to see how A.I.G. was able to pay huge bonuses to its officers based on the short - term income they received from counterparties for selling guarantees that , lacking adequate loss reserves , the companies would never be able to honor .
We would also like to know what regulators knew , and what they did with the information they had obtained .
This idea no doubt will strike most readers as quixotic .
But the authors point out that three individuals have the power to force this to take place :
A.I.G.’s board of directors , a distinguished group of senior business executives , holds the power to decide whether to publish the e-mail messages and other documents .
But those directors serve at the behest of A.I.G. ’s shareholders .
And while small shareholders of public corporations generally do not have the right to force publication of internal documents , in this case one shareholder — the taxpayer — holds an 80 percent stake .
Anyone with such substantial ownership has effective control over corporate decisions , even if the corporation is a large public one .
Our stake is held by something called the A.I.G. Credit Facility
Trust , whose three trustees are Jill M. Considine , a former chairman of the Depository Trust Company and a former director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ; Chester B. Feldberg , a former New York Fed official who was chairman of Barclays Americas from 2000 to 2008 ; and Douglas L. Foshee , chief executive of the El Paso Corporation and chairman of the Houston branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas .
Ultimately , these three trustees wield all the power at A.I.G. , and have the right to vote out the 11 directors if the directors are unwilling to publish the e-mail messages .
In other words , if these three people ask A.I.G. ’s board to post the messages and other documents , the board will have no choice but to comply .
Ms. Considine , Mr. Feldberg and Mr. Foshee have the opportunity to be among the most effective and influential investor advocates in history .
Before A.I.G. escapes , they should demand the evidence .
This is a good proposal , but I have a far more basic question : why was no forensic work done as a requirement of the bailouts ?
The Swiss Federal Banking Commission required UBS to perform an extensive investigation of exactly what it did so wrong that it needed a government handout , and it hired ( presumably at the insistence of the regulators ) third parties to conduct the investigation .
It provided considerably more detail than any bank has provided so far of how a firm with a solid franchise drove itself into an abyss .
Why has there been NO serious investigation of ANY kind of the recipient of such extraordinary taxpayer largesse ?
Why has virtually NOTHING been demanded of them ?
Why the unseemly rush to let them off the hook and let them “ pay back the TARP ” ?
This is completely unwarranted in the case of AIG , which has had its deal with the government retraded in AIG ’s favor a full four times .
Why has AIG at every turn gotten a better and better deal , each time at the public ’s expense , and is now allowed to lobby that it should be freed of its obligations ?
No private sector lender would allow a troubled borrower that could not meet its commitments to renegotiate and get IMPROVED terms .
The inability to meet the terms of the original funding ( one on terms private sector lenders were willing to consider , and that per Sorkin , AIG itself proposed ) only strengthens the case to continue with the original plan , which is to break up AIG and sell the pieces for what they can fetch .
This is the course that would yield the highest returns to the public , and that program will not produce a systemic event , which should be the ONLY offsetting consideration .
There is no business rationale to have an agglomeration of diverse insurance businesses , particularly one that has been as badly managed as AIG ( Sorkin ’s account also reveals a shocking lack of financial and operational controls ) .
So why have there been no investigations ?
In AIG , the Goldman conspiracy theorists have a real case .
Consider this commentary from a reader who was a senior executive at a monoline , on an article that looked like a PR effort to get ahead of a possible source of trouble for Goldman .
The Wall Street Journal story noted that Goldman guaranteed $ 23 billion of CDOs with AIG and allegedly made a mere $ 50 million ….
which is utter bullshit .
Normal CDO originating spread are 1.25 % to 1.5 % .
Its profits on these deals , separate on how it might have booked its trades with AIG , was at least $ 287.5 million .
Even more important , a some of these trades were part of its Abacus program , which was a series of synthetic CDOs that it used to lay off its real estate risk ( both RMBS and CMBS ) .
In other words , the “ short subprime ” trade that everyone has lauded Goldman for was in part , if not in significant measure , borne by taxpayers .
The most curious part of this pattern is that Goldman used ONLY AIG for its CDO guarantees ; all other banks also used the monolines to a significant degree .
So Goldman would benefit far more than other firms from an AIG rescue ; they would all still lose out on their monoline exposures .
The monolines started hitting the wall before Goldman did ; in fact , their wobbly state played a direct role in the failure of the auction rate securities market ( Feb 2008 ) , when it became clear that Eric Dinallo ’s efforts to create a bailout for Ambac and MBIA were likely to come to naught ( the monolines were major guarantors of municipal paper , and municipalities were major issuers of ARS ) .
Both retail investors and municipalities suffered as a result ( retail investors who needed access to their funds but could not get liquidity ; issuers who had to pay penalty rates because their maturing paper could not be rolled ) .
The monolines , who Goldman had not used , were allowed to twist in the wind , but AIG was rescued .
And Goldman hands are far from clean .
From a reader who was a senior executive at a monoline on the WSJ story :
I find it amazing that after stuffing AIG with $ 23 billion of CDOs , which lead to AIG failing , Goldman ’s spokesman has the audacity to blame the problem on AIG .
meanwhile , Goldman researchers and CFO were criticizing Merrill and Citi for taking on so much exposure to the other bond insurers and insisting that these insurers not get bailed out .
It also highlights again how outrageous it was that Goldman and the others gold paid off at par for taking a combination of CDO and AIG risk while the rest of the world ( investors and insurers ) got burned for taking CDO risk .
The Goldman spokesperson acts indignant at the suggestion that somehow they should n’t have gotten this .
This was the scam they played with the Fed .
While the subprime deals and CDOs were obviously going bad , an argument was made by many people at the time that the aggressive mark downs by AIG acelerated the death spiral for the market .
It is pretty clear , here and elsewhere , that Goldman was the one that initiated the mark downs of collateral value .
it would be interesting to explore this all the way through .
Though not discussed in this article , Goldman shorted subprime through the Abacus deals , and perhaps elsewhere .
this gave them an incentive to force mark downs .
the intermediation deals described in the article , combined with AIG ’s collateral posting , gave them another incentive to be agressive with mark downs .
they were acting like they wanted to grab the money before anyone else could get their hands on it .
this would have raised some issues in an AIGFP bankruptcy .
( note – Hank Greenberg suggested that this was going on in his october 2008 testimony but there was a chorus of attacks on him for being a crook and unreliable , thanks to his problems with Spitzer . )
So here we have the pattern : 1 . Goldman creates or sells $ 23 billion ( or more ) of CDOs and stuffs them into AIG .
2 . Goldman proclaims to the world they have no exposure to CDOs and warns that banks and insurers with CDO exposure will get downgraded .
3 . Goldman initiates the mark downs of CDOs with AIG and others , acelerating the market ’s downward spiral .
4 . Huge mark to market losses lead insurer and bank credit to freeze , short term markets to lock up , ABCP to collapse .
5 . AIG posts as much collateral as it has to Goldman , who has more aggressively marked down the exposure .
6 . Bond insurers are downgraded , banks begin commutations with them .
7 . AIG fails ,
Fed steps in , Goldman gets bailed out at par .
Yves here .
This looks like no accident .
I suspect it was no accident .
And no one in authority wants to find out where the truth lies .
Now this is exactly what we 've been worried about : that Wall Street would successfully push Obama for an early end to economic stimulus ( which also includes extended unemployment benefits , by the way ) , just as bankers and Republicans did with FDR in 1937 - tipping the country right back into recession .
( Krugman 's been sounding the alarm for a while . )
I predict Bernanke will withdraw anything that makes it look like they do n't have faith in a spring recovery , hoping to use it as a placebo effect .
And as to the millions of us still looking for work , and whose unemployment checks are about to run out ?
Morgan Stanley responds that there 's " never an easy time to do it . "
I hope Mr. Roach has a big yard , since we 're all going to be camping in it :
On October 30 , 2009 , Diane Goodman logged on to Yelp.com .
Like many business owners in cities across the country , Goodman had lately developed a small obsession with the website , which allows customers to publish critiques of local businesses .
She had been visiting her company 's
Yelp page every day to see what her customers had written about her bookstore .
Goodman found reading
Yelp reviews to be emotionally wrenching -- but she also could n't look away .
Scanning the page , Goodman discovered that an amateur critic -- a Yelper -- had written a new review of Ocean Avenue Books , the small store in San Francisco where she is the owner and sole employee .
Over the previous few years , Goodman 's store had received a handful of reviews on Yelp .
Most of them were positive , but they often contained just a touch of cruelty .
For instance , there was the customer who gave her five stars out of five but went on to describe her store as " poorly lit , mothball infested , disorganized , and a bit chaotic . "
Another described Goodman as " a sweet lady " but also recommended that she give the store " a good cleaning . "
" I know it 's a mess , " Goodman says , showing me inside the shop , a 650 - square - foot box with tall shelves and haphazard stacks of paperbacks blocking the aisles .
" But it 's just me working here . "
Goodman is 49 years old and has an easy smile .
She opened the store , at a different location , in 1992 .
" I have the kind of business where I get really close to my customers , " she says .
" I 'll spend hours talking to people who are lonely .
That 's the job . "
But a few years ago , the job started to change .
Whereas before dissatisfied customers might have complained directly to Goodman or simply gone away , now they were seeking relief on the Web .
" In the past , if someone was difficult , you could just tell them to leave , " she says .
" But you ca n't do that anymore .
You talk to someone , and a couple of minutes later , it 's on Yelp . "
Goodman began reading the latest review .
" This place is a TOTAL MESS , " wrote somebody who went by the handle Sean C. " I think this place needs to close down for a few days and do a thorough cleaning and organization and get rid of all the crap ! "
Goodman was angry -- yet another review about the mess -- and she decided to let Sean C. have a piece of her mind .
She clicked a link on Yelp 's website , opening a tool that allows business owners to send messages to reviewers .
" Why do n't you come in here and say it to my face ? " she wrote .
" Are you too much of a coward ? "
She told him that she knew who he was -- so few people came into the store that it was obvious -- and that the store was a mess because sales were slow .
Over the next few hours , she sent several more angry messages .
She warned of a " world of pain . "
" Goodbye pussy boy I will be contacting your employers , " she said .
And : " Your mom was a bitch and she did n't teach you how to behave .
That 's why your life is such a mess right now . "
Sean C. went back to the Yelp page for Ocean Avenue Books , amended his review of the store , and attached the e-mails .
He also attached the e-mails to a post on Yelp 's message boards under the subject " Getting threatening and crazy e-mails from business owner . "
Dozens of the amateur critics who write reviews on the site jumped to his defense .
Someone named Morgan M. wrote , " That owner is fucking crazy , " and Patricia H. wrote , " Wow , what a nut job ! "
A few attempted to defuse the dispute .
" Leave the small [ companies ] alone , " wrote Verona N. " They are already struggling to keep their heads above the sea of large businesses . "
For two days , Goodman was transfixed by the discussion -- and she started to get paranoid .
" I could n't tell if the people coming into the store were real customers or just people who were going to say something about me on Yelp , " she says .
A customer would ask an innocuous question -- for instance , " How long have you been open ? " -- and Goodman would panic , fearing that her response might become fodder for yet another Yelp comment .
" I was saying to myself , ' Come on ; that 's crazy , ' " she says .
" ' Do n't think this way . ' "
At the end of the second day , she decided to end the crisis by apologizing .
She figured out Sean 's last name -- Clare -- with a Google search and found his address in the white pages .
His house was just two blocks from her store .
She walked up the stairs to his front porch and , at 6 o'clock on a Sunday evening , knocked on his door .
Accounts differ as to what happened next , but a struggle ensued .
Goodman says she started to explain that she had come to apologize for her e-mails and was attacked ; Clare says Goodman began yelling , forced her way into his house , and refused to leave .
In any case , the two became entangled , grappling until Goodman fell down the steps .
When she hit the ground , Clare ran back inside and slammed the door .
The police arrived a few minutes later .
They told her she would be booked for battery and remanded to San Francisco General Hospital for a mental health evaluation .
She sat and listened , bewildered .
Since when , she wondered , was it illegal to knock on a neighbor 's door ?
And why , after all the nasty things that had been said about her in public , was she the one being punished ?
Was n't she the victim here ?
More than anything , she blamed Yelp .
Out of nowhere , the little company had somehow managed to get between her and her customers .
It had hurt her business and caused her to humiliate herself , first online and now , improbably , in the real world .
" I 've never met any store owner who likes Yelp , " Goodman says .
" We 're all gritting our teeth .
It 's evil . "
Everyone 's a critic .
The cliché has long been a useful way to brush off a caustic remark or a biting comment .
But now it 's true -- and it 's driving entrepreneurs crazy .
Maybe you 've seen the red decals posted outside your local takeout joint or your nearest watering hole .
They say , " People love us on Yelp . "
Or , if you happen to own a service business , maybe you have received a red business card from a customer with the words , " You 've been Yelped ! " printed in large block letters .
The calling card directs business owners to the site where they -- and the entire world -- can read what the customer really thinks of them .
A bad Yelp review can damage more than an entrepreneur 's ego .
Yelp is by some measures the most popular reviews website in the world , with more than 26 million monthly readers and a library of user - generated content that is probably matched only by Wikipedia .
There are some eight million
Yelp reviews , covering service businesses in most major American metropolitan areas , along with Ireland , Canada , and the United Kingdom .
Yelp was founded in San Francisco in 2004 by Jeremy Stoppelman and Russel Simmons , two men in their 20s who wanted to make it easier for consumers to find good businesses and avoid bad ones .
What they created was an online yellow pages with attitude .
Yelp lets anyone critique any business and grade it , with ratings from one star to five stars .
Yelp then uses a closely guarded algorithm -- the company wo n't discuss even the basics of how it works -- to determine which reviews are displayed prominently , which are buried , and which are removed from the site .
Most
Yelp reviews are overwhelmingly positive , but some are painfully negative , often in a personal way .
Reviewers will insinuate that there are rats in the kitchen , that the owner looks like a meth head , that the merchandise is stolen .
They will suggest that the barber 's razors are n't sterilized , that the restaurant manager is racist , or that the business , whatever it sells , is just plain bad -- to be avoided , one star , DO NOT GO HERE !!!
Yelp allows companies to respond to reviews , either by posting a public comment on their Yelp page or by sending a private message to the reviewer .
A company can edit basic information on its Yelp listing -- such as a phone number , Web address , and operating hours -- but it can't remove itself from Yelp .
The upshot is that in the 33 cities in which Yelp has established a firm foothold , most companies must contend with the fact that they neither control nor wholly understand the mechanism by which millions of customers decide where to spend their money .
Yelp makes money by selling ad space to small businesses .
Salespeople typically call a company that has received several reviews and encourage the owner to " claim " his or her Yelp page .
This allows the business to respond to reviews and receive traffic reports from Yelp .
Once a business has done this , the next step is an offer of a $ 300 - per- month paid sponsorship , which buys the company advertisements elsewhere on the Yelp site .
" We explain to them how getting more exposure on Yelp benefits their business , " says Jordan Grossman , a salesman in the company 's San Francisco office who let me listen in on his sales calls .
" Usually the reaction is positive . "
But not always .
The Web is littered with the testimony of business owners who claim to have been shaken down , slandered , or otherwise damaged by Yelp and its users .
Go into any service business , find the owner , and ask her what she thinks about Yelp , and you are liable to get , at best , a mixed response .
A restaurateur in Phoenix told me that reading Yelp reviews is like " panning for gold in shit . "
" Anybody can ruin your business , " said another restaurant owner in Lafayette , California .
He urged me to " come out and expose these guys . "
The speed at which Yelp -- only five years old , unprofitable , and cute in all the ways that Silicon Valley start - ups tend to be -- has managed to attract animus would be enough on its own to make it worthy of examination .
But Yelp is also noteworthy as a case study in start - up success .
It has managed to pull ahead of entrenched , well - funded competitors while building an enormous community of dedicated writers and readers .
According to the Internet research firm comScore , the site 's traffic increased 45 percent over the past year , even as Citysearch , a 14 - year - old site owned by the Internet conglomerate IAC , saw its traffic drop slightly .
Yelp does n't disclose its revenue , but the figure is thought to be about $ 30 million .
The company , which has raised $ 31 million from venture capitalists since 2004 , expects to be profitable by the end of the year and has more than $ 15 million in the bank .
Yelp employs roughly 300 people , and Stoppelman , the company 's CEO , expects the figure to increase to 500 by the end of this year .
Max Levchin --
Yelp 's first investor and the co-founder of PayPal -- says he expects
Yelp to be " one of the highest - return investments I 've ever made . "
Indeed , as Inc. went to press , rumors surfaced that Google was in talks to buy Yelp for $ 500 million .
Stoppelman and Simmons met while working as engineers at PayPal , the online payments firm that was founded in 1998 , taken public in 2002 , and then sold to eBay for $ 1.5 billion .
PayPal was a contentious , intensely competitive place , and it launched the careers of entrepreneurs who helped create many of the successful companies that Silicon Valley would hatch over the next decade .
The so - called PayPal Mafia -- led by co-founders Elon Musk , Peter Thiel , and Max Levchin -- founded or provided angel investment to Facebook , Tesla Motors , Digg , Flickr , YouTube , Kiva , Slide , and LinkedIn .
Yelp 's beginnings were , as a result , anything but humble .
The company was , literally , conceived over lunch and funded -- to the tune of $ 1 million -- by dinnertime .
At the time , Stoppelman and Simmons , who were 26 and 25 , respectively , were working in a 10 - person incubator created by Levchin .
He instructed them to look at a handful of investment ideas , one of which was " the yellow pages for the 21st century . "
As Stoppelman and Simmons ate lunch one afternoon in the fall of 2004 , they talked about building a service that would allow you to e-mail a question to your friends -- for instance , " Who knows a good doctor in San Francisco ? " -- and then publish the results online .
( The idea of allowing people to publish reviews without being prompted , which is today Yelp 's core offering , was an afterthought . )
It was Levchin 's 29th birthday , and about an hour after the lunch ended , Simmons and Stoppelman approached their boss and pitched the concept .
They had no PowerPoint presentation and no specific revenue plan ; just a sense , Stoppelman says , that they could make something that would appeal to lots of people .
Levchin hesitated .
" I was n't sure if it would work , " he says .
" But the guys were really enthusiastic about it .
And in my experience , when you have smart people who work well together , it 's foolish not to invest . "
Maybe because it was his birthday -- or maybe because he had made tens of millions of dollars on PayPal -- Levchin agreed , investing $ 1 million in the half - baked idea .
During its first few months , Yelp was a failure .
It attracted few readers or writers beyond the founders ' friends and family , and it did not impress the venture capital investors whom Stoppelman pitched at the end of 2004 .
After a few weeks of unsuccessful meetings , Stoppelman and Simmons went back to the office and set about trying to improve their product .
" We got the doors slammed in our face over and over again , " Stoppelman says .
" But that was lucky . "
Had Yelp succeeded in raising money , it probably would have attempted a national rollout .
But without any additional funding , he and Simmons had to stay local .
" We said , ' You know what ?
If we just create a cool city guide in San Francisco and it's worth $ 10 or $ 20 million , that would be a win .
We do n't care . ' "
The idea of talking about a $ 20 million exit as a mere " win " betrays a hardheadedness that is one of Stoppelman 's strengths but that can also make him seem strangely cold .
Stoppelman 's analytical tendencies make his reviews almost comically dispassionate .
Writing on his blog about a book he read recently , The Lives of Ants , he calls it , " an okay survey of the ant species . "
A review of the clothing retailer French Connection sums it up as " clothing of medium - level quality . "
Without the cash for a national rollout , Stoppelman decided to focus on making Yelp famous locally .
With the help of a buzz - marketing guru he hired on a whim , Stoppelman decided to select a few dozen people -- the most active reviewers on the site -- and throw them an open - bar party .
As a joke , he called the group the Yelp Elite Squad .
Levchin thought the idea was crazy -- " I was like , ' Holy crap :
We 're nowhere near profitability ; this is ridiculous , ' " he says -- but 100 people showed up , and traffic to the site began to crawl up .
Because the parties were reserved for prolific reviewers , they gave casual users a reason to use the site more and nonusers a reason to join Yelp .
By June 2005 , Yelp had 12,000 reviewers , most of them in the Bay Area .
In November , Stoppelman went back to the VCs and bagged $ 5 million from Bessemer Venture Partners .
He used the money to throw more parties and to hire party planners --
Yelp calls them community managers -- in New York , Chicago , and Boston .
The company now employs 40 of these people .
As Yelp 's influence grew , bars and restaurants were increasingly willing to host the parties -- which involves giving away drinks , food , and space -- in the hope that the crowds would come back and write positive reviews .
By the summer of 2006 , Yelp had amassed 100,000 reviews and was attracting more than a million users a month .
That June , the San Francisco Chronicle called it " San Francisco 's online ' it ' guide for what 's hot and not . "
Around the same time , potential acquirers came calling .
Neither Stoppelman nor Levchin will discuss specifics , but they acknowledge that a large technology company offered to buy the then - 30 - person company in 2006 .
Yelp turned down the offer .
" It was a tough call , and it was contentious at the board level , " says Stoppelman .
" Because if we said no , we 'd have to build a real company . "
Building a real company meant creating a sizable sales force .
With an additional $ 10 million raised from Benchmark Capital at the end of 2006 , Stoppelman set up call centers full of salespeople in New York and San Francisco .
Today , 150 young people spend their days cold calling businesses that have been reviewed .
For prices that range from $ 300 to $ 500 a month , advertisers get to pick a " favorite review " that appears at the top of their Yelp page , which can help a company with some bad reviews create the impression that it is beloved by its customers .
Yelp advertisers can also elect to have their ads appear when someone searches for local businesses in their industry or on the Yelp pages of their competitors .
The pitch has proved reasonably popular -- Grossman told me that a typical Yelp salesperson generates at least $ 8,000 in monthly billings -- but it has also attracted controversy .
Some business owners have reported seeing their Yelp ratings fall after they declined to buy advertising .
The rumblings came to the surface in a 2009 article that appeared in the East Bay Express , a weekly newspaper in Oakland , California .
The article , " Yelp and the Business of Extortion 2.0 , " suggested that Yelp salespeople , like Mafia foot soldiers , were threatening businesses with bad reviews if they did not buy a sponsorship package .
Stoppelman denies the charges .
But the suspicion and anger are symptomatic of a larger problem , namely that Yelp 's algorithm is a mystery to nearly everyone outside the company .
Stoppelman says this is necessary to prevent business owners from hiring shill reviewers , but nearly every business owner I spoke with in reporting this story complained of being caught in the crossfire .
" We 've had some positive reviews suddenly disappear , " says Laurie Lavy , the owner of an upscale home furnishings store in Phoenix .
" They say it 's the algorithm .
But the whole thing is weird . "
I met Lavy , and two dozen other business owners who had been touched in one way or another by Yelp , after traveling to Phoenix , which is something of a frontier for Yelp .
Yelp plans to open a sales office in Phoenix later this year , but right now , the lone face of the company 's Arizona operation is a community manager named Gabi Messinger , a compact , bubbly woman of 35 .
As far as I could tell , being a Yelp community manager consists mostly of sending little messages of encouragement to users .
Messinger has sent thousands of the messages , with bromides such as " cute pic " or " great review . "
" When I send a compliment , it encourages other people to do the same , and that creates the culture . "
Being a model Yelper for Messinger also means setting an example of openness .
She has written reviews of two sex shops and two gynecologists ( " There are not too many people I trust to go ' down there , ' but Dr. Bartels and Dr. Webb are on that list ! " ) .
It also means engineering a seemingly endless series ofparties and outings .
One afternoon in November , I joined Messinger as she called on a number of businesses that had participated in a Yelp promotion earlier in the year , giving discounts on such things as haircuts and massages to Yelpers .
Our first stop was the Root , a salon in downtown Phoenix .
The owner , Lauren Hart , a 48 - year - old with short black hair , took a break from wrapping a customer 's blond locks in foil to tell me about how she came to love the Web .
" Two and a half years ago , I did n't know how to turn on my computer , " says Hart .
" I thought the Internet was something for my kids . "
Things started to change when a new customer mentioned to Hart that she had found the salon on Yelp .
" When you 're in a trend - driven business , if you 're not keeping up with the trends , you 're just going to get old with your clientele and die , " says Hart .
She lifted the ban on Internet usage in the office , took a basic computer class at the Apple Store , and showed up at one of the monthly meetings Messinger holds for business owners .
Today , the Root offers deals on its
Yelp page -- anyone who mentions the site might get a free conditioning treatment -- to attract new clients , and Hart tries obsessively to avoid negative reviews .
When a new client makes an appointment and mentions
Yelp , Hart generally checks to see if the person has a profile on the site .
If the Yelper has written bad reviews , Hart will make sure she personally cuts the customer 's hair .
Hart responds to every review -- which in 29 out of 30 cases has meant saying thank you .
Like every business owner , however , Hart can not help focusing on the rare exceptions .
" I 've had one negative review , " she says .
" The customer called in and wanted the owner , and when she came in , I could tell she was n't my type . "
The new client seemed edgier than Hart 's typical clientele .
Hart cut the woman's hair , and at 2 o'clock the next morning , Hart received an automated e-mail about a new review : two stars .
She was devastated .
" The fact is , I can walk out this door and trip over salons , " she says .
" A bad review would be horrible .
In this economy , good enough is n't good enough . "
But unlike Goodman , the bookstore owner , Hart kept her head .
She composed an apologetic reply , and , using her Yelp account , sent a private message to the dissatisfied customer .
Hart suggested a competing salon and offered to pay for a second haircut there .
The result ?
The two - star review became a four - star review .
( For more on how to respond to a bad review , see " Take a Deep Breath . " )
Hart told me that if a junior stylist were to get a review below three stars , she would consider firing the stylist .
" My girls flinch every time we get one of those e-mails , " she says .
And yet Hart loves Yelp .
Amid a recession that has been disastrous for most retail businesses , sales at the Root have grown 148 percent compared with last year's .
Meanwhile , the Yelp traffic --
Hart says she gets two or three new customers every day -- has allowed her to stop advertising in the local neighborhood newspaper , which had cost her $ 400 a month .
Apart from the services and discounts she offers Yelpers , she has n't paid Yelp a penny .
" There are a lot of business owners who feel like Yelp reviews just happen , " she says .
" But it 's not true .
Responding to reviews , giving offers , maintaining your page -- it all makes a huge difference . "
If Hart 's story shows what 's possible when business owners embrace Yelp , it also helps explain why some yearn for a world in which a single mishap might go unnoticed and in which a business 's employees do n't have to live in terror of customers ' comments .
Though the Yelp users I met in the course of reporting this story seemed well intentioned enough -- some were amateur writers who enjoyed the creative process of composing a review ; others used the site to find like - minded friends -- it 's impossible to write a negative Yelp review without experiencing the thrill of righteous indignation .
One Yelp Elite member in San Francisco , a man who has written more than 100 Yelp reviews , told me , " I write reviews to screw over businesses I do n't like . "
This makes sense , when you think about it .
American society has , for more than a century , been defined by corporate power , and the Internet has upset that balance , mostly for the good .
When someone sends a Twitter message about his baggage being lost by a large , publicly traded airline -- " Delta sucks ! " -- it 's hard to argue that this is a bad thing .
Delta does suck in that instance .
And Delta can take it .
But Yelp encourages people to be unsparing in their critiques of companies that can't take it -- companies that are small , independent , and not particularly profitable .
The site capitalizes on our impulses to take down the Man , but , in doing so , turns us against mom-and - pop businesses -- already hit by globalization , consolidation , and a recession .
At its best , Yelp is meritocratic , helping good businesses like Lauren Hart 's to thrive .
At its worst , Yelp empowers people who do not need to be empowered at the expense of those who are already struggling .
There 's a lot of insanity in Diane Goodman 's story , but there 's also this truth : Review sites can be unbelievably cruel .
On some level , Stoppelman seems to know this .
In 2008 , the company gave business owners the ability to respond privately to reviews .
Last year ,
Yelp allowed businesses to publicly confront their critics .
" The main thing we 've done is try to do a better job reaching out to the local business community , " says Stoppelman , who regards entrepreneurs ' anger as a source of great disappointment .
" The most frustrating thing is talking to owners who say , ' Yelp has been great , ' and then they think for a minute and remember the one negative review .
I understand that people want to be heard , but you 're meeting the Yelp founder , and all you want to talk about is a single review that does n't even matter in the grand scheme of things .
I do n't understand that . "
There 's arrogance in this remark , but Stoppelman 's suggestion that business owners simply move past their bad reviews has merit .
Yelp is not your friend ; it 's your critic .
And if it became your friend -- by , say , censoring angry reviews -- customers would probably abandon it for a site that allowed them to more fully express themselves .
Or they could just post an angry blog , tweet , or Facebook message .
Questions about whether Yelp is good or bad are academic .
" I do n't like Yelp , but I realize I can't do anything about it , " Diane Goodman says near the end of our conversation .
She tells me that though she does n't regret going to Clare 's house , she does understand why he might have felt threatened .
" I 'm sorry I wrote those mean things , " she says .
" If I read those e-mails , I 'd probably think I was crazy , too . "
Goodman 's case may be extreme , but business owners all over the country are struggling with this new order .
" I sometimes wish these people who tee off on you would have to divulge where they worked so I could criticize them , " says Julian Wright , the owner of La Bocca , a restaurant in Tempe , Arizona .
" But the reviews help us get better faster . "
Brad Keeling , the owner of a chain of dry cleaners , says Yelp reviews are to be heeded .
" It 's the public 's opinion , and I do n't mind hearing it , " says Keeling .
When someone criticizes him , he defends himself or simply apologizes .
In several cases , he has been able to get customers to remove or at least revise their bad reviews .
He estimates that 10 percent of new customers find him on Yelp .
" Ignoring Yelp gets you nothing , " he says .
" You can't hate the future . "
Of course , it 's easy to see why so many business owners , faced with millions of Yelpers , each capable of ruining or at least damaging a business , choose to look on the bright side .
Jane Reddin , who owns a crafts store in Phoenix , complains to me for 10 minutes straight about Yelp , assailing the company 's business model , its arrogant salespeople , and the stupidity of the average Yelp reviewer .
" They do n't know what they 're talking about , " she says .
" It 's as if they 're complaining that the gazpacho is cold . "
So , I ask , you 're not the biggest fan of Yelp ?
She protests .
" That 's not what I 'm saying at all , " she says .
" I adore the community aspect of Yelp . "
She thinks the Yelpers are an asset to the Phoenix business community .
She is a happy user of Yelp and has written 38 reviews , most recently giving five stars to Oliver & Annie , a pet store .
Reddin pauses for a second , puts a hand on my shoulder , and smiles .
" Can you imagine if I said something negative in a national magazine about Yelp , " she says .
" What would happen to my reviews ? "
10 MEMORABLE HOMER SIMPSON QUOTES
• " To alcohol !
The cause of - and solution to - all of life 's problems ! "
• [ Reading computer manual ]
" To start , press any key .
Where 's the ' Any ' key ? "
• " Kids , you tried your best and you failed miserably .
The lesson is , never try . "
• " I want to share something with you :
The three little sentences that will get you through life .
Number 1 : Cover for me .
Number 2 : Oh , good idea , Boss !
Number 3 : It was like that when I got here . "
• " I have feelings too - like ' My stomach hurts ' or ' I 'm going crazy '
• " Sensitive love letters are my specialty .
' Dear Baby , Welcome to Dumpsville .
Population : you . ' "
• " Pffft , English .
Who needs that ?
I 'm never going to England . "
• Homer : " Well , he 's got all the money in the world , but there 's one thing he can't buy . "
Marge : " What 's that ? "
Homer : [ thinks ]
" A dinosaur . "
• Marge : " Homer , the plant called .
They said if you do n't show up tomorrow do n't bother showing up on Monday . "
Homer : " Woo - hoo !
Four - day weekend ! "
• " D'oh ! "
10 MEMORABLE BLACKBOARD QUOTES
• I will not yell ' She 's dead ' during roll call .
• I will not surprise the incontinent .
• SpongeBob is not a contraceptive .
• My butt does not deserve a website .
• Fish do not like coffee .
• I will not laminate dog doo .
• Frankincense is not a monster .
• The capital of Montana is not " Hannah " .
• Silly string is not a nasal spray .
• Nobody reads these anymore .
The similarities between China today and Japan in the 1980s may look ominous .
But China ’s boom is unlikely to give way to prolonged slump
Illustration by Derek Bacon
Correction to this article
CHINA rebounded more swiftly from the global downturn than any other big economy , thanks largely to its enormous monetary and fiscal stimulus .
In the year to the fourth quarter of 2009 , its real GDP is estimated to have grown by more than 10 % .
But many sceptics claim that its recovery is built on wobbly foundations .
Indeed , they say , China now looks ominously like Japan in the late 1980s before its bubble burst and two lost decades of sluggish growth began .
Worse , were China to falter now , while the recovery in rich countries is still fragile , it would be a severe blow not just at home but to the whole of the world economy .
On the face of it , the similarities between China today and bubble - era Japan are worrying .
Extraordinarily high saving and an undervalued exchange rate have fuelled rapid export - led growth and the world 's biggest current - account surplus .
Chronic overinvestment has , it is argued , resulted in vast excess capacity and falling returns on capital .
A flood of bank lending threatens a future surge in bad loans , while markets for shares and property look dangerously frothy .
Just as in the late 1980s , when Japan 's economy was tipped to overtake America's , China 's strong rebound has led many to proclaim that it will become number one sooner than expected .
In contrast , a recent flurry of bearish reports warn that China 's economy could soon implode .
James Chanos , a hedge - fund investor ( and one of the first analysts to spot that Enron 's profits were pure fiction ) , says that China is “ Dubai times 1,000 , or worse ” .
Another hedge fund , Pivot Capital Management , argues that the chances of a hard landing , with a slump in capital spending and a banking crisis , are increasing .
Scary stuff .
However , a close inspection of pessimists ' three main concerns — overvalued asset prices , overinvestment and excessive bank lending — suggests that China 's economy is more robust than they think .
Start with asset markets .
Chinese share prices are nowhere near as giddy as Japan 's were in the late 1980s .
In 1989 Tokyo's stockmarket had a price - earnings ratio of almost 70 ; today 's figure for Shanghai A shares is 28 , well below its long - run average of 37 .
Granted , prices jumped by 80 % last year , but markets in other large emerging economies went up even more : Brazil , India and Russia rose by an average of 120 % in dollar terms .
And Chinese profits have rebounded faster than those elsewhere .
In the three months to November , industrial profits were 70 % higher than a year before .
China 's property market is certainly hot .
Prices of new apartments in Beijing and Shanghai leapt by 50 - 60 % during 2009 .
Some lavish projects have much in common with those in Dubai — notably “ The World ” , a luxury development in Tianjin , 120 km ( 75 miles ) from Beijing , in which homes will be arranged as a map of the world , along with the world 's biggest indoor ski slope and a seven - star hotel .
Average home prices nationally , however , cannot yet be called a bubble .
On January 14th the National Development and Reform Commission reported that average prices in 70 cities had climbed by 8 % in the year to December , the fastest pace for 18 months ; other measures suggest a bigger rise .
But this followed a fall in prices in 2008 .
By most measures average prices have fallen relative to incomes in the past decade ( see chart 1 ) .
The most cited evidence of a bubble — and hence of impending collapse — is the ratio of average home prices to average annual household incomes .
This is almost ten in China ; in most developed economies it is only four or five .
However , Tao Wang , an economist at UBS , argues that this rich - world yardstick is misleading .
Chinese homebuyers do not have average incomes but come largely from the richest 20 - 30 % of the urban population .
Using this group 's average income , the ratio falls to rich - world levels .
In Japan the price - income ratio hit 18 in 1990 , obliging some buyers to take out 100 - year mortgages .
Furthermore , Chinese homes carry much less debt than Japanese properties did 20 years ago .
One - quarter of Chinese buyers pay cash .
The average mortgage covers only about half of a property 's value .
Owner - occupiers must make a minimum deposit of 20 % , investors one of 40 % .
Chinese households ' total debt stands at only 35 % of their disposable income , compared with 130 % in Japan in 1990 .
China 's property boom is being financed mainly by saving , not bank lending .
According to Yan Wang , an economist at BCA Research , a Canadian firm , only about one - fifth of the cost of new construction ( commercial and residential ) is financed by bank lending .
Loans to homebuyers and property developers account for only 17 % of Chinese banks ' total , against 56 % for American banks .
A bubble pumped up by saving is much less dangerous than one fuelled by credit .
When the market begins to crack , highly leveraged speculators are forced to sell , pushing prices lower , which causes more borrowers to default .
Even if China does not ( yet ) have a credit - fuelled housing bubble , the fact that property prices in Beijing and Shanghai are beyond the reach of most ordinary people is a serious social problem .
The government has not kept its promise to build more low - cost housing , and it is clearly worried about rising prices .
In an attempt to thwart speculators , it has reimposed a sales tax on homes sold within five years , has tightened the stricter rules on mortgages for investment properties and is trying to crack down on illegal flows of foreign capital into the property market .
The government does not want to come down too hard , as it did in 2007 by cutting off credit , because it needs a lively property sector to support economic recovery .
But if it does not tighten policy soon , a full - blown bubble is likely to inflate .
The world 's capital
China 's second apparent point of similarity to Japan is overinvestment .
Total fixed investment jumped to an estimated 47 % of GDP last year — ten points more than in Japan at its peak .
Chinese investment is certainly high : in most developed countries it accounts for around 20 % of GDP .
But you cannot infer waste from a high investment ratio alone .
It is hard to argue that China has added too much to its capital stock when , per person , it has only about 5 % of what America or Japan has .
China does have excess capacity in some industries , such as steel and cement .
But across the economy as a whole , concerns about overinvestment tend to be exaggerated .
Pivot Capital Management points to China 's incremental capital - output ratio ( ICOR ) , which is calculated as annual investment divided by the annual increase in GDP , as evidence of the collapsing efficiency of investment .
Pivot argues that in 2009 China 's ICOR was more than double its average in the 1980s and 1990s , implying that it required much more investment to generate an additional unit of output .
However , it is misleading to look at the ICOR for a single year .
With slower GDP growth , because of a collapse in global demand , the ICOR rose sharply everywhere .
The return to investment in terms of growth over a longer period is more informative .
Measuring this way , BCA Research finds no significant increase in China 's ICOR over the past three decades .
Mr Chanos has drawn parallels between China and the huge misallocation of resources in the Soviet Union , arguing that China is heading the same way .
The best measure of efficiency is total factor productivity ( TFP ) , the increase in output not directly accounted for by extra inputs of capital and labour .
If China were as wasteful as Mr Chanos contends , its TFP growth would be negative , as the Soviet Union 's was .
Yet over the past two decades China has enjoyed the fastest growth in TFP of any country in the world .
Even in industries which clearly do have excess capacity , China 's critics overstate their case .
A recent report by the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China estimates that in early 2009 the steel industry was operating at only 72 % of capacity .
That was at the depth of the global downturn .
Demand has picked up strongly since then .
The report claims that the industry 's overcapacity is illustrated by “ a startling figure ” : in 2008 , China 's output of steel per person was higher than America's .
So what ?
At China 's stage of industrialisation it should use a lot of steel .
A more relevant yardstick is the America of the early 20th century .
According to Ms Wang of UBS , China 's steel capacity of almost 0.5 tonnes per person is slightly lower than America 's output in 1920 ( 0.6 tonnes ) and far below Japan 's peak of 1.1 tonnes in 1973 .
Many commentators complain that China 's capital - spending spree last year has merely exacerbated its industrial overcapacity .
However , the boom was driven mainly by infrastructure investment , whereas investment in manufacturing slowed quite sharply ( see chart 2 ) .
Given the scale of the spending , some money is sure to have been wasted , but by and large , investment in roads , railways and the electricity grid will help China sustain its growth in the years ahead .
Some analysts disagree .
Pivot , for instance , argues that China 's infrastructure has already reached an advanced level .
It has six of the world 's ten longest bridges and it boasts the world 's fastest train ; there is little room for further productive investment .
That is nonsense .
A country in which two - fifths of villages lack a paved road to the nearest market town still has plenty of scope for building roads .
The same goes for railways .
Again , a comparison of China today with the America of a century ago is pertinent .
China has roughly the same land area as America , but 13 times more people than the United States did then .
Yet on current plans it will have only 110,000 km of railway by 2012 , compared with more than 400,000 km in America in 1916 .
Unlike Japan , which built “ bridges to nowhere ” to prop up its economy , China needs better infrastructure .
It is true that in the short term , the revenue from some infrastructure projects may not be enough to service debts , so the government will have to cover losses .
But in the long term such projects should lift productivity across the economy .
During Britain 's railway mania in the mid-19th century , few railways made a decent financial return , but they brought huge long - term economic benefits .
The biggest cause for worry about China is the third point of similarity to Japan : the recent tidal wave of bank lending .
Total credit jumped by more than 30 % last year .
Even assuming that this slows to less than 20 % this year , as the government has hinted , total credit outstanding could hit 135 % of GDP by December .
The authorities are perturbed .
This week they increased banks ' reserve requirement ratio by half a percentage point .
They have also raised the yield on central - bank bills .
However , too many commentators talk as if Chinese banks have been on a lending binge for years .
Instead , the spurt in 2009 , which was engineered by the government to revive the economy , followed several years in which credit grew more slowly than GDP ( see chart 3 ) .
Michael Buchanan , of Goldman Sachs , estimates that since 2004 China 's excess credit ( the gap between the growth rates of credit and nominal GDP ) has risen by less than in most developed economies .
Even so , recent lending has been excessive ; combined with overcapacity in some industries , it is likely to cause an increase in banks ' non-performing loans .
Ms Wang calculates that if 20 % of all new lending last year and another 10 % of this year 's lending turned bad , this would create new bad loans equivalent to 5.5 % of GDP by 2012 , on top of 2 % now .
That is far from trivial , but well below the 40 % of GDP that bad loans amounted to in the late 1990s .
Much of the past year 's bank lending should really be viewed as a form of fiscal stimulus .
Infrastructure projects that have little hope of repaying loans will end up back on the government 's books .
It would have been much better if such projects had been financed more transparently through the government 's budget , but the important question is whether the state can afford to cover the losses .
Official gross government debt is less than 20 % of GDP , but China bears argue that this is an understatement , because it excludes local - government debt and the bonds issued by the asset - management companies that took over banks ' previous non-performing loans .
Total government debt could be 50 % of GDP .
But that is well below the average ratio in rich countries , of around 90 % .
Moreover , the Chinese government owns lots of assets , for example shares of listed companies which are worth 35 % of GDP .
Yin and yang
Even if , as argued above , concerns about a financial crash in China are premature , the risks of a dangerous bubble and excessive investment will clearly increase if credit continues to expand at its recent pace .
The stitching on the Chinese economy could fray and burst .
Would that imply the end of China 's era of rapid growth ?
Predictions that China is heading for a prolonged Japanese - style slump ignore big differences between China today and Japan in the late 1980s .
Japan was already a mature , developed economy , with a GDP per person close to that of America .
China is still a poor , developing country , whose GDP per person is less than one - tenth of America 's or Japan's .
It has ample room to play catch - up with rich economies by adding to its capital stock , importing foreign technology and boosting productivity by shifting labour from farms to factories .
This would make it easier for China to recover from the bursting of a bubble .
Chart 4 examines the relationship between growth rates and income per head for six Asian economies .
Each plot shows a country 's growth rate and GDP per person relative to America 's for successive ten - year periods , starting when their rapid growth took off .
It illustrates how growth rates slow as economies catch up with America , the technological leader .
The fact that China 's GDP per head is much lower than Japan's in the 1980s suggests that its growth potential over the next decade is much higher .
Even though China 's labour force will start shrinking after 2016 , rapid productivity gains mean that its trend GDP growth rate is still around 8 % , down from 10 % in the past decade .
Japan 's stockmarket and land - price bubbles in the early 1960s offer a better ( and more cheerful ) analogy to China than the 1980s bubble era does .
Japan 's economy was poorer then , although relative to America its GDP per person was more than double China 's today , and its trend rate of growth was around 9 % .
According to HSBC , after the bubble burst in 1962 - 65 , Japan 's annual growth rate dipped to just under 6 % , but then quickly rebounded to 10 % for much of the next decade .
South Korea and Taiwan , which experienced big stockmarket bubbles in the 1980s , are also worth examining .
In the five years to 1990 , Taipei 's stockmarket surged by 1,600 % ( in dollar terms ) and Seoul 's by 700 % , easily beating Tokyo's 450 % gain in the same period .
After share prices slumped , annual growth in both South Korea and Taiwan slowed to around 6 % , but soon regained its previous pace of 7 - 8 % .
The higher a country 's potential growth rate , the easier it is for the economy to recover after a bubble bursts , so long as its fiscal and external finances are in reasonable shape .
Rapid growth in nominal GDP means that asset prices do not need to fall so far to regain fair value , bad loans are easier to work off and excess capacity can be more quickly absorbed by rising demand .
The experience of Japan in the 1960s suggests that if China 's bubble bursts , it will hurt growth temporarily but not lead to prolonged stagnation .
However , it is Japan 's experience after the 1980s that most influences the thinking of policymakers in Beijing .
Many blame Japan 's deflation and its lost decades of growth on the fact that its government caved in to American demands for an appreciation of the yen .
In 1985 central banks in the big rich economies agreed , in the Plaza Accord , to intervene to push down the dollar .
By 1988 the yen had risen by more than 100 % against the greenback .
One reason why policymakers in Beijing have resisted a big rise in the yuan is that they fear it could send their economy , like Japan's , into a deflationary slump .
The wrong lesson
Illustration by Derek Bacon
Yet Japan 's real mistake was not that it allowed the yen to rise , but that it had previously resisted an appreciation for too long , so that when it did happen the yen soared .
A second error was that Japan tried to offset the adverse economic effects of a strong yen with over - lax monetary policy .
If policy had been tighter , the financial bubble would have been smaller and its aftermath less painful .
This offers two important lessons to China .
First , it is better to let the exchange rate rise sooner and more gradually than to risk a much sharper appreciation later .
Second , monetary policy should not be too slack .
Raising reserve requirements is a small step in the right direction .
Despite the bears ' growling , China 's economic collapse is neither imminent nor inevitable .
But if it continues to draw the wrong lesson from the tale of Japan , then one day its economy may look just as tatty .
Correction :
We quoted some figures from a UBS report , to the effect that “ China 's steel capacity of almost 0.5 kg per person is slightly lower than America 's output in 1920 ( 0.6kg ) and far below Japan 's peak of 1.1 kg in 1973 . ”
All those figures should have been tonnes , not kilograms .
This was corrected on January 18th 2010 .
Tonsil Stones , also called tonsilloliths , are caused by a buildup of sulfur - producing microorganisms and food fragments that become stuck in the tonsils .
When these fragments mingle with the Volatile Sulfur Compounds created by the anaerobic bacteria under the surface of your tongue , they can generate chronic halitosis and stones .
They can also be the cause of sore throats .
Though to be sure , take a look at some of these sore throat remedies as well .
Tonsillectomies become progressively more risky as we get older , but excluding that , even if you have your tonsils removed , you will most likely still have bad breath , thanks to the bacteria in your mouth .
The tonsil crevasse , or crypts in the rear of the mouth are where these pieces of calcareous matter form .
Left alone , this can become a source of tonsil blisters .
It is speculated that they are the product of a combination of any of the following :
Food fragments
Dead white blood cells
Oral microorganisms , possibly from mouth breathing
Overactive salivary glands
The tonsils are lookouts , standing guard at the rear of the throat to defend the fragile tissues of our lungs and intestines from foreign invaders .
Many times , tonsil stone care is n’t even necessary .
Most people swallow the debris without even noticing it , while it is still tiny .
They are quite common however , and most people who develop them have no associated symptoms .
Here is the starter kit I used to eliminate my tonsil stones for good .
Getting rid of tonsil stones and bad breath caused by food particles
More then anything , tonsilloliths are mainly little more then nuisances .
Some people cough them up when they ’re dislocated from the tonsils .
If you ’re not so lucky , there are other methods .
Removing them is tough , but it can be done .
You can try to do it by dislodging them with your toothbrush or a finger ( ouch ) !
Another option is to use a Q - tip .
A last method is flushing them out with a water pik , which is a pressurized dental irrigator .
The water pik can also be used to get food stuck in tonsils , and rinse food particles from between the teeth .
This is said to work better than flossing .
There are also special sprays and nasal drops you can use to prevent them .
Tonsil stones are typically white , or whitish - yellow , irregularly shaped , foul smelling , and usually smaller than a pea .
You may also have a white tongue to go along with them .
A tonsillectomy is the only definite method of getting rid of them , but good tonsil stone care includes non-surgical options you should certainly pursue before you ask an ENT to remove your tonsils :
You could try gargling frequently with warm salt water
Some people prefer to gargle with a mouthwash called Alkalol , which is basically salt water combined with various natural aromatic extracts
Some dentists will put you on a long course of antibiotics in the hope that this will allow the tonsils to settle down
If you want to know hot to prevent tonsilloliths and the bad breath associated with them , you should use an oxygenating toothpaste and mouthwash , and a tongue scraper to effectively neutralize the anaerobic bacteria at the back of the tongue .
Here is the starter kit I used to eliminate my tonsil stones for good .
Talk to the leads who are interested in your service .
We transfer interested prospects by phone .
You do n’t have to reach out to your leads , our leads will call you !
There ’s no better leads than a live call with a prospect ready to buy your service .
We only send a live lead if it fits your predetermined needs .
Personal memorandum for studying functional languages , theorem proving , and formal verification .
But other topics might be included .
Written in Japanese ( Shift - JIS Encoding ) .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts
The biggest media markets in the world are the U.S. , Japan , and Germany .
The Nutcracker is the most popular ballet in the world .
Chuck Norris ’s first name is Carlos .
Mickey Mouse has a sister named Amelia Fieldmouse .
Music frisson is what you call the feeling when you get chills from a song .
Online advertisements currently show no signs of slowing down growth .
Digital spending has increased by 10 % since 2005 .
Breakdancing was created as a less lethal form of fighting in the 1970s .
The first themed LEGO set was Star Wars .
Spotify states that students from New York University mostly listen to hippie music .
Rapunzel from Tangled can be seen walking to Elsa ’s coronation in Frozen .
All costumes used in Game of Thrones are aged before being used for filming .
France approved children as young as 12 years old to watch Fifty Shades of Grey .
League of Legends Shaco quotes
‘ Why so serious ’ as a reference from ‘ The Dark Knight ’ .
Listening to sad songs can create positive emotions .
A new porn film is made in the U.S. every 39 minutes .
The patron saint of dancers , epilepsy , and actors is St. Vitus .
Common zombie lore states that the only way to kill a zombie is to smash its head .
One billion hours are watched daily on YouTube .
It took 70 days for the longest game of Monopoly to end .
Table of Contents 01 Entertainment Facts Infographics 02 Mickey
Mouse wears white gloves to make his hands visible when in front of his body .
03 The Human Torch was the first Marvel superhero ever created .
04 Selena Quintanilla is the Mexican - American Madonna . 05
All the characters in ‘ The Simpsons ’ have four fingers .
06 The Simpsons Bart is an anagram for the word brat .
07 One of DC / Vertigo ’s best selling fantasy series was the comic Sandman .
08 The artists for the game Magic : The Gathering was not all familiar with the fantasy genre .
09 Baby Yoda is not Yoda .
10 Laugh tracks used in television were mostly recorded during the 50s .
11 Noah Centineo did not originally plan to be an actor .
12 Quicksilver once challenged the Flash to a race and lost .
13 The actors in ‘ Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them ’ were required to attend a wand school .
14 Each Adventure
Time episode has a hidden snail waving in the background .
15 The two main characters from Rick and Morty are voiced by the same person .
16 Mario was given a mustache so that players could properly see his nose .
17 Donkey Kong is owned by Mario .
18 The cast of The Walking Dead holds dinners for cast members that pass away in the show .
19 Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg is the real name of famous YouTuber Pewdiepie .
20 One of the most medically accurate TV shows is Scrubs .
21 The controller of the PS1 represents the console ’s 3D graphics .
22 The first Gameboy could run for 30 hours straight with only two AA batteries .
23 The Punisher has once killed all Marvel superheroes and villains , including himself .
24 The first female Green Lantern was Jessica Cruz . 25 Princess Peach was featured on Forbes ' list of Wealthiest Fictional Billionaires .
26
There is now an official fifth teenage mutant ninja turtle .
27 The longest movie in the world runs for 85 hours .
28 Netflix outranks every single television network in the United States .
29 Matoaka is the real name of Pocahontas .
30 The three fairies from Sleeping Beauty inspired The Powerpuff Girls .
31 Marceline is the only character to not be featured in the pilot of Adventure Time .
32 Henry Cavill refused to take steroids to prepare for the role of Superman .
33 Pacman was created as a way of introducing more women to arcades in Japan .
34 Flappy Bird has been downloaded over 50 million times .
35 Stan Lee has stated that the correct form of spelling Spider - Man ’s name is with the hyphen .
36 Frozen 2 is the highest - grossing animated film of all time .
37 Japanese animation accounts for 60 % of the world ’s animated entertainment .
38 The first author to become a billionaire by writing books was J.K Rowling .
39 25 % of apps downloaded on smartphones are mobile games .
40 David Prowse is banned from all official Star Wars events .
41 The design for Pacman is inspired by pizza .
42 Keanu Reeves performed 95 % of his fight scenes by himself in John Wick : Chapter 2 . 43
Most stories that Disney adapt are originally much more horrifying .
44 Bebop and Rocksteady were added to the TMNT franchise for toy companies to sell more merchandise .
45 The longest television series of all time is an anime currently running over 7000 episodes .
46 Wade Wilson ’s childhood hero was Captain America .
47 Subscribing to Netflix lets you avoid over 160 hours worth of commercials a year .
48 The main characters in Spongebob Squarepants are based on one of the seven deadly sins .
49 Vin Diesel is also known for his voice talent .
50 Marvel ’s films have received better audience views than DC films .
51 DC ’s animated universe is more successful than Marvel .
Entertainment Facts Infographics
Mickey
Mouse wears white gloves to make his hands visible when in front of his body .
Here ’s a little more information regarding these entertainment facts .
Back in the day when each frame would be drawn by hand , gloves were drawn instead of bony hands to speed up the production .
Psychology also plays a small role in this .
Adding gloves to the character to make him seem more human - like as he is seen doing things that only people are normally able to do .
The Human Torch was the first Marvel superhero ever created .
In 1939 , the first issue of the human torch was released .
However , its original story was about an android that could control fire , not Johnny Storm .
Contrary to popular belief , Captain America was not the first comic that Marvel released .
His first issue was not made until the year 1941 .
Read also : 55 Lord of the Rings Facts To Rule Them All
Selena Quintanilla is the Mexican - American Madonna .
Selena Quintanilla was dubbed as such mainly due to her similar performing style and fashion choices .
For many , she was reminiscent of Madonna ’s early performing years .
The singer is also dubbed the Queen of Tejano and is known for partnering with Coca - cola .
All the characters in ‘ The Simpsons ’ have four fingers .
The only character to have five fingers in the show is God .
This may be mainly due to a common problem among animators when drawing fingers .
Four fingers are considered to be much easier to draw than five .
The Simpsons Bart is an anagram for the word brat .
Bart ’s real name is Bartholomew Jojo Simpson .
He is also the only one in his family not named after one of Groening ’s family members .
One of DC / Vertigo ’s best selling fantasy series was the comic Sandman .
The Sandman series was created by Neil Gaiman and Sam Keith and became one of the tentpole titles for DC comics more mature readers .
The series also received numerous awards and has become one of the most influential comics of all time .
The artists for the game Magic : The Gathering was not all familiar with the fantasy genre .
Most of the freelance artists that have worked on designing cards for the game did not have a vast knowledge of the fantasy genre .
During the process of designing a few cards , many of the artists were said to be unfamiliar with the terms used to call the creatures and artifacts of the game .
Perhaps watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy beforehand might help .
Baby Yoda is not Yoda .
Jon Favreau confirms that baby Yoda is not the same Yoda we are all familiar with from the original trilogy .
However , it has been confirmed that they are of the same species .
Read also : 55 Lord of the Rings Facts To Rule Them All
Laugh tracks used in television were mostly recorded during the 50s .
The more time passes by , the more likely it is that you are listening to the laughs of those that have already passed away when watching old shows .
However , sound engineers have recently begun updating their reels with computers which do n’t necessarily need actual people to record .
Noah Centineo did not originally plan to be an actor .
Originally , the young actor wanted to play soccer professionally .
An alternative career he also would have preferred was to be a drummer .
Quicksilver once challenged the Flash to a race and lost .
In several issues , the Flash and Quicksilver have raced against each other in the JLA / Avengers crossovers .
At times when the Flash did not have the speed force on his side , he lost to Quicksilver .
The actors in ‘ Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them ’ were required to attend a wand school .
All cast members were required to attend this course to learn all the proper ways of wand use to give the film an authentic magical feel .
However , Jude Law was the only one in the cast that did not take this course before the second film .
Instead , the actor had practiced numerous times with a twig during the holidays .
Each Adventure
Time episode has a hidden snail waving in the background .
At times the snail is visible and is seen interacting with the characters .
However , most of the time this snail is hidden somewhere in the background instead .
The two main characters from Rick and Morty are voiced by the same person .
Here ’s another one of our entertainment facts .
Justin Roiland often records
Rick ’s drunk voice while intoxicated as suggested by the creator Justin Roiland .
As of the recording of the second season , Roiland states that he has been drinking more occasionally to fulfill the role of Rick .
Read also : 55 Lord of the Rings Facts To Rule Them All
Mario was given a mustache so that players could properly see his nose .
Shigeru Miyamoto stated in an interview once that the original 8 - bit artwork for Mario was off .
When his nose was added , it was unclear where the placement was , as a result , the mustache was added to properly see his whole face .
Donkey Kong is owned by Mario .
In Donkey Kong Jr. , Mario is seen as an abusive owner while keeping Donkey Kong in a cage .
In Donkey Kong ’s video game , Mario is the villain .
The cast of The Walking Dead holds dinners for cast members that pass away in the show .
Before one of the main characters is killed off in the next filming , the cast hosts dinners in memory of their characters .
While all of them were emotional for the cast , it made them motivated to play out their best skills for their final role .
Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg is the real name of famous YouTuber Pewdiepie .
Pewdiepie was born in October of 1989 and is now married to Marzia Kjellberg .
He is mainly known for his comedic gaming videos on youtube and for being one of the most subscribed - to channels on the video - sharing platform .
One of the most medically accurate TV shows is Scrubs .
Scrubs has been ranked with an overall score of 9/10 for the accuracy of the medical show .
From how the residency training process is detailed to its realistic cases , Scrubs is your best pick if you want to see what hospital drama is really like .
The controller of the PS1 represents the console ’s 3D graphics .
During the time of its release , most consoles came with flat controllers or joypads .
As an attempt to stray from this norm , Triyu Goto designed the Playstation ’s iconic controller design .
Read also : 55 Lord of the Rings Facts To Rule Them All
The first Gameboy could run for 30 hours straight with only two AA batteries .
This was mainly due to its screen having just four shades of grey and backlight .
Because of this , the Gameboy became more useful than other portable consoles at the time .
Multiplayer gaming was also possible with the use of link cables .
The early Pokemon games were also one of the most popular games to use this feature .
The Punisher has once killed all Marvel superheroes and villains , including himself .
In a one - shot comic published in 1995 , the Punisher kills off every superperson in the Marvel universe .
The story shows how the Punisher avenges his family ’s death due to a fight between superheroes .
The first female Green Lantern was Jessica Cruz .
Jessica was first mentioned in the 20th issue of Green Lantern .
She is the first female of Earth to join the Green Lantern corps against her will .
Princess Peach was featured on Forbes ' list of Wealthiest Fictional Billionaires .
She was included on this list during the 2007 publication .
At the age of 23 , Princess Peach has a net worth of $ 1.3 billion .
There is now an official fifth teenage mutant ninja turtle .
In the current IDW Comics timeline , the fifth Ninja Turtle is revealed to be a female named Jennika .
Originally before her mutation , Jennika was a loyal member of the Foot Clan and Casey Jones love interest .
The longest movie in the world runs for 85 hours .
This movie is titled ‘ The Cure for Insomnia ’ which seems to be a fitting title for its run time .
This film was released in 1987 and only a few people have been able to sit through the entire film .
Read also : 55 Lord of the Rings Facts To Rule Them All
Netflix outranks every single television network in the United States .
This spells bad news for television networks as ratings continuously drop over time .
However , as Netflix increases in popularity , it will continuously add original series and content for its subscribers .
Matoaka is the real name of Pocahontas .
As it turns out , the name Pocahontas was a nickname all along .
Her name translates to ‘ The playful one ’ or the ‘ ill - behaved child ’ depending on the context of the translation .
The three fairies from Sleeping Beauty inspired The Powerpuff Girls .
Not only does the show take inspiration from their designs , but also the personalities of the three fairies .
The show centers three young superpowered preschoolers who save their city from evil monsters and creatures .
Marceline is the only character to not be featured in the pilot of Adventure Time .
Despite not being featured in the pilot episode , she is still considered to be one of the main characters of the show .
Marceline is the Vampire Queen and is also half - demon .
During her scenes in the show , she is often seen playing music with her Axe-bass .
Henry Cavill refused to take steroids to prepare for the role of Superman .
To get in shape in time to play the role of Superman , Cavill pushed his body to its limits and followed a strict regimen and meal plan .
While it is a common occurrence for actors to use steroids to get fit , Cavill refused for any kind of needle to touch him .
Other than that , he also requested to add minimal digital editing to his body as possible .
Pacman was created as a way of introducing more women to arcades in Japan .
The game was designed while keeping in mind the themes and colors that would appeal to women .
Iwatani , the creator of the game , had hoped that by doing so it would appeal to female audiences .
Hence also why the concept of eating was favored over a shooting game .
Read also : 55 Lord of the Rings Facts To Rule Them All
Flappy Bird has been downloaded over 50 million times .
In just a short period , the app was downloaded 50 million times .
This makes the game one of the most successful mobile games of all time .
Stan Lee has stated that the correct form of spelling Spider - Man ’s name is with the hyphen .
The hyphen is used to distinguish the webbed crusader from Superman .
This was a decision that Stan Lee had made with comic artist , Steve Ditko .
Frozen 2 is the highest - grossing animated film of all time .
The sequel has grossed over $ 1.325 billion in the global box office .
It has also pushed further than its prequel Frozen at $ 1.281 million .
Japanese animation accounts for 60 % of the world ’s animated entertainment .
Anime is so successful in Japan that today there are over 130 voice - acting schools in the country .
This specific type of animated entertainment is so popular that it is now a constant demand in over 65 different countries .
The first author to become a billionaire by writing books was J.K Rowling .
J.K
Rowling was deemed by Forbes to be the first author to become a US - billionaire by writing books .
In 2004 , she became the second - richest female entertainer and the 1062nd richest person in the world .
25 % of apps downloaded on smartphones are mobile games .
About 21 % of app downloads on Play Store ( Android devices ) and 25 % on Apple Store ( iOS ) are gaming apps .
Interestingly , 78 % of gamers are actually Android users .
Read also : 55 Lord of the Rings Facts To Rule Them All
David Prowse is banned from all official Star Wars events .
This was mainly due to George Lucas not being too fond of the actor .
Lucas states that there were no other reasons to ban him from official events other than because he thought he was too annoying .
The design for Pacman is inspired by pizza .
According to Iwatani , the design for Pacman was inspired by a pizza with a slice taken out from it .
He also rounded out the Japanese symbol for the mouth ( kuchi ) so that his design would appeal to women and younger players .
Keanu Reeves performed 95 % of his fight scenes by himself in John Wick : Chapter 2 .
The actor trained methodically to fulfill his role in the highly anticipated sequel .
He also spent a considerable amount of time training around the clock with numerous weapons .
Apart from his regular training schedule , he also took the time to practice his driving skills for the film .
Most stories that Disney adapt are originally much more horrifying .
Disney ’s films are well known for being heart - warming and they teach children life - lessons .
However , most of their origins are found to be much more horrifying than their princess adaptations .
Many of the original stories involve many bloodsheds and deaths of the main characters .
Some even involve murder , abuse , and sabotage .
Bebop and Rocksteady were added to the TMNT franchise for toy companies to sell more merchandise .
In the original TMNT comics , Bebop and Rocksteady were not introduced .
Instead , the due was created as part of a toy - line deal with Playmates .
At the time their toys were being made , not much backstory or personality was given into the two villains until they were introduced to the series .
The longest television series of all time is an anime currently running over 7000 episodes .
This series is called Sazae - san .
It was first published in 1946 and was given its animated adaptation in 1969 .
Apart from holding the Guinness World Record for the longest - running animated television series , it has also been adapted into many radio shows and theatrical plays .
Now that ’s entertainment facts .
Read also : 55 Lord of the Rings Facts To Rule Them All
Wade Wilson ’s childhood hero was Captain America .
A personal link between the two was strengthened by Wilson when he joined a super - soldier program .
Once Wilson had made a name for himself as Deadpool , Rogers became one of the few who treated him with empathy .
Subscribing to Netflix lets you avoid over 160 hours worth of commercials a year .
On national television , an estimated 38 commercials air every minute .
Statistics state that over 15 minutes of every hour is spent watching commercials and other advertisements .
The main characters in Spongebob Squarepants are based on one of the seven deadly sins .
Spongebob is lust , Plankton is Envy , Patrick is Envy , Sandy is Pride , Squidward is Wrath , Mr. Krabs is Greed , and Gluttony is Gary .
Spongebob Squarepants is one of the longest - running American animated series with its debut dating back to 1999 .
Vin Diesel is also known for his voice talent .
During his career as an actor , he has also lent his voice to numerous characters in films and series .
One of his most notable roles in voice acting is the voice of Groot from the Guardians of the Galaxy movies .
Other films his voice was included in are the Iron Giant , and Ralph Breaks the Internet .
Marvel ’s films have received better audience views than DC films .
Marvel has over 40 films under its name , each with remarkable reviews from both critics and fans .
However , with DC ’s live - action films , the critique is mainly of the negative spectrum .
This could be mainly due to how the storylines have been adapted and the initial take on its cinematic universes .
DC ’s animated universe is more successful than Marvel .
While Marvel may have the upper hand on the big screen , DC has only continued to grow in popularity for their animated works .
This could be mainly due to it being more loyal to the original comic books and having a more cohesive world than the DC cinematic universe .
The most popular animated adaptations are the Batman animated series and the Justice League adaptations .
Ukraine -- one of the top 10 countries most likely to fault -- will not be receiving a $ 3.5 billion , fourth - tranch of a loan it was slated to get from the IMF .
The issue , as the NYT reports , is the government 's inability to get spending under control .
In terms of the larger , global ramifications , Ukraine has n't been the concern of many folks -- not like Greece , Dubai , Ireland , and Spain have , anyway .
It wo n't be ripping apart any currency unions if it defaults ( thankfully ) .
But as we 've recently noted , the world is divided right now between those countries whose government can spend and borrow ( and where unemployment remains not that bad , for now ) and governments without that luxury , where things have gone down the tubes ( see : unemployment charts for Ireland and Spain ) .
In a sense , all science starts as science fiction -- in ideas that do n’t yet have the substance of fact .
“ What if ? ” is where both begin , and they move on through the culture in tandem in a mutually encouraging way .
In his bouncy new series “ Sci -Fi Science : Physics of the Impossible , ” premiering tonight on the Science Channel , self - described “ theoretical physicist and science - fiction fan ” Michio Kaku seeks to construct scientifically plausible if not currently practicable models for some of the cornerstones of speculative fiction , from making a light saber to traveling at warp speed to working out how to blow up the world .
Taking off from his 2008 bestseller , “ Physics of the Impossible : A Scientific Exploration of the World of Phasers , Force Fields , Teleportation , and Time Travel , ” it ’s a show for those of us who ca n’t necessarily do the math but can grasp the metaphors .
You might not understand , for instance , what it means to say ( as Wikipedia does ) that string field theory -- which Kaku co-formulated -- works “ by finding a collection of vertices for joining and splitting strings , as well as string propagators , that give a Feynman diagram - like expansion for string scattering amplitudes . ”
( I know what all those words mean individually but not in that order . )
But it is n’t hard to picture the universe as made up of vibrations , because we all vibrate or have cellphones that do ; or to picture parallel worlds , because we all dream ; or to grasp the fundamentals of teleportation , because we have all seen “ Star Trek ” ; or hyperspace , because we know about freeways ; or wormholes , because we ’ve played Chutes and Ladders .
Advertisement
Just so -- and in a sort of quantum way , one might say -- the show is at once fanciful and serious , with the science both fundamental to and incidental to the adventure .
Kaku seasons his narration with references to “ Star Wars , ” “ Stargate ” and Philip Pullman ’s “ His Dark Materials ” and couches his investigations in pop-cultural terms so that the question of parallel worlds raises the possibility of Elvis being alive somewhere ( and doing his laundry somewhere very much like here , helped by Kaku ) .
He travels to a body shop to observe a plasma cutter as he works out how to build a light saber -- lasers wo n’t do it -- and a glass blower to model a bridge between this universe and another .
Illustrative animations and various video gimmicks keep the issues clear , or clearer than they might be otherwise .
With his swept - back gray hair and sage mien , Kaku is a sort of dashing geek hero , a Carl Sagan for the Comic - Con generation , a handsome Yoda .
A writer of both popular and technical science often called upon to comment when science becomes news , he is clearly the man for this ( self - created ) job , having also built his own particle accelerator -- an atom smasher -- for his high school science fair .
( I think mine was “ How Ice Becomes Steam , ” and I believe heat was involved . )
Advertisement
When he has worked out a model to his satisfaction , he presents it to a few “ science - fiction fans , ” who tend remarkably to fit the stereotypes , to get their OK .
As if he would n’t -- a famous scientist with actual plans for a light saber .
( I mean , talk about validation . )
The physics are sound , according to the latest models , but the execution belongs to some future age when you can get the parts , not to mention the funding .
robert.lloyd@latimes.com
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
There are already a bunch of articles on how to get your indie game out there .
Kieron Gillen banged on about it .
Rob Fearon put a sarcastic twist on it .
Rodain Joubert 4 - paged the sucker .
Yet while each is giving it to the masses straight , it would appear that 's just not straight enough .
I 'm one of the editors at Indiegames.com , a sister site of Gamasutra and one dedicated to covering all the latest independent gaming news .
I receive roughly between ten and twenty emails a day , ranging from indie press releases to reminders about games to follow - ups on past correspondence .
The misconception that gaming sites wo n't want to cover your game because it's ' not important enough ' is slowly being lifted , and independent developers in general are beginning to realize that PR is actually a huge factor in selling your product .
This , however , does n't mean that developers are marketing their games correctly .
I receive a good number of emails a day which , quite frankly , go straight in the virtual bin , bouncing off the rim in the process .
It 's all well and good throwing me some information regarding your latest venture , but there are right ways to go about it , and then there are not - so - right ways .
Which got me thinking - while all the previously mentioned guides do a great job of pointing developers in the right direction , none of them really get right down to the nitty gritty and just simply spell it out .
Hence !
Nitty gritty time it is .
In this guide , I 'll be explaining exactly what it is you , the budding games developer , should be providing me , the eager games journalist , with .
Before I start , however , please be very much aware that certain aspects of this are going to be personal preference .
Clearly I cannot vouch for the entire games journalism industry , however I do believe that following these rules will at least give you a basis for which to build on .
And if all else fails , at least you 'll know how to contact IndieGames.com in future !
1 : The essentials
Before you even begin to think about spreading your news , there are certain bases you need covered .
The following may sound painfully obvious to some , yet I still constantly come across developers who have n't laid the foundations properly .
Said foundations are :
A website - either a developer site containing all your projects in one place , or a dedicated site for a single game .
Regarding whether or not it 's worth purchasing a real .com address or simply opting for a Blogger or Wordpress , my advice is get the .com .
It costs $ 15 a year and gives your outfit a sense of professionalism .
Of course , you can then go ahead and link a Wordpress blog to it .
A development blog - having a place where I can keep track of all the latest work on your title makes all the difference .
Provide screenshots , WIP videos , insights - it 's all good .
Just make sure it has a working RSS feed !
A trailer - once your game is good to go , you need a quality trailer to show it off in motion .
If you think you have the skills to do this yourself , by all means go ahead .
Just please , for the sake of everyone , follow these simple guidelines :
a . Do not accompany the action with generic dance / house / metal / screech music .
Find something which creates a satisfying atmosphere for what the viewee is witnessing .
You may even want to find someone to create an original soundtrack for your trailer .
For example , if 8 - bit sound and chiptune is your port of call , the 8 - bit Collective community are more than willing to help out games developers .
b . Do not spam the trailer with inane titles and movie - style narration .
I 'm watching your trailer to see the game , not a story about ' ONE MAN , ONE MISSION , THOSE HE LOVES ALWAYS LEAVE HIM ' .
c. Give it some style .
Do n't just record yourself running around one room in the game for three minutes - that is bound to be incredibly boring .
Show off the game 's best features , best puzzles , best effects .
d . Do not make it too long ( or too short , for that matter ) .
My personal attention span begins to wane around the two minute mark , so you may want to aim round about there .
( Optional ) A Twitter account - this one is n't exactly an essential , but it definitely can't hurt matters .
Many indie developers have taken to announcing big news about their various games on Twitter even before posting to their website , and Twitter has really come into its own as the source of independent gaming news over the last six months .
2 : Locate your points of attack
It 's time to storm the media battlefield .
There are a plethora of sites out there that cover indie games , including the likes of :
RockPaperShotgun
IndieGames
TIGSource
Play This Thing
Pixel Prospector
XNPlay ( for Xbox Live Indie Games )
Your best plan of attack ?
Be prepared to contact everyone .
If your game really is ' all that ' , then someone is bound to bite , right ?
3 : Write the email
Many developers get to this hurdle and end up with their face in the mud .
Writing a good email is the most tricky aspect of marketing your indie game .
It 's a minefield , and you will most definitely trip some of those explosives .
Hopefully , however , you can also cause some good explosions .
This is the part at which I have to humbly remind you again - what I 'm about to detail is , to my knowledge , personal preference .
I 'm going to give it to you straight regarding the format of your press release , and what I would like to receive .
This may or may not be what , say , John Walker at RockPaperShotgun wants , or Derek Yu at TIG deems suitable reading .
Yet I 'm going to go out on a limb and state that it really can't be that far from what others expect .
Let 's get started .
a . The subject line - Make this plain and simple , containing exactly what I need to know .
You can go for ' New Indie Game : MyGame ' or ' Indie Game Submission : MyGame ' or ' MyGame : a physics - based puzzler ' .
Do NOT , however , use lines like ' FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE : AN INCREDIBLE NEW INDIE GAMING EXPERIENCE ' or ' Badass Entertainment Press Release : MyGame Is Here ' .
You are not a robot , stop acting like one .
b. Say hi - some may say it 's not essential , but I beg to differ .
If I open up an email and it begins with ' Yada Interactive have teamed up with Blabla to bring you a gaming experience ...' , I 'm immediately put off .
Yet , if a message begins with a friendly ' Hey Mike , my name is Name Here and I just recently released MyGame ' , I 'm much more likely to take an interest .
Again , be a real human being !
c. Say your piece - now that you 've got the reader 's attention , tell them what it is you came to say quickly and to the point .
There are a number of different methods that work for me .
Some send a single paragraph which simply explains the point of the game .
Others opt for writing a few paragraphs and going into a little more details .
Both are perfectly reasonable as long as you explain exactly what kind of game you 're promoting , what the general idea behind the experience is and how exactly I can go about playing it , be it a link to a flash game or an Xbox redeem code .
When it comes to the question ' Should I ask whether they 'd like to receive my game or just send it straight away ? ' , a quote from Rob Fearon will do nicely here : ' Do n't hold off on review copies .
Do n't ask " would you like one ? " just bloody send it . '
d . Plant your links - it sounds so simple , but you'd be surprised by the number of developers who do n't provide links to their games in promotional emails .
The fact is , if I 've read what you have to say and feel interested in exploring more , I 'm going to go trigger - happy with my mouse on whatever you provide .
Links to your developer / company website , the game 's website , your development blog and the Xbox Marketplace page ( if it's an XBLIG / XBLA title ) are all essentials .
Of course , it goes without saying that you should make sure that all links are relevant !
e. Video and screenshots - as a general rule , I would always go with embedded images over attached .
It means the reader definitely sees them , and also adds a little colour to the email .
Another ' well duh ' moment , but make sure all screenies are hi-res !
Regarding your trailer , make sure you provide a link to either a page containing your video , or a direct link to it on Youtube / Vimeo etc .
Just to make this even easier to understand , I 'm now going to use the above guidelines to create a mock email .
Let 's say my name is Hank Scorpio , and I 've created a game called ' Be the Villain ' under the developer name Globex .
My email may go something like this :
From : [ email protected ]
To : [ email protected ]
Subject : Indie Game Submission : Be the Villain
Hey Tim and Mike ,
my name is Hank Scorpio and I create independent games under the name Globex .
I 've just released my latest indie title and I 'd love if you 'd check it out and consider featuring it on the IndieGames Blog .
The game is called ' Be the Villain ' and it's a spy vs spy real time strategy .
Featuring a single player campaign with over 50 missions , it 's set in a world similar to that of James Bond , but with a twist - for you control the enemy , plotting to take over the world !
The game is solely developed by myself , and features a full musical score and a unique 16 - bit graphical style .
A trailer can be found via Youtube here .
If you 're interested , the game can be found on my website under the Games tab .
Thanks for your time and I look forward to hearing from you !
Hank Scorpio
Globex
Simple , no ?
4 : Do n't give up , but do n't be a broken record either
So you 've sent your email off to various sites , and after a week no - one has responded .
Clearly they all hate your game , right ?
Unfortunately , your game may be well worth promoting , but for reasons unknown to you , the recipients just did n't spend the time checking it out enough .
That 's right - you may have done absolutely nothing wrong whatsoever , yet you 've STILL been given the cold shoulder .
The problem is this - real life .
Everyone is part of it .
Sometimes it makes you happy , and other times not so .
The truth is that the reader 's mood has quite a part in determining whether or not they 'll receive your gaming news in good spirits or not .
Catch them on a good day , and they may just want to take your game and put it on their site .
Contact them while they 're hungover , feeling irritated or just in a general bad mood and your chances become more slim .
It 's a horrible fact , and one which is completely out of your control .
Or is it ?
The key is to brush yourself off and give it one more try .
Do n't just resend the original email again , though .
Rewrite it ever so slightly , change the subject line , then power it back out there .
Maybe , just maybe , this time someone will be feeling good about life and give you a look - in .
Of course , if you hear nothing back a second time , it 's probably fair to say that people simply are not interested .
At this point you 're going to need different assistance .
Good luck with that .
Hopefully this guide has given you ideas on how to propel your project into the limelight .
A final note - never be disheartened .
Assuming you 're making games because it's a passion of yours , it really should n't matter to you whether your game is received with praise or not , as long as you 're creating exactly what you want to create .
After all , that 's the point of being ' indie ' , right ?
From CNN's State of the Union , yet another Republican joins the ranks of Lindsey Graham with saying spending on war is more important than passing the health care bill .
KING : Do you support a separate accounting , a separate war surtax ?
LUGAR : I believe there will be a separate accounting , but in any event , I think we will have to pay for it .
I would just make this suggestion , that in the three weeks of debate we still have ahead of us , we really ought to concentrate in the Congress on the war , on the overall strategy of our country and the cost of it .
And we ought to be on the budget .
Passing appropriations bills in a proper way .
Now in the course of that , we may wish to break out that .
We may wish to discuss higher taxes to pay for it .
But we 're not going to do that debating health care and the Senate for three weeks through all sorts of strategies and so forth .
The war is terribly important .
Jobs and our economy are terribly important .
So this may be an audacious suggestion , but I would suggest we put aside the health care debate until next year , the same way we put cap and trade and climate change and talk now about the essentials , the war and money .
Imagining 2020 # 4 : Green Crude by Pete Fowler
For The " Imagining 2020 Series " - Contribution # 4
Green Crude by Pete Fowler
I was very pessimistic until last year about our prospects of weaning off fossil fuels before reaching an irreversible tipping point .
Some positive feedback loop would kick in , like higher temperatures releasing trapped methane from arctic permafrost and seafloor sediments .
Increased atmospheric methane , about 30 times as potent a greenhouse gas as CO2 , would further raise temperatures .
End result ?
Within a few decades Earth would be as hot as Venus .
The whole of humanity would go the way of the civilisations described by Jared Diamond in Collapse , who could see they were on a track to self destruction but were unable to alter course .
In 2008 I read one of the most positive books ever written ; The Singularity Is Near , by Ray Kurzweil .
He points out that whichever way you measure the rate of technological change , it accelerates exponentially .
Moore ’s law for instance predicted in 1965 that artificial intelligence would double in complexity and halve in cost every two years .
It ’s held for the last 44 years , and if it continues to hold until 2020 , we ’ll then have machines approaching human intelligence .
Kurzweil maintains that right now , nanotechnology , genetic engineering and robotics are the main drivers of technological advance .
The production of crude oil from atmospheric CO2 and water will be mostly a triumph of genetic engineering .
Nature took hundreds of millions of years to produce the crude oil which , in about 200 years , we ’ll have exhausted .
If we can speed up this process , and produce all our liquid fuels and chemical industry feedstocks , and some stock feed and human food from atmospheric CO2 and waste , by a process many times as efficient as farming , without diverting farmland or native bush , on the same timescale as the rate at which we deplete fossil fuel , we ’ll have solved the problems of peak oil and global warming , and a few lesser problems .
Conventional biofuel production is n’t particularly efficient .
It requires fuel inputs for farm vehicles , and it either diverts farmland away from food production or destroys native bush .
Only an average 300 watts per square metre world wide of sunlight is available for photosynthesis , and natural photosynthesis is n’t a very efficient way to convert sunlight to chemical energy .
The most efficient fuel crop is sugar cane , fermented to ethanol .
It yields up to three harvests a year .
But it ’s labour and land intensive , requires fuel for farm machinery and transport , it increases the cost of food and only grows in the tropics .
Because all conventional crops need further processing in different places before they reach the petrol pump or dinner table , their total number of carbon kilometres is typically several times the distance round the world .
What ’s needed is a continuous process , not a batch process like conventional harvesting .
The world is running out of land suitable for conversion to farming .
An algae reactor can be set up on land which is unsuitable for farming or anything else , and can still produce more than 15 times as much fuel per hectare as canola or palms .
Unlike natural crude , it can yield a product free of contaminants like nitrogen , sulphur or benzene .
The first generation will use sunlight for their energy source , but later , as energy sources like pebble bed fission reactors and ultimately nuclear fusion become available , these will drastically increase yield .
Some natural cyanobacteria can double their mass every hour .
With genetic engineering , high temperature varieties , and varieties which fix their own nitrogen from the atmosphere are possible .
The obvious raw materials to use are untreated sewage and atmospheric CO2 , helping to solve two environmental problems .
Eventually , when energy sources other than sunlight are available , the demand for sewage will outstrip supply , and other sources of micronutrients will be needed .
But as with conventional agriculture , micronutrients are in principle recyclable .
All you need is a way to reclaim elements like phosphorus , sulphur , iron , molybdenum and the rest .
This is feasible with a bioreactor producing algae , but not on a conventional farm , where they drain away , and not only are they wasted , but they cause problems like nitrate in drinking water and eutrophication in waterways .
The only high tech part of producing green crude is the final step ; converting algae into oil .
There ’s no reason why bioreactors ca n’t be operated in the world ’s poorest countries , as well as everywhere else where a demand for the products exists .
Being a factory , rather than an outdoor farm operation , it can be conducted close to population centres , or anywhere else .
CO2 is available everywhere , and low - grade water supplies unfit for human consumption , almost everywhere .
An obvious location for a bioreactor is right next to a thermal power station , where there ’s waste CO2 , waste heat and transmission loss free electricity , but in principle one can operate anywhere .
The algae is harvested continuously , 24/ 7 .
Currently four technologies exist to extract the oil .
1 . Dry the algae and press the oil out .
This is the simplest method .
2. Dissolve the oil in a supercritical fluid like CO2 at high pressure .
When pressure is reduced the oil separates out and the CO2 is reused .
This is the most promising method .
3 . Hexane solvent .
Hexane , a hydrocarbon similar to petrol , dissolves the oil .
The hexane is then separated from the oil and reused .
4. Ultrasound breaks open the algae cells , and the oil is pressed out .
The remaining dry matter is a high protein stock feed .
A bioreactor producing algae which are processed into liquid fuels , foods and petrochemicals , is a machine for converting waste , including CO2 , into essential commodities which are getting scarcer every year .
The only input needed is energy .
It ’s a closed loop .
There is no waste and no collateral damage to the environment .
*************
The " Imagining 2020 " Series of articles is a creative commons discussion effort coordinated byScoop.co.nz , Hot-Topic.co.nz and Celsias.co.nz .
Contributions are welcome from all comers .
Please see the introduction editorial HERE for an explanation of the project and instructions for how to contribute .
© Scoop Media
Department of Homeland Security officials spent tens of millions of dollars to attend seminars and retreats including a FEMA meeting in Hawaii , an immigration conference in Singapore and an underwater tunnel protection gathering in London , just to name a few .
The detailed expenses are from an inspector general review requested by the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , who was concerned about the department and its spending practices .
The review said $ 110 million was spent from 2005 through 2007 for such meetings , including $ 50 million for salary expenses for more than 8,000 employees who attended the conferences .
“ With no one keeping track of conference spending at DHS , this $ 100 million binge is unacceptable , ” said Rep. Bennie Thompson , Mississippi Democrat .
“ DHS has a mission to protect the homeland , and to do that , legitimate travel is clearly appropriate . ”
The report , which was released Thursday evening , found there are no spending limits for the Homeland Security Department set by Congress or by internal regulation or agency policy , to determine how much can be spent to attend conferences .
The Coast Guard was the biggest spender at more than $ 30 million in a two - year period , followed by Immigration and Custom Enforcement , which spent more than $ 20 million in three years .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency spent nearly $ 18 million in a two - year period , including a May 2007 gathering at the Marriott on Waikiki Beach , which cost $ 176,094 .
“ What troubles me is extravagant spending when we need these funds to rebuild the Gulf Coast and strengthen border security , ” Mr. Thompson said .
The London conference on recent developments in underwater tunnel security cost $ 100,000 , and the IG reports only three participants attended the three - day event in June 2007 from the office of the Science and Technology Directorate .
The report also found that the department had a “ general inability ” to produce precise or consistent information , which gave “ little assurance that all conferences and costs were accounted for properly . ”
“ DHS officials said there is no reason to track conference expenditures because there are no spending restrictions , ” the report said .
Another official told the IG that the only benefit to tracking costs is so they can report it to Congress .
The department has “ a fiduciary and strategic responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls to achieve effective and efficient operations and reliable financial reporting . ”
The IG also found discrepancies in reports to Congress it said were “ unintentional . ”
For example , the IG found that $ 2 million more was spent in 2005 than initially reported .
It was reported that 13 FEMA employees attended the Hawaii conference , but the IG found that 32 employees attended .
The widest discrepancy came from a Coast Guard Aids to Navigation conference in Everett , Wash .
The agency reported 22 attendees , but the IG put the number at 175 .
The total cost for the conference was listed at less than $ 23,000 .
The IG made a dozen recommendations including new reporting and methodology procedures as well as cost - benefit analyses , with which the department concurred .
It also recommended that the undersecretary for management assume oversight responsibility of such conferences in the future .
“ It is encouraging to see that DHS has agreed to address all of the IG ’s findings , and we will convene oversight hearings next year to hold DHS accountable for instituting tighter controls on conference spending , ” Mr. Thompson said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
For a taste out of the ordinary , these recipes take the simple catfish and make it grand .
Crispy Onion Dijon Catfish -
INGREDIENTS -
4 ( 6oz ) catfish filets
1 finely chopped onion
1/4 cup Dijon honey mustard
garlic salt and pepper to taste
1 tsp dry parsley flakes
1 cup crushed corn flakes
DIRECTIONS -
Preheat oven to 350 degrees .
In a bowl , mix together finely chopped onion and mustard .
Season catfish filets with garlic salt and pepper to taste .
Coat fish with mustard / onion blend and place on baking tray .
Mix parsley flakes with crushed cornflakes .
Top fish evenly with cornflake mixture .
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes .
After 20 minutes , turn oven to broil and broil for an additional 3 to 5 minutes .
Great served with fragrant rice or couscous .
Creole Catfish -
INGREDIENTS -
1 lb. catfish filets
1 cup long - grained uncooked rice
2 cups water
1 can of Ro - Tel tomatoes
2 teaspoons finely chopped onion
1 finely chopped garlic clove
1 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules
1/8 teapoon hot pepper flakes
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
DIRECTIONS -
In a saucepan , bring 2 cups of water to a boil .
Stir in rice and bring to a second boil .
Reduce heat and cook for 20 minutes until rice is tender and water is absorbed .
Cut catfish into 3/4 inch pieces ( catfish nuggets can be used if desired ) .
Set aside .
In a medium saucepan , combine tomatoes with juices , chopped onions and garlic , oregano , pepper flakes and bouillon granules .
Bring to a boil and stir in catfish pieces .
Cover and cook for about 5 - 7 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork .
Serve over cooked rice .
Catfish Cakes -
INGREDIENTS -
1 pound catfish filets
1 finely chopped medium onion
1/4 cup chopped red pepper
1 teaspoon prepared yellow mustard
1 tablespoon mayo or creamy salad dressing ( Miracle Whip )
1/2 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning
1 egg
2 cups crushed buttery round crackers
1/4 cup canola oil
DIRECTIONS -
Season catfish filets with salt and pepper or to your liking .
Bake in 450 degree oven for 10 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with fork .
Mash or flake cooked catfish and mix with rest of the ingredients except the oil .
Heat oil in large skillet over medium high heat .
Form fish mixture into patties and cook in hot oil , turning once , until golden brown .
Great served with a large salad .
These recipes are easy and delicious and sure to be a hit in your family .
And for other great recipe resources go here - http://hubpages.com/_36otspfnata5l/hub/10-Best-Recipe-Websites
[ Editor 's note : Environmental law professor and Greenpeace veteran Michael M'Gonigle thinks it 's wrong to support any deal likely in Copenhagen , and wrote a letter explaining why to a colleague who is attending the summit .
The first part ran in yesterday 's Tyee .
Here is part two . ]
Bring in the Elephants
Idea # 10 : Biophysical Economics read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
So now that you understand my concerns about what is on the table at Copenhagen , I want to look at what is not .
I am not just referring to the so - called elephant in the room that stands there but no one acknowledges .
There 's a whole herd of elephants out there , and some of them are n't in the room at all .
To discuss the real structures driving climate change is not easy .
Many folks do n't even see them , and our institutions -- especially our education and the media -- work hard to keep it that way .
This cultural blindspot is especially acute in the U.S. , but it afflicts the whole of the industrialized world -- including the environmental movement .
At your meetings , those who understand " root causes " will want to save their discussions for the bar .
Talking about them in the Plenary is death if you want to be taken seriously .
But this is a mistake .
Consider again Gus Speth .
I mentioned his book The Bridge at the Edge of the World : Capitalism , the Environment , and Crossing from Crisis to Sustainability .
Speth is an inveterate Washington insider , a former head of the Council of Environmental Quality ( under Jimmy Carter ) who participated in numerous international treaty negotiations .
He is dean of Yale University 's School of Forestry and Environmental Studies .
His book is good , and his array of graphs is unsettling .
But his boldness lies in the first word of his subtitle : Capitalism .
Now that 's a no - no .
Is he questioning our economy , our way of life ?
After all , have we not just spent the last year trying to save Wall Street and GM ?
Have we not just invested a thousand thousand more days and dollars into that task than we are ever likely to see coming out of Copenhagen ?
The mother of all elephants : economic growth
Anyway , the topic is passé , is n't it ?
Our liberal democracy ( and its capitalist economy ) is really the only world worth having , the " end of history , " what all development is about , what everyone aspires to .
There is no conflict between the environment and the economy .
Whatever problems we may have can be solved if we just get more efficient with our energy use .
New technologies like carbon sequestration can do that .
And markets will work their magic if we can get the incentives right .
So let 's price carbon to force that market innovation , and let 's support " green " science to create these new technologies .
This is the brave new world of " ecological modernization " : we can have our cake ( economic growth ) and eat it too ( climate stability ) .
Indeed , economic growth is how we can afford to do all this , and markets are how we will direct it .
This is the official ideology of Copenhagen .
This is the agenda .
But there are some problems here .
First , what about all those other hockey stick trajectories of ecological decline -- like biodiversity loss , overfishing , deforestation , and water scarcity ?
Economic growth is n't going to fix these trends but make them worse .
Indeed , some of the " solutions " to climate change ( like nuclear power and hydroelectric power ) will directly exacerbate some of these problems .
Second , how can greater efficiency solve even climate change ?
Historically , economic growth has always depended on increasing energy use .
Beyond pure speculation , where is the evidence that an economy can keep growing without also expanding its levels of energy consumption and all the negative consequences that these expansions entail ?
The gains from technology may make us more efficient , for sure .
But to resolve the problem , they actually need to detach economic growth from energy growth .
This is the distinction between what the experts call " relative " decoupling ( greater efficiency ) from " absolute " decoupling ( energy - free economic growth ) .
This is a critical distinction , because if we can only achieve relative , but not absolute , decoupling , then as the economy grows , it will eventually catch up and surpass the gains made by efficiency .
As the years go by , it will become more and more difficult ( and costly ) to squeeze still more efficiency gains out of a limited supply .
Take cars , for example .
We can increase fuel economy , and we can shift to hybrid electrics .
And we can use our oil more wisely , stick up a million windmills , and dam another 100,000 rivers .
And we can grow , slowly steadily , year by year .
And then we will have more and more cars everywhere , and the oil is still going to run out , and there will be no more rivers left to dam , and no new places to take advantage of the wind .
Then what ?
Like Obama in Afghanistan , we should ask , " Where is the ' exit strategy ' ?
And when ? "
And what will the world look like when we face up to that inevitable exit ?
People rightly decry the Tar Sands proposals , for it is an egregious example .
But is not Copenhagen premised on a Tar Sands strategy writ large ?
Growth needs energy , and energy has costs .
Copenhagen 's most basic contradiction
Let me give you another example .
The Mekong River system in SE Asia is one of the world 's last great wild rivers .
It is hugely biodiverse , and its abundant fisheries support millions of communal inhabitants .
But to provide power for Bangkok , fuel industrial development and generate cash for the region 's " emerging " economies , the Mekong is slated for 55 dams .
This modernization is partly funded by , you guessed it , the Kyoto Clean Development Mechanism !
Driven by organizations like the World Bank and the IMF , no critical discussion is allowed in the region .
It 's just full steam ahead .
This is Copenhagen 's most basic contradiction .
Growth may keep the economic world stable , but in the now " full " world that we occupy ( for the first time in human history ) , growth causes more problems than it solves .
Growth has become self - defeating .
As a recent British government report put it :
" [ S ] implistic assumptions that capitalism 's propensity for efficiency will allow us to stabilize the climate and protect against resource scarcity are nothing short of delusional .
Those who promote decoupling as an escape route for the dilemma of growth need to take a closer look at the historical evidence -- and at the basic arithmetic of growth . "
This is the largest elephant in the room because the whole panoply of solutions on the table -- cap and trade , carbon taxes , clean development mechanisms , carbon offsets -- are all made to fit within capitalism and its growth imperative .
But doing without growth is not something anyone is prepared to consider .
Growth is the lifeblood of capitalism .
We simply dare not , cannot , talk about it .
This fatal contradiction has been many centuries in the making .
It 's no wonder that the planet is at stake .
And no wonder that no one is talking about it because we all depend on the systems constructed when the planet was not filled up .
We may all be on board the proverbial Titanic , and the captain may be drunk .
But if we ram the iceberg it 's not going to be just his fault , or even P& Os .
After all , it 's a bloody good party in the dining room , and no one really wants their conversation interrupted to storm the bridge .
Another glass of wine , please .
The father of all elephants : the state
But growth capitalism is not the only elephant in the room .
Plenary -- where all the contracting parties sit down together -- is actually full of elephants masking as the entities that we entrust to solve our problems , our governments .
Here again , the ( unnoticed and unspoken ) contradiction of the state itself is overwhelming .
Everyone is lobbying state representatives like mad to save us .
But the state is , in fact , the greatest global liquidator of them all .
Not Exxon or Cargill or CocaCola -- but every single government at Copenhagen .
Ever since the modern state took shape , governments have aided and abetted , subsidized and licenced , sold off and profited from resource destruction .
This liquidation makes economic growth possible -- and meaningful environmental regulation impossible .
When the world was replete with unexploited frontiers , governments could get away with it .
This is what colonialism was / is all about , the quest for space , for free resources and cheap labour that can enrich the homeland .
Everywhere governments provide the licences to scoop up the fish , the subsidies to the agribusiness giants , the tenures to clear - cut the forests , the highways to ...
You get the picture .
Globalization and free trade , by the way , are just the latest stage here , Western governments creating new rules for a full planet to ensure that every last morsel can be located and devoured by those with the power and organization to do so .
Copenhagen , incidentally , must fit within globalization , not challenge it .
The dependency of the state on this liquidation is near total .
For example , when natural gas prices tanked in the recession , the B.C. government lost $ 1 billion in resource revenues from that one resource alone .
The resulting deficit affected everyone down the line , from arts groups to the homeless .
When the Titanic dining room runs out of dessert , we passengers do n't like it .
Here , too , we can see how the financial crisis and the ecological crisis are inter -linked .
Resource consumption fuels growth , and when growth slows , financial debt steps in to get it all going again .
And when the " stimulus " takes hold , resource demands and prices go up , and ecological erosion picks up again .
So what can our poor governments do ?
They can make compromises that are n't really compromises .
And they can move at a glacial pace , even while the glacier is melting .
Trading off and hollowing out
Let me give you two ( local ) examples that nonetheless foreshadow what any government will , indeed , can do in Copenhagen .
First , consider how the whole history of environmental regulation is exactly this , half measures that are an inevitable product of a state committed to this double movement .
On the one hand , the commitment is to the structural need to liquidate its resources and environment to fuel its growth .
On the other hand , governments provide enough environmental protections to maintain their democratic legitimacy .
New parks -- sure , but put them on rock and ice .
Fish farms -- let 's study them , but issue more licenses in the meantime .
Carbon taxes for the election -- and tax exemptions for gas and airplane fuel thereafter .
Fly to Copenhagen for the photo - op , but first ensure that that pipeline from the Tar Sands and the supertanker port are on track .
China can't wait .
This is why many people talk about the " hollowing out " of the political , with no serious party able to challenge it .
All must move to the stimulus centre , and woe betides the party that tries to do otherwise .
Second , this double movement is also why 30 years of land claims litigation and negotiation have produced virtually nothing .
Here , the oppositional role of the state is explicit , its prime demand of First Nations being " Give us your title or , for sure , no deal . "
" Oh , and by the way , sign up for some resource partnership , or you will get no benefits . "
Now this is not new stuff .
The Left has been talking about this -- capitalism and the state -- forever .
Enviros from the South know how they work ( and I would pay special attention to what they have to say in Copenhagen ) .
And some Northern enviros have been catching on of late , for example , in the globalization battles of the '90s , and the rising chorus about corporate food insecurity today .
But if the environmental movement in the industrialized world has a single characteristic in this political reality , it is its inability to put this understanding all together , and take it seriously .
A herd of baby elephants
What to do about all these elephants that are both in the room and not , if you happen to be there in Copenhagen lobbying for a deal ?
Facing the overwhelming contradictions of our growth economy and the governments that fuel it , everyone of the environmental and social justice activists will inevitably have to choose -- to be an agreeable part of the conversation in the room , or demand , again and again , that we take notice of those invisibilized elephants .
To shrink from acting on that choice is to give the sources of climate change legitimacy , and to delegitimize those who would demand that we engage in real debate .
Recognize that a half - baked treaty will help to seal shut that debate for a long time to come .
But it will be to no avail , for life after Copenhagen will inevitably have to deal with these contradictions .
Let me be crystal clear -- targeted reductions in greenhouse gas emissions within a continuously growing economy assumes that there are political avenues available that will allow us to defy the laws of nature .
The goal of Copenhagen is a planetary imperative , but within the context that has been set for it , it can not be met .
We do need an exit strategy , and the longer we remain in denial , the greater will be the contradictions , the higher the costs , and the more difficult it will be to resolve them .
This is the lesson of the lost Kyoto decade .
Once upon a time , " green " meant something akin to what I have been talking about .
But as the environment has moved to the centre of today 's economic and political discourse , so too have the pressures to co-opt our language and our movement , to shape our messages , and control our voices .
We environmentalists are all so fond of saying that you can't solve a problem with the same thinking that created it .
This is indeed the real promise of Copenhagen .
It is time to move us past the limited promise of state treaties .
To do so , you must not imprison , but must liberate , that new power of critical planetary dialogue that has brought us all to Copenhagen , and that we will need to guide us in the eco-conversion ahead .
After a deal , if any , comes into view in Copenhagen , M'Gonigle will write a follow - up assessing the moment -- and what real " planetary eco- conversion " will look like and require of us .
In procuring organs from patients like Amanda , doctors have created a new class of potential organ donors who are not dead but dying .
By arbitrarily drawing a line between death and life — five minutes after the heart stops — they have raised difficult ethical questions .
Are they merely acknowledging death or hastening it in their zeal to save others ’ lives ?
With modern technology like respirators and tube feedings with synthetic formulas , Beaulieu might have kept her unconscious , brain - damaged child alive indefinitely .
But as she sipped coffee in her apartment from a mug reading “ # 1 Mom , ” Beaulieu told me that if Amanda had lived , she could “ never bike , rollerblade or go out with friends , and she ’d never want that . ”
If people with no hope for meaningful recovery can be kept alive artificially , should n’t they also be permitted to die artificially ?
Since the inception of organ transplantation a half - century ago , defining death has taken on both medical and ethical urgency .
Before Joseph Murray performed the world ’s first successful kidney transplant in 1954 and showed that organs could be put to productive use outside their original host , doctors waited until the deceased was blue and stiff to declare death .
Identifying a precise moment of death was a diversion for eccentric researchers like Duncan MacDougall , who , in the early 1900s , placed dying patients on a scale in order to determine when death occurred : the moment they lost three - quarters of an ounce , the presumed weight of the soul .
The paradox of needing a dead donor with a live body was first addressed in 1968 .
Henry Beecher , a Harvard anesthesiologist and medical ethicist , convened a 13 - member committee to write a definition of “ irreversible coma , ” or brain death , for The Journal of the American Medical Association .
Not everyone accepted the four - page report ’s conclusions .
After Norman Shumway , a Stanford University surgeon , performed the first American heart transplant from a brain - dead donor , he was threatened with prosecution by the Santa Clara County coroner .
As a result of the widespread disagreement over the meaning of “ brain death , ” President Jimmy Carter asked a blue - ribbon commission to examine the issue .
The commission culminated in the Uniform Determination of Death Act in 1981 , which defined death as “ irreversible cessation of all functions of the entire brain , including the brainstem . ”
The procedure to diagnose brain death , however , was never codified into law , and as a result , it varies from hospital to hospital .
In 1987 , the nation ’s pediatrics authorities tried to standardize the diagnosis , listing 14 different criteria to confirm brain death , like the absence of reflexes , and requiring , under certain conditions , additional X - rays and tests for brain - wave activity .
Last year , in the journal Pediatrics , researchers from Loma Linda University reported that of 277 brain - dead children in California who were referred to the regional organ bank over many years , only a single child received the full set of diagnostic tests .
In 2008 , a young Oklahoman named Zack Dunlap was declared brain - dead after an all - terrain - vehicle accident and was considered for organ donation .
Then , suddenly , he recovered .
He later appeared on NBC ’s “ Today ” show .
The precise medical details of the case are not public , but it is possible that a diagnostic error was made because a checklist was not followed .
Dr. Wiley Hall , the director of neurocritical care at the University of Massachusetts Medical School , where I am the chief of pediatric cardiology , told me about a similar case last year in Massachusetts ; it turned out that a brain scan had been performed improperly .
Such sloppiness is potentially tragic , but it is also exceedingly rare .
Whether or not a checklist is followed , by the time a neurologist is consulted to assess a critically ill patient for brain death , the odds of recovery are already minuscule .
Doctors see that these patients have begun dying , and the uncertainty is not about whether it will happen but when .
The families of dying patients often realize this , too , and ask to donate their relative ’s organs .
Dr. Robert Truog , a professor of medical ethics at Harvard Medical School , says he believes this is a situation where “ all the ethical vectors are lined up , ” since the patient ’s family , the doctors and the recipient ’s family all want to proceed with organ donation .
The holdup is that the patient is not legally dead .
The current shortage of organs gives urgency to any new avenue for donation .
The United Network for Organ Sharing , a nonprofit , coordinates the nation ’s system of organ transplantation .
Its Web site maintains a continuously updated count of people waiting for transplants .
As of early this month , 105,172 men , women and children were in line .
On an average day , the organization estimates , 18 people on the list die because they do n’t receive an organ in time .
Despite widespread campaigns to encourage donation , availability has changed only modestly over the past decade — last year there were fewer than 8,000 deceased donors — while waiting lists have doubled in size .
CMA CGM SA , the world 's third - biggest container shipping company , told bondholders it faces bankruptcy unless they approve a plan to raise more debt .
CMA CGM is asking holders of US$ 570 million of senior bonds to change the terms of the notes to allow prospective lenders to have first claim on the company 's assets in the event of a default , said Paris - based spokeswoman Anne- France Malrieu .
Otherwise CMA CGM may be " forced to commence bankruptcy proceedings " and the investors may lose their money , the company said in a Dec. 16 notice to bondholders .
Marseille - based CMA CGM is seeking changes to the terms of its bonds in dollars and euros due 2012 and 2013 as part of an effort to restructure US $ 5.6 billion of debt and raise new money , according to the notice , which Malrieu confirmed is authentic .
The company is in breach of conditions on most of its debt after suffering from a slump in world trade amid the deepest financial crisis since the 1930s .
CMA CGM needs a majority of the bondholders to agree to the proposed changes in the terms of the notes by Dec. 22 , according to the notice .
Otherwise it said it " may be forced to file for bankruptcy proceedings in the near term , in which case there would be no assurance that CMA CGM would be able to repay " of the senior notes .
A new credit line and plans to refinance US $ 4.5 billion in outstanding ship orders depend on CMA CGM getting the approval of its bondholders to change the debt terms , according to the notice .
The so - called consent solicitation statement concerns the company 's 293.3 million euros ( US $ 420 million ) of outstanding 5.5 percent bonds due May 2012 and its remaining US $ 149.8 million of 7.25 percent notes maturing in February 2013 , according to data compiled by Bloomberg .
DAVID TENNANT will appear on the comedy quiz show QI on Christmas Eve , BBC One at 10 pm .
Click on the pics for bigger , questionier versions .
Labels : alan davies , bill bailey , David Tennant , David Tennant Christmas , david tennant qi , lee mack , qi , stephen fry
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - The Canadian government will suspend Parliament until early March , a spokesman said on Wednesday , giving it political advantages but bringing an angry backlash from a sidelined opposition .
Canadian Prime Minster Stephen Harper arrives at the morning session of United Nations Climate Change Conference 2009 in Copenhagen December 18 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Ints Kalnins
Dimitri Soudas , spokesman for Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper , said the government would present a new policy speech on March 3 , and a new federal budget the following day .
That means Parliament wo n’t resume on January 25 as previously scheduled , and debate on hot - button topics will cease .
“ We ’re not out of the woods ( economically ) yet but we ’re not facing the same catastrophic possibilities of just one year ago , ” Soudas told reporters in a conference call .
“ So we want to make sure not only that the economy stays on track but also that we are preparing for future growth , prosperity and a return to balanced budgets . ”
Postponing the reopening of Parliament until after the Winter Olympics in Vancouver means the government will be able to avoid persistent questions on the treatment of prisoners who were handed over to Afghan authorities by the Canadian military in 2006 - 07 .
The government will also be able to take control of committees in the upper house of Parliament , the Senate .
The Senate has been dominated by the opposition Liberal Party until now and the Liberals have blocked efforts at Senate reform .
All three opposition parties charged that Harper was trying to duck parliamentary accountability .
“ Mr. Harper is showing his disregard for the democratic institutions of our country , ” Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff said in a statement .
He said Harper was “ showing that his first impulse when he is in trouble is to shut down Parliament . ”
Jack Layton , who heads the small , left - leaning New Democratic Party , told Reuters : “ It ’s a slap in the face to the democratic process and all those Canadians -- who were in the majority , actually -- who voted for other parties and expected us to be there to hold Stephen Harper ’s feet to the fire and make sure he did n’t go racing off too far in any one unacceptable direction . ”
The separatist Bloc Quebecois said Harper had shown “ no legitimate reason ” for paralyzing Parliament until March .
Soudas said it was routine parliamentary practice and has been done 104 times in Canada ’s history , an average of two to three times per Parliament .
This will be the second suspension since Harper was reelected in October 2008 .
The Conservatives have only a minority of seats in the House of Commons and need support from at least one other party to stay in power , but no election is likely in the near future .
A Nanos poll issued earlier on Wednesday showed the Conservatives would handily win an election if one were held now , although possibly not with enough seats to win a majority of seats in Parliament .
Nanos gave the Conservatives support of 39.5 percent of voters , compared with 30.2 percent for the Liberals .
Under Canada ’s voting system , a party usually needs support from at least 40 percent of voters to win a majority in Parliament .
Nanos polled 1,003 voters between December 10 and December 13 .
It considers its survey accurate within 3.1 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 .
A detailed genome map of the giant panda completed by Chinese scientists has shown that the notoriously shy animal is genetically similar to the dog , state media have reported .
A detailed genome map of the giant panda completed by Chinese scientists has shown that the notoriously shy animal is genetically similar to the dog , state media reported Sunday .
Scientists from the Beijing Genomics Institute finished sequencing the giant panda genome in October last year but a detailed genome map was only recently completed , Xinhua news agency said .
" The research found there is a high genomic similarity between giant panda and dog , " the report said , but added that the research also supported the view of most scientists that the giant panda may be a subspecies of the bear family .
The detailed mapping showed that the giant panda has 21 pairs of chromosomes and more than 20,000 genes , Xinhua said .
The research is expected to provide scientific support for the conservation , disease prevention and artificial propagation of the endangered giant panda , researchers have said .
" We hope the genome map could help genetically explain why giant pandas have little reproductive capability so that scientists can help them deliver more cubs , " Wang Jun , a scientist with the institute , was quoted in the state press as saying earlier .
Chinese experts say there are only about 1,600 wild pandas in China , mainly in the southwest , with another 200 or so raised in captivity in Chinese breeding centres .
The animals ' notoriously low libidos have frustrated efforts to boost their numbers .
Breeders have resorted to tactics such as showing them " panda porn " videos of other pandas mating , and putting males through " sexercises " aimed at training up their pelvic and leg muscles for the rigours of copulation .
Scientists hope also to eventually gain a better understanding of why pandas subsist almost solely on bamboo , another factor viewed as inhibiting the species ' range and adaptability .
( c ) 2009 AFP
War is brutal and impersonal .
It mocks the fantasy of individual heroism and the absurdity of utopian goals like democracy .
In an instant , industrial warfare can kill dozens , even hundreds of people , who never see their attackers .
The power of these industrial weapons is indiscriminate and staggering .
They can take down apartment blocks in seconds , burying and crushing everyone inside .
They can demolish villages and send tanks , planes and ships up in fiery blasts .
The wounds , for those who survive , result in terrible burns , blindness , amputation and lifelong pain and trauma .
No one returns the same from such warfare .
And once these weapons are employed all talk of human rights is a farce .
In Peter van Agtmael ’s “ 2nd Tour Hope I do n’t Die ” and Lori Grinker ’s “ Afterwar : Veterans From a World in Conflict , ” two haunting books of war photographs , we see pictures of war which are almost always hidden from public view .
These pictures are shadows , for only those who go to and suffer from war can fully confront the visceral horror of it , but they are at least an attempt to unmask war ’s savagery .
“ Over ninety percent of this soldier ’s body was burned when a roadside bomb hit his vehicle , igniting the fuel tank and burning two other soldiers to death , ” reads the caption in Agtmael ’s book next to a photograph of the bloodied body of a soldier in an operating room .
“ His camouflage uniform dangled over the bed , ripped open by the medics who had treated him on the helicopter .
Clumps of his skin had peeled away , and what was left of it was translucent .
He was in and out of consciousness , his eyes stabbing open for a few seconds .
As he was lifted from the stretcher to the ER bed , he screamed ‘ Daddy , Daddy , Daddy , Daddy , ’ then ‘ Put me to sleep , please put me to sleep . ’
There was another photographer in the ER , and he leaned his camera over the heads of the medical staff to get an overhead shot .
The soldier yelled , ‘ Get that fucking camera out of my face . ’
Those were his last words .
I visited his grave one winter afternoon six months later , ” Agtmael writes , “ and the scene of his death is never far from my thoughts . ”
“ There were three of us inside , and the jeep caught fire , ” Israeli soldier Yossi Arditi , quoted in Grinker ’s book , says of the moment when a Molotov cocktail exploded in his vehicle .
“ The fuel tank was full and it was about to explode , my skin was hanging from my arms and face — but I did n’t lose my head .
I knew nobody could get inside to help me , that my only way out was through the fire to the doors .
I wanted to take my gun , but I could n’t touch it because my hands were burning . ”
[ To see long excerpts from “ Afterwar ” and to read an introduction written by Chris Hedges , click here . ]
Arditi spent six months in the hospital .
He had surgery every two or three months , about 20 operations , over the next three years .
“ People who see me , see what war really does , ” he says .
Filmic and most photographic images of war are shorn of the heart - pounding fear , awful stench , deafening noise and exhaustion of the battlefield .
Such images turn confusion and chaos , the chief element of combat , into an artful war narrative .
They turn war into porn .
Soldiers and Marines , especially those who have never seen war , buy cases of beer and watch movies like “ Platoon , ” movies meant to denounce war , and as they do so revel in the despicable power of the weapons shown .
The reality of violence is different .
Everything formed by violence is senseless and useless .
It exists without a future .
It leaves behind nothing but death , grief and destruction .
Chronicles of war , such as these two books , that eschew images and scenes of combat begin to capture war ’s reality .
War ’s effects are what the state and the press , the handmaiden of the war makers , work hard to keep hidden .
If we really saw war , what war does to young minds and bodies , it would be harder to embrace the myth of war .
If we had to stand over the mangled corpses of the eight schoolchildren killed in Afghanistan a week ago and listen to the wails of their parents we would not be able to repeat clichés about liberating the women of Afghanistan or bringing freedom to the Afghan people .
This is why war is carefully sanitized .
This is why we are given war ’s perverse and dark thrill but are spared from seeing war ’s consequences .
The mythic visions of war keep it heroic and entertaining .
And the press is as guilty as Hollywood .
During the start of the Iraq war , television reports gave us the visceral thrill of force and hid from us the effects of bullets , tank rounds , iron fragmentation bombs and artillery rounds .
We tasted a bit of war ’s exhilaration , but were protected from seeing what war actually does .
The wounded , the crippled and the dead are , in this great charade , swiftly carted off stage .
They are war ’s refuse .
We do not see them .
We do not hear them .
They are doomed , like wandering spirits , to float around the edges of our consciousness , ignored , even reviled .
The message they tell is too painful for us to hear .
We prefer to celebrate ourselves and our nation by imbibing the myth of glory , honor , patriotism and heroism , words that in combat become empty and meaningless .
And those whom fate has decreed must face war ’s effects often turn and flee .
Saul Alfaro , who lost his legs in the war in El Salvador , speaks in Grinker ’s book about the first and final visit from his girlfriend as he lay in an army hospital bed .
“ She had been my girlfriend in the military and we had planned to be married , ” he says .
“ But when she saw me in the hospital — I do n’t know exactly what happened , but later they told me when she saw me she began to cry .
Afterwards , she ran away and never came back . ”
The public manifestations of gratitude are reserved for veterans who dutifully read from the script handed to them by the state .
The veterans trotted out for viewing are those who are compliant and palatable , those we can stand to look at without horror , those who are willing to go along with the lie that war is about patriotism and is the highest good .
“ Thank you for your service , ” we are supposed to say .
They are used to perpetuate the myth .
We are used to honor it .
Gary Zuspann , who lives in a special enclosed environment in his parent ’s home in Waco , Texas , suffering from Gulf War syndrome , speaks in Grinker ’s book of feeling like “ a prisoner of war ” even after the war had ended .
“ Basically they put me on the curb and said , okay , fend for yourself , ” he says in the book .
“ I was living in a fantasy world where I thought our government cared about us and they take care of their own .
I believed it was in my contract , that if you ’re maimed or wounded during your service in war , you should be taken care of .
Now I ’m angry . ”
I went back to Sarajevo after covering the 1990s war for The New York Times and found hundreds of cripples trapped in rooms in apartment blocks with no elevators and no wheelchairs .
Most were young men , many without limbs , being cared for by their elderly parents , the glorious war heroes left to rot .
Despair and suicide grip survivors .
More Vietnam veterans committed suicide after the war than were killed during it .
The inhuman qualities drilled into soldiers and Marines in wartime defeat them in peacetime .
This is what Homer taught us in “ The Iliad , ” the great book on war , and “ The Odyssey , ” the great book on the long journey to recovery by professional killers .
Many never readjust .
They cannot connect again with wives , children , parents or friends , retreating into personal hells of self - destructive anguish and rage .
“ They program you to have no emotion — like if somebody sitting next to you gets killed you just have to carry on doing your job and shut up , ” Steve Annabell , a British veteran of the Falklands War , says to Grinker .
“ When you leave the service , when you come back from a situation like that , there ’s no button they can press to switch your emotions back on .
So you walk around like a zombie .
They do n’t deprogram you .
If you become a problem they just sweep you under the carpet . ”
“ To get you to join up they do all these advertisements — they show people skiing down mountains and doing great things — but they do n’t show you getting shot at and people with their legs blown off or burning to death , ” he says .
“ They do n’t show you what really happens .
It ’s just bullshit .
And they never prepare you for it .
They can give you all the training in the world , but it ’s never the same as the real thing . ”
Those with whom veterans have most in common when the war is over are often those they fought .
“ Nobody comes back from war the same , ” says Horacio Javier Benitez , who fought the British in the Falklands and is quoted in Grinker ’s book .
“ The person , Horacio , who was sent to war , does n’t exist anymore .
It ’s hard to be enthusiastic about normal life ; too much seems inconsequential .
You contend with craziness and depression . ”
“ Many who served in the Malvinas , ” he says , using the Argentine name of the islands , “ committed suicide , many of my friends . ”
“ I miss my family , ” reads a wall graffito captured in one of Agtmael ’s photographs .
“ Please God forgive the lives I took and let my family be happy if I do n’t go home again . ”
Next to the plea someone had drawn an arrow toward the words and written in thick , black marker “ Fag ! ! ! ”
Look beyond the nationalist cant used to justify war .
Look beyond the seduction of the weapons and the pornography of violence .
Look beyond Barack Obama ’s ridiculous rhetoric about finishing the job or fighting terror .
Focus on the evil of war .
War begins by calling for the annihilation of the others but ends ultimately in self - annihilation .
It corrupts souls and mutilates bodies .
It destroys homes and villages and murders children on their way to school .
It grinds into the dirt all that is tender and beautiful and sacred .
It empowers human deformities — warlords , Shiite death squads , Sunni insurgents , the Taliban , al - Qaida and our own killers — who can speak only in the despicable language of force .
War is a scourge .
It is a plague .
It is industrial murder .
And before you support war , especially the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , look into the hollow eyes of the men , women and children who know it .
Chris Hedges , a Pulitzer Prize - winning correspondent who covered conflicts for two decades in Central America , Africa , the Middle East and the Balkans , writes a column published every Monday on Truthdig .
His latest book is “ Empire of Illusion : The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle . ”
Dec. 18 , 2009  --
Hours before iPhone users plan to take down AT&T 's wireless network in protest , the man who set the plot in motion is urging the digital activists to take their demonstration to the streets .
On Monday , Newsweek reporter Daniel Lyons , who writes the popular blog , " The Secret Diary of Steve Jobs , " posted a satirical memo encouraging iPhone owners to participate in " Operation Chokehold . "
Writing as " Fake Steve , " he told iPhone users to voice their dissatisfaction with the performance of AT&T 's wireless network by running the phone 's most data - intensive applications at the same time -- 3 p.m. ET Friday -- in an effort to " overwhelm the AT&T data network and bring it to its knees . "
Many owners of Apple 's iPhone -- which is only available with AT&T data and voice plans -- have become annoyed with dropped calls and slow data speeds , which they blame on what they feel are inadequacies in AT&T 's network .
" Send the message to AT&T that we are sick of their substandard network and sick of their abusive comments , " Lyons wrote .
" The idea is we 'll create a digital flash mob . "
' Operation Chokehold ' : Fake Steve Delivers Last - Minute Thoughts on Blog
Lyons posted his " memo " after recent comments from an AT&T executive revealed that the company is considering incentives to keep so - called " bandwidth hogs " from jamming the network with video and other data - hungry applications .
Though it started as a joke , the stunt has taken on a life of its own , as blogs , Twitter users and media reports have spread the word .
A Facebook group now counts more than 4,000 people as fans of " Operation Chokehold , " and a Web site provides tips and a countdown to the hour of reckoning .
The spoof campaign even drew the attention of federal regulators , who called the protest " irresponsible " and a public safety concern .
This morning , " Fake Steve " delivered some final thoughts to his comrades , emphasizing that " Operation Chokehold " was intended to be a joke and will likely not work .
Still , he encouraged his fellow iPhoners to follow through on the plan and escalate their efforts with demonstrations outside AT&T stores .
" This may be cathartic , but it is pointless , " he wrote on the blog today , adding that " Operation Chokehold " has already drawn attention to the issues and a few thousand people will likely not make an impact on the network .
But in the same digital breath , Lyons urged protesters to take the fight off - line .
" What we need to do now is amplify the story , and physical protests are the way to do it .
Here 's why .
CNN can't cover something that 's happening on a bunch of fiber optic lines .
They can't take pictures of that .
But they can take pictures of people standing outside a store , " he said .
" Does n't have to be a lot of people .
Just a few is enough , and then the TV networks can attach a photo to the story , which is what they need . "
' Three Musketeers ' Launch Facebook Page , Web Site
The Facebook page and Web site were created to mobilize the grassroots effort by a trio of iPhone - using friends , who call themselves the " Three Musketeers . "
They believe that the Facebook fans represent only part of the iPhone users who plan to participate today .
" There 's definitely a lot more people , " said Peter Serven , 21 , a Web designer who created OperationChokehold.com .
" There 's 4,000 people on the Facebook page , there 's a ton more that are n't who are going to participate in the protest . "
He said the campaign has gained traction because iPhone users are upset about " subpar " service and hints that AT&T might raise their rates for those who use more bandwidth .
FCC , ATT Call Stunt ' Irresponsible '
Still , despite the stunt 's publicity and online support , he does n't think that they will ultimately make even a dent on AT&T 's network .
" I do n't think anybody really thinks it 's going to do anything to AT&T's system , " he said .
" But it 's already done what it was meant to do -- it 's humiliated AT&T somewhat and brings [ the issue ] to the light of day . "
For its part , AT&T is none too happy with " Fake Steve 's " campaign and the attention it 's getting .
" We understand that fakesteve .
net is primarily a satirical forum , but there is nothing amusing about advocating that customers attempt to deliberately degrade service on a network that provides critical communications services for more than 80 million customers , " an AT&T spokeswoman said in a statement .
" We know that the vast majority of customers will see this action for what it is : an irresponsible and pointless scheme to draw attention to a blog . "
Earlier this week the FCC said the protest could be a threat to public safety , blocking AT&T users who might need to call 911 .
" Threats of this nature are serious and we caution the public to use common sense and good judgment when accessing the Internet from their commercial mobile devices , " Jamie Barnett , chief of FCC 's public safety and homeland security bureau , said in a statement .
" To purposely try to disrupt or negatively impact a network with ill - intent is irresponsible and presents a significant public safety concern . "
Cycling paramedics are often only seen in flat urban areas , but Sheffield 's finest have managed to master the city 's terrain
Cycling paramedics are an increasingly common sight on urban streets around the UK .
But if the city happens to be hilly Sheffield , how do you get to the emergency as quickly as possible on your 40kg white , green and yellow bike ?
The answer , according to Jonathan Alexander from the Yorkshire ambulance service 's cycle response unit ( CRU ) , is for units to start their day uphill from the city centre , letting them travel to the majority of calls with gravity on their side .
Jonathan was inspired to lobby for a Sheffield cycling paramedic service by the example of Tom Lynch , who launched the first such unit in London nine years ago .
Sceptics told him that ambulance bikes were for flat towns like London and York , not the contours of Sheffield .
" But we 've shown that it can work here , " he says .
" We 've shown that hills are no disadvantage , as long as you think about what you 're doing . "
The specially equipped mountain bikes handle well on city streets , says Jonathan , and the cycling paramedics can travel down flights of steps , up and down kerbs and make regular visits to check on the city centre 's most vulnerable , who may sleep and live on backstreets away from the public eye .
Engaging with the public is a big part of the idea of the unit , he adds : " We 're visible and approachable .
People are happy to flag us down and ask for help . "
With an average response time at just over four minutes for life - threatening incidents , the scepticism is fading and the initial CRU trial is now effectively permanent , with new staff to be trained soon .
Cycling ambulances , as the CRU staff are popularly known , are trained paramedics who can arrive at call - outs quickly to make an immediate assessment , carry out the initial treatment and radio for other services as required .
Often , the paramedics find an ambulance is not needed , which saves the NHS time and money .
Jonathan and his colleague Tim Atkin have made it to cardiac arrest patients in under a minute , and bystanders have been know to remark that the cycling paramedics have arrived , Batman - like , the instant a casualty has fainted or collapsed .
On one occasion a combined operation involving the cycling paramedics and a motorised ambulance located a convulsing child in a warren of flats , reassured his parents and got him to hospital in under eight minutes , the target time usually allowed for just arriving on the scene .
The CRU work closely with cycling police and city centre security staff , and the public appreciate being able to talk to public servants on bicycles .
The law abiding public , at least :
" I once came upon the police looking for a burglar , and found him on a different street with police officers giving chase .
So I pulled up alongside him , and explained I was n't going to get out of breath like he was , and that he may as well give himself up .
So he stopped and the police arrested him . "
The success of the scheme in a city centre with the topography of Sheffield shows that cycling paramedics would work anywhere , says Jonathan .
" I 'd say every town should have a cycle response unit , " he says .
" Not just every city . "
Public events and festivals too , he suggests .
And there are personal benefits : " I 've now gone back to my racing weight of an 18 - year - old .
And I really notice it now when I 'm not riding an 88 lb bike .
I went for a circuit on my 19lb racing bike last weekend .
That was bliss . "
• David Bocking is the development coordinator for Pedal Ready , which is based in Sheffield .
It runs courses in partnership with the local council and NHS and social care trusts .
Location : SE 52nd and Foster – Carts on Foster
Hours : Mon-Sat , 11 am - 7pm
The Story :
I think the name tells the story .
Big - Ass Sandwiches is now open and they sell giant sandwiches and a bit more .
A cart that has been a few months in the making , Big - Ass Sandwiches is the brainchild of Lisa and Brian Wood who have brought us a great cart with a wonderful offering of food that will sate you and then some .
The collective “ we ” on Twitter first learned about Big - Ass Sandwiches back in September with a cryptic coming soon post .
After they posted a photo of one of their sandwiches , the cart goers among us drooled .
I have enjoyed following the journey of Big - Ass Sandwiches from idea to fruition .
Through the power of social media like Twitter and Facebook , I was able to join Lisa and Brian on their adventure of opening a cart .
We could experience the joys , the sorrows , the excitement and even the frustration .
I felt I was there when they first saw the custom cart they were having built .
I was able to feel the happiness when they landed the cart at 3rd and Ash even though the previous weekend was filled with some challenges with fees and a broken oven .
The Internet and social media allowed us cart food fans to be a part of this opening culminating in the excitement and sheer joy when they opened on December 21st .
That opening day , the energy emanating from the cart through Lisa via Twitter and the customers was palpable .
Ahh , the power of the people .
The Big - Ass Sandwich is pretty much what you would imagine .
A wonderfully large ciabatta roll with well prepared thinly sliced roast beef and topped with house made french fries and creamy cheese , I had to use every napkin to get clean .
I even got a little dangerous and had them add Secret Aardvark hot sauce to give it a little zing .
I was a happy eater as I devoured the sandwich .
The Béchamel cheese sauce they offer is a perfect choice as it penetrated the entire sandwich , but was n’t drippy when I finally began eating it .
All in all , a great sandwich .
I chose roast beef , but you can also get the sandwich with ham or turkey and they even offer a Big - Ass Vegetarian sandwich .
Big -Ass Sandwiches is a another great addition to the food cart bonanza of 2009 .
These are large sandwiches , so if that dissuades you , do n’t let it .
Grab a friend and split the sandwich .
You wo n’t be disappointed .
I feel honored to have joined in on the journey with Lisa and Brian and thank them for that .
The cart is open daily and as an added bonus will be open for New Years Eve to feed the masses .
I predict a crazy night .
If you have never tried a sandwich with fries on it , you should check out Big - A** Sandwiches and tell them Food Carts Portland sent ya .
[ Big - Ass Sandwiches moved to The Row on SE 2nd and Oak in November 2012 ]
[ Big - Ass Sandwiches move to Carts on Foster in March 2015 ]
Sample Menu :
The Big - Ass Breakfast Sandwich – scrambled eggs , hashbrowns and choice of bacon or sausage piled onto a ciabatta roll – $ 6
The Big - Ass Sandwich – choice of roasted turkey , roast beef or ham with homemade french fries ; grilled and piled onto a ciabatta roll – $ 5
The Big - Ass Vegetarian – field roast deli slices with homemade french fries ; grilled and piled onto a ciabatta roll – $ 6
The Gutbomb – all the deliciousness of The Big - Ass Sandwich with double meat and double cheese – $ 7
Add Béchamel cheese sauce for $ 1
Cheese Fries – $ 3
Bacon Cheese Fries – $ 4
Colseslaw – $ 1
Mexican Coke or Jarritos – $ 1.50
Hours : Mon-Sat , 11 am - 7pm
Contact : 503 803 0619 – call or text orders To Go
Website : BigAssSandwiches.com
Social : @ BigAssSandwich on Twitter and BigAssSandwiches on Facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
Uganda 's proposed Anti-Homosexuality Bill 2009 still awaits a final decision by the country 's Parliament , but the country 's Daily Monitor newspaper reported Wednesday that President Yoweri Museveni has “ assured the US State Department of his willingness to block the Bill ” :
President Museveni has reportedly assured American authorities that he will veto Ndorwa West MP David Bahati ’s proposed anti-gay law , a position that breaks with his recent stance and the statements of officials in his government .
Blogger Gay Uganda points out the contradictions in the Ugandan government 's messages to the West and to Ugandans themselves :
You remember the article about the President confirming to the Americans State dept that this bill will not become law ?
Well , he says that to Americans .
This is what the Govt in Uganda says to Ugandans .
Government ’s anti-gay stand stays , says minister
In a statement issued yesterday , Foreign Affairs Minister Sam Kutesa said the government does not support the promotion of homosexuality “ just like we cannot promote prostitution . ”
AfroGay speculates that the Ugandan government believed it could get away with the bill because world leaders have other things on their minds :
As in 1999 when Museveni himself ordered that gays be arrested and jailed in what was clearly an ill - thought - out throwaway [ again the donors intervened and Museveni beat a hasty retreat ] , MU7 thought that the Bahati bill would be a side issue in these times when Obama is engrossed with the Taliban , Gordon Brown is a lame duck and there is no one else taking Africa that seriously apart from the barracuda - like Chinese .
But the truth is that Obama and Europe are happy to take Uganda on because it is an easy target compared to , say , China .
Hillary Clinton said it the other day that you do n't handle China the way you do a third world country and that was her way of indicating indirectly where exactly she puts Uganda in the pecking order .
In another post , AfroGay discusses what might be happening behind the scenes :
First polar bear to swim to Iceland in 15 years is shot dead by police in front of sightseers
No mercy : A polar bear like the one shot dead by Icelandic police
The first polar bear to swim to Iceland in 15 years has been shot dead by police , sparking an angry row about whether it should have been spared .
The animal – one of the species most endangered by climate change – was killed despite the availablility of knockout drugs that could have spared his life .
Animal welfare groups are enraged over the decision of Icelandic police to kill the beast , instead of loading guns with tranquiliser darts that were less than an hour away .
The bear was spotted nonchalantly strolling along a road near the town of Skagafjördur yesterday morning around 9.30 am by a farmer .
Experts say it had arrived on an ice floe and local laws stipulate they can be killed – despite the fact they are on the endangered species list – if one threatens humans or livestock .
Stefán Vagn Stefánsson , the chief police officer of a neighbouring town , took the decision to shoot it dead .
He claimed no narcotics were available and a gun necessary to fire such drugs was in another part of Iceland ' so therefore it was necessary to kill it ' .
The animal was moving and we could not risk losing sight of it .
Weather conditions were foggy and the bear was moving quickly .
But his version of events was hotly disputed by the chief veterinarian in the town of Blönduó .
Egill Steingrímsson said he had the knockout drugs neccesary to immobilise the bear .
' If the narcotics gun would have been sent by plane it would have arrived within an hour , ' he said .
' They could keep tabs on the bear for that long . '
News of the polar bear was broadcast all around Iceland and , by the time the police arrived , a large crowd of sightseers in cars had gathered at the mountain road where the bear was found roaming .
Steingrímsson thinks the police should have closed the road and contained the bear .
' There were around 50 to 60 peoplethere watching .
The police did not have many options when the bear ran down the hill , approaching the crowd .
' I ’m very unsatisfied that the police did not try to catch it alive and did not close the road , ' Steingrímsson said .
Polar bears visit Iceland by drifting ice .
The oldest record of them being sighted on the island is from 890 , 16 years after the first settlers arrived .
The last visit was in 1993 when sailors saw a bear swimming off the coast of Strandir .
It was also killed .
Polar bears were frequently tamed during the middle ages , but since then , no bear has been captured alive in Iceland .
The receeding ice at the North Pole is jeopardising their future existence .
As the ice breaks up , so their hunting and mating grounds go with it .
A spokesman for PolarWorld , a German group dedicated to the preservation of the polar regions and the creatures which inhabit it , called the bear ’s death 'an avoidable tragedy ... another great day for mankind ' .
HIRE MAGENTO
DEVELOPER TO BE MOST
COST -EFFECTIVE
ECOMMERCE DEVELOPMENT
Our comprehensive and flexible hire Magento developer packages allow Magento merchants to bring the excellent expertise on the board to extract the most out of it .
In the stiffly competitive ecommerce arena , Perception System acts as a savior for ecommerce merchants who need highly functional tailored and interactive storefronts to sustain and grow .
Reasons for that clients prefer our hire Magento developer services are clear - cut .
This week , as there are no scheduled launches , I would like to highlight an image release from Hubble from this past week .
Before I get to that , let me hit a couple highlights for the week .
The three launches scheduled for last week made it off the pad successfully , albeit with a 24 hour delay on the Helios 2B launch .
The WISE mission has made it to space and is going through checkout and calibration .
The Soyuz launch was also successful and is now making its way to the International Space Station .
The Soyuz module will arrive at the station on Tuesday with three new crew members for the current ISS Expedition .
Since it is a relatively quiet week , I would like to highlight an image released from the Hubble Space Telescope last week .
The new discoveries are starting to come fast and furious from the upgraded observatory but one release from last week is in keeping with the festive nature of the season .
The image was released this past Tuesday with the subject being a portion of the Doradus Nebula within the Large Magellanic Cloud .
Within the Nebula is a region that is clearer than other parts with many bright stars shining brightly .
Shining like ornaments on a Christmas Tree .
Indeed , this area looks a little like a Christmas Tree in space .
From the press release on hubblesite.org :
The brilliant stars are carving deep cavities in the surrounding material by unleashing a torrent of ultraviolet light , and hurricane - force stellar winds ( streams of charged particles ) , which are etching away the enveloping hydrogen gas cloud in which the stars were born .
The image reveals a fantasy landscape of pillars , ridges , and valleys , as well as a dark region in the center that roughly looks like the outline of a holiday tree .
Besides sculpting the gaseous terrain , the brilliant stars can also help create a successive generation of offspring .
When the winds hit dense walls of gas , they create shocks , which may be generating a new wave of star birth .
A very nice treat from Hubble for sure .
Happy Holidays to all our readers !
Klimagipfel Kläglicher Kompromiss verhindert totales Scheitern
Ernüchterndes Ende eines dramatischen Finales : Der Klimagipfel in Kopenhagen konnte sich nur dazu durchringen , die Schlusserklärung " zur Kenntnis zu nehmen " .
Die Entwicklungs - und Schwellenländer setzten sich damit gegen die mächtigen Staaten durch - vorerst .
Umweltexperten sind frustriert .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Planning the next attack ?
Brown - necked ravens team up to hunt lizards , revealing an unexpected level of intelligence , say scientists .
Ornithologists observed a number of birds acting together to trap and kill their prey in Israel 's Arava Valley .
Two of the ravens would fly to the ground to block the lizard 's escape route , while the others attacked it .
The behaviour suggests the birds must know what each other and the lizard are thinking , known as a ' theory of mind ' , say the scientists .
Details of the behaviour are published in the Journal of Ethology .
This is a live hunting expedition with the roles spelt out in advance .
It is almost like an infantry assault
Professor Reuven Yosef
International Birding and Research Centre , Eilat , Israel Professor Reuven Yosef of the International Birding and Research Centre in Eilat , Israel and his daughter Ms Nufar Yosef , a doctoral student at Tel Aviv University in Ramit Aviv , observed brown - necked ravens ( Corvus rufficollis ) hunting a large species of lizard called an Egyptian Mastigure ( Uromastyx aegyptius ) .
During more than 60 hours observing the birds , they watched nine separate hunts take place at two locations .
In each hunt , a number of individual ravens , or pairs of birds , could be seen .
But the birds did not flock together .
However , when they sighted a lizard , the teamwork began .
The birds would wait until the lizard had moved away from its burrow entrance .
Then two birds circling overhead would fly in at high speed , landing at the burrow entrance .
This effectively cut off the lizard 's escape .
The remaining ravens then targeted the lizard , pecking at it until they had killed their prey , before tearing off pieces to eat .
Only when the lizard was evidently dead did the two ravens guarding the burrow entrance leave their post , and join in to feed .
Egyptian Mastigures make a formidable foe " This is a live hunting expedition with the roles spelt out in advance .
It is almost like an infantry assault , " says Prof Yosef .
The ravens succeeded in killing their prey on seven out of the nine hunts .
Outwitting prey
He and his daughter , a psychologist , believe that the cooperative hunt suggests that brown - necked ravens posses what scientists call a ' theory of mind ' .
Initially , each raven must recognise that the lizard , which averages 75 cm long and can weigh up to 1kg , is too big to take on alone .
The reptile also possesses a heavy spiked tail that can easily injure a bird .
Then for each bird to take part in the hunt , and fulfil a particular role , they must have some understanding of what each other is thinking , and be able to realise that by cooperating , they will share in the reward .
To outwit the lizard , they must also have an understanding of how it will likely react .
Other birds , including falcons , shrikes and Harris hawks , are known to hunt in pairs , with one bird flushing out prey into the path of another .
Such hunts are usually performed by breeding pairs or related birds .
But the ravens do not appear to be related , and seem more tactically astute .
Extraordinary feats Corvids , the group of birds to which brown - necked ravens belong , have astonished scientists with extraordinary feats of memory , an ability to employ complex social reasoning and , perhaps most strikingly , a remarkable aptitude for crafting and using tools .
Last year , a German team of scientists revealed that magpies could pass the Gallup mark test , an indication of whether they are aware of themselves .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
During the test , magpies marked with a coloured sticker under their beaks tried to remove it when presented with a mirror .
So far , only some species of primates have consistently passed this self - recognition test , although more recent studies suggest elephants and dolphins may also respond .
Corvids ' tool - use may also rival , and even surpass , that of primates , such as chimpanzees .
Wild New Caledonian crows craft tools to help them secure hard - to - reach food , for example .
Western scrub jays intentionally deceive each other about the location of food stashes , while last year researchers discovered that rooks will team up to solve problems set for them in experiments .
Earlier this year , scientists even showed that rooks will repeat one of Aesop 's fables , by using stones in an experiment to raise the water level in a pitcher so it can reach the liquid to quench its thirst .
Brown - necked ravens are a little studied species which breeds across north and central Africa to southwest and central Asia .
It has been able to expand its range in part due to its ability to exploit human settlements built in desert regions .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After being urging to do so by several readers , I finally read Ron Paul ’s End the Fed .
I was about to buy it for the Kindle I got for Christmas , but when I got to work Monday morning there was a package in my mailbox from Gary Howard at Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty with two copies of the book .
I gave one to my colleague Stephen Gandel , and started reading the other .
I had told Hunter Lewis that I was going to read his Where Keynes Went Wrong first , but when I saw how short End the Fed was ( and how few words per page it contained ) I figured I could finish it in a couple of hours .
It took about three , and it was worth the time and effort .
I did n’t learn anything new about monetary economics or the Federal Reserve , but I did learn a lot about the thinking of Ron Paul .
It turns out to be a curious mix of the sensible and the delusional .
To put it differently , Paul has wrapped a mostly cogent critique of central banking in general and the Fed in particular inside a decidedly utopian view of what a world without central banks would look like .
At one point in the first chapter he warns that “ ending the Fed is not a magic pill to usher in Utopia . ”
Then , throughout the rest of that chapter and the rest of the book he describes how ending the Fed would usher in a state of affairs that sounds an awful lot like , well , Utopia .
Here ’s the list of happy consequences that Paul says ending the Fed would bring , with my annotations in italics :
1 . “ It would bring an end to dollar depreciation . ”
You betcha .
Paul wants to replace the Fed with a return to a strict gold standard — in which dollars would be redeemable in gold .
If that happened , and we stuck to it , the dollar would indeed maintain its value better than it has since the Federal Reserve was created in 1913 .
( More on this in item 4 . )
2 . “ It would take away from government the means to fund its endless wars ” and its “ massive expansions of the welfare state that has turned us into a nation of dependents . ”
Paul is right that governments in the U.S. and elsewhere have often printed money to pay for major wars .
They ’ve done that even without the help of central banks ( as the U.S. did during both the Revolution and the Civil War ) , but having a central bank institutionalizes the mechanism for money - printing and thus presumably makes it easier to get away with .
As for his welfare state argument , there ’s surely something to it , but not nearly as much as Paul seems to think .
In the post World War II era , Germany has followed much more of a hard - money ( that is , Ron-Paulish ) line than the U.S. , yet it has a much bigger welfare state .
So the growth of government can be a political choice , not just the result of the machinations of central bankers .
3 . It would “ stop the business cycle . ” Really ?
Paul utterly fails to back this claim up in the book , because he can’t .
We ’ve had recessions and depressions in the U.S. both with central banks ( the Fed and its two predecessors , the First and Second Banks of the United States ) and without them .
It ’s true that Fed backers have repeatedly claimed through the decades that wise central bankers had figured out how to stop the business cycle , and repeatedly been wrong about that .
There ’s also an argument to be made — although the evidence is mixed at best — that central banks exacerbate the business cycle .
But saying that we would have no more economic ups and downs if the Fed were shut down is utopian fantasizing .
4 . It would “ end inflation . ” Correct .
If we returned to a gold standard and stuck to it , there would be periods of inflation and periods of deflation , but over the long run prices would hold more or less steady .
Unless we discovered that alchemy worked or the moon was made of gold , in which case we would get raging inflation .
Paul also completely ignores all the economic problems that deflation , especially sharp deflation as we had in the early 1930s , can bring with it .
He ’s apparently been too busy with his beloved Austrian economists to ever read any Irving Fisher ( pdf ! ) .
5 . It would “ build prosperity for all Americans . ”
Paul does a pretty good job of explaining why the Fed ’s money - printing can’t build prosperity , but in general this country ’s record of building prosperity has been about as good in the Fed era as in the pre-Fed era .
Which leads me to think that monetary policy may not be the key variable in determining prosperity over time .
6 . It would “ end … the corrupt collaboration between government and banks that virtually defines the operations of public policy in the post - meltdown era . ”
He ’s onto something about the corrupt collaboration , of course , but he ’s also being either naive or disingenuous .
Does he think there was n’t any corrupt collaboration between government and banks in the 19th and early 20th centuries , before there was a Fed ?
7 . It would “ put the American banking system on solid financial footing ” and “ customers ’ deposits would be safer than they are today . ”
The argument here is that if banks did n’t have a government safety net , they ’d be more careful and their customers would be too .
Jim Grant makes this case far more exhaustively in his wonderfully cranky book Money of the Mind : Borrowing and Lending in America from the Civil War to Michael Milken .
The flip side is that lots of banks failed and lots of depositors lost most or all of their money in the pre-safety - net days .
That ’s what made the survivors careful .
The bank - failure solutions offered up by Washington — the Fed and the FDIC , mainly — have created new problems of their own .
But banks are naturally unstable , because they borrow on a short - term basis from depositors and turn around and hand most of that money back out as longer - term loans .
Paul nods to this in a brief discussion of the evils of fractional - reserve banking , but fails to acknowledge that fractional - reserve banking predated the Fed and is both a product of and enabler of free - market capitalism .
Banning it would thus represent a pretty severe encroachment on the economic liberty he so cherishes .
It would probably also be a serious economic downer .
8 . It would “ end the way in which our electoral cycles have been corrupted by monetary manipulation . ”
There ’s no hard evidence of such corruption since Arthur Burns ’ tenure as Fed chairman in the 1970s , but Paul is right that the risk is always there .
Then again , a Fed that was more closely controlled by Congress — which Paul advocates as an intermediate step before the Fed is completely abolished — might be even more prone to election - year shenanigans .
9 . “ The national wealth would no longer be hostage to the whims of a handful of appointed bureaucrats whose interests are equally divided between serving the banking cartel and serving the most powerful politicians in Washington . ”
Instead , it would be hostage to the ups and downs of the gold - mining industry , because under a gold standard the supply of money is determined by the supply of gold .
The economic argument for central banks was that wise technocrats could do a better job of managing the money supply than gold miners could .
That faith may have been misplaced , and a lot of people more hard - headed than Ron Paul have been calling lately for at least a partial return of gold to the global monetary system .
But returning to gold almost certainly would n’t be the silver ( gold ? ) bullet that Paul makes it out to be .
There ’s lots of wisdom in Paul ’s Fed critique , and his espousal of the virtues of prudence and saving and hard work .
But in this book , at least , he succumbs to the temptation of promising an easy way out .
Guess he ’s more of a typical politician than I ’d been led to think .
By Geeta Pandey
BBC News , Delhi
Ruchika was a budding tennis player Outrage is growing in India over a six - month jail sentence handed out to a former senior police officer convicted for molesting a 14 - year - old girl .
Ruchika Girhotra complained in 1990 that she was assaulted by SPS Rathore .
After Mr Rathore used his influence to harass the Girhotra family , Ruchika committed suicide three years later .
Earlier this week , a court found Mr Rathore guilty , but Ruchika 's family and activists say he has got away with a " very light punishment " .
Mr Rathore sentenced in jail for six months and ordered to pay a fine of 1,000 rupees ( $ 20 ) .
He is currently on bail and has said he would appeal against the order .
' Living in fear ' " This six - month punishment is not enough , it has hurt us , what kind of justice is this ? "
Ruchika 's father Subhas Chander Girhotra asked reporters in the northern Indian city of Chandigarh on Thursday .
" We want exemplary punishment for him so that Indian children can be safe in future .
My daughter is dead , but at least no other girl should meet the same fate , " he said , sobbing .
" All these years , we have stayed underground due to harassment .
We would got knocks in the middle of the night .
He was the director general of police - who could we turn to for help ?
" We are still living in fear . "
Television footage , showing a laughing and unrepentant Mr Rathore following the court order , has angered many civil rights groups .
This six - month punishment is not enough , it has hurt us , what kind of justice is this ?
Subhas Chander Girhotra Campaigners say he should be tried for " abetment of suicide " which carries a much longer jail sentence .
Analysts say Ruchika 's case is a classic example of misuse of official power by a police officer who used his influence and contacts to escape punishment for nearly two decades for his crime .
Ruchika was a budding tennis player when she was assaulted by Mr Rathore , a senior police officer and president of Haryana state Lawn Tennis Association .
After her family lodged a complaint with the Haryana chief minister , the state police chief RR Singh was asked to investigate the case .
In his report , Mr Singh said there was credible evidence in the allegations and ordered the police to file a case against Mr Rathore .
This was just the beginning of nightmares for Girhotra family as Mr Rathore used his influence to harass them .
She was thrown out of school for " late fee payment " and her 14 - year - old brother Ashu was falsely charged with theft several times until the Punjab and Haryana high court intervened and ordered an end to his harassment .
Unable to deal with the trauma , Ruchika committed suicide in December 1993 and her family went into hiding .
In 1997 , the case was handed over to the federal police , Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) , which concluded Mr Rathore was guilty and formally pressed charges in court in 2000 .
In the meantime , Mr Rathore was promoted to the head of Haryana police .
In a case that took 19 years to reach a conclusion , Ruchika 's family and friends say they are disappointed by the verdict and will continue campaigning to get justice .
A candle - lit march will be held in Delhi on Thursday in a bid to mobilise support for their campaign .
Anand Prakash , father of the sole witness , says , " We will see to it that justice is done . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We are happy to announce , it is now more easy than ever ( at least for Linux users ) , to enjoy playing Planet M.U.L.E. without the hassle of setting up your system with the right Java , packages , etc. : Introducing a completely self - contained AppImage version , simply download one file , make it executable ( usually right - click in your filemanager and [… ]
A UN spokesman said Mr Karzai had said he would “ fully respect the constitutional order ” .
But the president was said to be furious with the findings , while the Karzai - appointed election committee , which must certify the final results , also signalled that it would not accept them .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Mr Karzai would announce on Tuesday how he planned to proceed in the Afghan elections .
STATEN ISLAND , N.Y. , Dec. 7 ( SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE ) —
Leading scholars concerned about today ’s men and boys will convene here April 7 , 2010 to plan for a new academic discipline focusing on male studies at the university level .
The event sponsored by The On Step Institute will be held at Wagner College and hosted by Professor Miles Groth , Ph.D. , Editor , The International Journal of Men ’s Health and Thymos : Journal of Boyhood Studies .
It will lay out the groundwork for the First International Conference on Male Studies scheduled for October 2010 and the launch of the Male Studies Journal .
According to Edward M. Stephens , M.D. OSI ’s chairman , the April session participants drawn from a range of college departments will examine the declining state of the male stemming from cataclysmic changes in the current culture , environment and global economy .
It will be co-chaired by Judith Kleinfeld , Ph.D. , Professor of Psychology and Director of the Boys Project at the University of Alaska and Lionel Tiger , Ph.D. , Rutgers University Charles Darwin Professor of Anthropology .
It will encompass a broad range of topics relevant to the study of boys and men in contemporary society ranging from their roles in the family , and workforce , as well as their physical and emotional health , to the growing problem of misandry — the hatred of males , an unacknowledged but underlying socio-cultural , economic , political and legal phenomenon endangering the well - being of both genders .
The April consortium will consider the nature and structure of male studies programs designed for major institutions of higher education .
Dr. Stephens said it will draw on OSI ’s current experience funding graduate fellowships at New York University ’s Steinhardt School of Education , Culture and Human Development .
The consortium will seek to generate a cross- disciplinary community of scholars in male studies and establish a series of networks enabling them to become acquainted with each other ’s work .
Dr. Stephens noted that while a handful .of schools , on occasion , now offer a few courses dealing with males in various departments — literature , history , anthropology , etc. — they do not provide effective insight into the immense problems confronting males in the 21st century .
This , he says , requires an integrated approach across the spectrum of many academic disciplines .
Panels for the April gathering will include leading authorities on males and masculinity including Rocco Capraro , Ph.D. , Hobart William Smith College Associate Dean and Director , the Program for Men ’s Studies ; Gar Kellom , Ph.D. , Minnesota ’s Saint John ’s University and editor of Developing Effective Programs and Services for College Men ; and Katherine Young , Ph.D. and Paul Nathanson , Ph.D , both of McGill University , co-authors of Spreading Misandry : The Teaching of Contempt for Men in Popular Culture , Legalizing Misandry : From Public Shame to Systemic Discrimination Against Men ; Sanctifying Misandry : Goddess Ideology and the Fall of Man ; and the forthcoming Transcending Misandry : From Feminist Ideology to Intersexual Dialogue .
For information about participating or registering for the April 7 event , please e-mail : wagnerconference@malestudies.org .
News issued by : The On Step Institute For Mental Health
Original Image : https://www.send2press.com/wire/images/09-1207-OnStep_72dpi.jpg
# # #
Original Story ID : ( 5528 ) :: 2009-12-1207-005
Original Keywords : Wagner College and hosted by Professor Miles Groth phd , On Step Institute For Mental Health , new academic discipline , focusing on male studies at the university level , First International Conference on Male Studies scheduled for October 2010 and the launch of the Male Studies Journal , OSi , Elfenbein , misandry The On Step Institute For Mental Health
News Source : The On Step Institute For Mental Health
This is funny , and sad to say , some people do believe that if you are on Facebook or MySpace , you must be a sex offender .
We 've tended to measure our success with sequencing genomes in terms of our ability to sequence the billions of bases in the human genome .
But the progress has made completing the genomes of bacteria , which are typically a thousand times smaller , relatively trivial .
For these organisms , we actually have the luxury of being able to do a thorough survey of genomes .
So far , however , the emphasis has been on sequencing the ones we know well : the lab strains , those associated with major diseases , etc .
A new paper takes an approach that 's less driven by self - interest .
Its authors surveyed hundreds of strains of bacteria and archaea that we know how to culture , and picked 200 of them that are broadly dispersed across the tree of life , based on the sequence of a ribosomal RNA gene .
They 're now in the process of completing the genomes of all of them , and the paper serves as an interim report .
So far , it seems to be working .
The ribosomal RNA gene provided a fair estimate for identifying distant relatives , and the complete genome sequences have revealed many genes that we 've never seen before .
Over 10 percent of the gene families ( groups of similar genes that appear in multiple species ) are completely new to biologists .
Some of the individual gens are rather interesting .
Biofuel efforts have focused attention on the enzymes that break down the cellulose in wood .
The survey found 35 new relatives of these genes , even though the organisms sequenced only included two that are known to digest cellulose .
They 've also identified the first and ( so far ) only bacterial version of the actin gene , which eukaryotes use to build their cells ' internal skeletons .
The authors suggest that it 's probably used as part of a bacterial attack on these cells , where it interferes with the eukaryotic version .
Since the ribosomal RNA gene acted as a decent proxy for evolutionary distance , the authors used existing sequences to estimate how many bacteria and archaea we'd have to sequence in order to get a full picture of the diversity we 're able to grow in the lab .
They estimate that we'd have to sequence about 1,500 strains in total in order to capture about half of the genetic diversity , something that seems well within reach of current technology .
A couple of other aspects of the work seem worthy of mention .
For starters , they used just about all of the major sequencing technologies that were on the market as the work was being done , including some of the newer , high - throughput methods that were used for the recently described panda genome .
The other thing is that the last author of the paper , Jonathan Eisen ( who was kind enough to provide the image below ) , is a major proponent of open access science .
So , not only are the sequences going into a public repository , something that is typical for genome work , but Nature has agreed to publish the paper under a Creative Commons license .
So , anyone who 's curious for the details can go have a look .
Nature , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08656
A genomic tree of bacterial life .
Click to see the full - resolution version at Nature
Listing image by Jonathan Eisen
Hey hey
here ’s those Lil Wayne mixes I did .
Included the instrumentals for the heads .
http://www.zshare.net/download/69282562755a5e79/
It 's the turn of musical album covers to get a Lego make - over , you will find album covers of Nirvana , Oasis , Radiohead , Bob Dylan , Iron Maiden … and many more .
Yep , its official , there really is nothing that can not be created with Lego.speckyboy.com
When two baboon troops go to war
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Two troops of baboons have been filmed going to war , with hundreds of monkeys entering into a pitched battle .
The fight , filmed by the BBC Natural History Unit , appears to be triggered by male baboons attempting to steal females from the harems of rivals .
Usually , the two troops live relatively peacefully alongside one another on a 1 km - long cliff in the Awash National Park in Ethiopia .
But they violently clash in a sequence broadcast as part of the series Life .
" The scale of the fight and the way the males are so dominant is just unparalleled in primate society , " says Miss Rosie Thomas , a member of the Life production team who filmed the sequence .
Baboons are one of the most aggressive primates out there
Miss Rosie Thomas
BBC Life production team member Baboons live in complex male - led societies .
Scientists have identified four levels at which baboons organise themselves .
At the smallest level , a dominant male baboon will control a harem of females .
A number of these one - male units , as scientists call them , may organise into clans of monkeys .
Units and clans can gather into much larger social groupings , which are called bands .
The monkeys within each band coordinate their activities , acting as a cohesive social unit .
Many bands also hang out as part of a huge troop .
A single troop of Hamadryas baboons ( Papio hamadryas ) can contain several hundred individuals .
Inter - troop warfare
At a site called Filoha in the Awash National Park of lowland Ethiopia , scientists including Dr Mathew Pines have been studying how the interactions between these different groups of baboons play out .
A film crew from the BBC Natural History Unit spent five weeks at the site recording the action , alongside Dr Pines and other researchers working for the Filoha Hamadryas Baboon Project .
Four baboon troops live at the cliff in Filoha .
Two are relatively small and are difficult to follow and study as they are not habituated to the presence of researchers .
Ready for battle
However , two troops that live alongside one another are huge , with over 200 monkeys in each .
These troops occasionally clash as they move down from the cliff upon which they sleep to find water , researchers have discovered .
It is the demand for females that usually triggers inter - troop warfare .
Male baboons are either dominant , controlling a harem , or they are ' followers ' - helping to protect the harem in exchange for occasional access to the females and mating rights .
However , a number of young males are solitary , having no access to females .
They cannot steal them from the dominant males in their troop .
" If they are trying to steal them from within their group , they have to overthrow the dominant male to keep them , or the dominant male will just steal them back , " says Miss Thomas .
" But if they can see an opportunity to steal them from another group , it is much more difficult for the male to steal the female back . "
And when these males raid another troop , it sparks a pitch battle .
Once the fight is over , the females often suffer further .
Males will often attack females in their harem for having considered the attentions of interloping solitary males .
" Baboons are one of the most aggressive primates out there , " says Miss Thomas .
" What 's interesting about hamadryas baboons is the way they control their social structure through aggression .
Just seeing some of the males disciplining their females - it really is quite nasty , " she says .
Clan discovery
Such huge troops form for a number of reasons .
They offer the baboons protection against predators such as lion , leopard and hyena , researchers believe .
Scarred by battle Large amounts of doum palms in the region also allow such large groups of baboon to live together .
When food becomes scarce , the monkeys then split into smaller bands and units .
The complexity of baboon society is also reinforced by a study published last month in the American Journal of Primatology .
Dr Amy Schreier of Duke University in Durham , North Carolina and Dr Larissa Swedell of the City University of New York in Flushing , New York have discovered more about a fourth level of social organisation among the baboons .
As well as troops , bands and single - male units , Drs Schreier and Swedell have confirmed that baboons organise themselves into clans , a discovery first made in the 1970s by researcher Jean - Jacques Abegglen at another site , Erer Gota .
The researchers cannot yet be sure , but they suspect that clans are collections of related males .
When a band splits up , usually because of scare food , males tend to break away along clan lines , forming inter-related groups , say the researchers .
Clan members are also more likely to secure access to females .
The hamadryas baboons at Filoha are only the second population of hamadryas known to organise into clans , though Dr Swedell says it is likely that all hamadryas baboons form clans .
" Baboon wars " is broadcast within the Primates episode of the BBC series Life at 2100GMT on BBC One on Monday 14 December .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This came via e-mail from a legitimate source :
As a former staffer for one of these Senators [ on the Banking Committee ] , I ’ll just point out the obvious : most of them have their fingers in the wind right now .
they ’re leaning to confirm BB , because they do n’t want to be out on a limb , and there ’s a lot of talk coming from Wall Street that continuity is absolutely necessary to maintain investor confidence , and that BB is critical in this regard .
On the other hand , they recognize that the Fed is very unpopular .
If they see signs of strong sentiment against the Fed , they may vote against him , but this is all about politics right now .
As an aside , the Fed is kind of asking for this by pushing so hard to be the central regulator .
As a rule , central banks get to be independent , opaque , and imperious towards the people ; primary regulators do not .
Surprised that all the genius economists at the Fed are n’t recognizing this basic dynamic .
Notice several key messages :
1 . As with the TARP , the threat is that if action is not taken , the markets will go to hell .
With the TARP , the markets went to hell after its passage anyhow .
If the markets are significantly misvalued as some feel ( Roubini , John Hussman , to name a few ) , they will correct .
If confirming or not confirming Bernanke is part of this dynamic , all it will affect is the timing , not the outcome .
2 . This notion of Bernanke being “ critical ” further suggests that Wall Street believes or knows he has and will manipulate markets on their behalf .
Of course , Bernanke did so in an explicit way with the $ 1 trillion Treasury / Agency market intervention that started in March and is tailing off now .
And of course , there has been the raft of special facilities , but those are supposedly being wound down now .
Has there been even more , as some have charged , than what has been made public ?
3 . As an aside , this also confirms that at least some of the media is being spun successfully , as our post on Bloomberg ’s unduly reports on Bernanke shows .
That story said the confirmation is a done deal ; this and other reports say there is a real possibility he could be nixed .
4 . Most important , this says your action can make a difference .
The big issue here is not the financial markets but the real economy .
Bernanke was unwilling to intervene in markets , namely the subprime / housing bubble when it would have hurt Wall Street and saved us this mess .
He ( and Paulson and Geithner ) falsely sold the bailouts on the idea that they would get lending going and trickle down the little guy .
But that was false , unemployment is rising , the banks are not lending .
Bernanke not only has no plan B , and more important , he has NO INTEREST in a plan B , such as really cleaning up the banks , which would be painful short term but would set the foundation for a recovery .
We are now on our way to Japan style malaise .
PLEASE call or e-mail your Senator if you haven not done so , particularly if he is on the Banking Committee .
See here for contact info .
Thanks !
Eco -Nature Care™ is committed to using only what we need and we encourage you to do the same .
We do n’t use any superfluous ingredients in our products like added color and we apply the same minimized philosophy to our packaging .
You might have noticed that we do n’t use bottles with pumps and other froufrou features because they really are n’t necessary .
Both are bottles are caps are made of the same recyclable aluminum .
This means that the cap and bottle can be easily recycled in one place .
Bottles with pumps and other components are much more complicated .
The bottles may be recyclable but the springs , straw , and pump are not .
Over time these excess pieces can really add up and end up in landfills .
Continue reading →
Audio :
Live feed of underlying pandemic map data
Ukraine Dead Approach 400 - D225G Spreads
Recombinomics Commentary 23:30
November 24 , 2009
1,679,237 Influenza / ARI
99,661 Hospitalized
397 Dead
The above figures from the latest daily update from the Ukraine Ministry of Health support a decline in the rate of increases of cases and deaths , but the total is now almost 400 fatalities ( see map ) .
The spread was likely slowed by the country - wide closing of schools along with warmer weather .
However , it is likely that the virus will return as temperatures drop and the traditional flu season begins , although it is unclear if seasonal flu will be in circulation in 2010 .
The receptor binding domain change , D225G , was in four of four sequence from fatal cases , raising concerns that the 2,3 alpha specificity of D225G drove the H1N1 to the lungs and the total destruction .
Three patients in Norway were said to also have D225G , and two of the three died while the third had been in serious condition .
25 HA sequences from Norway were deposited at Genbank , but only one had D225G , and it was a mixture .
In Brazil both patients with D225G in lung samples had died , and the case in China had been in serious condition .
However , the severity of the infection may be related to the ratio of sequences with and without D255G , as well as viral load , because milder cases involving D225G have also been reported in the United States and Hong Kong .
More detail on additional cases , including sequences from upper and lower respiratory tract from the same patient would be useful .
We ’re LeafLabs , an engineering services company made of smart people who love hard problems and elegant solutions .
Our big picture expertise , combined with the flexibility and creativity of a small team , allows us to bring together the ingenuity of research with the speed needed for industry .
Take a look around at some of our previous projects and our services , then when you 're ready , please get in touch .
We 're excited to hear about what you 're working on and discuss how we might be able to help .
Issue # 121 • January / February , 2010
In a time when what used to be called “ the women ’s liberation movement ” has achieved many of its goals in terms of equality and empowerment , the concept that guns are somehow evil icons of male brutality has managed to survive as the longest - standing relic of the old “ Suzie Housewife mentality . ”
Political enfranchisement ?
Of course !
Entry into previously male - exclusive job markets ?
A done deal , for the most part .
Economic power and self - determination ?
You bet .
But defend yourself and your loved ones against a deadly criminal , by resorting to a gun of your own ?
“ OMG !!!
You ’re just surrendering to the brutal male mentality ! ”
Aggressively forward stance helps the slender Jacqueline Smith , at right .
She follows her training in an LFI qualification and leans farther forward than 160 - lb. male author , left .
Final score proved VERY close …
If I may say so in a family magazine … What A Crock !
The attitude part
In almost thirty years of teaching female armed citizens , and longer than that teaching female cops , I ’ve come to the conclusion that once you get past old - fashioned cultural predispositioning , women may actually be better and more decisive students of the gun .
You do n’t jump up on a chair and shriek when you see a mouse in the kitchen ?
You do n’t exclaim , “ I declare !
I do believe I have a case of the vapors coming on , ” and faint when there ’s trouble ?
Goodindications are that you ’re on the way to getting past the cultural canard that women are supposed to be helpless and totally reliant on men to protect them .
Most firearms instructors agree that women have a faster learning curve than men in this discipline .
They tend to have better fine motor coordination , as a rule , and pulling a trigger without deviating the muzzle off target is most definitely a fine motor skill .
Their biggest advantage is that they are not born believing that because of their gender , they automatically know how to do something masculine .
I ’ve found that the female student more than the male wants to know , not just “ how do you do that ? ” but “ why do you do it that way ? ”
With a proper explanation , she follows instructions , finds the results good , and moves on .
With some of the males not all , certainly , but some the reaction is , “ Ungawa !
If Mongo do what instructor say , Mongo become ‘ beta ’ and instructor become ‘ alpha . ’
I , MONGO , am alpha !
Mongo must keep doing it Mongo ’s way !
Ungawa ! ”
It ’s like de-programming cult victims sometimes …
There is a misperception that women wo n’t have the intestinal fortitude to pull the trigger when it ’s necessary .
That ’s only true with an armed female who has bought into the “ jump - on - the - chair - when - you - see - a - mouse ” mentality .
The female of the species , once she understands the situation , has no illusions that she ’s supposed to kick the knife out of the attacker ’s hand , or knock him unconscious with a right cross like the Lone Ranger .
She ’s less likely to hesitate .
An outdoorswoman who is hunting to feed her family is not going to break down in weepy - eye flashbacks to Walt Disney ’s film Bambi when the venison is in her sights ; she ’s going to hold her aim steady , and smoothly press the trigger back .
This Sabre Defense AR15 carbine has its collapsible stock closed , for its smallest - stature user …
… and now the stock is extended for a user with long arms .
This type of stock adapts the gun to all sizes of family members .
As I ’ve watched women train over the years , I ’ve seen other differences compared to the men .
When the guys shoot a qualification , there ’s ( usually good - natured ) teasing .
“ Hey , Buddy , ya dropped a point there !
I ’m ahead of you so far ! ”
When the gals do the same , particularly in an all - female class , the difference is stark .
The theme is mutual support : “ You ’re doing great , Sylvia !
You ’re only one point down !
You go , girl ! ”
The hardware
Most guns were designed by men , for men .
The “ pull ” measurement ( the distance between butt and trigger on a rifle or shotgun ) will , in standard models , be designed for an average - size adult male .
That means they may fit a tall woman .
A lady of average height , or one of more petite proportions , will have to lean back off balance to hold it to her shoulder to aim .
The gunstock can be customized by a gunsmith ( or by an individual who is really handy with tools and really knows the gun in question ) .
Or , in many cases , it can simply be ordered with a “ youth stock . ”
Why , you may ask , do n’t they ever call it a “ women ’s stock ? ”
Ah , a topic opens here .
We are a nation that tries to put racism behind it , and ca n’t quite achieve that .
We are a nation that would probably like to put misogyny behind it , but ca n’t achieve that , either .
Historically and culturally , the gun has been perceived as a “ male only ” object .
And frankly , in many respects , a male - only totem .
How many young boys with even a hint of machismo about them would want a first - time hunting rifle or shotgun with a “ women ’s stock ” for Christmas ?
On the other hand , many slender women have grown accustomed to buying practical jeans in “ boys ’ sizes , ” and more women have purchased sneakers or boots in “ youth sizes , ” too .
It ’s a marketing thing .
If we can just set that part of it aside , the main point we take from it is : “ youth stocks ” fit smaller - statured people , among whom are a lot of women .
Therefore , youth stocks are extremely useful for adapting shotguns and rifles to female shooters .
Kathy Jackson , author of articles , books , and the great www.corneredcat.com website , runs to slidelock with the last shot from her Glock 19 , and her aggressive stance keeps the muzzle on target in “ follow - through . ”
Photo from an LFI class at Firearms Academy of Seattle .
One of the little - recognized reasons why AR15 rifles have become so hugely popular in America in the practical rural world as well as the defensive urban sector is that , before the onerous Bill Clinton “ Assault Weapons ” Ban of 1994 - 2004 , these guns could and now again can be had with telescoping stocks .
The most common is the so - called “ M4 ” variety , which offers four positions , though you can get more options than that .
The most petite female can shoulder , aim , and effectively fire an AR15 with the stock closed to its most “ collapsed ” point .
Tall folks can still handle the rifle comfortably and effectively by simply pulling it all the way out to its maximum length .
This makes an AR15 with a telescoping stock a “ family gun , ” if you will .
Momma Bear , Poppa Bear , and Baby Bear can all make it work if they know what to do with it , and in an instant can adjust the gun to fit them .
We ’re seeing similar telescoping stocks made available for shotguns such as that classic “ backwoods home ” scattergun , the Remington 870 slide action .
We ’re also seeing it available now for the popular Ruger Mini - 14 .
It was not for nothing that one of the most popular models of Mini - 14 was named by Ruger the “ Ranch Rifle . ”
Adaptability is good .
In a rural family setting , whether the gun is needed to put food on the table , keep the fox from the chicken coop , or repel the proverbial wolf from the door , a gun which responsible young people , petite moms , and burly dads can all use interchangeably makes a helluva lot of sense , in this observer ’s opinion .
With handguns as well as rifles or shotguns , fit to the user is important .
Nationwide , we ’re seeing a huge increase in not only sales of pistols and revolvers , but applications for permits to carry them loaded and concealed in public .
Quite apart from what it says about social trends and crime predictions , for the self - sufficient rural family the issue is that when you need a gun , you often need it now , and do n’t have time to go back to the cabin , the tractor , or the horse to unlimber a long gun .
A handgun on your hip or in your pocket is always with you .
5 ’0 ″ Gail Pepin is about to put some .223 fire dead center into the target with a Ruger AC556 machine gun , the selective fire version of the Ruger Mini - 14 .
( Note selector switch at rear of receiver . )
Aggressive forward stance makes it possible for small women to control hard - kicking guns .
The last time I saw someone threatened by a potentially lethal snake , there were lots of rifles and shotguns “ available ” … a hundred or more yards away .
What was readily available was the 9 mm
Glock pistol holstered on my hip , which I used to blow the serpent ’s brain out and end the fear .
Handguns like long gunstend to be designed and built “ by fighting men , for fighting men . ”
If you look at the history of “ fighting men ” ( more in the police service than in the military service , actually ) you find that larger males were given preference over the smaller ones for certain duties .
At the time little Audie Murphy became the most highly decorated soldier of WWII , there were many police departments back home that would n’t have hired him because he did n’t make the height and weight requirements .
Read this late , great hero ’s autobiography , To Hell and Back , and you ’ll see that Murphy ’s preferred fighting guns were the little M1 carbine ( not to be confused with the much bigger , much more powerful M1 Garand rifle in caliber .30 - 06 , which weighed nearly twice as much ) , and the Model 1911A1 pistol .
A “ backwoods home ” kind of kid , Audie Murphy had grown up feeding his family with animals he shot in the woods .
He had become a deadly marksman .
The little M1 carbine fit his small stature , and he littered the ground of Europe with German soldiers he killed with his .
The M/1911A1 pistol had been redesigned from the original M/1911 after WWI to fit smaller hands , because in a time when the average male was smaller than males today , the first model ’s trigger had been too long to reach effectively .
Today , in a time when the average adult American male stands much taller than his counterpart in the year 1918 ( thanks to better nutrition , better prenatal care , and similar factors ) , most makers of 1911 - style pistols have gone back to the earlier , longer triggers .
However , short 1911A1 triggers are still available , and they perfectly fit small hands with short fingers .
The dimension called “ pull ” factor on a rifle or shotgun is best described as “ trigger reach ” on a handgun .
It is measured on the hand from the center of the web of the hand to the contact point of the finger on the trigger , and on the gun from the center of the curve of the trigger to the backstrap of the handgun ’s frame .
A person with large hands / long fingers can make do with a short - trigger - reach handgun , but a person with small hands / short fingers may not be able to get enough leverage on a gun that has a heavy pull and a long reach to even pull the trigger to make it fire .
Ace instructor Vicki Farnam , far right , prepares some of her female students to go to the firing line and learn to master “ male only ( bwahaha ! ) technology . ”
Whether we ’re talking rifle , shotgun , or handgun , one principle will hold true : the larger person can adapt to the smaller person ’s gun better than the smaller person can adapt to the larger ’s .
I stand a more or less average 5 ’ 10 ” tall ; my significant other barely reaches five feet in height .
If she uses MY shotgun , she has to cantilever her shoulders backwards to hold it up , which takes her off balance , and she simply wo n’t shoot it well .
But if I take her youth - stock Remington 1100 semiautomatic shotgun , all I have to do is pull it in tighter to my shoulder , and I can run it just fine .
The bottom line is a simple one : make sure the firearm in question fits the smallest person authorized to use it , and the largest person in the family will be able to make do with it .
The opposite is not true .
( Yes , Audie Murphy won his Congressional Medal of Honor firing a humongous .50 caliber Browning M2 machinegun from the top of a burning tank destroyer .
However , the built - in stand for the gun compensated for his compact physical size .
Yes , Audie Murphy once wiped out a German staff car and all its occupants with a roughly 20 - pound Browning Automatic Rifle he grabbed from a larger soldier as the vehicle loomed near … but neither you nor I are the reincarnation of Audie Murphy . )
Shooting techniques
Women tend to have less upper body strength and hand strength than men of the same height .
That ’s not an advantage , from the standpoint of shooting a gun effectively .
The other side of the coin is that women tend to have a lower center of gravity than their brothers the same height , and pound for pound tend to be stronger from the waist down .
This is why the twin sister beats the twin brother in something like “ Indian leg wrestling , ” and it ’s why women need to pay more attention to shooting stance than men of the same size .
Can small women handle big shotguns ?
6 ′ - plus male holds electronic timer ( left ) as petite female ( center ) prepares to tear apart a man - size target with 5 blasts of buckshot in roughly 2 seconds with her shotgun .
Average - size lady in LFI - II class , at right , is about to follow …
The stance the body position when you fire the gunrequires upper body weight to be forward so it goes against the recoil force .
The good news for the female shooter is that having that lower center of
gravity and approximately 30 degrees more flexibility in the pelvic axis than a typical man of the same height , she can flex forward and get into the gun better , if she has just been taught to do it .
With rifle , shotgun , or handgun , if a 220 - pound male body - builder with 7 % body fat leans backward as he fires , the recoil force of the gun will cantilever him backward and send the muzzle jumping so high that the next shot might hit a duck in the air , but not a deer on the ground .
However , if a 110 - pound female shooter has her body weight maybe 60 % onto a flexed forward leg , and is digging her rear heel into the ground with the rear leg ’s knee just unlocked , and her upper body is forward of center , her body dynamics will almost instantly overcome the recoil force of the weapon and snap her gun back on target for an immediate second shot if that is necessary .
Physically small people with limited body strength who know how to use what they have to work with , will almost invariably outshoot big , strong people shooting with old - fashioned techniques .
( Umm…did I mention Audie Murphy already ? )
The proof is out there
Do a Google search of winners of National Championship rifle matches in the United States over the last several years .
Your research will show you that a disproportionate number of the relatively few women who compete against men have won the overall National Championship titles .
Rifle shooting involves firing from awkward positions , such as sitting .
Female flexibility has an advantage here .
We ’ve talked about the fine motor skill factor , but consider also that little thing called “ concentration , ” which so many professional educators say favors the female over the male .
Is concentration a factor in shooting well ?
Do bears go potty in the woods ?
Shotguns ?
One name for you : Kim Rhode .
This young woman has for many years been America ’s superstar in Olympic shotgun shooting .
Women and Guns
Women and guns seem to go together naturally in my view and in the views of some others : there ’s an excellent periodical by that title edited by my long - time friend Peggy Tartaro and published by The New Shotgun News and the Second Amendment Foundation .
They have some of the top authorities in the field writing for them , and subscriptions to Women and Guns are available for one year / six issues for $ 18 , or two years / twelve issues for $ 33 from SAF Periodical Group , PO Box 35 , Buffalo , NY 14205 .
www.womenshooters.com
Handguns ?
Go to a top - level “ practical pistol competition ” and shoot against Jessica Abbate , Julie Goloski-Golob , Randi Rogers , or Laura Torres - Reyes .
If you beat them , get back to me and then talk about “ natural male superiority , ” Testosterone Boy .
The bottom line
For God ’s sake , people , we ’ve seen the role models here , in the pages of Backwoods Home Magazine , over many years .
Jackie Clay takes her Winchester Model 94 .30 - 30 , the quintessential deer rifle , into the woods and shoots a white - tail , cleans the carcass , and takes it home and butchers it into steaks and chops and stew and burgers with which to feed her family .
Annie Tuttle , our editor at Backwoods
Home , not only takes over from The Patriarch and runs the whole damn magazine , but makes sure that she and her babies are safe at home while her husband serves his country overseas in the United States Armed Forces .
Her home protection system goes up to and includes a Springfield Armory SOCOM - 16 , short enough for a petite female to handle with aplomb , and chambered for 7.62 mm NATO , deadly enough to do a remarkably convincing imitation of what Audie Murphy did to that WWII Nazi vehicle and every enemy combatant on board , with a Browning Automatic Rifle .
If any violent home invaders attempt to intrude on this little mother ’s nest of babies , I know the attackers ’ autopsy reports will be ugly to read , but my own final assessment would be “ Cause of Death of Intruders : Sudden and Acute Failure of the Victim Selection Process . ”
The lioness is often more formidable than the lion .
No instinct is stronger than that of mother protecting child .
There is nothing unfeminine about strength and empowerment .
One of the best informational resources I can recommend for either gender is www.corneredcat.com, by the formidable Kathy Jackson .
Armed and Female by Paxton Quigley is another great read , and Gila Hayes ’ new book , Personal Defense for Women came out last fall .
End of discussion as far as I ’m concerned … but you can always debate the issue with me on my blog .
Reader Boballab found this an entire day before it was supposed to be released .
It ’s a paper written byJoseph D’Aleo and Anthony Watts for the Science and Public Policy Institute .
Many of us are familiar with the accusations made by D’Aleo and EM Smith regarding the systematic elimination of colder temperature stations .
They claimed that there is specific intent to distort the temperature record to inflate the true temperatures today .
Not that hard to believe considering what we ’ve recently learned from Climategate and the IPCC , however this paper goes a step further .
It ’s a comprehensive report on the numerous flaws in the dataset , including surfacestations , data elimination and a variety of other issues .
The report is 111 pages long and to put it simply , it contains the single strongest worded accusations against climate science of anything I ’ve read from qualified skeptics .
Here ’s a quote :
That is to say , leading meteorological institutions in the USA and around the world have so systematically tampered with instrumental temperature data that it cannot be safely said that there has been any significant net “ global warming ” in the 20th century .
The report is handled on a single page with a summary for policymakers .
I would encourage any ( both ) policymakers who stop by to consider that these claims are being made by qualified people with background and ability to understand the data and implications .
1. Instrumental temperature data for the pre-satellite era ( 1850 - 1980 ) have been so widely , systematically , and unidirectionally tampered with that it cannot be credibly asserted there has been any significant “ global warming ” in the 20th century .
2 . All terrestrial surface - temperature databases exhibit very serious problems that render them useless for determining accurate long - term temperature trends .
3 . All of the problems have skewed the data so as greatly to overstate observed warming both regionally and globally .
4. Global terrestrial temperature data are gravely compromised because more than three - quarters of the 6,000 stations that once existed are no longer reporting .
5 . There has been a severe bias towards removing higher - altitude , higher - latitude , and rural stations , leading to a further serious overstatement of warming .
6. Contamination by urbanization , changes in land use , improper siting , and inadequately - calibrated instrument upgrades further overstates warming .
7 . Numerous peer - reviewed papers in recent years have shown the overstatement of observed longer term warming is 30 - 50 % from heat - island contamination alone .
8. Cherry - picking of observing sites combined with interpolation to vacant data grids may make heat - island bias greater than 50 % of 20th - century warming .
9 . In the oceans , data are missing and uncertainties are substantial .
Comprehensive coverage has only been available since 2003 , and shows no warming .
10 . Satellite temperature monitoring has provided an alternative to terrestrial stations in compiling the global lower - troposphere temperature record .
Their findings are increasingly diverging from the station - based constructions in a manner consistent with evidence of a warm bias in the surface temperature record .
11 . NOAA and NASA , along with CRU , were the driving forces behind the systematic hyping of 20th - century “ global warming ” .
12 . Changes have been made to alter the historical record to mask cyclical changes that could be readily explained by natural factors like multidecadal ocean and solar changes .
13 . Global terrestrial data bases are seriously flawed and can no longer be trusted to assess climate trends or VALIDATE model forecasts .
14 .
An inclusive external assessment is essential of the surface temperature record of CRU , GISS and NCDC “ chaired and paneled by mutually agreed to climate scientists who do not have a vested interest in the outcome of the evaluations . ”
15 . Reliance on the global data by both the UNIPCC and the US GCRP / CCSP also requires a full investigation and audit .
Thanks again to the omnipresent boballab who ’s quick emails allowed Anthony and crew to release the report in an orderly fashion .
Check out the full Damning report thsurface_temp [ 1 ]
The original post at the SPPI is here .
Honestly , CO2 does catch / retard / slow down heat .
It ’s just the truth .
More CO2 , more warming , however , there is absolutely no guarantee that the warming is enough to be measurable .
Our understanding is n’t good enough on how the climate reacts and those that say it is , are not being honest with you .
I ’ll stop there because these bastard advocaticians want me to be a denier .
They spend every day of their lives messing with reality to an extent that reasonable people have no choice .
We want data , we want code , we want truth , the problem is we appear to be asking a bunch of paid liars to give it to us .
Palestinian security agents who have been detaining and allegedly torturing supporters of the Islamist organisation Hamas in the West Bank have been working closely with the CIA , the Guardian has learned .
Less than a year after Barack Obama signed an executive order that prohibited torture and provided for the lawful interrogation of detainees in US custody , evidence is emerging the CIA is co-operating with security agents whose continuing use of torture has been widely documented by human rights groups .
The relationship between the CIA and the two Palestinian agencies involved – Preventive Security Organisation ( PSO ) and General Intelligence Service ( GI ) – is said by some western diplomats and other officials in the region to be so close that the American agency appears to be supervising the Palestinians ' work .
One senior western official said : " The [ Central Intelligence ]
Agency consider them as their property , those two Palestinian services . "
A diplomatic source added that US influence over the agencies was so great they could be considered " an advanced arm of the war on terror " .
While the CIA and the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) deny the US agency controls its Palestinian counterparts , neither denies that they interact closely in the West Bank .
Details of that co-operation are emerging as some human rights organisations are beginning to question whether US intelligence agencies may be turning a blind eye to abusive interrogations conducted by other countries ' intelligence agencies with whom they are working .
According to the Palestinian watchdog al - Haq , human rights in the West Bank and Gaza have " gravely deteriorated due to the spreading violations committed by Palestinian actors " this year .
Most of those held without trial and allegedly tortured in the West Bank have been supporters of Hamas , which won the Palestinian elections in 2006 but is denounced as a terrorist organisation by the PA – which in turn is dominated by the rival Fatah political faction – and by the US and EU .
In the Gaza Strip , where Hamas has been in control for more than two years , there have been reports of its forces detaining and torturing Fatah sympathisers in the same way .
Among the human rights organisations that have documented or complained about the mistreatment of detainees held by the PA in the West Bank are Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch , al - Haq and the Israeli watchdog B'Tselem .
Even the PA 's human rights commission has expressed " deep concern " over the mistreatment of detainees .
The most common complaint is that detainees are severely beaten and subjected to a torture known as shabeh , during which they are shackled and forced to assume painful positions for long periods .
There have also been reports of sleep deprivation , and of large numbers of detainees being crammed into small cells to prevent rest .
Instead of being brought before civilian courts , almost all the detainees enter a system of military justice under which they need not be brought before a court for six months .
According to PA officials , between 400 and 500 Hamas sympathisers are held by the PSO and GI .
Some of the mistreatment has been so severe that at least three detainees have died in custody this year .
The most recent was Haitham Amr , a 33 - year - old nurse and Hamas supporter from Hebron who died four days after he was detained by GI officials last June .
Extensive bruising around his kidneys suggested he had been beaten to death .
Among those who died in GI custody last year was Majid al - Barghuti , 42 , an imam at a village near Ramallah .
While there is no evidence that the CIA has been commissioning such mistreatment , human rights activists say it would end promptly if US pressure was brought to bear on the Palestinian authorities .
Shawan Jabarin , general director of al - Haq , said : " The Americans could stop it any time .
All they would have to do is go to [ prime minister ]
Salam Fayyad and tell him they were making it an issue ..
Then they could deal with the specifics : they could tell him that detainees needed to be brought promptly before the courts . "
A diplomat in the region said " at the very least " US intelligence officers were aware of the torture and not doing enough to stop it .
He added : " There are a number of questions for the US administration : what is their objective , what are their rules of engagement ?
Do they train the GI and PSO according to the manual which was established by the previous administration , including water - boarding ?
Are they in control , or are they just witnessing ? "
Sa'id Abu - Ali , the PA 's interior minister , accepted detainees had been tortured and some had died , but said such abuses had not been official policy and steps were being taken to prevent them .
He said such abuses " happen in every country in the world " .
Abu - Ali sought initially to deny the CIA was " deeply involved " with the two Palestinian intelligence agencies responsible for the torture of Hamas sympathisers , but then conceded that links did exist .
" There is a connection , but there is no supervision by the Americans , " he said .
" It is solely a Palestinian affair .
But the Americans help us . "
The CIA does not deny working with the PSO and GI in the West Bank , although it will not say what use it has made of intelligence extracted during the interrogation of Hamas supporters .
But it denies turning what one official described as " a Nelson 's eye to abuse " .
The CIA 's spokesman , Paul Gimigliano , denied it played a supervisory role over the PSO or GI .
" The notion that this agency somehow runs other intelligence services … is simply wrong , " he said .
" The CIA … only supports , and is interested in , lawful methods that produce sound intelligence . "
Concern about detainee abuse is growing in the West Bank despite an effort by the international community to create Palestinian institutions that will guarantee greater security as a first step towards creating a Palestinian state .
More than half of the PA 's $ 2.8 bn ( £ 1.66 bn ) budget came from international donors last year ; more than a quarter was swallowed up by the ministry of the interior and national security .
Human Rights
Watch and al - Haq have said that in raising the security capacity of the PA , donor countries have a responsibility to ensure it observes international human rights standards .
At the heart of the international effort is the creation of the Palestinian national security force , a 7,500 - strong gendarmerie trained by US , British , Canadian and Turkish army officers under the command of a US general , Keith Dayton .
Many Palestinians blame Dayton for the mistreatment of Hamas sympathisers , although the general 's remit does not extend to either of the intelligence agencies responsible .
Some in Dayton 's team are said to have been warned by senior CIA officers that they should not attempt to interfere in the work of the PSO or GI .
Privately , some of them are said to fear that the mistreatment of detainees , and the anger this is arousing among the population , may undermine their mission .
One source said : " I know that Dayton and his crew are very concerned about what is happening in those detention centres because they know it can jeopardise their work . "
Enterprise :
You make a “ reservation ” for a general car class ( “ Compact ” , “ Full Size ” , etc. ) .
But when you show up , they ’re out of everything , and you ’re stuck with something that ’s not even close .
In my case , my “ Premium ” ( “ Nissan Maxima , Toyota Avalon or similar ” ) was interpreted as a Mini Cooper .
And while I enjoy driving Minis , they ’re absolutely not “ similar ” to a full - size , 4 - door , high - performance sedan .
( I needed more cargo space than a Mini offers , so they “ upgraded ” me to their only other available vehicle : a giant SUV .
Thanks a lot . )
Zipcar :
You get a list of the cars available at each location , and you reserve the exact car you want .
You know whether it ’s a Mazda3 or a BMW 328 .
You even know its color and license plate number ahead of time .
Enterprise : Despite the nice Japanese cars advertised on the website , most real - world cars stocked are cheap , lifeless Chevy Random Numbers or Chrysler Nothings .
Zipcar : Most cars stocked are desirable models within their respective classes .
Enterprise :
You have no idea what audio capabilities the car will have ahead of time , so if you ’re planning to listen to podcasts or an audiobook on your road trip , you probably need to burn a bunch of wasteful , single - use CDs .
Zipcar : Nearly all cars have aux - in jacks ( each car ’s listing tells you whether it has one ) , pre-wired with a 1/8 ” stereo male - to - male cable so you can plug in nearly any audio device you want .
The plugs are even shaped to accommodate first - generation iPhones .
Enterprise :
You can only pick up and return cars during limited business hours , and they ’re closed on Sundays .
It ’s therefore impossible to rent a car for only Saturday and Sunday , and if you ’re arriving home from a trip later in the evening than the branch ’s closing time ( usually around 6 PM ) , you need to book the rental to include the entire following day .
Zipcar : Pick up and return cars any time , 24/7 .
Enterprise : Minimum 1 - day rental , but since they ’re closed on Sundays , you often need to buy more than you need .
Calendar days , not total time , are charged : renting from Monday , 9 AM to Tuesday , 8 AM is a two - day rental .
Zipcar : Minimum 1 - hour rental .
But there ’s an unfortunate maximum of 3 days .
Billing is done by the half - hour , and the day rate is truly 24 hours : renting from Monday , 9 AM to Tuesday , 8 AM is a one - day rental .
Enterprise : Cars are kept in front of a sketchy office in a bad part of town .
Fake smalltalk with the employees is required when picking up and dropping off cars .
Zipcar : Cars are kept in lots or garages in upscale urban - residential neighborhoods .
Pickup requires , at most , telling a garage attendant which car you need .
Dropoff requires no interaction whatsoever .
Enterprise : Picking up takes a half hour ( assuming there ’s no line ) of paperwork with the paranoia - inducing clipboard walkaround .
Every scratch and scuff are stressful :
Is that big enough to count ?
How about that ?
Did I do that ?
Zipcar : Picking up only takes longer than a few seconds if a garage attendant needs to get the car out .
You ’re supposed to do a quick look around for noticeable damage and call them if you find any .
I never have .
Enterprise :
At the last minute , they scare you into buying high - priced add - on insurance .
Zipcar : Reasonable insurance is included at no charge .
Enterprise : Gas is n’t included , and their “ return it with as much as you got it with ” refill policy is likely to cause you to buy more gas than you use .
Alternately , they ’ll fill it for you for over $ 4 per gallon .
Either way , you end up paying more for gas than you should .
Zipcar : Gas is included at no charge — there ’s a gas card in the sun visor of every car .
Fill up with the card when you need gas .
Easy return policy : you must return it with at least a quarter of a tank .
Enterprise :
You must pay any tolls you encounter in cash , so you not only need to have enough cash on hand , but you usually need to wait in the much slower and longer lines for the cash toll booths .
Zipcar :
All cars have EZpass , with charges automatically passed through to your account .
Enterprise :
My most recent Enterprise car ’s exterior and glass were covered in salt residue .
Zipcar :
The cars are always clean , being detailed regularly by their garages ’ staff .
Enterprise : Unlimited mileage , except in some states .
Zipcar : Limited to 180 miles per day .
( Enterprise wins for very long trips . )
Overall : Enterprise is so expensive and miserable that I think I might start limiting my trips to 3 days just so I can use Zipcar instead .
I wish Zipcar would extend the limit to 4 - 5 days , but I understand why they do n’t .
Links
Top 9 Ninja Characteristics of Awesome Architecture Blogs
I ’ve searched far and wide to find some of the most awesome Architecture blogs known to man , which I ’m sure can only be written by real Ninjas .
9 Awesome Architecture blogs , each possessing a unique Ninja trait , contributing to their blog ’s awesomeness :
Illustration by Linda Bennett and Thomas Pitilli
Be sure to add these to your “ must read ” list :
Crumbling U.S. Treasury Bond Market Suggests Spike in Interest Rates 2010
The holiday season is here — and in just a couple of weeks , 2009 will fade into the history books .
I truly hope that you and your family enjoy these happy times .
But before I sign off for the year , I feel obligated to address one of the biggest threats to your wealth that ’s looming in 2010 .
I ’m talking about the very real prospect of “ failed ” Treasury auctions , plunging bond prices , and a big spike in long - term interest rates .
We touched on this issue briefly a week ago .
But this time , we ’re really going to get our hands dirty !
The Warning Signs Are There .
Please Do n’t Ignore
Them !
Each and every week , the U.S. government sells Treasuries to fund its operations .
Four - week bills .
Three - month bills .
Six - month bills .
One - month bills .
Two- , 3- , 5 - , 7 - , and 10 - year notes .
And of course , the granddaddy of them all , the 30 - year Treasury Bond .
The Treasury auctions offer those securities to all kinds of bidders — individual investors , banks , insurers , pension funds , mutual funds , and foreign central banks are among them .
The more aggressive the bidding , the lower the yields Treasury has to pay on the securities it sells .
And the lower the yields , the lower the U.S. government ’s financing costs .
When buyers are aggressive , Treasury can get away with paying lower yields .
For a while , the Treasury Department was able to sell almost anything and everything at rock - bottom yields .
It did n’t matter if it was the shortest of short - term bills or the longest of long - term bonds .
Investors were willing to pay up .
That helped keep our cost of borrowing low and underwrote the massive deficit with little - to - no financial pain .
But now that ’s starting to change .
Slowly but surely , investors are beginning to appreciate the seriousness of the dangers we highlighted many months ago .
All the mega - bailouts … all the Fed money - printing … all the fiscal recklessness being practiced by both Democrats and Republicans alike are starting to spook bond market players .
Sure , they ’re still buying very short - term Treasuries like mad .
It ’s not like the government is going to default tomorrow , or that inflation is going to surge overnight .
But auctions of 10 - year and 30 - year bonds are getting progressively worse , with demand dropping as supply ramps up …
Weak Auctions a Prelude to Failed Ones ?
One key measure of auction strength is the “ bid - to - cover ratio . ”
This measures the dollar volume of bids versus the volume of Treasuries being sold .
The higher the number , the more demand you have relative to supply .
At the last 30 - year bond auction , held on December 10 , the bid - to - cover ratio came in at 2.45 .
That was substantially below the recent peak of 2.92 .
The 10 - year note auction , held one day prior , registered a ratio of 2.62 .
That too was sharply below the recent high of 3.28 .
Another way to gauge auction strength is to see who ’s doing the buying …
The number of central banks buying Treasuries has declined drastically .
If you have a high percentage of notes and bonds going to so - called “ indirect bidders , ” you can breathe a sigh of relief .
That ’s because important buyers like foreign central banks fall into that category , and we desperately need them to step up to the plate to keep rates low .
Unfortunately , the numbers do n’t look good there , either .
Indirect bidders only took down 40.2 percent of the 30 - year bonds sold in mid-December .
That was down from the 2009 peak of 50.2 percent in July .
Their share in the 10 - year auction was even worse — just 34.9 percent .
As recently as September , indirect bidders were snapping up 55.3 percent of the notes being sold .
Bottom line : Long - term
Treasury auctions are getting weaker and weaker .
We have n’t seen a so - called “ failed ” auction yet .
That ’s when the bid - to - cover ratio drops below 1 — meaning the government can’t even get $ 1 in bids for every $ 1 in securities being sold .
But that has already happened in the U.K. , and I believe it ’s only a matter of time before it happens here .
Defensive Measures to Take …
If you ’re a defensive investor , your course of action is simple : Avoid long - term Treasury debt .
Do n’t put in bids for long - term notes and bonds via the Treasury Direct system or through your broker , and consider selling whatever long - term holdings you already own .
That strategy is one I ’ve been advocating for a long time .
And boy do I hope you ’ve been listening !
Just consider this :
If you purchased the iShares Barclays 20 + Year Treasury Bond Fund ( TLT ) , an exchange traded fund ( ETF ) that owns long - term Treasuries , at the end of 2008 , you would have already lost more than 20.5 percent !
That INCLUDES interest payments , by the way .
As a matter of fact , 2009 has been the absolute WORST year for total return on long - term Treasuries since at least 1973 .
That includes dismal years such as 1994 and 1999 , which occurred during Fed rate - hiking cycles .
Until next time ,
Mike
This investment news is brought to you by Money and Markets .
Money and Markets is a free daily investment newsletter from Martin D. Weiss and Weiss Research analysts offering the latest investing news and financial insights for the stock market , including tips and advice on investing in gold , energy and oil .
Dr. Weiss is a leader in the fields of investing , interest rates , financial safety and economic forecasting .
To view archives or subscribe , visit http://www.moneyandmarkets.com
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Ron S .
19 Dec 09 , 03:40
Thank you for explaining Treasuries !
There are many people , like myself , who have limited understanding of economics , and finance , in general .
Details of how the Government finances it 's expanding debt have been particularly hard for me to find .
Your brief explanation regarding Treasuries and the auctioning process is one of the best I 've read , anywhere .
Thank you so much .
Ron S. Spokane , WA
Kid Has Soul
This little kid has more soul than almost anyone out there .
Incredible .
See those black bits scattered around this Boeing ?
It 's just part of a massive flock of starlings hitting its fuselage and engine as it was taking off at 200 mph .
About two hundred birds were sucked into the turbine .
Advertisement
According to the photographer , Juergen Kienast , the sound of the engine as it sucked the birds was defeaning :
The pitch of the engine said it all .
It was like sticking a bit of metal pipe into a blender .
Advertisement
Unlike the Hudson River Airbus , however , the crew and passengers got lucky :
They did n't have to do any crash landing .
The birds were n't that lucky , however , some splattering against the fuselage , others getting blended into a starling purée .
Sad , but better them than the 80 people on board .
[ Daily Mail ]
Hudson Crash Simulation with FAA Voice Recordings Shows Captain's Nerves of Steel
If you thought that the pilot who landed US Airways flight 1549 on the Hudson River was cool , you …
Read more
People are still talking about Asheville , North Carolina city councilperson Cecil Bothwell and the recent consciousness - raising of the fact that several states technically forbid atheists from holding public office .
In Bothwell ’s case , the state constitution says his atheism prevents him from holding his seat , but the U.S. Constitution says otherwise .
( The U.S. Constitution trumps the state constitution , says the law . )
“ Frankly , this is one of the easiest cases I ’ve ever seen , ” said Arnold Loewy , George R. Killam Jr. Chair of Criminal Law at Texas Tech , who teaches a course of the First Amendment .
“ It ’s crystal clear that the North Carolina and Texas law is unconstitutional . ” …
Rewriting the law would take time away from lawmakers who would rather deal with current issues , said Dan Rodriguez , a University of Texas professor of law who specializes in state law .
“ Often it ’s just not worth the effort or the energy , ” Rodriguez said .
He said with laws like this , state leaders “ just have to hold their breath and hope no one notices . ”
Bothwell is taking all this attention in stride :
As for Bothwell , he says his atheism is irrelevant to his duties as a councilman .
“ I do n’t find any need in my day - to - day life for God to explain things to me , ” he said .
“ When religion gets tangled up with government , it always causes problems . ”
And while his fellow council members are “ bemused ” by the whole affair , Bothwell said , he ’s not worried about being forced from office .
He said the controversy was manufactured by political opponents “ who do n’t want to see a progressive on the council . ”
Journalists should be taking advantage of this situation — it ’s not often we get a chance to talk about how many states forbid atheists from holding public office .
It ’d be nice to have some more soundbytes we could use against elected officials in the future to highlight their bigotry .
Let ’s get religious leaders on the record — politicians , too .
We need to know what they say about these laws .
Do they think they ’re ridiculous ( as they should ) or do they argue that atheists should indeed be forbidden from holding office ?
Let ’s make the general public aware of this injustice , even if it is unenforceable .
Soon , this controversy will die away and Bothwell will go on with his work as usual .
If that happens without us making some noise over this story , we ’d be missing out on a tremendous opportunity .
If you 've tried to pump your fully - paid - up cable connection into , say , a computer running Windows Media Center , you 've probably come up against the closed nature of pay - TV and the severe limitations of CableCARD .
And what about satellite TV ?
Do n't even think about it .
The FCC wants to blow open the market for third - party video devices , scrapping some of the current ( failed ) CableCARD rules and adding satellite providers to the list .
The idea has a certain obvious simplicity to it : encourage huge innovation in the video content marketplace by crafting rules that allow third - party boxes to easily access TV shows and on - demand content from both cable and satellite providers ( technically , the rules could cover all multichannel video programming provider distributors , or MVPDs ) .
But DirecTV has been making the rounds at the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , telling staffers in the various Commissioner offices that Chairman Genachowski's idea for cracking open TV is terrific so long as it applies only to cable .
DirecTV wants an exemption , just like it currently has one from the CableCARD mandate .
The company has filed a recent series of ex parte notices ( PDF ) with the FCC that detail these meetings .
In them , the company makes a point that we are sympathetic to : " it is not clear that increasing access to Internet content through MVPDs ’ set - top boxes will spur broadband adoption . "
One of the big goals of the new inquiry on set - top boxes is to spur Internet access .
It 's driven by the finding that 99 percent of US households have a TV while only 76 percent have a home computer .
Make it possible to browse the Web and check e-mail through a set - top box , using the TV set as a screen , and a new set of Americans can suddenly get online .
( If this is n't yet conjuring up shades of WebTV [ now MSN TV ] , it should . )
But a scheme that could open up video content would be far more interesting , depending on the final rules .
If set - top boxes and third - party devices like PS3s , Xboxes , PCs , Apple TVs , and TiVo could easily access , manipulate , and store cable and satellite programming , the potential for innovation would be enormous .
Rather than scrapping current industry efforts , such as CableCARD and the it 's - coming - real - soon - now tru2way middleware program , the cable industry is pushing a plan under which it could continue to use tru2way while satellite could use its own decryption and middleware system .
One box would support multiple standards ; just take the box anywhere you go in the US , subscribe to any video service , and it should be able to output a signal .
In cable 's view , this is just a matter of fairness ; if cable needs to open up , so should satellite .
Satellite wants nothing to do with such a plan to open its content , though .
Satellite broadcasters were exempted from the CableCARD rules back when they were first proposed on the grounds that the satellite market was more competitive than cable and that there was more competition in the satellite set - top box market .
DirecTV says that all these things remain true and that it should continue to be exempt from any future rules on the topic .
A tale of woe
For now , though , consumers will continue to be seriously frustrated by the state of video openness .
One agitated Comcast subscriber from Oregon recently filed his tale of woe with the FCC .
You see , our hero had purchased a TV and a few other devices that were capable of tuning unencrypted ( ClearQAM ) digital cable channels .
" I have several ClearQAM - capable devices which I was using to view and record the digital services to which I had subscribed and am still paying to access , " he wrote .
" While the " navigation " was problematic ( i.e. , no fixed mapping between ' cable channel 63 ' and ' ClearQAM channel 67 - 3 ' ) , it was a minor problem .
Until November 11 , 2009 , when " without prior notice , Comcast of Oregon began encrypting all digital services except those corresponding to the analog basic services
What remained in the clear were mostly local broadcast and public , education , and government ( PEG ) channels , with a few shopping channels .
Even though I was still paying to access enhanced ( digital ) services , I was no longer able to use the CPE [ customer premises equipment ] I had invested in to view those services . "
The man could pay for a CableCARD ( and pick up a set - top box ) , but he had " purchased CPE both for enhanced capabilities and to avoid paying ' double '
It is exactly this kind of situation which prompted the Cable Consumer Protection Act of 1992
The clear intent of the legislature was that CPE should not only be allowed but should be promoted in the interests of the consumer and the industry as a whole . "
Without the ability to access a TV signal , would the VCR ever have flourished ?
Would TiVo ever have shown us the incredible power of a DVR ?
Now , thanks to the encryption , the man fears the we have " returned to the dark ages , similar to the time when Ma Bell controlled what you could attach her phone lines According to Comcast of Oregon , it is sufficient for me to be able to schedule the recording of a show two days in advance ( the limit of the on - screen program guide in the full - feature cable box I have been provided ) , with the additional requirement that I attach the VCR only to that box and must also program that VCR to record that signal .
I cannot schedule two different channels to be recorded ' every week ' or even ' day after tomorrow ' — a task that was trivial using the CPE I have already invested in . "
Trying to shake off some programming rust , my goal for the winter break is to improve my mobile application programming skills , or , in other words , creating and selling apps for cell phones .
Where to start ?
First , which platform should I use ?
Creating apps for the iPhone is my preference , but , as I 've ranted about before , Apple requires me to own a Mac ( which I do n't have ) .
It 's obnoxious .
Meanwhile , Google 's Android does n't require anything , and that 's quite a selling point .
Second , looking a few steps down the line , when I eventually want to sell my app , Apple 's App Store requires a $ 100 registration fee , whereas the Android Market only asks for $ 25 .
Both companies take a 30 % cut from sales , but Apple wo n't pay you anything until you break the $ 250 threshold , whereas Google has a $ 1 - earned minimum .
Additionally , employees at Apple have to approve all apps before they get posted in the store , and this has been a nightmare for some developers , since Apple often rejects apps without giving any explanation as to why .
Third , from a programming perspective , iPhone apps require that they be coded in the language of Objective - C. Meanwhile , Android apps can be coded in either Java , PHP , C/C++ , or several other languages .
Thus , no need to reinvent the wheel - you can just go with what 's already your area of expertise .
For a more detailed technical comparison , I recommend reading Green 's Opinion
All things considered , I 'm going with Android .
Russian medical authorities on Tuesday reported the first three deaths in the country from the H1N1 influenza virus .
Two women , 29 and 50 , died in Chita , a provincial capital about 3,900 miles east of Moscow , Russia ’s chief sanitation official Gennady Onishchenko told Interfax news agency .
Late in the afternoon , Deputy Health Care Minister Veronika Skvortsova told Echo of Moscow radio station that a third woman died in Mos- cow .
“ The situation is under control and not significantly different from the usual seasonal flu situation , ” Viktor Maleyev , deputy chief of the Central Research Institute of Epidemiology , said in a telephone interview .
Advertisement
Since June , about 1,300 cases of H1N1 , commonly known as swine flu , have been registered in Russia , Maleyev said , adding : “ There is absolutely no reason for panic as the epidemic so far has been spreading fairly slowly . ”
His optimism was not shared by residents of Chita reached by phone .
Valentina Fialko , a 53 - year - old nurse , said residents were tense .
“ People are scared after it was announced on television news that two people already died of this flu , ” Fialko said .
“ There are noticeably less people in the streets and on public transport today .
“ I would rather stay at home , but I have to go to work by bus and I wear a protective mask at all times , ” Fialko said .
“ People try not to talk to each other if they can avoid that . ”
Advertisement
Maleyev said flu vaccine was on the way and that officials plan to start a mass vaccination campaign next month .
“ Yes , we are a little late with that , but it takes at least six months to prepare the vaccine once you get the virus stocks , ” Maleyev said .
“ And we managed to get hold of the first stocks here only in June so we are on schedule with the vaccine . ”
Maleyev said several hundred people contracted the virus in Chita and several other Siberian cities , and some schools were closed .
“ We hope to reopen these schools again soon , ” he said .
“ Usually the epidemic lasts no longer than a week to 10 days at a particular place . ”
Advertisement
--
Loiko is a Times staff writer .
Is it an alien signal ?
An interdimensional portal ?
A supervillainous hypnosis ray ?
This mysterious spiral burst into the night sky over Northern Norway , leaving witnesses wondering just what caused it .
Advertisement
Witnesses throughout Northern Norway reported seeing a bright object spinning through the sky this morning , forming a brilliant spiral .
According to air traffic reports , the phenomenon lasted for two minutes , too long to be an astronomical event , and it does n't resemble any previously reported aurora .
So what caused the mysterious spiral ?
No one is sure , but the prevailing theory is fairly mundane .
Several astronomers are speculating that an errant , spiraling rocket is responsible .
Since no rockets were fired from the local Andøya Rocket Range this morning , the hypothetical rocket may have come from Russia .
Advertisement
Or , as one poster on Reddit suggests , it could just be the Sliders breaking into our universe :
[ VG Nett ( Translated ) via Reddit ]
Italian police have captured one of the country 's most wanted mafia fugitives during a raid on a chicken farm near the southern city of Naples .
Salvatore Russo , 51 , is the head of a Camorra clan which bears his name .
He has been on the run since being sentenced in 1995 to life in jail for murder and links to organised crime .
Police said he was found with weapons including a machine gun and a pistol , hiding behind a thick wall at the farm near the town of Somma Vesuviana .
Sometimes you see something you get so excited about you just have to share , and Capcom really got me giddy tonight as they ’ve sent out the Mega Man 10 pack art , and …oh gosh , I really hate just throwing the word epic around , but Proto Man looks solid and that purple dragon does appear to have turrets all over its body .
Hey , it looks really good and it makes me look forward to throwing the controller out the window when I ca n’t get past the first part of the first stage of the NES - style sequel .
Mega Man 10 hits the Playstation Network , WiiWare and Xbox Live Arcade this March .
Click on the image to mega - size it .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Delegates at the climate summit are battling to prevent the talks ending without reaching a final deal .
Earlier , a US - led group of five nations - including China - tabled a last - minute proposal that President Barack Obama called a " meaningful agreement " .
However , it was rejected by a few developing nations who felt it failed to deliver the actions needed to halt dangerous climate change .
But the majority of nations are urging the Danish hosts to adopt the deal .
To be accepted as an official UN agreement , the deal needs to be endorsed by all 193 nations at the talks .
THE COPENHAGEN ACCORD
Documents in full [ 163 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here On Friday evening , the US , China , India , Brazil and South Africa reached a last - minute agreement on a number of issues , such as a recognition to limit temperature rises to less than 2C ( 3.6 F ) .
However , BBC environment correspondent Richard Black says the language in the text shows 2C is not a formal target , just that the group " recognises the scientific view that " the temperature increase should be held below this figure .
' Devoid of morality '
Mr Obama said the deal would be a foundation for global action but admitted there was " much further to go " .
However , a number of developing nations were angered by the draft proposals .
Lumumba Stanislaus Di-Aping , the Sudanese negotiator , said the draft text asked " Africa to sign a suicide pact " .
AT THE SCENE Richard Black ,
BBC News environment correspondent While President Obama was on TV announcing he 'd secured a new global climate deal , most other delegations here had not even seen it .
Initially he had the support of just four other countries - Brazil , China , India and South Africa .
The EU came on board - albeit reluctantly - and so have most developing countries
But the way the deal was done and announced , and its weak provisions , seriously annoyed a number of countries - a " coup d'Etat against the UN " .
With no firm target for limiting the global temperature rise , no commitment to a legal treaty and no target year for peaking emissions , countries vulnerable to climate impacts are pointing out this " deal " does not guarantee the temperature targets they need .
Richard Black 's Earth Watch blog Saying it was " devoid of any sense of responsibility and morality " , he added : " The promise of $ 100 bn will not bribe us to destroy the continent . "
The five - nation deal promised to deliver $ 30 bn ( £ 18.5 bn ) of aid for developing nations over the next three years , and outlined a goal of providing $ 100bn a year by 2020 to help poor countries cope with the impacts of climate change .
The agreement also included a method for verifying industrialised nations ' reduction of emissions .
The US had insisted that China dropped its resistance to this measure .
During the two - week gathering , small island nations and vulnerable coastal countries have been calling for a binding agreement that would limit emissions to a level that would prevent temperatures rising more than 1.5C ( 2.7 F ) above pre-industrial levels .
" Can I suggest that in biblical terms , it looks like we 're being offered 30 pieces of silver to sell our future , " Tuvalu 's lead negotiator Ian Fry said during the main meeting .
" Our future is not for sale . "
Copenhagen in graphics Global warming : A future glimpse Mr Fry said his country could not accept the deal , as did Venezuelan delegate Claudia Salerno Caldera .
She said : " Mr President , I ask whether - under the eye of the UN secretary general - you are going to endorse this coup d'etat against the authority of the United Nations . "
The main opposition to the deal now comes from the ALBA bloc of Latin American countries to which Nicaragua and Venezuela belong , along with Cuba , Ecuador and Bolivia .
The African Union appears to back the deal , along with most of the small island developing states .
" In my mind , this document is amicable , " said President Mohammed Nasheed of the Maldives , who took part in the small group discussions from which the " deal " emerged .
US - LED COPENHAGEN DEAL
No reference to legally binding agreement
Recognises the need to limit global temperatures rising no more than 2C above pre-industrial levels
Developed countries to " set a goal of mobilising jointly $ 100 bn a year by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries "
On transparency : Emerging nations monitor own efforts and report to UN every two years .
Some international checks
No detailed framework on carbon markets - " various approaches " will be pursued " Of course it is not what we were looking for , and I will be the first person to be unsatisfied ; but this document allows us to continue negotiations and to have a procedure leading to a binding legal agreement within 2010 .
I urge all countries to back this , and do not let these talks collapse . "
British PM Gordon Brown said the deal had almost universal backing : " Let 's remember , a year ago nobody thought this sort of agreement was possible . "
Delegates are still angrily debating the deal and there are doubts whether Danish PM Lars Loekke Rasmussen will be able to declare it approved .
But the majority of speakers addressing the conference have been urging the Danish hosts to adopt the proposed text , saying the US - led deal was better than no deal .
EU Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso told reporters : " I will not hide my disappointment regarding the non-binding nature of the agreement here . "
It is now evident that beating global warming will require a radically different model of politics than the one in Copenhagen
John Sauven , Greenpeace UK
What do you think of the deal ?
Reaction in quotes Correspondents ' log " In that respect the document falls far short of our expectations . "
However , he added that the EU would accept the US - led deal .
The two - week summit had been deadlocked as world leaders had struggled to hammer out a deal .
" The text we have is not perfect , " said French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
But he added : " If we had no deal , that would mean that two countries as important as India and China would be freed from any type of contract .
" The United States , which is not in Kyoto , would be free of any type of contract .
That 's why a contract is absolutely vital . "
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full A number of leaders have now left the Danish capital , including the US president and Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva .
Reacting to the Copenhagen " deal " , John Sauven , executive director of Greenpeace UK , said : " The city of Copenhagen is a crime scene tonight , with the guilty men and women fleeing to the airport .
" There are no targets for carbon cuts and no agreement on a legally binding treaty , " he observed .
" It is now evident that beating global warming will require a radically different model of politics than the one on display here in Copenhagen . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Largest Working Hydro-Electric Wave Energy Device in the World Launched
November 30th , 2009 by Zachary Shahan
The largest working hydro-electric wave energy device was launched by Queen ’s University Belfast , Aquamarine Power Ltd. and the Scottish government recently , bringing the global wave energy industry one major move forward .
The device is called Oyster .
It is the only hydro- electric wave energy device producing power in the world , according to Queens University Belfast .
How does it work ?
[ social_buttons ]
Oyster pumps high pressure water to an onshore hydro-electric turbine to create power .
Two videos of how Oyster works , as well as real life footage of Oyster and interviews with key people involved in the launch are available on youtube via Aquamarine Power .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/VYmyCGM1tGk&hl=pl_PL&fs=1&]
.
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/zvk18RAZfZo&hl=pl_PL&fs=1&]
.
Queens University Belfast reports : “ Oyster was first conceived out of work funded by an Engineering and Physical Sciences Research grant to Queen ’s between 2002 and 2004 , to develop surging power - wave devices . ”
Aquamarine Power Ltd. , a private Scottish company , then formed specifically with the purpose of developing this technology .
Professor Trevor Whittaker from Queen ’s School of Planning , Architecture and Civil Engineering , the principal investigator on this project , says : “ The launch of Oyster is both a major landmark in terms of carbon - free sustainable energy production and a proud day for Queen ’s University Belfast , which already has a reputation as being one of the leading wave - power research groups in the world . “
Sustainable energy sources like wave energy are critical for addressing climate change , ocean acidification , and the countless related problems that can result from our outdated energy systems .
Wave energy is taking strides forward and is looking to become a bigger name in the renewable energy sector .
Not Stopping with Oyster 1
The Queen ’s University Belfast team is now starting to work on a 2nd generation Oyster to help further advance this technology .
Whittaker says : “ Devices such as these have the power to revolutionise the world ’s energy industry and help combat climate change .
And we are n’t stopping with Oyster .
We are continuing to work with our partners in Aquamarine Power and the EMEC to develop the next generation of Oyster , by providing testing opportunities at Queen ’s large wave tanks facility in Portaferry which is part - funded through the University ’s Institute for a Sustainable World . ”
While officially launching Oyster at the European Marine Energy Centre ( EMEC ) in Orkney , Scotland ’s First Minister Alex Salmond briefly but powerfully pointed out the great benefits of this technology and the commitment of the Scottish government to advance it .
He said :
“ Our waters hold around ten per cent of Europe ’s wave power potential and as much as a quarter of its tidal power potential .
The European Marine Energy Centre ( EMEC ) provides world - leading test facilities for Aquamarine and other companies to develop the technology needed to harness this huge untapped potential .
“ I am delighted to confirm further R&D funding of almost £ 1 m to Aquamarine Power for the development of Oyster 2 , which could be installed within two years .
Through our investments and initiatives such as the Saltire Prize , the Scottish Government is working to ensure we capitalise on our rich natural resources , to meet our ambitious climate change targets , to create more high - skilled green jobs and to make a substantial contribution to one of the most pressing global challenges . ”
More comments , in a strong Scottish accent , by First Minister Salmond are here :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/aXxtPyxrJ_0&hl=pl_PL&fs=1&]
.
Wave energy looks to be rising in the renewable energy sector .
Looks like we will see more of this in the future .
via Queen ’s University Belfast
Related Stories :
1 ) Wave Energy Looking for Breakthrough — Using Aerospace Design
2 ) WaveRoller Uses Swinging Door for Underwater Wave Energy
3 ) Underwater Kite Harnesses Ocean Energy
Image Credit 1 : via Aquamarine Power Ltd .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
It appears America 's taxpayers are finally about to find out just what worthless securities they received in exchange for 100 cents on the dollar , courtesy of Goldman , Soc Gen , ML et al. when Bernanke and Gaithner , or whoever , decided to pay the banks in full for multi-billion dollar portfolio .
As a reminder , the list in question is the now infamous Schedule A , which was redacted across the board , and which the SEC gave its blessing for secret treatment well into 2018 .
Shahien Nasiripour of the Huffington Post writes :
UPDATE : 12:40 p.m. - Rep. Issa Still Pushing For AIG Disclosures
Obama administration scourge Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) announced Wednesday that congressional investigators have in their possession one of the most sought documents in the New York Fed - AIG saga : A detailed list of the souring assets taxpayers purchased from the world 's biggest banks for 100 cents on the dollar .
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York initially pressured AIG to keep the list hidden from investors , regulators and the public .
When it was eventually filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the SEC allowed the Fed and AIG to keep the details secret .
A heavily - redacted version was made public last March .
Now Issa , the ranking Republican on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , wants to make the whole thing public .
The document is part of 250,000 pages of internal documents on the AIG deliberations subpoenaed by the oversight committee .
It lists the toxic mortgage bonds that Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch and other banks insured through AIG .
Those insurance contracts , called credit default swaps , are what the New York Fed ultimately took off AIG 's books , paying the banks 100 cents on the dollar for souring mortgage bonds -- home mortgages that were bundled together and securitized .
The banks could never have gotten anywhere near such a generous deal on the open market , so the move served essentially as a direct subsidy to those banks from taxpayers .
But taxpayers still do n't know exactly what they own .
The public knows that it owns a certain amount of assets , but none of the details .
Taxpayers do n't know which bundles of mortgages it purchased from AIG ; how the banks were valuing those mortgages ; how much collateral they had demanded from AIG on those securities ; or which bank bundled those mortgages into securities .
In short , if Issa is successful in getting the document entered into the public record taxpayers will finally know just how much they overpaid .
The New Gold Rush is on .
The metal soared to record highs early today , fueled by fresh fears that the dollar 's status as the world 's preeminent currency will continue to erode .
Gold futures in New York were trading at nearly $ 1,043 an ounce at about 8:15 a.m. PDT , up from $ 1,016 on Monday and topping the previous peak of $ 1,033.90 set in March 2008 .
The dollar , which has been drifting lower for most of this year against other major currencies , took another hit today after Britain 's Independent newspaper said secret talks were taking place among Arab states , China , Russia and other countries to stop pricing oil in dollars , and shift instead to a basket of currencies including the euro , the yen and the Chinese yuan .
Bloomberg News reported that Saudi Arabian Central Bank Governor Muhammad al - Jasser said his nation has n’t held meetings with other oil producers or consumers on shifting away from the dollar , but that has n't been much comfort to the buck today .
The euro rose to $ 1.475 from $ 1.466 on Monday .
The yen strengthened to 89.01 to the dollar , from 89.51 .
The dollar also came under pressure after Australia 's central bank raised its benchmark short - term interest rate -- another sign of global economic recovery .
To gold investors , that means a higher likelihood of rising inflation ahead .
The weakness of the dollar , and the risks posed to the greenback 's status as the world 's reserve currency , have been the biggest motivators for gold 's fans this year .
But some analysts say gold 's ascent reflects increasing doubt about the value of all paper currencies , as the world 's central banks have pumped enormous sums of money into the financial system to rescue the economy after the U.S. - led crash .
“ Gold is acting like the ultimate currency , ” Chip Hanlon , president of Delta Global Advisors Inc. in Huntington Beach , noted on Bloomberg .
“ Central banks are following the same monetary course and trying to stimulate and inflate their way back to growth .
Everyone ’s concerned about the dollar , but it ’s not like you can hate the dollar and fall in love with the euro or the yen . ”
“ Gold is not just seen as an inflation hedge here in the U.S. but is rather acting as a hedge against all currencies , ” Dan Greenhaus , chief economic strategist at Miller Tabak & Co. in New York , noted on Bloomberg .
-- Tom Petruno
Photo credit : Kim Jae - Hwan / AFP / Getty Images
In October , oil billionaire T. Boone Pickens expressed annoyance at the fact that US oil corporations were being asked to compete with foreign companies for oil contracts in Iraq .
“ They ’re opening them up to other companies all over the world … we ’re entitled to it , ” Pickens insisted , warning that after six plus years of American occupation “ we leave there with the Chinese getting the oil . ”
The Chinese may not be getting all the oil , but they ’re getting some .
The spoils of war were something a lot of American oil companies apparently took for granted , as they lost big in auctions for a massive chunk of Iraq ’s oil reserves .
Analysts say security concerns may have kept American companies from bidding more , but it apparently did n’t stop other companies , including Shell ( Netherlands ) , Gazprom and Lukoil ( Russia ) , CNPC ( China ) and Petronas ( Malaysia ) from snatching up proven reserves roughly on par with the entire nation of Mexico in the auction .
Since it was mostly Russian and Chinese companies which had oil contracts in Iraq before the American occupation canceled them out , it is only natural that those countries were keen to restore their presence on those fields when the opportunity presented itself .
Oil magnates who took the “ blood for oil ” mantra literally will have to look elsewhere .
In Iraq and Afghanistan , the U.S. military depends on an array of drones to snoop on and stalk insurgents .
Now it looks as if insurgents are tapping into those same drones ’ broadcasts , to see what the flying robot spies see .
If true — and widespread — it ’s potentially one of the most serious military security breaches in years .
“ U.S. military personnel in Iraq discovered the problem late last year when they apprehended a Shiite militant whose laptop contained files of intercepted drone video feeds , ” Wall Street Journal reports .
“ In July , the U.S. military found pirated drone video feeds on other militant laptops , leading some officials to conclude that militant groups trained and funded by Iran were regularly intercepting feeds . ”
How ’d the militants manage to get access to such secret data ?
Basically by pointing satellite dishes up , and waiting for the drone feeds to pour in .
According to the Journal , militants have exploited a weakness :
The data links between the drone and the ground control station were never encrypted .
Which meant that pretty much anyone could tap into the overhead surveillance that many commanders feel is America ’s most important advantage in its two wars .
Pretty much anyone could intercept the feeds of the drones that are the focal point for the secret U.S. war in Pakistan .
Using cheap , downloadable programs like SkyGrabber , militants were apparently able to watch and record the video feed — and potentially be tipped off when U.S. and coalition forces are stalking them .
The $ 26 software was originally designed to let users download movies and songs off of the internet .
Turns out , the program lets you nab Predator drone feeds just as easily as pirated copies of The Hangover .
And here ’s the real scandal : Military officials have known about this potential vulnerability since the Bosnia campaign .
That was over 10 years ago .
And , as Declan McCullagh observes , there have been a series of government reports warning of the problem since then .
But the Pentagon assumed that their adversaries in the Middle East and Central Asia would n’t have the smarts to tap into the communications link .
That ’s despite presentations like this 1996 doozy from Air Combat Command , which noted that that “ the Predator UAV is designed to operate with unencrypted data links . ”
UPDATE : Check out this 2002 video from CBS , catching the intercept in the act …
If you think militants are going to be content to just observe spy drone feeds , it ’s time to reconsider .
“ Folks are not merely going to listen / watch what we do when they intercept the feeds , but also start to conduct ‘ battles of persuasion ’ ; that is , hacking with the intent to disrupt or change the content , or even ‘ persuade ’ the system to do their own bidding , ” Peter Singer , author of Wired for War , tells Danger Room .
This has long been the nightmare scenario within Pentagon cybersecurity circles : a hacker not looking to take down the military grid , but to exploit it for his own purposes .
How does a soldier trust an order , if he does n’t know who else is listening — or who gave the order , in the first place ?
“ For a sophisticated adversary , it ’s to his advantage to keep your network up and running .
He can learn what you know .
He can cause confusion , delay your response times — and shape your actions , ” one Defense Department cybersecurity official tells Danger Room .
Despite this rather massive vulnerability , drone operations show no signs of letting up .
According to the Associated Press , “ two suspected U.S. missile strikes , one using multiple drones , killed 17 people in a Pakistani tribal region . ”
Meanwhile , military officials assure are scrambling to plug the hole .
“ The difficulty , officials said , is that adding encryption to a network that is more than a decade old involves more than placing a new piece of equipment on individual drones , ” the Journal notes .
“ Instead , many components of the network linking the drones to their operators in the U.S. , Afghanistan or Pakistan have to be upgraded to handle the changes . ”
So it may be quite some time before this enormous security breach is filled .
— Nathan Hodge and Noah Shachtman
Photo : U.S. Department of Defense
See Also :
LOS ANGELES --
After nearly two decades fighting gangs , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Detective Robert Lyons thought he had seen it all .
Until he saw members of the Bloods and the Crips -- rival gangs that spent years in brutal conflict -- meeting amiably in a restaurant .
" They were talking .
There was hugging and high - fiving .
It was unbelievable , " Mr. Lyons said .
He has heard a refrain from gang members : Red ( the Bloods ) and blue ( the Crips ) make green ( money ) .
Gangs ...
Christian Group To Save Haitians With Solar - Powered Bibles
Joining Travolta ’s Scientology “ humanitarian ” effort to capture as many mind prisoners as possible , a Christian group is sending an army of Proclaimers to Haiti .
Proclaimers are solar - powered audio bibles , which may assemble into a giant robot to destroy the scientologists .
According to Australian news outlet ABC News , the Faith Comes By Hearing organisation has sent 600 of these Bibles already , which will spread the Holy Word in Haitian Creole .
They claim that they are helping by “ providing faith , hope and love through God ’s word in audio ” .
The first part is good , especially if you provide them with food , water , medicines and shelter .
Or a solar - powered radio , for that matter .
Or a flashlight .
The second part , however , is just not so good at this point .
They claim that “ the Proclaimer is self - powered and can play the Bible in the jungle , desert or… even on the moon ! ”
I ’m sure that it would be more helpful there than in Haiti .
Because , in Haiti , a solar - powered Bible will be as helpful as the Genesis according to Eddie Izzard .
[ ABC News ]
JREF Swift Blog
The Ghost Box Challenge
The JREF has a very active YouTube channel through which we receive direct messages from both skeptics and believers .
Sometimes we receive videos from YouTubers as proofs of paranormal activity .
Here we have one such paranormal " proof , " in which the videomaker presents his evidence for the existence of ghosts .
Before we respond , I thought we should ask our Swift audience to have a look at the video and provide explanations of exactly what is going on here .
So please view the video and post your explanations in the comments below .
To inspire a little competition , whoever gives the most thorough explanation will win an autographed DVD of James Randi 's famed escape over Niagara Falls .
Randi will judge , so please be thorough .
Nokia allege that Apple has infringed many of its patents
Nokia has ramped up its legal fight against Apple , arguing that almost all of its products infringe Nokia patents .
Nokia , the world 's largest phone maker , filed its new complaint with the US International Trade Commission ( ITC ) .
The Finnish phone maker alleges that Apple is using patented technologies to " create key features in its products " , including iPods and iPhones .
In October Nokia sued Apple , saying that the company 's popular touchscreen iPhone infringed 10 of its patents .
Apple told the BBC that it would not comment on Nokia 's latest legal move .
However , the US firm recently countered by filing its own lawsuit against Nokia , saying the phone maker had copied certain aspects of the iPhone and infringed 13 of its patents .
The new complaint to the ITC relates to seven patents related to " user interface , as well as camera , antenna and power management technologies " .
Nokia told Reuters that the firm expected the ITC to decide whether to pursue the case in around 30 days .
( CNN ) --
The Northwest Airlines pilots who flew their jet past their destination city of Minneapolis , Minnesota , on October 21 have blamed air traffic controllers for the snafu .
In separate responses to the administrative law judge handling their case , Capt .
Timothy B. Cheney , 53 , of Gig Harbor , Washington , and First Officer Richard I. Cole , 54 , say air traffic control rules were n't followed , which contributed to the incident .
" The air traffic controller (s ) did not comply with the requirements of the air traffic control manual and other relevant orders , rules , procedures , policies and practices with respect to Northwest Flight 188 , nor coordinate effectively with Northwest dispatch , and such failure was a causal or contributing factor in the incident , " they said .
The responses were filed November 24 , but made public Monday .
" Since this is the subject of an ongoing legal process , we can't comment , " said Laura J. Brown , deputy assistant administrator for public affairs at the Federal Aviation Administration .
The pilots are appealing the revocation of their licenses by the FAA .
The National Transportation Safety Board has reported that the pilots told investigators they used personal laptop computers during the flight , in violation of company policy , and lost track of time .
Read transcripts of how air traffic controllers tried to reach the pilots ( PDF )
The men said they became aware of their plane 's position only after a flight attendant asked about the landing time .
The Airbus A320 was flying at 37,000 feet over the Denver , Colorado , area at 5:56 p.m. when air traffic controllers lost radio contact for more than an hour , the NTSB said in a report .
Northwest Flight 188 had departed San Diego , California , en route to Minnesota carrying 144 passengers , the two pilots and three flight attendants .
" Using laptops or engaging in activity unrelated to the pilots ' command of the aircraft during flight is strictly against the airline 's flight deck policies and violations of that policy will result in termination , " said a statement from Delta Air Lines , which recently merged with Northwest .
Cheney was hired in 1985 and has more than 20,000 hours flight time , while Cole was hired in 1997 and has about 11,000 hours of flight time , the NTSB report said .
Neither pilot reported having had an accident , incident or violation , neither had any ongoing medical conditions , and neither said he was tired , it said .
They each had had a 19 - hour layover in San Diego ; neither said he had slept or argued during the flight , but both said " there was a distraction " in the cockpit , according to the report .
The pilots said there was " a concentrated period of discussion where they did not monitor the airplane or calls " from air traffic control , though both said they heard conversation on the radio , the report said .
Neither pilot said he noticed messages sent by company dispatchers , it added .
It said the men were talking about the new monthly crew flight scheduling system put into place after the Northwest - Delta merger .
" Each pilot accessed and used his personal laptop computer while they discussed the airline crew flight scheduling procedure , " the report said .
" The first officer , who was more familiar with the procedure , was providing instruction to the captain . "
Both pilots said a flight attendant called the cockpit about five minutes before the plane was to have landed and asked their estimated time of arrival , the report said .
" The captain said , at that point , he looked at his primary flight display for an ETA and realized that they had passed " the airport , it added .
After landing at Minneapolis - St. Paul , both voluntarily underwent alcohol breath tests , which were negative , the report said .
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
An excellent guide for students considering STEM courses , graduates pondering job choices , and career changers at any stage in life .
A useful tool for school and career counselors , recruiters , and HR pros eager to diversify their workplaces .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
General peer - to - peer ( P2P ) file - sharing systems have been ubiquitous throughout the Internet since the mid-1990s .
While such systems were made famous -- or infamous -- by the likes of Napster , the common thread with those systems was the general architecture .
P2P systems consist of a distributed network architecture that requires participants to make a portion of their computer system resources , such as processing power , disk storage or network bandwidth , directly available to other network participants without the need for a central server or host to oversee the exchange .
In the P2P system , peer participants are both the suppliers and consumers of resources .
This model stands in stark contrast to the traditional client - server model wherein the server supplies and the clients consume .
The BitTorrent Protocol
The BitTorrent protocol was designed by Bram Cohen in 2001 .
While it is considered a form of P2P architecture , BitTorrent does have some significant differences .
First , a user adopts the position of host and makes a file available to the network .
This initial file is called a " seed " and once it is available on the network , other users called " peers " or " leeches " may connect to the seed and commence file transfer .
Second , as the file proliferates within the network , the peers become seeds , and each file request may be satisfied by different seeds .
Further , each file that is requested is segmented so that individual segments can be requested and received from different seeds , thereby reducing the strain on the initial seed computer .
Essentially , this design permits the overall file transfer task to be networked across the distributed system .
BitTorrent Legal Issues
From a European perspective , there is no question that BitTorrent systems are facing significant hurdles .
Recently , the two most popular ranked BitTorrent sites were ordered to shut down .
The Pirate Bay was ordered to shut down following a decision by a Swedish court in April , due to copyright infringement .
However , the site appears to be up and running as of this writing .
Similarly , Mininova was ordered by a Dutch court in August to remove all infringing torrents within three months .
Mininova recently complied with the court order and disabled all torrents except those in the licensed " content distribution " part of the service .
Canada - Piracy Haven
With all of the legal pressures against the first - and second - ranked BitTorrent sites , " Canada has earned a dubious distinction as a world hub for illegitimate file - sharing websites and a leader in Internet piracy , " according to Globeandmail.com 's Barry McKenna .
Further , Canada is in the " embarrassing position of harbouring 5 of the top 8 remaining unauthorized BitTorrent sites including the new number 1 ranked site , Isohunt , " wrote technology attorney Barry Sookman .
Isohunt was founded in Vancouver by Gary Fung .
Isohunt is not just popular in terms of BitTorrent sites , with as many as 100 million unique visitors going to the site every year ; Isohunt also ranks among the 200 most popular Web sites of any kind on the planet .
Earlier this year , the Obama administration put Canada on its blacklist of shame -- a " priority watch list " of intellectual property laggards including the likes of China , Russia and Venezuela .
Canada has repeatedly vowed to put a framework in place to combat this unfettered piracy , but it has not happened as yet , and Canada finds itself not " just out of step with the United States , but with much of the Western world , " wrote McKenna .
BitTorrent Legality in Canada
In terms of what manner the framework reform should take , there are some serious interpretive issues that should be addressed .
While the initial seeder and subsequent downloader or leech of the copyrighted file may already be subject to Canadian copyright infringement , this may not be the case for the underlying BitTorrent site itself .
Since the actual BitTorrent site does not contain any copyrighted material , nor does it reproduce or distribute any of the copyrighted works , the BitTorrent site itself may not be deemed to constitute an infringing activity and thus may remain ultra vires to Canadian copyright law .
Further , if the BitTorrent site does not actively promote the infringement of copyrighted material , it may not be deemed , under Canadian copyright law , to induce copyright infringement .
The Canadian government recently completed a national consultation in an attempt to amend the Canadian Copyright Act.
Critics , however , are dubious as to whether any amendments will actually be made to the number of previous failed attempts .
Without such an amendment or a binding legal decision addressing these specific issues , Canada may find itself on the intellectual property blacklist of shame for quite some time to come .
Javad Heydary , a columnist for the E - Commerce Times , is chairman and managing director of Heydary Hamilton .
His business law practice focuses on commercial transactions , e-commerce and franchising law .
Heydary is also managing editor of Laws of .
Com , a biweekly publication covering legal developments in e-commerce .
President Barack Obama says he has “ no intention ” of sending US troops to fight militants in Yemen and Somalia and that Al - Qaeda ’s activities are still centered along the Afghanistan - Pakistan border .
“ I have every intention of working with our international partners in lawless areas around the globe to make sure that we ’re keeping the American people safe , ” Obama said in a People interview to be published Friday .
The magazine released a transcript Sunday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I never rule out any possibility in a world that is this complex …
In countries like Yemen , in countries like Somalia , I think working with international partners is most effective at this point .
“ I have no intention of sending US boots on the ground in these regions , ” he added .
Recent strikes on Al - Qaeda positions in Yemen , including cruise missile attacks , were reportedly led by the United States , which has vowed to boost its economic and military aid to Sanaa .
London and Washington have already announced plans to fund a counter - extremism police in the country .
The top US military officer , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Michael Mullen acknowledged in a CNN interview Sunday that the United States was providing “ some support ” to Yemen ’s efforts to strike Al - Qaeda militants , but insisted that Sanaa led the operations .
A thinly stretched US military has deployed large troop contingents to Iraq and Afghanistan .
ADVERTISEMENT
The number of US troops in Afghanistan — where Obama has vowed to recenter the US war against Al - Qaeda militants who have also sought refuge in neighboring Pakistan — is set to triple under his watch from 2008 levels , reaching some 100,000 later this year .
Washington has urged Yemen to crack down on Al - Qaeda after the local franchise of Osama bin Laden ’s network said it was behind a narrowly - avoided Christmas Day bombing aboard a US - bound airliner .
But the impoverished Arabian Peninsula country already faces a litany of challenges , including a water shortage , dwindling oil reserves , a Shiite rebellion in the north and a movement for autonomy in the south .
ADVERTISEMENT
Somalia is also the focus of US counterterrorism efforts , where an embattled transitional government faces relentless attacks from extremist Shebab militants and their Hezb al - Islam allies .
The central government asserts little control over the country located along key shipping routes to oil fields in the Middle East .
ADVERTISEMENT
International navies are battling to keep key shipping lanes in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean free from pirates , who are broadening their area of operation .
“ We ’ve known throughout this year that Al - Qaeda in Yemen has become a more serious problem .
And as a consequence , we have partnered with the Yemeni government to go after those terrorist training camps and cells there in a much more deliberate and sustained fashion , ” Obama said .
“ The same is true in Somalia , another country where there are large chunks that are not fully under government control and Al - Qaeda is trying to take advantage of them . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
He insisted that “ the border region between Afghanistan and Pakistan remains the epicenter of Al - Qaeda , their leadership and their extremist allies . ”
US officials have said they are seeking to boost military and intelligence cooperation with Yemen .
“ Yemen does not want to have American ground troops there .
And that ’s a good response for us to hear , certainly , ” said General David Petraeus , the head of US Central Command , which oversees a region encompassing the Middle East , the Gulf , the Horn of Africa and Central Asia .
“ Of course , we would always want a host nation to deal with a problem itself .
We want to help .
We ’re providing assistance , ” he told CNN .
ADVERTISEMENT
Petraeus , who returned from a trip to Yemen , said Washington planned to more than double its economic aid to Yemen this year to 150 million dollars or more .
But US officials have insisted the total aid amount has not yet been determined .
Though the figure pales in comparison to the billions of dollars Washington has poured into Afghanistan , the general stressed other allies were providing aid , including Saudi Arabia , which has reportedly allocated two billion dollars , and the United Arab Emirates , which pledged 650 million dollars to Sanaa .
In July 2003 , Tim Osborn advised Tom Crowley that there were multiple versions of Yamal ( and Tornetrask ) and that he needed to contact Briffa prior to using :
The other files are “ tornad.rcs ” and “ yamal.rcs ” which are RCS - standardised tree - ring width series .
I would really strongly suggest that you contact Keith Briffa about exactly what these series are and what the primary reference to them should be .
The reason is that there are multiple version of Tornetrask and Yamal series and the differences are certainly not insignificant !
Yep .
Something that people might bear in mind before assuming that the Yamal version used for corridor standardization in Hantemirov et al 2002 would also be used for RCS standardization .
On March 31 , 2006 , Osborn of CRU told the editors of Science :
We did not use tree - core measurement data in our paper , only chronologies that had previously been assembled by others from core measurement data .
I do n’t have any core measurement data and therefore have none to give out !
Contrary to Osborn ’s claim not to have any “ core measurement data ” for Yamal , the Climategate documents show that CRU had an extensive collection of Yamal measurement data – see the Climategate Yamal directory .
[ Note : this website only lists the files , but does n’t contain the files .
The files are in the original download . ]
Not only did CRU actually have Yamal measurement data ( which it had had since the 1990s ) , the CRU letters showed that CRU had funded collection of the Yamal data ( at least in part ) .
I have n’t parsed the Yamal measurement directory yet , but have glanced at it and readers will be interested in the results when I get to them .
[ Update / Jean S : FOIA files are online here : http://junkscience.com/FOIA/]
Some bosses get angry when they get answers they do n't like from subordinates .
Former Lehman Brothers chief executive Richard Fuld apparently did n't like their questions .
In " The Sellout , " Charles Gasparino reports that Mr. Fuld once told a trader , after an especially irksome inquiry , that he wanted to " break [ his ] legs . "
A question from the floor at an employee town - hall meeting about Lehman 's troubled balance sheet caused Mr. Fuld to exclaim : " You deserve to have your legs cut off ! "
After a dinner ...
At least 30 suspected al - Qaeda militants have been killed by an air strike in a remote mountainous area of Yemen , security officials say .
An unnamed official told reporters the strike took place as dozens of militants gathered in Shabwa province , east of the capital , Sanaa .
Two senior al - Qaeda commanders in the Arabian peninsula could be among the dead , he said .
Al - Qaeda has carried out frequent attacks in Yemen in recent months .
The Saudi government has recently expressed its concern about the resurgence of the movement in the region .
' Planning attacks ' AFP news agency quoted the security official as saying Saudis and Iranians had been at the suspected al - Qaeda meeting .
" We are still unsure if two of the top leaders have been killed or not , " Reuters news agency quoted him as saying .
Yemen : New ' war on terror ' frontier " One of them is the Saudi al - Qaeda member Nasser al - Weheshi . "
Another official told AFP that the suspected militants had been meeting to plan terror attacks in Yemen , in retaliation for Yemeni military air strikes carried out last week .
Reuters news agency cited a security official saying that a radical Muslim preacher linked to the US army psychiatrist charged over the fatal shooting of 13 people at a US army base was suspected to be among those killed .
Yemen - based al - Qaeda sympathiser Anwar al - Awlaki , who was released from a Yemeni prison last year , and Maj Nidal Hasan had exchanged e-mails before the shooting at Fort Hood last month , US officials say .
Last week , Yemeni officials said they had killed 34 suspected al - Qaeda militants and arrested 17 in operations in Abyan province in the south and in Arhab , north of Sanaa .
Officials said the militants had allegedly been planning multiple suicide attacks , with eight of them preparing explosive vests at the time of the raids .
Analysts say Yemen , the ancestral home of al - Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden , has long been an ideal base for jihadists .
With its rugged mountains and traditionally weak central authority , it is terrain well suited to militant groups looking for hiding places and training camps .
The US has given nearly $ 70 m ( £ 44 m ) in military aid to the Yemeni government this year , the Associated Press reports , as it seeks to better equip Yemeni forces for the fight against al - Qaeda militants .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Studies of one of the galaxy 's most active black - hole binaries reveal a dramatic change that will help scientists better understand how these systems expel fast - moving particle jets .
Binary systems where a normal star is paired with a black hole often produce large swings in X - ray emission and blast jets of gas at speeds exceeding one - third that of light .
What fuels this activity is gas pulled from the normal star , which spirals toward the black hole and piles up in a dense accretion disk .
" When a lot of gas is flowing , the dense disk reaches nearly to the black hole , " said John Tomsick at the University of California , Berkeley .
" But when the flow is reduced , theory predicts that gas close to the black hole heats up , resulting in evaporation of the innermost part of the disk . "
Never before have astronomers shown an unambiguous signature of this transformation .
To look for this effect , Tomsick and an international group of astronomers targeted GX 339 - 4 , a low - mass X - ray binary located about 26,000 light - years away in the constellation Ara .
There , every 1.7 days , an evolved star no more massive than the sun orbits a black hole estimated at 10 solar masses .
With four major outbursts in the past seven years , GX 339 - 4 is among the most dynamic binaries in the sky .
In September 2008 , nineteen months after the system 's most recent outburst , the team observed GX 339 - 4 using the orbiting Suzaku X - ray observatory , which is operated jointly by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency and NASA .
At the same time , the team also observed the system with NASA 's Rossi X-ray Timing Explorer satellite .
Instruments on both satellites indicated that the system was faint but in an active state , when black holes are known to produce steady jets .
Radio data from the Australia Telescope Compact Array confirmed that GX 339 - 4's jets were indeed powered up when the satellites observed .
Despite the system 's faintness , Suzaku was able to measure a critical X - ray spectral line produced by the fluorescence of iron atoms .
" Suzaku 's sensitivity to iron emission lines and its ability to measure the shapes of those lines let us see a change in the accretion disk that only happens at low luminosities , " said team member Kazutaka Yamaoka at Japan 's Aoyama Gakuin University .
X -ray photons emitted from disk regions closest to the black hole naturally experience stronger gravitational effects .
The X - rays lose energy and produce a characteristic signal .
At its brightest , GX 339 - 4's X - rays can be traced to within about 20 miles of the black hole .
But the Suzaku observations indicate that , at low brightness , the inner edge of the accretion disk retreats as much as 600 miles .
" We see emission only from the densest gas , where lots of iron atoms are producing X - rays , but that emission stops close to the black hole -- the dense disk is gone , " explained Philip Kaaret at the University of Iowa .
" What 's really happening is that , at low accretion rates , the dense inner disk thins into a tenuous but even hotter gas , rather like water turning to steam . "
The dense inner disk has a temperature of about 20 million degrees Fahrenheit , but the thin evaporated disk may be more than a thousand times hotter .
The study , which appears in the Dec. 10 issue of The Astrophysical Journal Letters , confirms the presence of low - density accretion flow in these systems .
It also shows that GX 339 - 4 can produce jets even when the densest part of the disk is far from the black hole .
" This does n't tell us how jets form , but it does tell us that jets can be launched even when the high - density accretion flow is far from the black hole , " Tomsick said .
" This means that the low - density accretion flow is the most essential ingredient for the formation of a steady jet in a black hole system . "
Like attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion .
Or like tears in the rain .
Until now .
Thankfully ,
The Crazy Neighbor helps document all that wackiness that happens right next door .
Maybe they ’ve got a broken down car in the front yard .
Maybe they like to stand on their roof and water their lawn .
Maybe they choose to yodel at 4 AM on a Tuesday .
Whatever the case , they ’re crazy neighbors .
And we ’ve all got them .
But so many of these priceless crazy neighbor moments have been lost somewhere in the ether .
Smatterings of utter weirdness that defy explanation .
All fleeting .
Like attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion .
Or like tears in the rain .
Until now .
Thankfully , Portland - based The Crazy Neighbor now helps document all that wackiness that happens right next door .
The site , maintained by Dawn Foster to celebrate her own crazy neighbor , offers a means of sharing the torturous existence of having someone not - so - right neighbors sharing their not - so - neighborly insanity with you .
This project was inspired by my own crazy neighbor .
Interstingly enough as I am writing this post , I can hear my crazy neighbor very loudly quacking at his duck and clucking at his chickens ( I ’m inside with all of the doors and windows shut ) .
He also yells “ whooo ! ” quite often .
Over the past couple of months , he has been seen : chasing his girlfriend around the yard trying to whack her with a fish , singing the Star Wars theme song and talking to his chickens while mowing the yard in the dark and in the rain , and fighting with his girlfriend and yelling …
THAT IS NOT MY DILDO !
Even if you ’ve never had a crazy neighbor , it ’s well worth the time to wander through this site , dedicated to the meanderings of those who live around us .
At the very least , it ’s sure to bring a chuckle .
At most , complete empathy .
What ’s that ?
You ’ve got a bit of a nutso next door ?
Well , get to submitting , my friend .
To begin your journey into a neighborhood that ’s nice to visit but not necessarily live — unless , of course , you want to be a frequent contributor — visit The Crazy Neighbor .
Or follow @acrazyneighbor on Twitter to get a whole bunch of crazy neighbor goodness right in your tweet stream .
( Image courtesy richardmasoner .
Used under Creative Commons . )
Like this : Like Loading ...
Contrary to countless reports , the debacle in Copenhagen was not everyone 's fault .
It did not happen because human beings are incapable of agreeing , or are inherently self - destructive .
Nor was it all was China 's fault , or the fault of the hapless UN .
There 's plenty of blame to go around , but there was one country that possessed unique power to change the game .
It did n't use it .
If Barack Obama had come to Copenhagen with a transformative and inspiring commitment to getting the US economy off fossil fuels , all the other major emitters would have stepped up .
The EU , Japan , China and India had all indicated that they were willing to increase their levels of commitment , but only if the US took the lead .
Instead of leading , Obama arrived with embarrassingly low targets and the heavy emitters of the world took their cue from him .
( The " deal " that was ultimately rammed through was nothing more than a grubby pact between the world 's biggest emitters : I 'll pretend that you are doing something about climate change if you pretend that I am too .
Deal ?
Deal . )
I understand all the arguments about not promising what he can't deliver , about the dysfunction of the US senate , about the art of the possible .
But spare me the lecture about how little power poor Obama has .
No president since FDR has been handed as many opportunities to transform the US into something that does n't threaten the stability of life on this planet .
He has refused to use each and every one of them .
Let 's look at the big three .
Blown Opportunity No 1 : The Stimulus Package
When Obama came to office , he had a free hand and a blank cheque to design a spending package to stimulate the economy .
He could have used that power to fashion what many were calling a Green New Deal – to build the best public transit systems and smart grids in the world .
Instead , he experimented disastrously with reaching across the aisle to Republicans , low - balling the size of the stimulus and blowing much of it on tax cuts .
Sure , he spent some money on weatherproofing , but public transport was inexplicably short - changed while highways that perpetuate car culture won big .
Blown Opportunity No 2 : The Auto Bailouts
Speaking of the car culture , when Obama took office he also found himself in charge of two of the big three carmakers , and all of the emissions for which they are responsible .
A visionary leader committed to the fight against climate chaos would obviously have used that power to dramatically re-engineer the failing industry so that its factories could build the infrastructure of the green economy the world desperately needs .
Instead Obama saw his role as uninspiring downsizer - in - chief , leaving the fundamentals of the industry unchanged .
Blown Opportunity No 3 : The Bank Bailouts
Obama , it 's worth remembering , also came to office with the big banks on their knees – it took real effort not to nationalise them .
Once again , if Obama had dared to use the power that was handed to him by history , he could have mandated the banks to provide the loans for factories to be retrofitted and new green infrastructure to be built .
Instead he declared that the government should n't tell the failed banks how to run their businesses .
Green businesses report that it 's harder than ever to get a loan .
Imagine if these three huge economic engines – the banks , the car companies , the stimulus bill – had been harnessed to a common green vision .
If that had happened , demand for a complementary energy bill would have been part of a coherent transformative agenda .
Whether the bill had passed or not , by the time Copenhagen had rolled around , the US would already have been well on its way to dramatically cutting emissions , poised to inspire , rather than disappoint , the rest of the world .
There are very few US presidents who have squandered as many once - in - a- generation opportunities as Obama .
More than anyone else , the Copenhagen failure belongs to him .
• Read Naomi Klein 's blog from Copenhagen at EnviroNation
Is the Senate bill really worse than nothing ?
Health care reform looks like it ’s finally ready to pass the Senate , now that the Democrats have 60 votes in hand .
But here on the left , not all of us are jumping for joy .
Some think the Senate bill is just barely better than nothing .
Others think it ’s worse than even that .
As this argument goes , health care reform wo n’t do all that much to help people who need it .
Insurance will still be expensive and even people who have coverage will discover they owe significant out - of - pocket expenses once they get sick .
A public insurance option might have made this tolerable , since it would have provided better , cheaper coverage .
Without it , many of us are arguing , reform is just a big giveaway to the insurance industry -- one that produces little social progress .
It ’s certainly true that , under the terms of the Senate bill , insurance would cost more and cover less than many of us would prefer .
But would it really produce little social progress ?
Is it really worse than nothing ?
One way to answer this question is by comparing how a typical family would fare with reform and without .
At my request , MIT economist Jonathan Gruber produced a set of figures , based on official Congressional Budget Office estimates .
( Click here for a closer look at the impact reform would have , in dollar terms , on families of different incomes . )
The results tell a pretty compelling story , particularly when put in human terms .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China on Tuesday executed a former securities trader for embezzlement , the first person in the industry to be put to death , but millions of yuan are still missing , a state newspaper said .
Yang Yanming was sentenced to death in late 2005 and took the secret of the whereabouts of 65 million yuan ( $ 9.52 million ) of the misappropriated funds to his grave , the Beijing Evening News said .
The report added that Yang was the first person working in China ’s securities sector to be executed .
“ Preserve your moral integrity and do n’t set too much store by business results , ” Yang told the newspaper before the sentence was carried out .
He was the general manager of the Beijing securities trading department of the China Great Wall Trust and Investment Corp. , which became Galaxy Securities , from 1997 to 2003 .
Conscious that the growing gap between rich and poor could generate resentment , China is battling corruption and stock trading abuses .
It has used the death penalty as a deterrent in serious cases .
( $ 1=6.828 Yuan )
So a few people have complained that the quests in Fallout 3 are shallow or nonsensical .
Other people really dig them .
Two common responses are :
The quests in Fallout 3 are stupid compared to the earlier Fallout games .
The quests in Fallout 3 are so much better than in Oblivion .
Let ’s look at one of these quests .
Allow me to set the stage :
Ghouls
Why do humans always insist we 're not human ?
You humans are all alike .
Ghouls are humans that have been exposed to high levels of radiation , and their skin has taken on the texture of dried , sun-bleached fruit .
The game continually alludes to the prejudice that ghouls are subjected to .
Some people are ghoul - haters , and ghouls have a hard time making it in the world because they are so shunned by humans .
The radio occasionally has public service announcements that “ ghouls are people too ” , which seems to be clear to everyone except the ghouls themselves .
They call non-ghouls “ humans ” or “ smoothskins ” .
It seems that if anyone is selling the notion that ghouls are n’t humans , it ’s the ghouls themselves .
I know if I lost an eye , I would n’t say , “ What do you want , human ? ” to every two - eyed person who spoke to me .
Making things more complicated is the fact that some ghouls really are monsters .
Some ghouls are feral , and attack non -ghouls on sight .
The problem is that the game never explains what makes normal , human ghouls into feral ghouls .
I do n’t expect the game to take the time to clearly define ghoul physiology .
In fact , it would be compelling if different people had different opinions on where feral ghouls come from and you just had to decide for yourself who was telling the truth .
But the game never brings it up .
You ca n’t ask anybody .
Look , if some guy refused to deal with an honest African - American because he was afraid the guy would suddenly transform into a drug - dealing gang - banger , then we would all agree that the guy was a prejudiced lunatic .
But Fallout 3 seems to be trying to equate ghoul - hating with modern day racism , and it does n’t fit .
As presented , it ’s entirely possible that normal ghouls could turn feral at some point .
We do n’t know .
Furthermore , Ghouls have been bathed in radiation and apparently retain a pretty good charge .
Reasonable humans will want to avoid living with them for that reason alone .
Tenpenny Tower
How dare these people continue to live here when other people DON 'T live here !
Tenpenny
Tower is a high - rise building in the middle of the wasteland , and is the nicest place in the game .
Everyone else in the game resents the residents of Tenpenny because they ’re all “ rich ” .
But what does that mean ?
Nobody in this game produces anything .
Unlike in previous Fallout games , there are no farmers who eke out a miserable existence from the scorched earth .
You can travel the entire wasteland in the game and not see a single farm , or garden , or anything else .
( They have some cows , but it ’s not clear what the cows eat . )
Everyone just meanders about all day .
People go to the bar at the end of the day and spend their money on booze , but the game never explains where they get their money , where their food comes from , or what they do for a living .
( Or where the booze comes from , given the shortage of stills and raw materials . )
What makes the people of Tennpenny Towers “ rich ” ?
Their nice clothes ?
Their clean building ?
In that case , it ’s pretty hard to feel angry at them .
The rich people are n’t benefiting from ill - gotten gains from raiding , or slaves , or from cheating others .
They ’re just doing well .
They do just as much work as everyone else in the world .
( Zero . )
One the other side of the map , there is nothing wrong with the supposedly not - rich Rivet City as a place to live .
They just need to sweep the floor and give the place a fresh coat of paint .
Nicer clothes are plentiful and cheap – way cheaper than the guns everyone is toting around – so it ’s not clear why they do n’t forgo a single night of booze and use the money to replace their rags with some decent clothing .
Again , fine – the game does n’t have to explain the economy of the game world , and it would be fine to hand - wave the whole thing , except that the game then turns around and expects us to care about this silly class envy / class warfare nonsense , and expects us to hate those eeevil rich people of Tenpenny Towers for … what ?
Washing their clothes ?
Sweeping the floor ?
It ’s a classic pitfall of roleplaying worlds :
Do n’t introduce more depth than your setting can sustain .
The Quest
To be fair , the player character comes up with the stupid nonsensical solutions .
To be even more fair , that 's still stupid and nonsensical .
The game presents you with the following scenario :
Roy Phillips is a ghoul who wants to live in Tenpenny Towers .
He ’s got the money to pay for a place , but they wo n’t deal with him because they ’re a bunch of ghoul - haters .
Roy vows revenge and storms off .
Note that nobody else in the game can buy a place in Tenpenny , either .
And if you kill Roy he does n’t have any vast riches .
So he ’s really mad that they wo n’t sell him an apartment which is n’t for sale and which he does n’t know about for money he does n’t have .
When you go into Tenpenny Towers , you find they really do talk about ghouls as if all ghouls were feral ghouls .
( Then again , perhaps Roy ’s aggressive nature is evidence that he is starting to turn feral . )
They really do sound like a bunch of bigots , although in the grand scheme of things they ’re still nicer than a lot of the supposedly “ nice ” people in the wasteland that are always threatening to blow your head off over trivialities .
Worried about Roy and his threats , they commission you to kill him .
Roy lives in some subway tunnels near Tenpenny .
He ’s protected by an army of feral ghouls ( it ’s not clear how he controls them , if at all , but they recognize him as fellow ghoul and leave him alone .
Are ghouls and feral ghouls different stages of the same condition ?
Or should we be using different words for these two different things ?
Does anyone know how this works ?
Has anyone tried to explain to the people of Tenpenny ?
Damnit game , is this a language problem , a medical problem , or a racism problem ?
He plans to storm Tenpenny , kill the residents , and take over .
You have three choices :
Help Roy take over Tenpenny by opening an underground access door from the inside , thus allowing him to circumvent the fortifications around the building .
This is clearly wrong .
Hating people simply for being rich is n’t any better than hating people for being ghouls .
Aiding in the murder of an entire building full of civilians is flat - out wrong , even if they are jerks .
Return to Tenpenny and ( if you ’ve got the speech skill and charisma ) convince them to mend their ghoul - hating ways and let Roy in .
This is clearly wrong .
Ghoul - hatred aside , Roy is threatening to murder his way in .
This is not someone you want as a neighbor .
Who knows what demands he might make once inside ?
This might be an okay choice for a nice ghoul , but letting a brute like Roy into Tenpenny would not improve people ’s perception of ghouls , and would probably do more harm than good for ghoul kind in the long run .
Kill Roy and all his followers .
I was n’t happy about having to choose this one .
It would be much better to talk some sense into this guy rather than just blow him away , but that game wo n’t let you even attempt it .
However , assuming Roy is set on attacking and taking over Tenpenny , then this seems like the least of the three evils from which we can choose .
Actually , the game should let you just kill Roy , and leave his ( two ) followers alone .
They would n’t do anything violent on their own .
But the quest is set to trigger on the death of all three , logic be damned .
Okay , you could also just walk away and leave the quest unfinished , which is actually the most righteous of the choices offered .
The problem here is that the most sensible courses of action simply are n’t allowed or recognized by the game .
It should be noted that Roy ’s hideout is actually not bad by wasteland standards .
It ’s clean and safe ( for ghouls ) and certainly better than the shacks of rusty corrugated metal that many people live in .
Roy is actually pretty rich himself compared to a lot of people .
The one thing you ca n’t choose to do – and the thing which I think makes the most sense – is to talk Roy into some other course of action .
He has a decent place to live , but it ’s apparently not good enough for him , and he ’s willing to murder people to get better .
Roy is the problem here , and the solution should focus on him .
The game would make much more sense if it also let you attempt one of the following :
Help
Roy realize that his current place is actually pretty good .
Tell Roy about the ghoul city , where he would be welcomed and which is very nearly as nice as Tenpenny .
( I think it even uses the same scenery components .
They just need a few more lights and a broom if they want to match the splendor of Tenpenny . )
This is the most obvious solution .
Roy would get to live in a fancy place .
He ’d be welcomed .
They probably would n’t even charge him , meaning he could spend his heaps of non-existent money on something else .
But the game will never let you mention Ghoul City , even if you ’ve been there yourself and have friends there .
Convince Roy to use whatever might he was going to use to knock over Tenpenny , and instead knock over a raider - infested hellhole in the wasteland .
Use his caps to clean the place up and run it however he likes .
This would make the world a better place all around , cut down on the number of safe havens from which raiders can operate , establish another safe haven for ghouls , and show the “ ghoul - haters ” that ghouls can do good .
I chose to defend the misguided people of Tenpenny and take out Roy , which was an evil act in the eyes of the game .
The guy on the radio – the conscience of the game – even called me a “ scumbag ” and said I “ butchered ” ghouls .
Apparently killing a man contemplating mass murder made me a… racist ?
This is n’t just a badly written quest .
This is reprehensible .
According to the moral compass offered by the in - game karma system ( and , one assumes , the game designers ) being a rich bigot ( where “ rich ” is simply a label the game hangs on characters without context , and “ bigot ” is a charge that may or may not be fair , based on how dangerous regular ghouls are to people ) is worse than mass murder and theft .
The people of Tenpenny were n’t oppressing Roy by taking anything from him .
They were just refusing to do business with him .
And since he ’s clearly a bloodthirsty madman , they kind of have a point .
This is not the only quest that presumes to help us understand deep concepts like “ racism is bad ” .
Elsewhere in the game is a den of very polite Vampires – humans that drink human blood to survive .
They balk at being called “ cannibals ” .
( Right , you ’re not simple cannibals , you ’re wasteful cannibals . )
They seek “ understanding ” , from the player , despite the fact that their survival depends on a steady supply of victims to keep them alive .
Once again the right / wrong karma arrow points sideways , and it ’s wrong to kill them , but right to convince a nearby village to supply them with blood in exchange for being left alone .
I guess it ’s okay to hold a village hostage and enslave them if you ’re very polite and claim to be misunderstood ???
I guess if you just want to run around and shoot things then these quests are serviceable enough .
But too often they ’re trying to tackle grownup concepts like racism and class envy in their playschool - deep gameworld , and the result is laughable .
Replace your income AND secure your future . . .
This chart from Calculated Risk shows the decline in jobs as a percentage of the work force at the peak .
To date in this recession , we 've lost more than 8 million jobs .
The decline as a percentage of the workforce is the worst since the Great Depression , matching the sharp but short drop in 1948 , as the war machine wound down .
Equally important , the duration of these job losses , as well as the lack of a sharp recovery ( at least so far ) , suggests that the problem will be with us for a long while .
We 're now 24 months into this decline , and we 're still at the bottom .
By this point in most previous recessions , we had already recovered all of the lost jobs .
Here 's Calculated Risk :
This graph shows the job losses from the start of the employment recession , in percentage terms ( as opposed to the number of jobs lost ) .
The current employment recession is the worst recession since WWII in percentage terms , and 2nd worst in terms of the unemployment rate ( only early ' 80s recession with a peak of 10.8 percent was worse ) .
Note :
The total jobs lost does not include the annual benchmark payroll revision that will be announced on February 5 , 2010 .
The preliminary estimate is for a downward revision of 824,000 jobs - pushing the total jobs lost over 8 million .
In the Middle East and Greece , the idiomatic expression “ the mother of all --- ” has been used to describe the biggest , most extreme or ultimate examples of various things for more than two thousand years .
However , it was n’t a common phrase in the United States until Iraq dictator Saddam Hussein uttered his famous line about “ The mother of all battles ” shortly before the First Gulf War in 1991 .
In August 1990 , Saddam had ordered Iraqi troops to invade Kuwait .
For the next five months , the United States and United Nations tried using sanctions and threats to get Saddam to withdraw , ultimately giving him a mid-January deadline .
Saddam was not impressed .
On January 6 , 1991 , in a speech marking the 70th anniversary of the modern Iraqi Army , he boasted that Kuwait was eternally part of Iraq and predicted a long struggle in the Persian Gulf against the “ tyranny represented by the United States . ”
Saddam told the people of Iraq : “ The battle in which you are locked today is the mother of all battles …
Our rendezvous with victory is very near , God willing . ”
US Air Force video about Operation Desert Storm
On January 17 , 1991 , American military forces and troops from a coalition of other countries , launched Operation Desert Storm with massive airstrikes on Iraq .
That day , Saddam claimed to be confident that Iraq would repel the coalition forces .
Once again he used his newly famous catchphrase , boasting “ The great showdown has begun ; the mother of all battles is under way ! ”
Saddam went on to predict that “ the dawn of victory nears as this great showdown begins ... The evil and satanic intentions of the White House will be crushed and so will all the blasphemous and oppressive forces . ”
Of course , Saddam was wrong .
Iraq lost the First Gulf War , amazingly quickly .
President George H.W. Bush decided not to force Saddam out of power .
But his son President George W. Bush decided to fix that “ mistake ” during the Second Gulf War , which he launched in 2003 .
Not long after that war began , Saddam was captured .
He was eventually tried for “ crimes against humanity , ” convicted and executed by hanging in 2006 .
Today , in addition to being remembered as a brutal dictator , Saddam Hussein is known as the father of the “ mother of all battles ” and its many linguistic offspring .
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
Obituaries routinely inform us that so - and - so has died " after a brave battle against cancer " .
Of course , we will never read that so - and - so has died " after a pathetically feeble battle against cancer " .
But one thing that I have come to appreciate since being diagnosed with multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the blood ) two years ago is how unreal both notions are .
It 's just not like that .
The stress on cancer patients ' " bravery " and " courage " implies that if you can't " conquer " your cancer , there 's something wrong with you , some weakness or flaw .
If your cancer progresses rapidly , is it your fault ?
Does it reflect some failure of willpower ?
In blaming the victim , the ideology attached to cancer mirrors the bootstrap individualism of the neoliberal order , in which the poor are poor because of their own weaknesses – and " failure " and " success " become the ultimate duality , dished out according to individual merit .
It also reinforces the demand on patients for uncomplaining stoicism , which in many cases is why they are in bad shape in the first place .
Late diagnosis leads to tens of thousands of avoidable deaths in the UK each year .
For those who have been diagnosed it remains a barrier to effective treatment .
The free flow of information between patient and doctor is a scientific necessity , and a reluctance to complain inhibits it .
Earlier this year Barack Obama vowed to " launch a new effort to conquer a disease that has touched the life of nearly every American " .
In so doing , he was intensifying and expanding a " war on cancer " first declared by Richard Nixon in 1971 .
But this " war " is as mislabelled and misconceived as the " war on terror " or the " war on drugs " .
For a start , why must every concerted effort be likened to warfare ?
Is this the only way we are able to describe human co-operation in pursuit of a common goal ?
And who are the enemies in this war ?
Cancer cells may be " malignant " but they are not malevolent .
Like the wars on " drugs " and " terror " , the war on cancer misapplies the martial metaphor to dangerous effect .
It simplifies a complex and daunting phenomenon – making it ripe for political and financial exploitation .
In the war on cancer , the search for the ultimate weapon , the magic bullet that will " cure " cancer , overshadows other tactics .
Nixon promised " a cure for cancer " in 10 years ; Obama promises one " in our times " .
But there is unlikely to be a single cure for cancer .
There are more than 200 recognised types , and their causes are myriad .
As a strategic objective , the search for the ultimate weapon distorts research and investment , drawing resources away from prevention and treatment , areas where progress has been and can be made .
Like other wars , real and imagined , the " war on cancer " is a gift to opportunists of all stripes .
Among the circling vultures are travel insurers who charge people with cancer 10 times the rate charged to others ; the publishers of self - help books ; and the promoters of miracle cures , vitamin supplements and various " alternative therapies " of no efficacy whatsoever .
But most of all , there 's the pharmaceutical industry , which manipulates research , prices and availability of drugs in pursuit of profit .
And with considerable success .
The industry enjoys a steady return on sales of some 17 % , three times the median return for other industries .
Prices do not reflect the actual costs of developing or making the drug but are pushed up to whatever the market can bear .
Exorbitant drug prices are at the root of recent controversies over the approval by the National Institute for Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) of " expensive " cancer drugs – notably Revlimid , a therapy used in the later stages of a number of cancers , including mine – and top - up or " co-payments " ( allowing those who can afford it to buy medicines deemed too expensive by the NHS ) .
" We are told we are being mean all the time , but what nobody mentions is why the drugs are so expensive , " said the Nice chairman , Professor Michael Rawlins .
" Pharmaceutical companies have enjoyed double - digit growth year on year , and they are out to sustain that , not least because their senior management 's earnings are related to the share price . "
Many cancer therapies are blunt instruments .
They attack not only cancer cells but everything else in sight .
This is one reason people fear cancer : the treatment can be brutal .
Making it less brutal would be a huge stride forwards for people with cancer .
And that requires not a top - down military strategy , with its win or lose approach , but greater access to information , wider participation in decision - making ( across hierarchies and disciplines ) and empowerment of the patient .
Because I live in the catchment area for Barts hospital in central London , I find myself a winner in the NHS post code lottery .
The treatment is cutting - edge and the staff are efficient , caring and respectful .
What 's more , I live close enough so that I can undergo most of my treatment as an outpatient – a huge boon .
Cancer treatment involves extensive interaction with institutions ( hospitals , clinics , social services , the NHS itself ) .
Even in the best hospitals , the loss of freedom and dependence on anonymous forces can be oppressive .
Many cancer patients find themselves involved in a long and taxing struggle for autonomy – a rarely acknowledged reality of the war on cancer , in which the generals call the shots from afar .
As Susan Sontag noted , in the course of the 20th century cancer came to play the role that tuberculosis played in the 19th century – as a totem of suffering and mortality , the dark shadow that can blight the sunniest day .
But the ubiquitousness of cancer in our culture is of dubious value to those living with the disease .
The media love cancer scares and cancer cures ; they dwell on heroic survivors ( Lance Armstrong ) and celebrity martyrs ( Jade Goody ) .
But as Ben Goldacre has shown in his Bad Science column , they routinely misrepresent research findings , conjuring breakthroughs from nothing and leaving the public panicked , confused or complacent .
What we need is not a war on cancer but a recognition that cancer is a social and environmental issue , requiring profound social and environmental changes .
Mrs Ross , who used the tweet name of " Military - Mom " , had sent out a message at 5.22 pm on Monday which read : " Fog is rolling in thick scared the birds back in the coop . "
She and her 11 - year - old son had been cleaning out a chicken coup while Bryson played in the garden .
Advertisements
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin took to her Facebook page again today to attack President Obama for treating the suspect in the attempted Christmas Day terror attack as a criminal .
Palin ’s entire intellectual basis for argument is based on what she saw on Fox News , and things that she made up .
Palin ’s post jumped right into the issue , “ We are at war with radical Islamic extremists and treating this threat as a law enforcement issue is dangerous for our nation ’s security .
That ’s what happened in the 1990s and we saw the result on September 11 , 2001 .
This is a war on terror not an “ overseas contingency operation . ”
Acts of terrorism are just that , not “ man caused disasters . ”
The system did not work .
Abdulmutallab was a child of privilege radicalized and trained by organized jihadists , not an “ isolated extremist ” who traveled to a land of “ crushing poverty . ”
He is an enemy of the United States , not just another criminal defendant . ”
If this argument sounds familiar to readers of this site , it should because Dick Morris said the same thing on Fox News last night .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Palin then went off about the suspect being read Miranda rights , “ It simply makes no sense to treat an al Qaeda - trained operative willing to die in the course of massacring hundreds of people as a common criminal .
Reports indicate that Abdulmutallab stated there were many more like him in Yemen but that he stopped talking once he was read his Miranda rights .
President Obama ’s advisers lamely claim Abdulmutallab might be willing to agree to a plea bargain – pretty doubtful you can cut a deal with a suicide bomber .
John Brennan , the President ’s top counterterrorism adviser , bizarrely claimed “ there are no downsides or upsides ” to treating terrorists as enemy combatants .
That is absurd . ”
The real absurdity here is that Palin relies on a unnamed media report that has already been debunked .
The White House has already said that according to CNN “ FBI investigators gleaned usable , actionable intelligence from AbdulMutallab in the hours after his arrest . ”
Once again , Sarah Palin is completely wrong .
Palin launched into total speculation and fantasy , “ There is a very serious downside to treating them as criminals : terrorists invoke their “ right ” to remain silent and stop talking .
Terrorists do n’t tell us where they were trained , what they were trained in , who they were trained by , and who they were trained with .
Giving foreign - born , foreign - trained terrorists the right to remain silent does nothing to keep Americans safe from terrorist threats .
It only gives our enemies access to courtrooms where they can publicly grandstand , and to defense attorneys who can manipulate the legal process to gain access to classified information . ”
If the scenario that Palin lays out would actually occur , then all the civil trials of terror suspects , including those carried out by the Bush administration jeopardized national security .
There is absolutely no proof that civil trials do anything to jeopardize US national security .
Sarah has been watching too much 24 .
There is something almost sad about watching such an intellectual lightweight pretend like she knows what she is talking about .
This woman wants to be president , but the best that she can do is parrot talking points that she saw on Fox News .
I do n’t believe that Sarah Palin is naturally stupid .
Her stupidity has it ’s genesis in intellectual laziness and a belief that she can smile and wink her way to the presidency .
Description
Our beloved Hobo is back !
Last time we left him happily in prison and now he 's ready for another disgusting brawl .
Prisoners , security guards or the government , he doesnt care !
He 'll fight them all !
NOTICE : Anyone is free to make videos of my games .
Sharing video game experiences with others is really nice .
It gives me some exposure while the people who make the videos get something back in return .
I fully support the monetisation of any video you make containing footage from my games .
As long as you do n’t claim to be the creator of my games , it ’s all good !
Throwing my name , SeethingSwarm , as the creator into the description or into the video itself is also always appreciated .
Welcome to
Do you have a Handlebar Moustache ?
Then the Handlebar Club is the club for you !
It is with great sadness that we have to announce the death of Bo Jonsson ,
one of the longest serving members of the Handlebar Club at the age of 84 .
For more Club news visit our Graspable Extremities News Magazine .
( Hover mouse over pictures to halt cycle )
We are an international club for men with handlebar moustaches .
Founded in 1947 and still going strong , the Handlebar Club currently has members from many different countries .
The qualification for membership is :
" a hirsute appendage of the upper lip , with graspable extremities "
and in addition , we specify that beards are not allowed .
But if you do not have a moustache , do not despair !
Because we also have " Friends of the Handlebar Club " .
These are supporters of the club who do not have the necessary qualification for full membership .
MEMBERS OUTSIDE THE WINDSOR CASTLE PUB Photo © Stephanie Wolff
CLUB MEMBERS AT THE 2011 AGM IN YORK PHOTO © 2011 Andy Vaines
The nanotubes stay put and function even when the fabric is stretched Ordinary cotton and polyester fabrics have been turned into batteries that retain their flexibility .
The demonstration is a boost to the nascent field of " wearable electronics " in which devices are integrated into clothing and textiles .
The approach is based on dipping fabrics in an " ink " of tiny tubes of carbon , and was first demonstrated last year on plain copier paper .
The new application to fabrics is reported in the journal Nano Letters .
" Wearable electronics represent a developing new class of materials ... which allow for many applications and designs previously impossible with traditional electronics technologies , " the authors wrote .
A number of research efforts in recent years have shown the possibility of electronics that can be built on flexible and even transparent surfaces - leading to the often - touted " roll - up display " .
However , the integration of electronics into textiles has presented different challenges , in particular developing approaches that work with ordinary fabrics .
Now , Yi Cui and his team at Stanford University in the US has shown that their " ink " made of carbon nanotubes - cylinders of carbon just billionths of a metre across - can serve as a dye that can simply and cheaply turn a t - shirt into an " e- shirt " .
The method was initially demonstrated using plain paper
Battery made of paper charges up
The idea is the same as that outlined in their work with plain paper ; the interwoven fibres of fabrics , like those of paper , are particularly suited to absorbing the nanotube ink , maintaining an electrical connection across the whole area of a garment .
Cloth is simply dipped into a batch of nanotube dye , and is then pressed , to thin and even out the coating .
The fabric maintains its properties even as it is stretched or folded .
Even rinsing the samples in water and wringing them out does not change their electronic properties .
" Our approach is easy and low - cost while producing great performance , " Professor Cui told BBC News .
" Fabrics and paper represent two technologies with a thousand - year - old history .
We combined ' high - tech ' - nanotechnology - with traditional ' low - tech ' to produce new applications . "
The next step is to integrate the approach with materials that store more energy , in order to create more useful batteries .
By combining the approach with other electronic materials in the ink , the team believes even wearable solar cells are possible .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Maziar Bahari is free , finally , after 118 days in an Iranian prison , on trumped - up charges of being a spy for the Mossad , CIA , MI6 , and Newsweek — charges that were leveled at him , he says , specifically to fit him into the false narrative being spun by Iran ’s leadership to its people following the post-election uprising last June .
Bahari recounted the experience in minute , fascinating detail in Newsweek last week , and has subsequently appeared on 60 Minutes , Charlie Rose and , last night , the Daily Show .
Only one of those shows were to blame for his incarceration .
Yes , incredibly , Bahari ’s participation in the Daily Show ‘s spoofy special reports from Iran last June were specifically held up by Bahari ’s captors as evidence of his spying activities .
Which made Bahari ’s visit with Jon Stewart last night extra-interesting ( or , return to the scene of the non-crime , if you will ) , especially in the opening : “ You were imprisoned in Iran … ” “ Yes .
Because of you . ”
Stewart and Bahari hit on something really smart , I think , in this interview : Evil is stupid .
See below :
Stewart :
We hear so much about the banality of evil , but so little about the stupidity of evil .
Bahari : Evil is stupid … you know , whenever you take anything to the extremes you see the humor in it and you see the stupidity in it .
I think what the Iranian government did , and what my interrogator as the representative of the Iranian government was doing to me , was stupid and funny at the same time .
It was not funny while I was in the interrogation room ( laugh ) blindfolded in a dark room , being beaten – that was not funny .
But when I ws going back to my cell – I had to laugh .
That was my defense mechanism .
Stewart :
They say comedy is imprisonment plus time .
The interview was terrific , not only because Stewart is so very good at hitting the tension - relief punchlines but because it gave Bahari 8 minutes to talk about this stuff .
In a sea of coverage dominated by White House party crashers , Glenn Beck , Sarah Palin and the kids from Twilight , what happened in Iran back in June has receded somewhat from the headlines ( though with end - of - year coverage , there has been a resurgence in that topic ) .
In any case , we have it below and it is definitely worth a watch — especially for what the Iranian ’s apparently think of New Jersey ( hint : lots of sex , no Jews ) .
In the meantime , though , Bahari ’s Newsweek article is an amazing , detail - rich document of what is happening in that country ( hint : much less fun sounding than New Jersey ) , as well as how he was able to figure out what was happening to him , and who was doing it ( the details about how why his captors smelled like rosewater , and the significance of their footwear , are fascinating ) .
But then there ’s this :
I would later discover that I had been picked up by the intelligence division of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , or IRGC .
Before the June election , this unit of the Guards was little known ; whenever journalists and intellectuals ran afoul of the authorities they were usually questioned by the official Ministry of Intelligence .
But the IRGC , which reports directly to Khamenei , had been growing dramatically more powerful .
Many suspect that the Guards rigged the election .
Certainly they led the crackdown that followed …. [ T ]he Guards are exacerbating the Islamic Republic ’s worst instincts , its insecurity and deep suspiciousness .
As world powers try to engage Tehran to mitigate the threat of its nuclear program , it ’s critical that they understand this mindset and the role the IRGC now plays within the Iranian system .
Scary stuff .
Less punchline - filled but no less fascinating was Bahari ’s interview with Charlie Rose on Friday evening .
All are worth your time and attention , especially if you want to learn more about what is brewing over in Iran .
Here ’s the video from last night ’s Daily Show :
118 Days In Hell [ Newsweek ]
Maziar Bahari on 60 Minutes [ CBS ]
Transcript : Maziar Bahari on 60 Minutes [ CBS ]
Maziar Bahari on Charlie Rose [ Charlie Rose ]
Newsweek Reporter Suspected Of Being Spy Over Daily Show Vid [ Mediaite ]
Related :
Superhero Journalists – Like Newsweek ’s Maziar Bahari [ Mediaite ]
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Watch out for these movies that are dropping soon in the coming month of ...
When I requested something nsfw and for my girlfriend as well , I kinda knew what 's coming up .
It 's a DIY vibrator , and I can make one shaped exactly like my penis !
And it glows in the dark , too !
Kasia said that we 'll make one tomorrow , but I probably wo n't submit pictures , this kind of shit belongs to /r / gonewild .
Or I 'll make it shaped like a velociraptor .
Anyway , you 've made my day Nathan , you 're the man !
Thank you !
PRESIDENT OBAMA has put job creation on the front burner  he outlined his new plan in a speech yesterday , and at last week ’s jobs forum he said he was “ open to every demonstrably good idea ” to put Americans back to work .
Well , here ’s a proposition : Cities and towns across the country are the default owners of hundreds of thousands of abandoned and derelict single - family houses , apartment buildings and factories .
These places are a blight on our communities .
The federal government should reimburse cities and towns who hire people from the unemployment rolls to tear down these structures , clean up the properties and , if there is no immediate buyer for them , to turn them into green spaces .
Not only will this create jobs , it will also provide lasting economic value as the properties get placed back on the tax rolls .
And the program would give clear evidence that the taxpayers ’ ( borrowed ) dollars are producing a tangible public benefit .
To encourage participation , Washington might consider giving cities and towns a 25 percent bonus  beyond reimbursing them for what they spend on reclamation .
We could get such a program running by early next year , and it could run through , say , mid-2011 .
PopCap has revealed via an arbitrary Facebook response comment of all things , that their acclaimed tower defense title Plants vs Zombies will be making its way onto the iPhone platform sometime later next month .
From the comment : PopCap Games : “ Look out for PvZ iPhone late 01/10 ″
That ’s it !
Expect it to be in the app store by the end of January .
PC ’ers can get the title on Steam for a discounted $ 7.50 through Sunday , January 3 .
Tucked away in the mountains of Austria you ’ll find the tiny town of Hallstatt .
Hallstatt and its population of less than 1000 residents rest on the southwestern shore of the Hallstätter See .
In addition to the picturesque view of the town on the lake , tourists can see the world ’s first salt mine , enjoy nearby skiing , take a trip to the World Heritage Museum , and visit the Dachstein ice cave .
Though this village is very small , there are a few different hotels and restaurants to choose from .
Hallstatt , Upper Austria is a village in the Salzkammergut , a region in Austria .
It is located near the Hallstätter See ( a lake ) .
At the 2001 census it had 946 inhabitants .
Peter Scheutz has been mayor of Hallstatt since 1993 .
Salt was a valuable resource , so the region was historically very wealthy .
It is possible to tour the world ’s first known salt mine , located above downtown Hallstatt .
The village also gave its name to the early Iron Age Hallstatt culture and is a World Heritage Site for Cultural Heritage .
Hallstatt is a popular tourist attraction owing to its small - town appeal and can be toured on foot in ten minutes .
There are to date no recorded notable events took place in Hallstatt during Roman rule or the early Middle Ages .
In 1311 , Hallstatt became a market town , a sign that it had not lost its economic value .
Today , apart from salt production , which since 1595 is transported for 40 kilometers from Hallstatt to Ebensee via a brine pipeline , tourism plays a major factor in the town ’s economic life .
Tourists are told that Hallstatt is the site of “ the world ’s oldest pipeline ” , which was constructed 400 years ago from 13,000 hollowed out trees .
There is so little place for cemeteries that every ten years bones used to be exhumed and removed into an ossuary , to make room for new burials .
A collection of elaborately decorated skulls with the owners ’ names , professions , death dates inscribed on them is on display at the local chapel .
Until the late 19th century , it was only possible to reach Hallstatt by boat or via narrow trails .
The land between the lake and mountains was sparse , and the town itself exhausted every free patch of it .
Access between houses on the river bank was by boat or over the upper path , a small corridor passing through attics .
The first road to Hallstatt was only built in 1890 , along the west shore , partially by rock blasting .
However this secluded and inhospitable landscape nevertheless counts as one of the first places of human settlement because of the rich sources of natural salt , which have been mined for thousands of years , originally in the shape of hearts .
Some of Hallstatt ’s oldest archaeological finds , such as a shoe - last celt , date back to around 5500 BC .
In 1846 Johann Georg Ramsauer discovered a large prehistoric cemetery close by the current location of Hallstatt .
Ramsauer ’s work at the Hallstatt cemeteries continued till 1863 , unearthing more than 1000 burials .
It is to his credit and to the enormous benefit of archaeology that he proceeded to excavate each one with the same slow , methodical care as the first .
His methods included measuring and drawing each find , in an age before color photograph , he produced very detailed watercolors of each assemblage before it was removed from the ground .
In the history of Archaeology Ramsauer ’s work at Hallstatt helped usher in a new more methodic way of doing Archeology .
In addition , one of the firstblacksmith sites was excavated there .
Active trade and thus wealth allowed for the development of a highly developed culture , which , after findings in the Salzberghochtal , was named the Hallstatt culture .
This lasted from approximately 800 to 400 BC , and now the town ’s name is recognised worldwide .
Check more Daily News
Some months ago , I was re-introduced to Project Euler ( PE ) through the blogosphere .
I had visited that site before , but had been left unmotivated by the first dozen or so problem statements that I read — neither the programming nor the math involved anything new or challenging .
Only in the past few months , when I attempted to crack some of the harder nuts , did I realize how interesting many PE problems could be — requiring a neat algorithm ( or invoking a crucial theorem ) for an efficient solution .
My experience with Project Euler Problems
As I attempted to solve more and more problems , I found a disproportionately large number of them centered around the theory of numbers .
These involved important ideas of number sieves , congruences , continued fractions , the Farey series , solving Pell ’s equation , implementing Shanks Tonelli algorithm etc. , and had me sifting through Hardy and Wright ’s book every so often .
But after a while they were n’t so much fun .
I did , however , find enough problems of my interest to get me hooked — enumeration and dynamic programming ( 208 , 161 , 209 , 172 , 169 , 215 , 219 ) , probability ( 227 , 213 ) and those occasionally unique ones like 197 ( concerning the “ steady - state ” behavior of a certain sequence ) .
Working through these problems made me realize what a treasure PE was .
Kudos to Colin “ Euler ” Hughes and the PE - team for their effort in running this great site !
In addition to having the fun of solving the problems myself , I could study the solutions worked out by other members in the forum .
Seeing the elegance , efficiency and analyses of some of their solutions was a rewarding ( even if a bit humbling ) experience .
A case in point is the solution to Robot Walks ( 208 ) by sajninredoc and stijn263 ( among others ) , where they reduce the enumeration problem to a single summation .
And then there were those APL / J programmers with their cute one - liners !
In this entry , I shall outline my solutions ( and their performance characteristics ) to the Trominoes Tiling ( 161 ) and Number Mind ( 185 ) problems .
To solve these problems , I used the ZDD techniques I had just studied in Knuth ’s pre-fascicle 1B ( now in print as Vol 4 Fascicle 1 ) .
I had blogged earlier on Knuth ’s Fun with ZDDs musing .
Trominoes Tiling ( 161 ) : Enumerating Exact Covers using ZDDs
Trominoes Tiling ( 161 ) is almost the tiling problem of TAOCP 7.1.4 — ( 130 ) with the difference that only trominoes are allowed ( no monominoes or dominoes ) and the grid - size is slightly larger ( 9x12 instead of 8x8 ) .
I reuseed , with the obvious changes , the ZDD routines that I had coded while working out that section .
Since Knuth has already explained the ideas involved so beautifully ( see the text around 7.1.4 — ( 129 ) ) , I shall only briefly sketch the ZDD construction before giving some performance statistics .
To begin , we first model the tiling problem as an Exact Cover .
This involves creating a boolean matrix of 9x12 = 108 columns ( corresponding to cells of the board ) and 526 rows ( corresponding to the ways of placing the L and I trominoes in all possible orientations on a 9x12 grid ) .
We have iff tromino placement occupies cell .
The strategy for placement numbering I used is shown below for the simpler 4x4 case ( the cells are numbered in the usual row - major order ) .
Since the placement strategy decides the variable - ordering of the ZDD and hence its size ( unless , of course , we choose to sift / reorder variables later on ) , it is important to pick a placement strategy that is not too inefficient .
Having constructed the boolean matrix , to enumerate the tilings , we find the number of ways to select some rows of the matrix such that if we inspect any column , precisely one of the selected rows contains a 1 in that column .
Hence the name “ exact ” cover — we neither want to leave any cell uncovered , nor do we want parts of two or more trominoes to overlap .
Exact covers can be enumerated using Knuth ’s Algorithm X — an efficient backtracking technique implemented using an idea Knuth calls Dancing Links ( DANCE program , paper at arXiv , Computer Musing video , ASL Implementations for dancing_links and toroid_node_t ) .
Algorithm X not only enumerates the solution , it in fact generates them all !
To enumerate exact covers using ZDDs , using the matrix produced in the step above , we construct the boolean function ( Eq. 7.1.4 — ( 129 ) ) :
1
where boolean variableindicates selection of rowof the matrix ( that is , placement a tromino in the orientation ) , is the set of rowsthat have ain column , andis thethat is true if exactly one of its inputs are true .
The functionwill be true iff for each column , exactly one of the selected rowhas= 1 — this is just the condition for exact cover !
For various ways to efficiently construct the above ZDD , see Exercise 7.1.4 — 212 .
The function can itself be implemented using Exercise 207’s “ Symmetrizing ” operation .
Once we have the ZDD for the boolean function above , the number of solutions , i.e. , the number of vectors that make true ( which are precisely the vectors representing exact covers ) can be readily found using the ZDD - analog of Algorithm 7.1.4C .
Runtime performance of the solution :
The resulting ZDD involved 526 variables and had a size of 7893743 zeads .
Without invoking any garbage collection , the peak memory usage was ~600 MB ( where each zead in my implementation was a 20 - byte node ) ; time taken was 34s ( user ) and 85s ( elapsed ) .
Given that my memos were n’t very optimized ( I had used GCC ’s std : :map ) and neither had I tried doing any variable reordering , the performance seemed reasonable .
A dynamic programming approach ( like one I later used for Crack - free Walls ( 215 ) ) , should have been able to give the results in about a second ( this was confirmed by posts on the forum ) .
Nevertheless , the ZDD solution was fast enough to keep my conscience clear of any violations of Project Euler ’s one - minute - rule .
Aside : The Crack - free Walls ( 215 ) problem is kind of like TAOCP Exercise 7.1.4 — 214 ( Knuth calls it “ faultfree ” ) and should be amenable to the ZDD attack .
There , however , appears to be a danger of hitting space - out since the grid - size 10x32 is somewhat large .
I ’ve not tried this approach .
Number Mind ( 185 ) : Using ZDDs to satisfy an ad - hoc set of constraints
Number Mind ( 185 ) was the other PE problem that I solved with ZDDs .
In this problem we ’re to uncover a 16 - digit number given a set of “ guesses ” of the form :
5616185650518293 ; 2 correct
3847439647293047 ;1 correct
5855462940810587 ; 3 correct
. . .
The guesses along with the “ hit - rates ” provide partial information about the secret number .
Our aim is to find the “ secret ” number corresponding to the set of guesses .
To solve this problem , we create variables representing the condition that th digit ( ) is ( ) .
We then have the following constraints :
Since each position can hold just one digit , for each exactly one of can be true .
Constraints of this kind correspond to terms like , where is again our friend , the symmetric boolean function .
can hold just one digit , for each exactly one of can be true .
Constraints of this kind correspond to terms like , where is again our friend , the symmetric boolean function .
Each of the given guess “ hit - rates ” must be satisfied .
As an example , the third constraint “ 5855462940810587 ( 3 correct ) ” is represented as :
Using the symmetrizing operator from Exercise 7.1.4 — 207 , both the above kinds of constraints are easily represented .
Finally , we compute the AND ( or , INTERSECT , if one prefers family - of - subsets point - of - view ) of the individual constraints — and we ’re left with the final ZDD representing the family of feasible solutions ( in our case , the solution in fact turns out to be unique ) .
Runtime performance of the solution :
The ZDD had 160 variables , program execution had a peak memory usage of ~ 1GB without any garbage collection or reordering ( zead - size 20 - bytes ) , size of the largest partial function was 4665450 zeads .
The running time was ~ 16s ( both user and elapsed ) .
Conclusion
Comparing the ZDD solutions to the two PE problems , I think it was the kind of “ unstructured ” problem like Number Mind where the ZDD technique really shined .
ESA ’s Mars Express orbiter took images last month of Mars two moons , Phobos and Deimos .
This is the first time the moons have been imaged together in high resolution , but as Emily Lakdawalla points out on Planetary Blog , not the first time the two have been imaged together : the Spirit rover did it back in 2005 !
But these new image definitely provide a ‘ wow ’ factor , as well as helping to validate and refine existing orbit models of the two moons .
“ It does n’t happen very often that both Martian moons are right in front of the camera , directly one behind the other , ” said Harald Hoffmann from the German Aerospace Center ( DLR ) .
“ During the now more than six - year long project , we have had several opportunities to photograph the two moons together , ” said Klaus - Dieter Matz , who worked with Hoffmann to plan the acquisition of these images .
“ The geometry of the constellation during Orbit 7492 on 5 November 2009 was especially favorable , so this time we wanted to try taking a sequence of photographs – and this first attempt has delivered the expected result ! ”
Phobos , the larger of the two moons , orbits closer to the Red Planet , circling it every 7 hours and 39 minutes .
It travels faster relative to Mars than the Moon relative to Earth .
It was 11,800 km from Mars Express when the images were taken .
Deimos was 26,200 km away .
The images were acquired with the Super Resolution Channel ( SRC ) of the High Resolution Stereo Camera ( HRSC ) .
The camera took 130 images of the moons on 5 November at 9:14 CET over period of 1.5 minutes at intervals of 1s , speeding up to 0.5 -s intervals toward the end .
The image resolution is 110 m / pixel for Phobos and 240 m / pixel for Deimos — since Deimos was more than twice as far from the camera .
Sources : DLR , ESA
The Quote Garden ™
“ I dig old books . ” ™
Est. 1998
Find Your Way HOME Site Map Search About Contact Terms Privacy
Quotations about
Books & Reading
Related Quotes Libraries Literature Poetry Writing
Welcome to my collection of quotes about books and reading !
SEE ALSO : Audio Books , Bookshelves , eBooks , Nose in Books , Reading in Bed , Smell of Books Enjoy ! —ღ
Terri
Every man likes to be his own librarian ...
~ Thomas Frognall Dibdin , " Bibliographiana , " The Director : A Weekly Literary Journal , 1807 April 11th
I decided there 's two types of people in the world — people who are meant to live their life to the fullest , and people who are meant to read about those people .
I 'm the latter .
~ The Middle , " Hecks on a Train , " written by Tim Hobert [ S6 , E12 , Brick Heck ]
A good book should leave you ... slightly exhausted at the end .
You live several lives while reading it .
~ William Styron , interview , Writers at Work , 1958
Anyone who says they have only one life to live must not know how to read a book .
~ Author unknown
I fancy that at the beginning some fairy may have offered me the choice between great power and station and the privilege of living always among books , and that I , like the good child in the fairy tale , chose the latter .
~ James L. Whitney , " Reminiscences of an Old Librarian , " November 1909 [ Whitney credits the idea for his statement to Andrew Lang 's " Ballade of the Bookworm . " — tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
A good book on your shelf is a friend that turns its back on you and remains a friend .
~ Author unknown
Destroying a book is like destroying a whole world .
~ Bruce Zimmerman , Criminal Minds , " Surface Tension " [ S12 , E11 , 2017 , Diana Reid ]
A book is the only place in which you can examine a fragile thought without breaking it , or explore an explosive idea without fear it will go off in your face .
It is one of the few havens remaining where a man 's mind can get both provocation and privacy .
~ Edward P. Morgan
The worth of a book is to be measured by what you can carry away from it .
~ James Bryce
My books — a ragged lot are they ...
And yet to me each dingy book
Appeals with such a friendly look ...
My Goldsmith 's muslin coat is torn ;
My Boswell I have clothed in cotton ;
Old Samuel 's leathern suit is rotten ;
Macaulay 's page is marked with grime
Beyond my power to tell in rhyme ...
I 've read Sir Walter to the core , —
His volumes now are somewhat tattered ;
My poets all — Burns , Byron , Keats ,
Poe , Coleridge — I have sucked their sweets ,
And left the calyx somewhat shattered ...
~ T.J. Chapman , " My Books , " c.1889
There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and a tired man who wants a book to read .
~ G.K. Chesterton
Many people , other than the authors , contribute to the making of a book , from the first person who had the bright idea of alphabetic writing through the inventor of movable type to the lumberjacks who felled the trees that were pulped for its printing .
It is not customary to acknowledge the trees themselves , though their commitment is total .
~ Forsyth and Rada , Machine Learning
Writing to me is an advanced and slow form of reading .
If you find a book you really want to read but it has n't been written yet , then you must write it .
~ Toni Morrison , quoted in Ellen Brown , " Writing Is Third Career For Morrison , " The Cincinnati Enquirer , 1981 September 27th
Old Books are best !...
What though the prints be not so bright ,
The paper dark , the binding slight ?
Our author , be he dull or sage ,
Returning from a distant age
So lives again .
We say of right :
Old Books are best .
~ Beverly Chew , " Old Books Are Best , " 1886
A good book has no ending .
~R.D. Cumming
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends ; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors , and the most patient of teachers .
~ Charles W. Eliot
Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it .
~ P.J. O'Rourke
Outside of a dog , a book is man 's best friend .
Inside of a dog it 's too dark to read .
~ Attributed to Groucho Marx
I must say I find television very educational .
The minute somebody turns it on , I go into the library and read a good book .
~ Groucho Marx
[ I]t is pleasanter to eat one 's own peas out of one 's own garden , than to buy them by the peck at Covent Garden ; and a book reads the better , which is our own , and has been so long known to us , that we know the topography of its blots and dog 's - ears , and can trace the dirt in it to having read it at tea with buttered muffins , or over a pipe ....
~ Charles Lamb , letter to S.T. Coleridge , 11 October 1802
A writer only begins a book , it is the reader who completes it ; for the reader takes up where the writer left off as new thoughts stir within him .
~ David Harris Russell ( 1906 –1965 ) , Children Learn to Read , 1949
The searching spirit ... at wisdom 's shrine ,
Will draw pure draughts from her unfathomed well ,
And nurse the never - dying lamp , that burns
Brighter and brighter on , as ages roll ...
For there is in the company of books ,
The living souls of the departed sage ,
And bard , and hero ; there is in the roll
Of eloquence and history , which speak
The deeds of early and of better days ...
~ James G. Percival , " Love of Study , " c.1822
... the strongest friends of the soul – BOOKS ... ~ Emily Dickinson
The man who does n't read has no advantage over the man who can't read .
~ Author unknown
Reading and writing are as necessary to him as eating and drinking , and he hopes he will never lack for books .
~ Georg Christoph Lichtenberg ( 1742–1799 ) , " Concerning a Person of My Acquaintance " [ Writing of himself .
An unfinished work .
Translated by Norman Alliston , 1908 .
— tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
Books are not made for furniture , but there is nothing else that so beautifully furnishes a house .
~ Henry Ward Beecher
I would be most content if my children grew up to be the kind of people who think decorating consists mostly of building enough bookshelves .
~ Anna Quindlen , " Enough Bookshelves , " New York Times , 1991 August 7th
Let books be your dining table ,
And you shall be full of delights
Let them be your mattress
And you shall sleep restful nights .
~ Author unknown
A book is like a garden carried in the pocket .
~ Chinese Proverb
An old book is always comforting : it speaks to us from a distance , we can listen or not , and when suddenly mighty words flare up , we take them not as we would from a book of today , from an author with such and such name , but as though at firsthand , as we take the cry of a gull or a ray of sunlight .
~ Hermann Hesse
There 's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there 's a repair job to be done around the house .
~ Joe Ryan
In my garden I spend my days ; in my library I spend my nights .
My interests are divided between my geraniums and my books .
With the flower I am in the present ; with the book I am in the past .
I go into my library , and all history unrolls before me .
I breathe the morning air of the world while the scent of Eden 's roses yet lingered in it ....
~ Alexander Smith , " Books and Gardens , " Dreamthorp : A Book of Essays Written in the Country , 1863
Books let us into their souls and lay open to us the secrets of our own .
~ William Hazlitt
A book is very like a money - changer : it pays you back in another form what you bring to it .
~ Austin O'Malley ( 1858 –1932 ) , Thoughts of a Recluse , 1898
My test of a good novel is dreading to begin the last chapter .
~ Thomas Helm
A dirty book is rarely dusty .
~ Author unknown
What a silence in those old books as of a half - peopled world — what bleating of flocks — what green pastoral rest — what indubitable human existence !...
O men and women , so far separated yet so near , so strange yet so well - known , by what miraculous power do I know ye all !
Books are the true Elysian fields where the spirits of the dead converse , and into these fields a mortal may venture unappalled .
What king 's court can boast such company ?
What school of philosophy such wisdom ?...
Seated in my library at night , and looking on the silent faces of my books , I am occasionally visited by a strange sense of the supernatural .
They are not collections of printed pages , they are ghosts .
I take one down and it speaks with me in a tongue not now heard on earth , and of men and things of which it alone possesses knowledge .
I call myself a solitary , but sometimes I think I misapply the term .
No man sees more company than I do .
~ Alexander Smith , " Books and Gardens , " Dreamthorp : A Book of Essays Written in the Country , 1863
Midnight in the bookstore —
where all the unsold books
are telling stories .
~ Dr. SunWolf , professorsunwolf.com
As a rule reading fiction is as hard to me as trying to hit a target by hurling feathers at it .
I need resistance to celebrate !
~ William James
You know you 've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend .
~ Paul Sweeney
It is what you read when you do n't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it .
~ Oscar Wilde
Around the narrow circuit of the room
Breast - high the books I love range file on file ;
And when , day - weary , I would rest awhile ,
As once again slow falls the gathering gloom
Upon the world , I love to pass my hand
Along their serried ranks , and silent stand
In breathless heark 'ning to their silent speech .
With rev'rent hand I touch the back of each
Of these my books .
How much of their dear selves —
The hand that held the pen , the brain that wrought
The subtle fancies on these pages caught —
Have men immortal left upon my shelves !
~ Charles Washington Coleman ( 1862–1932 ) , " Of My Books , " c.1893
" Sleep is good , " he said .
" And books are better . "
~ George R.R. Martin , A Clash of Kings , 1999 [ Tyrion Lannister –tg ]
A book must be an ice - axe to break the seas frozen inside our soul .
~ Franz Kafka
Lord !
when you sell a man a book you do n't sell just twelve ounces of paper and ink and glue — you sell him a whole new life .
Love and friendship and humour and ships at sea by night — there 's all heaven and earth in a book , a real book .
~ Christopher Morley
Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his are n't very new after all .
~ Abraham Lincoln
The smallest bookstore still contains more ideas of worth than have been presented in the entire history of television .
~ Andrew Ross
Unto those Three Things which the Ancients held impossible , there should be added this Fourth , to find a Book Printed without erratas .
~ Alfonso de Cartagena
Errata . —
Deathbed confessions of a book .
~" Specimens of a Patent Pocket Dictionary ,
For the use of those who wish to understand the meaning of things as well as words , " The New Monthly Magazine and Literary Journal , 1824
In the attic Christie was discovered lying dressed upon her bed , asleep or suffocated by the smoke that filled the room .
A book had slipped from her hand , and in falling had upset the candle on a chair beside her ....
" I forbade her to keep the gas lighted so late , and see what the deceitful creature has done with her private candle ! " cried Mrs. Stuart ....
" Look at her !...
She has been at the wine , or lost her wits ....
She is too fond of books , and it has turned her brain . "
~ Louisa May Alcott , " Servant , " Work : A Story of Experience , 1873
I 've never known any trouble that an hour 's reading did n't assuage .
~ Charles de Secondat , Baron de la Brède et de Montesquieu , Pensées Diverses
We talked books .
We just simply enumerated books without end , praising or damning them , and arranged authors in neat pews ....
No pastime is more agreeable to people who have the book disease , and none more quickly fleets the hours , and none is more delightfully futile .
~ Arnold Bennett ( 1867–1931 )
To sit alone in the lamplight with a book spread out before you , and hold intimate converse with men of unseen generations — such is a pleasure beyond compare .
~ Kenko Yoshida
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures .
~ Jessamyn West
Sometimes , looking at the many books I have at home , I feel I shall die before I come to the end of them , yet I can not resist the temptation of buying new books .
Whenever I walk into a bookstore and find a book on one of my hobbies ...
I say to myself , " What a pity I can't buy that book , for I already have a copy at home . "
~ Jorge Luis Borges ( 1899 –1986 ) , " The Riddle of Poetry , " This Craft of Verse , edited by Călin- Andrei Mihăilescu , 2000
I suggest that the only books that influence us are those for which we are ready , and which have gone a little farther down our particular path than we have yet got ourselves .
~E.M. Forster , Two Cheers for Democracy , 1951
TV .
If kids are entertained by two letters , imagine the fun they 'll have with twenty - six .
Open your child 's imagination .
Open a book .
~ Author Unknown
There is no thief worse than a bad book .
~ Italian Proverb
People say that life is the thing , but I prefer reading .
~ Logan Pearsall Smith , Trivia , 1917
Many , many books .
It is likely I will die next to a pile of things I was meaning to read .
~ Lemony Snicket , when asked " Are there any books you wish you had read , but never got the chance ? " during a live Facebook chat hosted by Scholastic Reading Club , 2013 January 16th [ During this chat we also learn that his favorite kinds of tea are Darjeeling in the morning , green in the afternoon , and mint in the evening .
— tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
Wilde strikes an evangel note .
It is a note that lifts itself through sorrow and slavery to joy and freedom .
Puts seed in the ground .
Into you .
When a book stops doing that it is dead .
No matter how pretty it may be as a corpse it is dead .
~ Horace Traubel ( 1858 –1919 ) , review of Oscar Wilde 's The Soul of Man under Socialism , in The Conservator , May 1905
We live in an age of science and of abundance .
The care and reverence for books as such , proper to an age when no book was duplicated until someone took the pains to copy it out by hand , is obviously no longer suited to ' the needs of society ' , or to the conservation of learning .
The weeder is supremely needed if the Garden of the Muses is to persist as a garden .
~ Ezra Pound , Chapter One , ABC of Reading , 1934
Always look on the bright side of life .
Otherwise it 'll be too dark to read .
~ Author Unknown
I 'm old - fashioned and think that reading books is the most glorious pastime that humankind has yet devised .
~ Wisława Szymborska ( 1923 –2012 ) , Nonrequired Reading : Prose Pieces , " From the Author , " translated from the Polish by Clare Cavanagh , 2002
Books had instant replay long before televised sports .
~ Bern Williams
The man that I named the Giver passed along to the boy knoweldge , history , memories , color , pain , laughter , love , and truth .
Every time you place a book in the hands of a child , you do the same thing .
It is very risky .
But each time a child opens a book , he pushes open the gate that separates him from Elsewhere .
It gives him choices .
It gives him freedom .
Those are magnificent , wonderfully unsafe things .
~ Lois Lowry ( b.1937 ) , Newberry Medal acceptance speech , 1994
How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book .
~ Henry David Thoreau , Walden
All books are self - help books .
~ Frank Arricale , The Power of Balance , 2009
To choose a good book , look in an inquisitor 's prohibited list .
~ John Aikin
In reading , a lonely quiet concert is given to our minds ; all our mental faculties will be present in this symphonic exaltation .
~ Stéphane Mallarmé
Books are the bees which carry the quickening pollen from one to another mind .
~ James Russell Lowell
Books can be dangerous .
The best ones should be labeled " This could change your life . "
~ Helen Exley
There is a wonder in reading Braille that the sighted will never know : to touch words and have them touch you back .
~ Jim Fiebig
This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum .
~ Elbert Hubbard
Christie loved books ...
This amusement lightened many heavy hours , peopled the silent house with troops of friends , and , for a time , was the joy of her life .
~ Louisa May Alcott , " Servant , " Work : A Story of Experience , 1873
Good friends , good books and a sleepy conscience : this is the ideal life .
~ Mark Twain , 1898
Perdu reflected that it was a common misconception that booksellers looked after books .
They look after people .
~ Nina George , The Little Paris Bookshop , 2013 , translated by Simon Pare , 2015
A book is to me like a hat or coat — a very uncomfortable thing until the newness has been worn off .
~ Charles B. Fairbanks
If you resist reading what you disagree with , how will you ever acquire deeper insights into what you believe ?
The things most worth reading are precisely those that challenge our convictions .
~ Author unknown
I remember childhood as a wonderfully sunny and happy time , free of all shadows and insecurity .
One of the happiest of memories is that of bringing armfuls of books home from the library and reading them in an old , stuffed , lumpy chair in the attic .
~ Ethel Pochocki ( 1925 –2010 ) , quoted in Something about the Author , Volume 76 , edited by Diane Telgen , 1994
Books are the glass of council to dress ourselves by .
~ Bulstrode Whitlock
To read means to borrow ; to create out of one 's readings is paying off one 's debts .
~ Georg Christoph Lichtenberg ( 1742–1799 ) , translated by Henry Hatfield and Franz H. Mautner , in The Lichtenberg Reader , 1959
Books are the compasses and telescopes and sextants and charts which other men have prepared to help us navigate the dangerous seas of human life .
~ Jesse Lee Bennett
Until I feared I would lose it , I never loved to read .
One does not love breathing .
~ Harper Lee
The scholar only knows how dear these silent , yet eloquent , companions of pure thoughts and innocent hours become in the season of adversity .
When all that is worldly turns to dross around us , these only retain their steady value .
~ Washington Irving
When you reread a classic you do not see more in the book than you did before ; you see more in you than was there before .
~ Clifton Fadiman
Classics are not classics because hoary with age — they are the steel balls which have worn down mountains but remained unchanged in the mill of time .
~ Martin H. Fischer ( 1879 –1962 )
I hear of many a " latest book " ;
I note what zealous readers say ;
Through columns critical I look ,
With their decisive " yea " and " nay " !
At times I own I 'm half inclined
O'er some new masterpiece to pore ;
Yet in the end I always find
I choose the book I 've read before !
~ Charles R. Ballard , " The Book I 've Read Before , " c.1890
For friends ... do but look upon good Books : they are true friends , that will neither flatter nor dissemble .
~ Francis Bacon
A book that is shut is but a block .
~ Thomas Fuller
In books lies the soul of the whole Past Time : the articulate audible voice of the Past , when the body and material substance of it has altogether vanished like a dream .
~ Thomas Carlyle
There are books so alive that you 're always afraid that while you were n't reading , the book has gone and changed , has shifted like a river ; while you went on living , it went on living too , and like a river moved on and moved away .
No one has stepped twice into the same river .
But did anyone ever step twice into the same book ?
~ Marina Tsvetaeva
What thrills have been mine as I stood perched on one leg like a stork , half way up a ladder , utterly oblivious of time and space , drinking in equal parts Jules Verne and the dust of the Central Library ...!
~ Robert Haven Schauffler , Foreword to Printed Joy , 1914
The stories of childhood leave an indelible impression , and their author always has a niche in the temple of memory from which the image is never cast out to be thrown on the rubbish heap of things that are outgrown and outlived .
~ Howard Pyle
No man can be called friendless who has God and the companionship of good books .
~ Elizabeth Barrett Browning
I just got out of the hospital .
I was in a speed - reading accident .
I hit a bookmark .
~ Steven Wright , A Steven Wright Special , 1985 , stevenwright.com
I find it necessary to confine my purchases strictly to books .
My me !
Yes , strictly to books .
~ Munson Havens , Old Valentines : A Love Story , 1914 [ Me too , Mr. Rowlandson , me too !
And occasionally , groceries .
— tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
Medicine for the soul .
~ Inscription over the door of the Library at Thebes
There are more truths in a good book than its author meant to put into it .
~ Marie Dubsky , Freifrau von Ebner - Eschenbach ( 1830 –1916 ) , translated by Mrs Annis Lee Wister , 1882
Books , — lighthouses erected in the great sea of time , — books , the precious depositories of the thoughts and creations of genius , — books , by whose sorcery times past become time present , and the whole pageantry of the world 's history moves in solemn procession before our eyes ; — these were to visit the firesides of the humble , and lavish the treasures of the intellect of the poor ...
From their pages the mighty souls of Plato , and Shakespeare , and Milton look out upon us in all their grandeur and beauty , undimmed by the faults and follies of earthly existence , consecrated by time .
Precious and priceless are the blessings which books scatter around our daily paths .
We walk , in imagination , with the noblest spirits ...
Without stirring from our firesides , we may roam to the most remote regions of the earth ...
Science , art , literature , philosophy , — all that man has thought , all that man has done , — the experience that has been bought with the sufferings of a hundred generations , — all are garnered up for us in the world of books ...
There our minds have a free range , our hearts a free utterance ...
~ Edwin P. Whipple , " Authors in their Relations to Life , " lecture delivered before the Literary Societies of Brown University , 1846 September 1st [ a little altered –tg ]
These are not books , lumps of lifeless paper , but minds alive on the shelves .
From each of them goes out its own voice ... and just as the touch of a button on our set will fill the room with music , so by taking down one of these volumes and opening it , one can call into range the voice of a man far distant in time and space , and hear him speaking to us , mind to mind , heart to heart .
~ Gilbert Highet
" Tell me what you read and I 'll tell you who you are " is true enough , but I 'd know you better if you told me what you reread .
~ François Mauriac
There are worse crimes than burning books .
One of them is not reading them .
~ Joseph Brodsky
Books are embalmed minds .
~ Bovee
Books people solitude with shapes more glorious than ever glittered in palaces .
Books send healing to the sick heart and energy to the wasted brain .
~ Edwin P. Whipple , " Authors in their Relations to Life , " delivered before the Literary Societies of Brown University , 1846 September 1st [ a little altered –tg ]
Children do n't read to find their identity , to free themselves from guilt , to quench the thirst for rebellion or to get rid of alienation .
They have no use for psychology ....
They still believe in God , the family , angels , devils , witches , goblins , logic , clarity , punctuation , and other such obsolete stuff ....
When a book is boring , they yawn openly .
They do n't expect their writer to redeem humanity , but leave to adults such childish illusions .
~ Isaac Bashevis Singer , 1978
I divide all readers into two classes ; those who read to remember and those who read to forget .
~ William Lyon Phelps
Set your pace to a stroll .
Stop whenever you want .
Interrupt , jump back and forth , I wo n't mind .
This book should be as easy as laughter .
It is stuffed with small things to take away .
Please help yourself .
~ Willis Goth Regier , In Praise of Flattery , 2007
The book - lover , so - called , who lacks any of the thrills that go with the establishment as well as the enjoyment of a library in all of its appointments has deprived himself of many of the most pleasurable literary and semi-literary emotions .
His books are servants rather than companions .
Look out for that man !
He is not of us .
~ Roswell Field [ a little altered — tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
Books are good company , in sad times and happy times , for books are people — people who have managed to stay alive by hiding between the covers of a book .
~E.B . White , letter to child patrons of the Troy Public Library ( Michigan ) , 1971 April 14th , reply to request from children 's librarian Marguerite Hart [ full portfolio of letters at troypl.org — tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
The love of learning , the sequestered nooks ,
And all the sweet serenity of books .
~ Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
In the gradual growth of every student 's library , he may or may not continue to admit literary friends and advisers ; but he will be sure , sooner or later , to send for a man with a tool - chest .
Sooner or later , every nook and corner will be filled with books , every window will be more or less darkened , and added shelves must be devised .
He may find it hard to achieve just the arrangement he wants , but he will find it hardest of all to meet squarely that inevitable inquiry of the puzzled carpenter , as he looks about him , " Have you really read all these books ? " ...
Yet if you asked him in turn , " Have you actually used every tool in your tool - chest ? " you would very likely be told , " Not one half as yet , at least this season ; I have the others by me , to use as I need them . "
Now if this reply can be fairly made in a simple , well - defined , distinctly limited occupation like that of a joiner , how much more inevitable it is in a pursuit which covers the whole range of thought and all the facts in the universe .
The library is the author 's tool - chest .
He must at least learn , as he grows older , to take what he wants and to leave the rest .
~ Thomas Wentworth Higginson , " Books Unread , " in The Atlantic Monthly , March 1904
There is a temperate zone in the mind , between luxurious indolence and exacting work ; and it is to this region , just between laziness and labor , that summer reading belongs .
~ Henry Ward Beecher
Nothing is worth reading that does not require an alert mind .
~ Charles Dudley Warner
I was a bookman ; I had always been a bookman .
From adolescence books had been one of my passions .
Books not merely — and perhaps not chiefly — as vehicles of learning or knowledge , but books as books , books as entities , books as beautiful things , books as historical antiquities , books as repositories of memorable associations .
Questions of type , ink , paper , margins , watermarks , paginations , bindings , were capable of really agitating me .
I was too sensitive and catholic a lover a books to be a scholar in the strict modern meaning of the term .
My magnum opus was not a work of scholarship , and even such scholarship as it comprised had been attained by a labor hateful to me .
I would inhale the scholarship of others as a sweet smell .
I would gather it like honey , but eclectically , never exhausting one flower before trying the next .
My knowledge was , perhaps , considerable , but it was unorganized .
And my principal claim to consideration was that I could wander in any demesne of culture without having the awkward air of a stranger .
In brief , I was comprehensively bookish .
~ Arnold Bennett ( 1867–1931 ) , The Glimpse : An Adventure of the Soul , 1909
If you have never said " Excuse me " to a parking meter or bashed your shins on a fireplug , you are probably wasting too much valuable reading time .
~ Sherri Chasin Calvo
The walls of books around him , dense with the past , formed a kind of insulation against the present world and its disasters .
~ Ross MacDonald
The oldest books are still only just out to those who have not read them .
~ Samuel Butler
There are many persons pretending to have a refined literary taste , who seldom read any books but those which are fashionable ...
~ Charles Lanman , " Thoughts on Literature , " 1840
I have friends whose society is delightful to me ; they are persons of all countries and of all ages ; distinguished in war , in council , and in letters ; easy to live with , always at my command .
~ Francesco Petrarch
What to do about her reading things you do n't approve of — " trashy " books , comics and the like ?
In my book , any book they read themselves is a good book .
Even Spider - Man can eventually catch you in the web of War & Peace .
~ Erma Bombeck & Billings S. Fuess , Jr. , " How to encourage your child to read , " 1984 , from Power of the Printed Word advertising campaign by Ogilvy & Mather for International Paper Company
Good as it is to inherit a library , it is better to collect one .
~ Augustine Birrell , Obiter Dicta , " Book Buying "
I 'd like my favourite books to bind
So that their outward dress
To every bibliomaniac 's mind
Their contents should express .
Napoleon 's life should glare in red ,
John Calvin 's life in blue ;
Thus they would typify bloodshed
And sour religion 's hue ...
~ Irving Browne ( 1835 –1899 ) , " How a Bibliomaniac Binds His Books "
That 's my book you 're reading !
It is said that Abraham Lincoln once walked through a blizzard to return a borrowed book .
You wo n't even walk across the room !
I should have loaned my book to Abraham Lincoln !
~ Charles M. Schulz , Peanuts , 1970 [ Linus — tg ]
That afternoon , after closing the shop , my father suggested that we stroll along to the Els Quatre Gats , a café on Calle Montsió , where Barceló and his bibliophile knights of the round table gathered to discuss the finer points of decadent poets , dead languages , and neglected , moth - ridden masterpieces .
~ Carlos Ruiz Zafón , The Shadow of the Wind , 2001 , translated from Spanish by Lucia Graves , 2004
Sometimes , you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal , and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book .
And then there are books ... which you can't tell people about , books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like a betrayal .
It was n't even that the book was so good or anything ; it was just that the author ... seemed to understand me in weird and impossible ways .
~ John Green , The Fault in Our Stars , 2012 [ The omitted words in this quotation refer to a fictitious book and author —
An Imperial Affliction by Peter Van Houten — the title of which is taken from an Emily Dickinson poem " There 's a certain slant of light ... "
According to Green , if you want to " read " the imaginary book , read Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace and The Blood of the Lamb by Peter De Vries and then try to blend the feeling of those two books .
Per Emiko Hastings , imaginary books — those which exist only within other books — date back to at least the 1530s .
Read more here .
— tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
Catalogues of imaginary libraries are an obscure but fruitful area of collecting .
The tradition of imaginary books , which exist only within other books , goes back at least to Rabelais , who invented a list of book titles for the Abbey of Saint - Victor in Gargantua and Pantagruel ( c. 1532 ) .
~ Emi Hastings , " Catalogues of Imaginary Libraries , " 2014
To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting .
~ Edmund Burke
The art of reading is in great part that of acquiring a better understanding of life from one 's encounter with it in a book .
~ André Maurois
A house without books is like a room without windows .
~ Heinrich Mann
From my point of view , a book is a literary prescription put up for the benefit of someone who needs it .
~ S.M. Crothers
He fed his spirit with the bread of books .
~ Edwin Markham
Books are more than doctors , of course .
Some novels are loving , lifelong companions ; some give you a clip around the ear ; others are friends who wrap you in warm towels when you 've got those autumn blues .
And some … well , some are pink candy floss that tingles in your brain for three seconds and leaves a blissful void .
Like a short , torrid love affair .
~ Nina George , The Little Paris Bookshop , 2013 , translated by Simon Pare , 2015
Antique well - loved books ,
bookworm angel nooks ;
Pages curled and dusty ,
old authors most trusty ;
Clever , timeless Shakespeare
flanking poets of yesteryear .
~ Terri Guillemets , " Heaven 's Library , " 2007
Through all of my youth these books were my companions , and now , as I write these lines , after sixty years , they still look down upon me with their old friendliness .
~ James L. Whitney , " Reminiscences of an Old Librarian , " November 1909
Bread of flour is good ; but there is bread , sweet as honey , if we would eat it , in a good book .
~ John Ruskin
One gift the Fairies gave me : ( Three
They commonly bestowed of yore )
The Love of Books , the Golden Key
That opens the Enchanted Door ...
~ Andrew Lang ( 1844–1912 ) , " Ballade of the Bookworm " [ Lang was a lifelong collector of folklore and fairy tales .
" The Books I loved , I love them still ! " — tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
One can not celebrate books sufficiently .
After saying his best , still something better remains to be spoken in their praise .
~ A. Bronson Alcott , " Books , " June 1869
Judith stood before her little library in the dark November dawn , with a candle in her hand , scanning the familiar titles with weary eyes .... these last few days she had taken to waking at dawn , to lying for hours wide - eyed in her little white bed , while the slow day grew .
But to ‑day it was intolerable , she could bear it no longer ....
She would try a book ; not a very hopeful remedy in her own opinion , but one which [ those ] who were troubled by sleeplessness , regarded , she knew , as the best thing under the circumstances .
~ Amy Levy ( 1861 –1889 ) , Reuben Sachs : A Sketch , 1888
Most books , like their authors , are born to die ; of only a few books can it be said that death hath no dominion over them ; they live , and their influence lives forever .
~J. Swartz
He led , at this season , the most home - keeping , book - buying life , and Old French texts made his evenings dear to him .
~ Henry James , " James Russell Lowell , " in The Atlantic Monthly , January 1892
A book is a garden , an orchard , a storehouse , a party , a company by the way , a counsellor , a multitude of counsellors .
~ Henry Ward Beecher
Who gave their lives for these can know no death .
For I have walked with them in mortal guise
Through woodland ways and swarming city streets ;
Yea , have I met the gaze of Shelley 's eyes ,
And in ' Hyperion ' kissed the lips of Keats .
~ Charles Washington Coleman ( 1862–1932 ) , " Of My Books , " c.1893
I consider as lovers of books not those who keep their books hidden in their store - chests and never handle them , but those who , by nightly as well as daily use thumb them , batter them , wear them out , who fill out all the margins with annotations of many kinds , and who prefer the marks of a fault they have erased to a neat copy full of faults .
~ Desiderius Erasmus
There is reading , and there is reading .
Reading as a means to an end , for information , to cultivate oneself ; reading as an end in itself , a process , a compulsion .
~ Sven Birkerts ( b.1951 ) , " Notes from a Confession , " The Agni Review , No. 22 ( 1985 )
Having your book turned into a movie is like seeing your oxen turned into bouillon cubes .
~ John LeCarre
Never judge a book by its movie .
~ J.W. Eagan
Titles of Books .
—Decoys to catch purchasers .
~ Paul Chatfield
Nicole :
When you were younger did you enjoy school ?
Lemony Snicket : Sometimes .
When it was time to read A Midsummer Night 's Dream , I enjoyed it .
When it was time to run around playing kickball , I wanted to sit and read A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
~ From a live Facebook chat hosted by Scholastic Reading Club , 2013 January 16th
The study had two leather reading chairs and dark - stained oak bookcases that lined three walls .
Frank would dearly have loved to sit down with a stack of books ; but the chairs were occupied , and his own parents and Emma had made it clear to him that reading at parties was not done .
He decided he had best return to the hall , out of the way of temptation .
~ Ray Smith , The Man Who Loved Jane Austen , 1999 [ a little altered –tg ]
Man 's greatest friend is a good book .
~ Francis Edward Faragoh , Chasing Yesterday , 1935 film based on Le Crime de Sylvestre Bonnard by Anatole France , 1881 [ Spoken by the character Coccoz , a door - to - door book salesman .
— tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
Old books are leather - bound ghosts .
~ Terri Guillemets
Your shadow ,
left on the pages
of every book you read .
~ Dr. SunWolf , professorsunwolf.com
I was raised among books , making invisible friends in pages that seemed cast from dust and whose smell I carry on my hands to this day .
~ Carlos Ruiz Zafón , The Shadow of the Wind , 2001 , translated from Spanish by Lucia Graves , 2004
Bookshops are the most charming of all shops because they relate themselves so intimately to their visitors .
Mr. Rowlandson's had stairs worn by the footfalls of four generations of book - hunters .
Against the background of his overflowing shelves , with his old - fashioned clothes , his stooping shoulders , his iron - gray hair , and his firm , tender , and melancholy face , — you will never visit his shop without wishing to frame him as he stands , and set him in the window , among the other rare old prints .
Not that all the books in his shop are old ; the moderns are there , too .
But these newer books are the minority .
The composed , brown calf bindings give the shop its tone , — and its faint odor , too ; a cultivated taste , the liking for that odor of old books .
~ Munson Havens , Old Valentines : A Love Story , 1914 [ a little altered — tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
A Full and True Account , of the Battle Fought last Friday , between the Ancient and the Modern Books in St. James 's Library ~ Jonathan Swift [ Yes , this is just the title of a 1697 work by Swift .
But it 's so clever in and of itself I had to quote it .
Also a reminder to myself to go back later and actually read the thing , which is about a controversy during that time arguing whether ancient or modern learning was better .
— tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
The literary man must needs be a thinking one , and every day he lives he becomes wiser — if wiser , then better — if better , then happier .
~ Charles Lanman , " Thoughts on Literature , " 1840
I cannot begin to tell you what the love of reading will do for your children .
It will open doors of curiosity .
It will titillate their desire to see places they thought were make - believe .
It softens loneliness , fills the gaps of boredom , creates role models and changes the course of their very lives .
~ Erma Bombeck & Billings S. Fuess , Jr. , " How to encourage your child to read , " 1984 , from Power of the Printed Word advertising campaign by Ogilvy & Mather for International Paper Company
Far more seemly were it for thee to have thy study full of books , than thy purse full of money .
~ John Lyly
At times , I feel like a remnant of Victoriana , living in a time warp ... if I were living a hundred years ago , I would have it made !
I often wonder if the stories of Andersen and Grahame and Milne were submitted today , would they be accepted ?
Would they be considered too harsh or demanding of their young readers ?
They did not compromise with reality .
They did not condescend .
They used big words .
They made no fuss over death .
And their teddy bears and badgers and brave tin soldiers talked !
I am at home and comfortable with them .
~ Ethel Pochocki ( 1925 –2010 ) , quoted in Something about the Author , Volume 76 , edited by Diane Telgen , 1994
The wise man reads both books and life itself .
~ Lin Yutang
I often derive a peculiar satisfaction in conversing with the ancient and modern dead , — who yet live and speak excellently in their works .
My neighbors think me often alone , — and yet at such times I am in company with more than five hundred mutes — each of whom , at my pleasure , communicates his ideas to me by dumb signs — quite as intelligently as any person living can do by uttering of words .
~ Laurence Sterne
You may have tangible wealth untold ;
Caskets of jewels and coffers of gold .
Richer than I you can never be -
I had a mother who read to me .
~ Strickland Gillilan ( Thanks , Laurel )
There she was , sitting up in bed again , surrounded by volumes of poetry with poetic images printed on them : rows of daisies , bolts of lightning , streams of musical notes , parades of bugs , fences made out of bloody daggers , and a lot of books with appealing titles like Oblivion and Morosity and The Collected Poems of Ella Wheeler Wilcox .
~ Gregory Maguire , What - the - Dickens : The Story of a Rogue Tooth Fairy , 2007
I love all bookstores .
Chains , independents , big , small .
Once you walk into a bookstore , time stands still .
~ Alec Baldwin , 2015
Emmy read all sorts of pretty books , every word of which I eagerly listened to , and felt so much interested , and so delighted , and so anxious and curious to hear more .
She read pretty stories of little boys and girls , and affectionate mammas and aunts , and kind old nurses , and birds in the fields and woods , and flowers in the gardens and hedges ; and then such beautiful fairy tales ; and also pretty stories in verse , all of which gave me great pleasure , and were indeed my earliest education .
~ Richard Hengist Horne , Memoirs of a London Doll , Written by Herself , 1846 [ It was common for female authors to publish under male pseudonyms or initials , but here 's a case of a man publishing under a woman 's nom de plume : Mrs. Fairstar .
— tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
When a new book is published , read an old one .
~ Samuel Rogers
If you plant a book deep enough in the soil it will come back every spring .
Draughts can not kill it .
Nor frosts .
Nor overhot suns .
Nor overcold snows ....
It is alive ?
Does its nerve tingle when you touch it ?
Does it still answer you back life for life ?
Here is a book ... made five hundred years before we commenced our Christian total of years .
Is it a corpse ?
No .
It still has red in its cheeks .
Its eyes sparkle .
Its handclasp is warm ....
You do not need to set back the clock to get contemporary with it ....
It takes me back and forward with equal ease .
Time has nothing to do with [ it ] .
It has bettered all the challenges of time .
It has neither age nor youth .
It has life .
~ Horace Traubel ( 1858 –1919 ) , review of the Chinese historical classic The Shu King , translated from the ancient text with a commentary by Walter Gorn Old , in The Conservator , March 1905
When a new experience roots us up we can get replanted through a book ...
~ Althea Warren ( 1886–1958 )
In the shop we buy and sell them , but in truth books have no owner .
~ Carlos Ruiz Zafón , The Shadow of the Wind , 2001 , translated from Spanish by Lucia Graves , 2004
[ W]e may begin with a class of literary barnacles who stick about the libraries of their friends and of the public institutions , and feed their bibliophilistic appetites on what others have spent much time and money in collecting .
These may perhaps more appropriately be called biblio - spongers ...
~ Henry H. Harper , Book - Lovers , Bibliomaniacs and Book Clubs , 1904
Borrowers of books — those mutilators of collections , spoilers of the symmetry of shelves , and creators of odd volumes .
~ Charles Lamb , Essays of Elia , " The Two Races of Men , " 1822
He who lends a book is an idiot .
He who returns the book is more of an idiot .
~ Arabic proverb
A precious – mouldering pleasure – ' tis –
To meet an Antique Book –
In just the Dress his Century wore –
A privilege – I think –
His venerable Hand to take –
And warming in our own –
A passage back – or two – to make –
To Times when he – was young ...
His presence is enchantment –
You beg him not to go –
Old Volumes shake their Vellum Heads
And tantalize – just so –
~ Emily Dickinson , 1863
The brown book in his hand was his beloved Malory .
He had not yet grown tired of its pages , nor had they lost their magic .
They wore a halo , as they must do for natures like Antony's , which is a grail in itself .
Is it not true that the realism of yesterday becomes the idealism of today ?
~ Florence Bone ( 1875 –1971 ) , The Morning of To ‑Day , 1907
The mere brute pleasure of reading — the sort of pleasure a cow must have in grazing .
~ Lord Chesterfield
The more that you read ,
the more things you will know .
The more that you learn ,
the more places you 'll go .
~ Dr. Seuss , I Can Read with My Eyes Shut ! , 1978
An ordinary man can ... surround himself with two thousand books ... and thenceforward have at least one place in the world in which it is possible to be happy .
~ Augustine Birrell
I love my love with an F because she gave me my copy of Arthur Davison Ficke 's " Sonnets of a Portrait Painter " ( which another wise friend , incognito , has since borrowed , forever , I fear ) .
I love my love with an M because through all one year in riding to work and back together , we carried Edna St. Vincent Millay 's " Fatal Interview " in the automobile , and learned twenty - seven of the sonnets by heart .
( A traffic stop is just time enough to say a sonnet if you really know it well . )
I love my love with a B and an F because in our teens we stayed all night at each other 's house on alternate Saturdays and read aloud until four in the morning Brontë 's " Jane Eyre " and Jessie Fothergill 's " First Violin " ( but not without weeping ) !
And so on through more than an alphabet of that sisterhood of printers ' ink who to this day write book recommendations in the postscripts of their letters or on the backs of the envelopes .
~ Althea H. Warren , 1935 [ a little altered –tg ]
Brick , I got your favorites — books and waffles .
~ The Middle , " A Birthday Story , " 2010 , written by Vijal Patel [ S2 , E7 , Frankie ]
Books , too , begin like the week — with a day of rest in memory of their creation .
The preface is their Sunday .
~ Walter Benjamin
Books — the best antidote against the marsh - gas of boredom and vacuity .
~ George Steiner
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar .
But a book is never just a book .
~ The Old Sage Bookshop in Prescott , Arizona
We are too civil to books .
For a few golden sentences we will turn over and actually read a volume of four or five hundred pages .
~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
... the peaceful seclusion , and the almost sacred leisure ...
~ Frances Milton Trollope ( 1780 –1863 ) , Mrs. Mathews ; or , Family Mysteries , 1851 [ In a room full of books .
Note : Some sources cite Mrs Trollope 's year of birth as 1779 .
— tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
From every book invisible threads reach out to other books ; and as the mind comes to use and control those threads the whole panorama of the world 's life , past and present , becomes constantly more varied and interesting , while at the same time the mind 's own powers of reflection and judgment are exercised and strengthened .
~ Helen E. Haines
The cricket is a small , black , ambulatory noise surrounded by a sentimental aura .
On occasion it lives in the open fields , but its favorite habitat is behind a couch or under a bookcase in a room where somebody is trying to read .
~ Hal Borland
To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life .
~ W. Somerset Maugham
No matter what his rank or position may be , the lover of books is the richest and happiest of the children of men .
~ John Alfred Langford
Speed reading ?
Why would anyone give up the pleasure of letting the writer set the pace ?
Of using one 's ears to adjust to a new voice ?...
This sort of reading does away with the writer , and is probably best used on textbooks which eliminate the write from the start .
If you must read everything at the same speed , why not choose to read slowly ?... slowly enough to let the words reverberate , to draw the imagination to them .
~ William Corbett , " On Reading : Notes & a Poem , " The Agni Review , No. 22 ( 1985 )
I like books that glow in their own literary light — on a dark shelf , surrounded by a cloud of glistering stardust .
~ Terri Guillemets
How vast an estate it is that we came into as the intellectual heirs of all the watchers and searchers and thinkers and singers of the generations that are dead !
What a heritage of stored wealth !
What perishing poverty of mind we should be left in without it !
~J.N. Larned
Books are a uniquely portable magic .
~ Stephen King
Which shines brighter — the candle or the book ?
~ Terri Guillemets , " Night reading , " 1989
There is also that kind of reading which is just looking at books .
From time to time — I can't say what dictates the impulse — I pull a chair up in front of a section of my library .
An expectant tranquility settles over me .
I move my eyes slowly , reading the spines , or identifying the title by its color and positioning .
Just to see my books , to note their presence , their proximity to other books , fills me with a sense of futurity .
" Books , " I once noted grandly , " embody the spirit 's dream of perpetual youth . "
What is important at these moments is not the contents of the books , but the idea of their existence .
I have not read every one , nor is it likely that I will — but to know that I might !
~ Sven Birkerts , " Notes from a Confession , " The Agni Review , No. 22 ( 1985 )
My oft - despondent heart rejoices ;
I hear again long - silent voices .
~ T.J. Chapman , " My Books , " c.1889
That is a good book which is opened with expectation and closed with profit .
~ Amos Bronson Alcott
Books are the watering cans of our minds .
~ Terri Guillemets
Knowledge is of two kinds .
We know a subject ourselves , or we know where we can find information upon it .
When we inquire into any subject , the first thing we have to do is to know what books have treated of it .
This leads us to look at catalogues , and the backs of books in libraries .
~ Samuel Johnson , 1775 , quoted by James Boswell in The Life of Samuel Johnson [ Sometimes paraphrased , since the early 1900s , as " The next best thing to knowing something is knowing where to find it . " — tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
I 'm a bookaholic on the road to recovery .
Ha , not really .
I 'm on the road to the bookstore .
~ Author unknown
Let 's get drunk at the library
and have a book party !
" What a good time ! " she said
in an excited whisper .
~ Terri Guillemets , " Book party ! , " 2019 , scrambled blackout poetry created from F. Scott Fitzgerald , The Great Gatsby , 1925 , pages 43–45
And then sometimes a sudden chill doth strike
My heart with very horror , and I shrink
Away from their dull touch , shudd 'ring to think
How much of human life that , vampire - like ,
These books have sucked beneath their leathern wings ,
How brains have broken and frail bodies bent
To feed with human blood these bloodless things ...
~ Charles Washington Coleman ( 1862–1932 ) , " Of My Books , " c.1893
Books minister to our pain , our curiosity and wonder , our needs , our loneliness , our souls .
~ Terri Guillemets
The multitude of books is making us ignorant .
~ Voltaire
The ardor of possessing books , commonly called bibliomania , also styled bibliophilism and " biblio " — whatever else that has suggested itself to the fruitful imaginations of dozens of felicitous writers upon the subject , —is described by Dibdin as a " disease which grows with our growth , and strengthens with our strength . " ⁂
It should be remembered , however , that one possessing a fondness for books is not necessarily a bibliomaniac .
There is as much difference between the inclinations and taste of a bibliophile and a bibliomaniac as between a slight cold and the advanced stages of consumption .
Some one has said that " to call a bibliophile a bibliomaniac is to conduct a lover , languishing for his maiden 's smile , to an asylum for the demented , and to shut him up in the ward for the incurables . "
A bibliomaniac might properly be called an insane or crazy bibliophile .
It is , however , a harmless insanity .
~ Henry H. Harper , Book - Lovers , Bibliomaniacs and Book Clubs , 1904
What wild desires , what restless torments seize
The hapless man , who feels the book - disease ...
~ John Ferriar , " The Bibliomania , An Epistle , To Richard Heber , Esq. " , 1809
Read Edgar Allan
Poe with me in an abandoned cemetery on a fog - laden day with the sound of ravens in the distance , or do n't tell me you 're " down for a good time " .
~ Keith Wynn , @moon_descending , tweet , 2020
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book .
Books are well written , or badly written .
That is all .
~ Oscar Wilde , Preface to Dorian Gray , 1890
UNBOOKISH , a. —
Not addicted to books or reading .
~ Noah Webster , A Dictionary of the English Language , 1828
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body .
~ Richard Steele , Tatler , 1710
I do not sell reefers to my young customers , but I do something almost as reprehensible — I keep " series " books on my shelves .
These are books , for example , the Hardy Boys or Nancy Drew , today 's equivalents to all the admirable , if two - dimensional , characters who gladdened our youth .
They 're on the public library informal Index Expurgatorius , and most teachers want their students to read only novels and classics — not such childhood classics as the Bobbsey Twins .
The usual objection is that such books are unrealistic , and this is quite true .
The heroes are all incredibly upright , forthright , downright , and outright , and the baddies are so bad you can hardly stand it .
But if a book can keep one boy or girl off a street corner for an evening , it has served its purpose .
I know a good many parents who can't do as much .
Once on an experiment , I filled two shelves of a classroom bookcase with comic books and two shelves with fiction .
It made quite a contrast — the fresh , colorful folders beside the worn re-bound old books .
The incredible monsters and heroes were the obvious favorites , but in the stretch they faded ; the old beat - up books won .
All the hyperthyroid whoop - de - do seemed to pall after a while .
I 'm willing to let my library patrons work up to the classics , starting wherever they want to — even with series books , loathed as they are by most librarians .
~ Gerald Raftery , " I Like Horatio Alger ! , " in The New York Herald Tribune , 1959 December 13th [ a little altered –tg ]
No doubt most of you think biography dull reading .
You would much rather sit down with a good story .
But have you ever thought what a story is ?
It is nothing but a bit of make - believe biography .
~ Burton E. Stevenson , A Guide to Biography for Young Readers : American — Men of Action , " Chapter I : A Talk about Biography , " 1909
Encourage and pursue an inclination to reading early in life ; it is laying up a treasure for the latter part of it ...
~ Countess Dowager of Carlisle , Thoughts in the Form of Maxims addressed to Young Ladies , on their First Establishment in the World , 1790 [ Isabella Howard ( 1721 –1795 ) — tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
This is a place of mystery , Daniel , a sanctuary .
Every book , every volume you see here , has a soul .
The soul of the person who wrote it and of those who read it and lived and dreamed with it .
Every time a book changes hands , every time someone runs his eyes down its pages , its spirit grows and strengthens .
~ Carlos Ruiz Zafón , The Shadow of the Wind , 2001 , translated from Spanish by Lucia Graves , 2004
She found herself positively quizzing her own monomania upon the subject of buying books and peeping at the titles of the great miscellaneous ill - arranged mass of books , the multitude of dusky - looking old tomes with a copious sprinkling of fresh - looking new ones , that in one way or another seemed to occupy every part of the room .
~ Frances Milton Trollope ( 1780 –1863 ) , Mrs. Mathews ; or , Family Mysteries , 1851 [ A little altered .
Some sources cite Mrs Trollope 's year of birth as 1779 .
— tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
What the candystore was to other kids , the bookstore was to me .
The library was my vacation .
~ Terri Guillemets , " Young bookworm , " 1998
The best of a book is not the thought which it contains , but the thought which it suggests ; just as the charm of music dwells not in the tones but in the echoes of our hearts .
~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
Nothing is more beautiful than a beautiful book .
~ Joseph Joubert ( 1754 –1824 ) , translated from French by George H. Calvert , 1866
The lover may rave of his ruddy - cheeked lass ,
The sailor may sing of the sea ;
And topers may tell of the charms of the glass ,
But Books have more beauty for me .
A book is a treasure more precious than gold ;
An heirloom bequeathed to mankind ;
A casket of wisdom in which we behold
The kingliest gems of the mind .
~ Alfred C. Brant , " The Bibliophile , " c. 1880
One to whom books are as strangers has not yet learned to live .
He is a solitary , though he dwell amid a vast population .
On the other hand , he to whom books are as friends possesses a Key to the Garden of Delights , where the purest pleasures are open for his entertainment , and where he has for his companions the master minds of all the ages .
~ Charles Noel Douglas , " Introduction , " Forty Thousand Quotations : Prose and Poetical
My imagination does n't require anything more of the book than to provide a framework within which it can wander .
~ Alphonse Daudet
In youngsters ' scale of values , paperback books have blurred the distinction between magazines which are expendable and books which are n't .
~ Gerald Raftery , " Why Kids Steal Books , " in Library Journal , 1959 [ a little altered –tg ]
Once , in my father 's bookshop , I heard a regular customer say that few things leave a deeper mark on a reader than the first book that finds its way into his heart .
~ Carlos Ruiz Zafón , The Shadow of the Wind , 2001 , translated from Spanish by Lucia Graves , 2004
Books light the world , like Rosicrucian lamps
Lit by the Masters , burning through all time —
The magic of great souls in prose and rhyme
Untouched by wasting days and earthly damps .
Books are a joy : I love to see a shelf
Of such mind - treasure ; but when all is writ ,
Books are but books , for all their charm and wit .
For what 's a tale of love to love itself ?
What song of love can e'er be half so sweet
As happiness of lovers when they meet ?
I think that Shakespeare would have given thrice his glory
To have been sole hero of one woman 's story .
Been more than willing with poet - crown to part
To reign throned monarch in one woman 's heart .
~C. Allen Clarke ( 1863 –1935 ) , " Books are But Books , " Windmill Land , 1932
The alluring influences of bibliophilism , or book - loving , have silently crept into thousands of homes , whether beautiful or humble ; for the library is properly regarded as one of the most important features of home as well as mental equipment .
~ Henry H. Harper , Book - Lovers , Bibliomaniacs and Book Clubs , 1904
Books have to be read ( worse luck it takes so long a time ) .
It is the only way of discovering what they contain .
A few savage tribes eat them , but reading is the only method of assimilation revealed to the West .
~E.M. Forster
Books are a hard - bound drug with no danger of an overdose .
I am the happy victim of books .
~ Karl Lagerfeld
No other decoration is needed in a room lined with books ...
Their varied colors make a design as rich as an Oriental rug .
~ Althea Warren ( 1886–1958 ) , " The Satisfactions of Librarianship , " a talk given at a staff meeting of the Los Angeles County Public Library , 1947 March 12th
Except a living man there is nothing more wonderful than a book !
A message to us from the dead , — from human souls whom we never saw , who lived perhaps thousands of miles away ; and yet these , on those little sheets of paper , speak to us , teach us , comfort us , open their hearts to us as brothers .
~ Charles Kingsley
Book ink is blood - drops of author - heart .
~ Terri Guillemets
Let your bookcases and your shelves be your gardens and your pleasure - grounds .
Pluck the fruit that grows therein , gather the roses , the spices , and the myrrh .
~ Judah Ibn Tibbon
I like to party , and by party I mean a slumber party for one with plenty of books to read .
~ WritersWrite.co.za
One of the joys of reading is the ability to plug into the shared wisdom of mankind .
~ Ishmael Reed , Writin ' is Fightin ' : Thirty - Seven Years of Boxing on Paper , p.186
Old or new , the only sign I always try to rid my books of ( usually with little success ) is the price - sticker that malignant booksellers attach to the backs .
These evil white scabs rip off with difficulty , leaving leprous wounds and traces of slime to which adhere the dust and fluff of ages , making me wish for a special gummy hell to which the inventor of these stickers would be condemned .
~ Alberto Manguel , The Library at Night
The publishers are wholeheartedly cooperating in the effort to conserve vital materials and manpower by manufacturing this book in full conformity with War Production Board Ruling L - 245 , curtailing the use of paper by book publishers , and all other United States Government regulations .
This has been accomplished without abbreviating the book in any way .
It is absolutely complete and unabridged .
Not a word , not a paragraph , not a comma has been omitted .
~ Note in Elbert Hubbard 's Scrap Book : Containing the Inspired and Inspiring Selections Gathered During a Life Time of Discriminating Reading for His Own Use , copyright 1923 by The Roycrofters , printed by the American Book - Stratford Press at their shops in New York City , Wm. H. Wise & Co .
The title of a book fills the place of the face in a human being .
~ Gustav Boehm , " A Discourse on Title Page Composition , " in The Inland Printer ( Chicago ) , March 1886
Numerous as was her queer and miscellaneous collection of books , she perceived , as she looked around her with a business - like and scrutinising eye , that there was still room for many hundreds more ; nay , as her fancy luxuriated in the conscious power of acquisition , she began to meditate on the possibility of adding to her space by a bold inroad on a laundry , to which , though now approached by a different staircase , access might be obtained by means of knocking down an old wall ...
~ Frances Milton Trollope ( 1780 –1863 ) , Mrs. Mathews ; or , Family Mysteries , 1851 [ My dream too , a bookish remodel !
Note : Some sources cite Mrs Trollope 's year of birth as 1779 .
— tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
Reading is departure and arrival .
~ Terri Guillemets
As a child I read books which were inappropriate .
Naturally they contained words I had to look up .
Later in life I became quite addicted to the Oxford English Dictionary .
~ Lemony Snicket , answer to Caitlin , " How did you come by such an astonishing vocabulary ?
Some of my favorite words are thanks to your writing , " during a live Facebook chat hosted by Scholastic Reading Club , 2013 January 16th
There are four thousand books on those overweighted shelves ; all sorts and conditions of books ; big folios and little duodecimos , ragged books and books clothed by Rivière and Bedford .
~ Munson Havens , Old Valentines : A Love Story , 1914
Books that get burned are written by authors whose souls are on fire with passion or knowledge .
~ Terri Guillemets
The truest owner of a library is he who has bought each book for the love he bears to it ; who is happy and content to say , " Here are my jewels , my choicest possessions ! "
~ Frank Carr
I never studied any particular writer , but have always read simply what pleased me , and remembered whatever impressed itself on my memory as it were without any help of mine , or at any rate apart from any set purpose .
~ Georg Christoph Lichtenberg ( 1742–1799 ) , translated by Norman Alliston , 1908
Some books are to be tasted , others to be swallowed , and some few to be chewed and digested .
~ Francis Bacon
My second librarian position was in the vast brick buildings of Sears , Roebuck and Company , in 1911 ...
No barriers limited what books we might give .
One afternoon a note arrived by the pneumatic tube from a bubbling Irish girl in the bookkeeping division of the Grocery Department .
" It 's very slow here on this rainy day .
Please send me one of those novels you have had to withdraw from circulation as unfit for a lady to read . "
Next day she returned the book , discretely wrapped , with this message .
" Blessings upon you !
You are quite right .
This is not fit for anybody to read .
Please send another just like it . "
~ Althea Warren ( 1886–1958 ) , in The Library Bulletin , 1945
Books are a refuge , a sort of cloistral refuge , from the vulgarities of the actual world .
~ Walter Pater
Clutch some hope from fear — read banned books .
~ Terri Guillemets
There 's Byron on my shelf , and Shelley too ;
There 's dear old Doctor Holmes , and Thomas Moore ,
With Wordsworth just below him , bound in blue ,
And Browning 's works stand over by the door .
There 's Milton , Scott , Macaulay 's Lays of Rome ;
There 's Tennyson and Matthew Arnold terse ;
Longfellow , Shakespeare , and Rossetti's tome ;
The odes of Horace and blest Omar 's verse .
So vast these riches are in my poor eyes ,
I can't decide which poet on my shelf
I 'll read to - night , and so I 'll compromise
And read these " Rhymes " in full calf by myself .
~ John Kendrick Bangs ( 1862 –1922 ) , " An Alternative "
It was a small 'ish bookstore .
Yet is not any bookstore large to a bibliophile 's heart ?
~ Terri Guillemets
Sit bona librorum copia .
~ Horace ( There are plenty of good books .
Let me have a good supply of books . )
I am unpacking my library ....
The books are not yet on the shelves , not yet touched by the mild boredom of order .
I cannot march up and down their ranks to pass them in review before a friendly audience .
You need not fear any of that .
Instead , I must ask you to join me in the disorder of crates that have been wrenched open , the air saturated with the dust of wood , the floor covered with torn paper , to join me among piles of volumes that are seeing daylight again after two years of darkness , so that you may be ready to share with me a bit of the mood — it is certainly not an elegiac mood but , rather , one of anticipation — which these books arouse in a genuine collector .
~ Walter Benjamin
No person who can read is ever successful at cleaning out an attic .
~ Ann Landers
I love
the smell of vintage words ,
the taste of authors ' souls ,
the feel of books a thousand times read ,
the sight of worn spines in line on a shelf ,
the haunting sound and inked - mind silence of
reading alone .
~ Terri Guillemets
If the book is second - hand , I leave all its markings intact , the spoor of previous readers , fellow - travellers who have recorded their passage by means of scribbled comments , a name on the fly - leaf , a bus ticket to mark a certain page .
~ Alberto Manguel , The Library at Night
Oscar Wilde said that a book earmarked is art , — reading art .
~ Terri Guillemets , " The art of reading , " 2019 , blackout poetry created from Louise Penny , Still Life , 2005 , pages 145–149
That place that does contain
My books , the best companions , is to me
A glorious court , where hourly I converse
With the old sages and philosophers ;
And sometimes , for variety , I confer
With kings and emperors , and weigh their counsels ;
Calling their victories , if unjustly got ,
Unto a strict account , and , in my fancy ,
Deface their ill - placed statues .
~ Francis Beaumont and John Fletcher
There are books in which the footnotes , or the comments scrawled by some reader 's hand in the margin , are more interesting than the text .
~ George Santayana , " Imagination "
You can't get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me .
~C.S. Lewis , quoted by Walter Hooper
As a librarian , I find that one of youth 's most popular bookmarks is a popsicle stick , but this is usually licked dry and sanitary first .
I am inclined to believe , however , that this is not invariably done from motives of cleanliness .
~ Gerald Raftery , " Ambrosia — with Mayonnaise Yet ! , " in The New York Herald Tribune , 1961 September 10th
Books light the world — to burn them extinguishes the flame .
~ Terri Guillemets
A health to books !...
Your goblets all refill ;
When all things mortal are decayed
May books be with us still !
~ Cyril M. Drew
A truly good book teaches me better than to read it .
I must soon lay it down , and commence living on its hint ....
What I began by reading , I must finish by acting .
~ Henry David Thoreau
Librarians
Dewey it better .
~ As seen on a bumper sticker , 2005
Book lovers are better under the covers .
~ Terri Guillemets , " Smart Girls , " 2008
To read a book for the first time is to make an acquaintance with a new friend ; to read it for a second time is to meet an old one .
~ Chinese Saying
O for a Booke and a shadie nooke , eyther in - a - doore or out ;
With the grene leaves whisp 'ring overhede , or the Streete cryes all about .
Where I maie Reade all at my ease , both of the Newe and Olde ;
For a jollie goode Booke whereon to looke is better to me than Golde .
~ John Wilson
Never lend books , for no one ever returns them ; the only books I have in my library are books that other folks have lent me .
~ Anatole France
I need fiction .
I 'm an addict .
This is not a figure of speech ....
Colonies of prose have formed in the bathroom and in the dimness of the upstairs landing , so that I do n't go without text even in the leftover spaces of the house where I spend least time .
~ Francis Spufford ( b.1964 ) , " Confessions of an English Fiction Eater , " The Child That Books Built : A Life in Reading , 2002
A man may as well expect to grow stronger by always eating as wiser by always reading .
~ Jeremy Collier
Books are immortal sons deifying their sires .
~ Plato
No entertainment is so cheap as reading , nor any pleasure so lasting .
~ Mary Wortley Montagu
[ W] omen are great readers , they are really very fond of books , have fine literary perception , good judgment and a keen sense of character ; but , alas , they cannot bring themselves to regard books as anything more than a mere part and parcel of the universe — not the universe itself , as the true book lover regards them .
~" Ben : Bookman 's Budget , " The Book Lover , published by William Evarts Benjamin , December 1889 [ Yah , come say that to my face , Ben ! — tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
In the charming romance , " Realmah , " the noble African prince prescribes monogamy to his subjects , but he allows himself three wives — a State wife to sit by his side on the throne ; a Household wife to rule the kitchen and homely affairs ; and a Love - wife to be cherished in his heart and bear him children .
Why would it not be fair to the Book - Worm to concede him a Book - wife , who should understand and sympathize with him in his eccentricity , and who should care more for rare and beautiful books than for diamonds , laces , Easter bonnets and ten- button gloves ?...
A woman who has a true and wise sympathy with her husband 's book - buying is an adored object .
~ Irving Browne , " Women as Collectors , " In the Track of the Bookworm : Thoughts , Fancies , and Gentle Gibes on Collecting and Collectors , by One of Them , 1897 [ a little altered — tεᖇᖇ¡·g ]
Romance novels :
All of the passion , none of the herpes .
~ Internet meme , c.2016
A book , a book ,
and another book —
my real friends , because
I can't stand people .
~ Terri Guillemets , " I ¾ Jest , " 2019 , blackout poetry created from Ouida Sebestyen , Words by Heart ( a condensation of the novel ) , in Reader 's Digest Condensed Books : Volume 4 – 1979 , page 323
I would never read a book if it were possible for me to talk half an hour with the man who wrote it .
~ Woodrow Wilson
Books , not which afford us a cowering enjoyment , but in which each thought is of unusual daring ; such as an idle man cannot read , and a timid one would not be entertained by , which even make us dangerous to existing institution — such call I good books .
~ Henry David Thoreau
It often requires more courage to read some books than it does to fight a battle .
~ Sutton Elbert Griggs
There are biblio - mercenaries of such sordid inclinations that they would readily part with almost any book in their possession , — even inscribed presentation copies !— if lightly tempted with money considerations .
Verily , these parsimonious traders would barter their own souls , if they possessed any value .
~ Henry H. Harper , Book - Lovers , Bibliomaniacs and Book Clubs , 1904
Many persons read and like fiction .
It does not tax the intelligence and the intelligence of most of us can so ill afford taxation that we rightly welcome any reading matter which avoids this .
~ Rose Macaulay
Browsing the dim back corner
Of a musty antique shop
An old book of poetry fell open
Gold - gilded dust filled the air
Angels flew out from the pages
I caught the whiff of a soul
The ink seemed fresh as today
Was that voices whispering ?
The tree of the paper still grows .
~ Terri Guillemets
There is nothing more comforting than a silent companion when one reads ...
~ Jane Elizabeth , For the Jane Bennets , 2012
But you said he drank .
Is it likely he has a taste for manuscripts ?
He 's almost sure to have had .
Most probably it was the manuscripts that drove him to drink .
They would , you know , unless he was exceptionally strong minded .
~ George A. Birmingham , Spanish Gold , 1908
[ F ] or decades it survived in the only way that forgotten books do survive : undisturbed in the stacks .
~ Michael Gorra , about a 1911 book titled The Henry James Year Book edited by Evelyn Garnaut Smalley , in the foreword to The Daily Henry James : A Year of Quotes from the Work of the Master , 2016
Americans like fat books and thin women .
~ Russell Baker
Books are tangible history .
~ Terri Guillemets
What holy cities are to nomadic tribes — a symbol of race and a bond of union — great books are to the wandering souls of men : they are the Meccas of the mind .
~G.E. Woodberry
God be thanked for books !
they are the voices of the distant and the dead , and make us heirs of the spiritual life of past ages .
~ W.E. Channing
A good book is always on tap ; it may be decanted and drunk a hundred times , and it is still there for further imbibement .
~ Holbrook Jackson
A blessed companion is a book , — a book that , fitly chosen , is a lifelong friend , ... a book that , at a touch , pours its heart into our own .
~ Douglas Jerrold
[ W] omen and books should be looked at daily .
~ Dutch Proverb
There is a feebler but still more irritating form of outrage upon books in public libraries , which consists in scrawling on the margins the vapid and frivolous criticisms or opinions of the reader , who often unconsciously gives evidence that he is incapable of appreciating what he reads .
~" The Sufferings and Death of Books , " Chambers 's Journal of Popular Literature , Science , and Art , 1890 August 30th
Reading — the best state yet to keep absolute loneliness at bay .
~ William Styron
[ R]eading time is still limited no matter how many commitments of work or friendship I am willing to ditch in favor of the pages .
~ Francis Spufford ( b.1964 ) , " Confessions of an English Fiction Eater , " The Child That Books Built : A Life in Reading , 2002
There are books from which one inhales an exquisite air .
~ Joseph Joubert ( 1754 –1824 ) , translated from French by George H. Calvert , 1866
A large , still book is a piece of quietness , succulent and nourishing in a noisy world , which I approach and imbibe with " a sort of greedy enjoyment , " as Marcel Proust said of those rooms of his old home whose air was " saturated with the bouquet of silence . "
~ Holbrook Jackson
" I can always tell when you 're reading somewhere in the house , " my mother used to say .
" There 's a special silence , a reading silence . "
~ Francis Spufford ( b.1964 ) , " Confessions of an English Fiction Eater , " The Child That Books Built : A Life in Reading , 2002
Ah , bare , small room that I have sorrowed in ;
Ay , and on sunny days , haply , rejoiced ;
We know some things together , you and I !
Hold there , you rangéd row of books !
In vain
You beckon from your shelf .
You 've stood my friends
Where all things else were foes ; yet now I 'll turn
My back upon you , even as the world
Turns it on me .
And yet — farewell , farewell !
You , lofty Shakespeare , with the tattered leaves
And fathomless great heart , your binding 's bruised
Yet did I love you less ?
Goethe , farewell ;
Farewell , triumphant smile and tragic eyes ,
And pitiless world - wisdom !
~ Amy Levy , " A Minor Poet , " c.1884
' Tis the good reader that makes the good book ; in every book he finds passages which seem confidences or asides hidden from all else and unmistakenly meant for his ear ; the profit of books is according to the sensibility of the reader ; the profoundest thought or passion sleeps as in a mine , until it is discovered by an equal mind and heart .
~ Ralph Waldo Emerson , Society and Solitude , 1870
Psychopathia librorum ....
I surround myself with the printed word .
~ Sven Birkerts ( b.1951 ) , " Notes from a Confession , " The Agni Review , No. 22 ( 1985 )
I do n't think we should read for instruction but to give our souls a chance to luxuriate .
Feelings come before intellect .
~ Henry Valentine Miller ( 1891 –1980 ) , letter to Brenda Venus , 1976
Reading well is one of the great pleasures that solitude can afford you .
~ Harold Bloom
One of the advantages of reading books is that you get to play with someone else 's imaginary friends , at all hours of the night .
~ Dr. SunWolf , professorsunwolf.com
The book of the moment often has immense vogue , while the book of the age , which comes in its company from the press , lies unnoticed ; but the great book has its revenge .
It lives to see its contemporary pushed up shelf by shelf until it finds its final resting - place in the garret or the auction room .
~ Hamilton Wright Mabie
The time to read is any time : no apparatus , no appointment of time and place , is necessary .
It is the only art which can be practised at any hour of the day or night , whenever the time and inclination comes , that is your time for reading ; in joy or sorrow , health or illness .
~ Holbrook Jackson
I knew a gentleman who was so good a manager of his time that he would not even lose that small portion of it which the calls of nature obliged him to pass in the necessary - house ; but gradually went through all the Latin poets in those moments .
~ Lord Chesterfield
Bookstores are emotional places both for their patrons and for the employees .
They are built on the sweat and tears of hardworking people , each bookshelf lined with the lifework of hundreds of artists .
Each of those books represent endless hours of grind and toil .
Often the bookstore owner and employees are also writers .
Is there a space with more fulfilled or unfulfilled dreams ?
~ Bob Eckstein , Introduction to Footnotes from the World 's Greatest Bookstores : True Tales and Lost Moments from Book Buyers , Booksellers , and Book Lovers , 2016
This nice and subtle happiness of reading , this joy not chilled by age , this polite and unpunished vice , this selfish , serene life - long intoxication .
~ Logan Pearsall Smith
The tedium of many a book is its salvation : the critic , after raising his javelin , falls asleep before he hurls it .
~ Marie Dubsky , Freifrau von Ebner - Eschenbach ( 1830 –1916 ) , translated by Mrs Annis Lee Wister , 1882
The ink of timeless books
transmutes in tinge and shade
from one century to another
but classic words never fade .
~ Terri Guillemets
Readers of novels .
I sometimes think that I could , if put to it , pick the real readers of novels out of a crowd .
They have a strangeness about the eye , almost as if there were an extra bit of lens on the cornea ....
The glance of a reader shows me a soul with a different orientation to time ...
~ Sven Birkerts ( b.1951 ) , " Notes from a Confession , " The Agni Review , No. 22 ( 1985 )
Books are delightful society .
If you go into a room and find it full of books — even without taking them from the shelves they seem to speak to you , to bid you welcome .
~ William Ewart Gladstone
Books support us in our solitude and keep us from being a burden to ourselves .
~ Jeremy Collier
Page Information :
www.quotegarden.com/books.html
Last saved 2020 Sep 06 Sun 12:33 PDT
Find Your Way HOME Site Map Search About Contact Terms Privacy
Added by 1 of our members
Male great tits with brighter breasts have stronger sperm , according to the first study to find a link between flashiness and sperm strength .
The birds ' vibrant plumage appears to act like a flashing billboard , broadcasting the males ' reproductive superiority to females eager to produce offspring .
The advertisement likely finds an appreciative audience in female great tits , since snagging a male with high - quality sperm is n't exactly a lark .
That 's in part because free radicals threaten sperm cells in many animals , including humans .
Created by cells when stressed by pollution and other factors , free radicals are groups of oxygen - activated atoms that can damage sperm cells , weakening their swimming ability .
( Learn how DNA works . )
Many animals ' bodies produce antioxidants that fight free radicals — including male great tits .
The birds have an antioxidant called carotenoid that not only defends against free radicals but also gives their breast feathers a yellow hue .
The new research shows that in males with more carotenoid , and thus more color , the sperm is better able to withstand a free radical onslaught — and females seem to know it .
Though human males do n't display ornate natural plumage , the bird research has some parallels to people , said study leader Fabrice Helfenstein , an evolutionary ecologist at the University of Bern in Switzerland .
For instance , free radicals are thought to be a major cause of infertility in people .
Likewise , some studies have shown that men with more attractive faces have better quality semen .
Male Massage
To investigate whether more colorful great tits have more resilient sperm , Helfenstein and colleagues increased the parenting " workload " of 29 nesting pairs in Bern , Switzerland , in 2008 .
Such added stress is known to boost free radicals .
Two days after a great tit mother and father — which share parenting duties — hatched their brood , the team added an additional two baby birds per nest .
The scientists also observed a control group of 31 nests that were left undisturbed .
At 7 and 15 days after the broods hatched , the scientists trapped both the stressed and nonstressed males and massaged their cloacas — all - purpose openings found in many animals — to make the males ejaculate .
Under the microscope , the scientists observed how fast and robustly the birds ' sperm moved .
Unlike human sperm , which make fanciful loops and twirls , bird sperm swim " very straight , " Helfenstein added as an aside .
The results showed that among nonstressed males , sperm robustness was about equal .
Among the stressed males , though , great tits with paler plumage had more listless sperm than colorful males — suggesting that having more carotenoid helps cope with stress .
But in samples taken on day 15 , the paler birds ' sperm quality was only slightly reduced by stress .
This means that even pale great tits can eventually compensate when times get tough , according to the recent study in the journal Ecology Letters .
In a further step , the team also force - fed males on two separate occasions with carotenoid - laced maggots .
The control group was given placebo maggots .
This " vitamin supplement " improved the drabber males ' sperm quality — strengthening the link between carotenoids and sperm strength , Helfenstein said .
Cheaters
The findings also give some insight into why female great tits cheat , Helfenstein added .
Because " females cannot always get the [ colorful ] males they want , " he said , the females will often settle for a less flashy mate .
But the females will still sneak off for a rendezvous with a better - looking male — and a dose of better sperm .
Overall , the study has begun to unravel the century - long mystery of why males often boast brazen colors , even though it makes the birds more conspicuous to predators , Helfenstein said .
" It adds a bit of understanding to this puzzle . "
Sleepy , suburban Campbell 's City Council elected one of the youngest gay and youngest Asian American mayors in the country at a meeting Tuesday night .
The council promoted Evan Low , 26 , from vice mayor to a one - year term as mayor of the 38,000 - resident Silicon Valley city .
" He 'll have his work cut out for him , but I think he 'll find his way , " said City Councilman Michael Kotowski , who twice served as Campbell 's mayor .
" He 'll do a good job if he does the normal things , but he 'll be an exceptional mayor if he gets out in the community and reaches out to people . "
Low is working on his master 's degree in public administration from San Jose State University , where he also earned an undergraduate degree in political science .
He also attended an executive program at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government .
A resident of Campbell for eight years , Low works full time as senior district representative to Assemblyman Paul Fong , D - Sunnyvale .
Despite his busy schedule , Low said he 'll have time for the mayor 's job , which will include guiding the council through budget uncertainties and a for - profit hospital controversy .
" I 'm passionate and energetic about all things I do , " he said .
" This is not work for me .
This is something I enjoy . "
Low grew up in San Jose but eight years ago moved to Campbell , where his father , Dr. Arthur Low , is an optometrist and sits on the Chamber of Commerce .
Low said he became interested in politics because he felt young people 's interests , such as affordable housing and the future of Social Security , were not being addressed .
He first ran for City Council in 2004 and lost , but won when he tried again in 2006 .
His term ends in 2010 .
Campbell seems to be an unlikely city for a young , gay , Asian American politician to gain a foothold in public service .
The San Jose suburb is 70 percent white and 11 percent Asian , with a small , quiet gay community .
Low said he received hate mail when he announced his opposition to Proposition 8 , the gay marriage ban , as well as threats of a recall .
But he never considered moving to San Francisco or San Jose , which have larger gay communities , he said .
" For me , it 's about making a difference in the community I live in , " he said .
" Campbell is my home . "
Low is a rising star among gay politicians , although sexual orientation is generally becoming less relevant , especially among younger voters , said Michael Mitchell , director of Stonewall Democrats , a Washington , D.C. , nonprofit that promotes gay and lesbian political issues .
" It 's significant that someone that bright and this young can be elected mayor in California , " Mitchell said .
" That he 's LGBT makes me even happier . "
President Obama , surrounded by Senate Democratic leaders , said today " we are on the precipice " of major health care changes , though " there are still some differences that have to be worked on . "
Those differences over items such as abortion coverage and publicly funded insurance plans should not prevent the Senate from passing a package Americans need , Obama said after meeting with the 60 - member Senate Democratic caucus .
" They are waiting for us to act , " Obama said .
" They are counting on us to show leadership .
...
There 's too much at stake for families who can't pay their medical bills or see a doctor when they need to or get the treatment they need . "
Senate Democrats are struggling to find the 60 votes they need to block a filibuster from Republicans who say the Democratic health care plan is too expensive and too bureaucratic .
Independent Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut said before heading to the White House that Democrats have taken " significant steps " toward getting the 60 votes needed for passage of health care .
Our On Politics blog discusses these issues here .
As Obama and Senate Democrats met at the White House complex , Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Ky. , said he does n't know what kinds of deals " may be struck behind closed doors . "
" What we know for sure is that this bill includes a half - trillion dollars in Medicare cuts , $ 400 billion in new taxes and higher insurance premiums for everyone else , " McConnell said .
Sen. Dick Durbin , D - Ill. , said after the meeting that one contentious proposal -- an expansion of Medicare coverage to non-seniors -- is probably out of the bill .
Lieberman and other Democrats had objected to the Medicare buy - in , as well as a publicly funded health insurance option , saying they would lead to a government - run program .
Durbin and other liberal Democrats are upset over the lack of a public option but want to make sure other health care changes are passed .
" We 're still working with a few senators who have not made a commitment , " Durbin said .
Sen . Ben Nelson , D - Neb. , has said he may block a Senate Democratic health care bill if it does not include enough restrictions on abortion .
In his brief remarks , Obama said there is general agreement on provisions to prevent insurance companies from dropping people because of pre-existing conditions or illness , and for reducing health care expenses .
Obama said a pending bill would not increase the federal budget deficit .
" Now , let 's be clear , " Obama said .
" The final bill wo n't include everything that everybody wants .
No bill can do that .
But what I told my former colleagues today is that we simply cannot allow differences over individual elements of this plan to prevent us from meeting our responsibility to solve a long - standing and urgent problem for the American people . "
Here is the president 's full statement :
We just had a very productive session about the final stages of health care reform in the Senate .
And from the discussions we had , it 's clear that we are on the precipice of an achievement that 's eluded Congresses and presidents for generations , a achievement that will touch the lives of nearly every American .
There are still some differences that have to be worked on .
This was not a rollcall .
This was a broad - based discussion about how we move forward .
But whatever differences remain , there is broad consensus around reforms that will finally , number one , protect every American from the worst practices in the health insurance industry .
No longer will these companies be able to deny you coverage if you have a preexisting illness or condition .
No longer will they be able to drop you from coverage when you get sick .
No longer will you have to pay unlimited amounts out of your own pocket for the treatments that you need .
We are all in agreement on those reforms .
We agree on reforms that will finally reduce the costs of health care .
Families will save on their premiums .
Businesses that will see their costs rise if we do nothing will save money now and in the future .
This plan will strengthen Medicare and extend the life of that program .
And because it gets rid of the waste and inefficiencies in our health care system , this will be the largest deficit reduction plan in over a decade .
And I just want to repeat this because there 's so much misinformation about the cost issue here .
You talk to every health care economist out there , and they will tell you that whatever ideas are -- whatever ideas exist in terms of bending the cost curve and starting to reduce costs for families , businesses and government , those elements are in this bill .
And in terms of deficits , because we keep on hearing these ads about how this is going to add to the deficit , the CBO has said that this is a deficit reduction -- not a deficit increase .
So all the scare tactics out there , all the ads that are out there , are simply inaccurate .
Some of the same people who cited the CBO when it was saying it did n't reduce the deficit , saying CBO 's the most credible possible arbiter of whether or not this adds to our deficit , now suddenly are ignoring what the CBO says .
Finally , we agree on reforms that will make coverage affordable for 30 million Americans who do n't have it .
Every day that goes by , another 14,000 Americans lose their health care coverage .
A recent study shows that in the next decade , half of all Americans under the age of 65 will be without coverage at some point .
On the other hand , if this reform passes , when it passes , for the very first time in their lives , these Americans will be able to provide health insurance for their families .
And those Americans who are already covered will no longer have to live in fear that their family might fall through the cracks of the system we have now .
These are n't small changes .
These are big changes .
They represent the most significant reform of our health care system since the passage of Medicare .
They will save money .
They will save families money .
They will save businesses money , and they will save government money .
And they 're going to save lives .
That 's why this reform is supported by groups like the AARP , who represents most of America 's seniors .
That 's why this reform has to pass on our watch .
Now , let 's be clear .
The final bill wo n't include everything that everybody wants .
No bill can do that .
But what I told my former colleagues today is that we simply cannot allow differences over individual elements of this plan to prevent us from meeting our responsibility to solve a longstanding and urgent problem for the American people .
They are waiting for us to act .
They are counting on us to show leadership .
And I do n't intend to let them down and neither do the people standing next to me .
There 's too much at stake for families who can't pay their medical bills or see a doctor when they need to , or get the treatment they need .
The stakes are enormous for them .
The stakes are enormous for businesses , who are already seeing their premiums go up 15 , 20 , 30 percent .
You know , a lot of the critics of this entire process fail to note what happens if nothing get done , and the American people have to be very clear about this .
If we do n't get this done , your premiums are guaranteed to go up .
If this does not get done , more employers are going to drop coverage because they can't afford it .
If this does not get done , it is guaranteed that Medicare and Medicaid will blow a hole through our budget .
Those things are guaranteed .
That 's the status quo .
That is the trajectory that we are currently on .
I do n't intend to have that happen .
And I believe that the Senate does n't intend to have that happen .
And I think any fair reading of this bill will indicate that all the criteria that I laid out when I met before a joint session have now been met .
It is deficit - neutral .
It bends the cost curve .
It covers 30 million Americans who do n't have health insurance , and it has extraordinary insurance reforms in there that make sure that we 're preventing abuse .
By the way , it also does things that Tom Harkin has been a champion of for years , prevention and wellness , to make sure that people are getting the care they need and the check - ups they need and the screenings they need before they get sick , which will save all of us money and reduce pressures on emergency rooms all across the country .
So there are still disagreements that have to be ironed out .
There is still work to be done in the next few days .
I think it 's important for every single member of the Senate to take a careful look at what 's in the bill .
We welcome the scrutiny from the press .
You know , recently , there was an article in The New Yorker that talked about all the cost savings and how important they are going to be in terms of bending the cost curve over the long term .
I am absolutely confident that , if the American people know what 's in this bill and if the Senate knows what 's in this bill , that this is going to pass .
Because it 's right for America , and I 'm feeling cautiously optimistic that we can get this done and start rolling up our sleeves and getting to work improving the lives of the American people .
All right ?
Thank you , everybody .
( Posted by David Jackson )
A Belgravia mansion set back among the trees .
The sky is blackening as a limo pulls away from the curb .
Rain is coming and it will be a violent night .
Through the window a computer clacks " I have decided to let the Master and his mistress rest for the time being . "
A black cat crosses the street outside .
The Devil is in London again and the rain is here to stay .
Unexpected floods and fires will last all summer and into the autumn .
Across town in the agency office above Oxford Street they are discussing the Kirov - Mariinsky and Bolshoi letters .
Do we have to have more Tchaikovsky ?
I 'm so tired of Swan Lake and Sleeping Beauty .
But we need to make our numbers interject the financial people .
Maybe Queen of Spades but please no Nutcracker .
Should we commission something new ask the innovators ?
Why not that new opera ?
Have you spoken to Lloyd - Webber 's people again ?
Not Boris Godunov .
Maybe Rite of Spring -- tart it up a bit ?
They 're coming for me .
Sushi in Picadilly or tea in Highgate ?
Home to Muswell Hill or make a run for it and catch a plane from Stansted ?
Too late , the storm is coming .
Fly ...
Jenny Sanford filed for divorce on Friday from her husband , Gov. Mark Sanford of South Carolina , who confessed in June to an affair with a woman in Argentina .
“ As so many of us know , the dissolution of any marriage is a sad and painful process , ” Ms. Sanford said in a statement .
“ Because Mark and I are public figures , we have naturally had less privacy with which to deal with our difficulties than do other couples .
Indeed , I know it will soon become known , so I choose to release this brief notice that I am now filing for divorce . ”
The Sanfords have been separated since shortly after he admitted the affair in a teary - eyed news conference .
Although Ms. Sanford has been living at the family ’s beach house on Sullivan ’s Island , S.C. , with her four sons , the Sanfords have said publicly that they hoped to salvage the marriage .
As recently as Thursday , Mr. Sanford told reporters that he wanted to remain married .
But that proved untenable , Ms. Sanford said in the statement .
“ This came after many unsuccessful efforts at reconciliation , ” she said , “ yet I am still dedicated to keeping the process that lies ahead peaceful for our family . ”
A source close to Mr Chirac , who now divides his time between Paris and a country estate in Morocco , said he was “ relaxed ” about the charges and convinced that he could avoid trial .
They said there would be an appeal against any decision to prosecute .
by mathew < email removed >
If you 've ever engaged in debate with a creationist , you 'll know that they can be extremely slippery .
One of their favorite tactics is to claim that evolution is " just a theory " because it cannot be scientifically demonstrated .
( Of course , it 's not as if any of the stuff they believe can be scientifically demonstrated , but let 's forget that minor detail . )
The question of what constitutes scientific proof is what 's really at stake .
We can prove that evolution is scientifically valid by looking at the fossil record , DNA evidence , and lab data from genetics experiments -- but Creationists will claim that evidence like that is insufficient , or even invalid .
They will claim that to demonstrate the proof of a theory , it must be possible to demonstrate the entire theory , right there before their very eyes .
This is clearly an unreasonable demand .
There 's no serious doubt that dinosaurs once existed , even though I can't actually show you a diplodocus grazing quietly in a field .
For that matter , there 's no serious intellectual debate about whether the Second World War actually happened , even though I can't actually show you Germany invading Poland , or let you ask Hitler why he decided to do so .
Nevertheless , there 's something vaguely dissatisfying about deducing how animals evolved by looking at the imprints their skeletons left in a rock .
It would be much more exciting if we could demonstrate new species appearing from nowhere ; or if we could demonstrate self - reproducing entities appearing by pure random chance .
Well , now we can .
The increase in the power of computers over the past thirty years has brought us to the point where a cheap desktop computer can perform over a million floating point calculations every second .
Complicated simulations that were unthinkable ten years ago can now be performed by the computer you 're staring at right now .
In fact , we can go beyond simulation -- we can show evolutionary principles applied to real situations , in new fields such as genetic programming and artificial life .
Creationists may scoff that simulations prove nothing -- but their protests are wide of the mark , as this article will attempt to explain .
2000.01.01
# [ 0] 12345R
< PRV//NXT >
A security flaw that has been identified in the Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) protocol could open the door for man - in - the - middle ( MITM ) attacks against HTTPS communication .
All implementations are said to be vulnerable because the flaw is in the protocol itself .
Security researchers are taking steps to resolve the problem .
The flaw was originally found in August by researchers Marsh Ray and Steve Dispensa from security company PhoneFactor .
They chose not to widely publicize the issue and began working in secret with other security experts and industry leaders to develop solutions .
The flaw became known to the public this week when Martin Rex of SAP discovered it independently and posted a disclosure to the mailing list of the Internet Engineering Task Force .
" After elaborating so much about the client cert authentication through renegotiation with Microsoft IIS , I 'm beginning to believe that there is a potential security problem with that scheme , because it is susceptible to a MITM attack , " he wrote .
Rex was unaware of the work being done in secret by Ray and Dispensa and he also did n't fully recognize the scope of the vulnerability .
In his message to the IETF list , Rex described a potential attack scenario against Microsoft 's IIS Web server and suggested that the vulnerability might be exhibited by other implementations too .
After word of the security flaw began to spread and the need for secrecy evaporated , Ray and Dispensa came forward and published some additional details and provided insight into the steps that have been taken to ameliorate the protocol defect .
They published a concise paper that explains the relevant technical background and describes a practical attack that will work with both IIS and the open source Apache Web server .
They have also published the draft of a new protocol extension that will block the MITM attacks by adding an extra layer of security to TLS renegotiations .
" Transport Layer Security ( TLS , RFC 5246 and previous , including SSL v3 and previous ) is subject to a number of serious man - in - the - middle ( MITM ) attacks related to renegotiation .
In general , these problems allow an MITM to inject an arbitrary amount of chosen plaintext into the beginning of the application protocol stream , leading to a variety of abuse possibilities , " they wrote in the report summary .
" In particular , practical attacks against HTTPS client certificate authentication have been demonstrated against recent versions of both Microsoft IIS and Apache httpd on a variety of platforms and in conjunction with a variety of client applications .
Cases not involving client certificates have been demonstrated as well . "
OpenSSL contributor Ben Laurie was one of the experts who was involved in the secret effort to fix the vulnerability .
When the issue was disclosed today , he published an OpenSSL patch that provides a temporary fix by completely disabling renegotiation .
Further reading
FAIR USE NOTICE .
This document contains copyrighted material whose use has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
The CHANCE project is making this material available as part of our mission to promote critical thinking about statistical issues .
We believe that this constitutes a `fair use ' of the copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own that go beyond `fair use ' , you must obtain permission from the copyright owner .
Curveball
The New Yorker , November 28 , 1994
STEPHEN JAY GOULD
The Bell Curve , by Richard J. Herrnstein and Charles Murray ( Free Press ; $ 30 ) , subtitled Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , provides a superb and unusual opportunity to gain insight into the meaning of experiment as a method in science .
The primary desideratum in all experiments is reduction of confusing variables : we bring all the buzzing and blooming confusion of the external world into our laboratories and , holding all else constant in our artificial simplicity , try to vary just one potential factor at a time .
But many subject defy the use of such an experimental method — particularly most social phenomena — because importation into the laboratory destroys the subject of the investigation , and then we must yearn for simplifying guides in nature .
If the external world occasionally obliges by holding some crucial factors constant for us , we can only offer thanks for this natural boost to understanding .
So , when a book garners as much attention as The Bell Curve , we wish to know the causes .
One might suspect the content itself — a startlingly new idea , or an old suspicion newly verified by persuasive data — but the reason might also be social acceptability , or even just plain hype .
The Bell Curve , with its claims and supposed documentation that race and class differences are largely cause by genetic factors and are therefore essentially immutable , contains no new arguments and presents no compelling data to support its anachronistic social Darwinism , so I can only conclude that its success in winning attention must reflect the depressing temper of our time — a historical moment of unprecedented ungenerosity , when a mood for slashing social programs can be powerfully abetted by an argument that beneficiaries cannot be helped , owing to inborn cognitive limits expressed as low IQ scores .
The Bell Curve rests on two distinctly different but sequential arguments , which together encompass the classic corpus of biological determinism as a social philosophy .
The first argument rehashes the tenets of social Darwinism as it was originally constituted .
" Social Darwinism " has often been used as a general term for any evolutionary argument about the biological basis of human differences , but the initial nineteenth–century meaning referred to a specific theory of class stratification with industrial societies , and particularly to the idea that there was a permanently poor underclass consisting of genetically inferior people who had precipitated down into their inevitable fate .
The theory arose from a paradox of egalitarianism : as long as people remain on top of the social heap by accident of a noble name or parental wealth , and as long as members of despised castes cannot rise no matter what their talents , social stratification will not reflect intellectual merit , and brilliance will be distributed across all classes ; but when true equality of opportunity is attained smart people rise and the lower classes become rigid , retaining only the intellectually incompetent .
This argument has attracted a variety of twentieth–century champions , including the Stanford psychologist Lewis M. Terman , who imported Alfred Binet 's original test from France , developed the Stanford –Binet IQ test , and gave a hereditarian interpretation to the results ( one that Binet had vigorously rejected in developing this style of test ) ; Prime Minister Lee Kuan
Yew of Singapore , who tried to institute a eugenics program of rewarding well –educated women for higher birth rates ; and Richard Herrnstein , a co–author of The Bell Curve and also the author of a 1971 Atlantic Monthly article that presented the same argument without the documentation .
The general claim is neither uninteresting nor illogical , but it does require the validity of four shaky premises , all asserted ( but hardly discussed or defended ) by Herrnstein and Murray .
Intelligence , in their formulation , must be depictable as a single number , capable of ranking people in linear order , genetically based , and effectively immutable .
If any of these premises are false , their entire argument collapses .
For example , if all are true except immutability , then programs for early intervention in education might work to boost IQ permanently , just as a pair of eyeglasses may correct a genetic defect in vision .
The central argument of The Bell Curve fails because most of the premises are false .
Herrnstein and Murray 's second claim , the lightning rod for most commentary extends the argument for innate cognitive stratification to a claim that racial differences in IQ are mostly determined by genetic causes — small difference for Asian superiority over Caucasian , but large for Caucasians over people of African descent .
This argument is as old as the study of race , and is most surely fallacious .
The last generation 's discussion centered on Arthur Jensen 's 1980 book Bias in Mental Testing ( far more elaborate and varied than anything presented in The Bell Curve , and therefore still a better source for grasping the argument and its problems ) , and on the cranky advocacy of William Shockley , a Nobel Prize–winning physicist .
The central fallacy in using the substantial heritability of within–group IQ ( among whites , for example ) as an explanation of average differences between groups ( whites versus blacks , for example ) is now well known and acknowledged by all , including Herrnstein and Murray , but deserves a restatement by example .
Take a trait that is far more heritable than anyone has ever claimed IQ to be but is politically uncontroversial — body height .
Suppose that I measured the heights of adult males in a poor Indian village beset with nutritional deprivation , and suppose the average height of adult males is five feet six inches .
Heritability within the village is high , which is to say that tall fathers ( they may average five feet eight inches ) tend to have tall sons , while short fathers ( five feet four inches on average ) tend to have short sons .
But this high heritability within the village does not mean that better nutrition might not raise average height to five feet ten inches in a few generations .
Similarly , the well –documented fifteen–point average difference in IQ between blacks and whites in America , with substantial heritability of IQ in family lines within each group , permits no automatic conclusion that truly equal opportunity might not raise the black average enough to equal or surpass the white mean .
Disturbing as I find the anachronism of The Bell Curve , I am even more distressed by its pervasive disingenuousness .
The authors omit facts , misuse statistical methods , and seem unwilling to admit the consequence of their own words .
The ocean of publicity that has engulfed The Bell Curve has a basis in what Murray and Herrnstein , in an article in The New Republic last month [ Oct. 31 , 1994 ] , call " the flashpoint of intelligence as a public topic : the question of genetic differences between the races . "
And yet , since the day of the book 's publication , Murray ( Herrnstein died a month before the book appeared ) has been temporizing , and denying that race is an important subject in the book at all ; he blames the press for unfairly fanning these particular flames .
In The New Republic he and Herrnstein wrote , " Here is what we hope will be our contribution to the discussion .
We put it in italics ; if we could , we would put it in neon lights :
The answer does n't much matter . "
Fair enough , in the narrow sense that any individual may be a rarely brilliant member of an averagely dumb group ( and therefore not subject to judgment by the group mean ) , but Murray cannot deny that The Bell Curve treats race as one of two major topics , with each given about equal space ; nor can he pretend that strongly stated claims about group differences have no political impact in a society obsessed with the meanings and consequences of ethnicity .
The very first sentence of The Bell Curve 's preface acknowledges that the book treats the two subjects equally : " This book is about differences in intellectual capacity among people and groups and what those differences mean for America 's future . "
And Murray and Herrnstein's New Republic article begins by identifying racial differences as the key subject of interest : " The private dialogue about race in America is far different from the public one . "
Furthermore , Herrnstein and Murray know and acknowledge the critique of extending the substantial heritability of within–group IQ to explain differences between groups , so they must construct an admittedly circumstantial case for attributing most of the black –white mean difference to irrevocable genetics — while properly stressing that the average difference does n't help in judging any particular person , because so many individual blacks score above the white mean in IQ .
Quite apart from the rhetoric dubiety of this old ploy in a shopworn genre — " Some of my best friends are Group X " — Herrnstein and Murray violate fairness by converting a complex case that can yield only agnosticism into a biased brief for permanent and heritable difference .
They impose this spin by turning every straw on their side into an oak , while mentioning but downplaying the strong circumstantial case for substantial malleability and little average genetic difference .
This case includes such evidence as impressive IQ scores for poor black children adopted into affluent and intellectual homes ; average IQ increases in some nations since the Second World War equal to the entire fifteen –point difference now separating blacks and whites in America ; and failure to find any cognitive differences between two cohorts of children born out of wedlock to German women , reared in Germany as Germans , but fathered by black and white American soldiers .
The Bell Curve is even more disingenuous in its argument than in its obfuscation about race .
The book is a rhetorical masterpiece of scientism , and it benefits from the particular kind of fear that numbers impose on nonprofessional commentators .
It runs to 845 pages , including more than a hundred pages of appendixes filled with figures .
So their text looks complicated , and reviewers shy away with a knee–jerk claim that , while they suspect fallacies of argument , they really cannot judge .
In the same issue of The New Republic as Murray and Herrnstein 's article , Mickey Kaus writes , " As a lay reader of ' The Bell Curve , ' I am unable to judge fairly , " and Leon Wieseltier adds , " Murray , too , is hiding the hardness of his politics behind the hardness of his science .
And his science , for all I know , is soft ....
Or so I imagine .
I am not a scientist .
I know nothing about psychometrics . "
And Peter Passell , in the Times : " But this reviewer is not a biologist , and will leave the argument to experts . "
The book is in fact extraordinarily one –dimensional .
It makes no attempt to survey the range of available data , and pays astonishingly little attention to the rich and informative history of its contentious subject .
( One can only recall Santayana 's dictum now a cliché of intellectual life : " Those who can not remember the past are condemned to repeat it . " )
Virtually all the analysis rests on a single technique applied to a single set of data — probably done in one computer run .
( I do agree that the authors have used more appropriate technique and the best source of information .
Still , claims as broad as those advanced in The Bell Curve simply cannot be properly defended — that is , either supported or denied — by such a restricted approach . )
The blatant errors and inadequacies of The Bell Curve could be picked up by lay reviewers if only they would not let themselves be frightened by numbers — for Herrnstein and Murray do write clearly , and their mistakes are both patent and accessible .
While disclaiming his own ability to judge , Mickey Kaus , in The New Republic , does correctly identify the authors ' first two claims that are absolutely essential " to make the pessimistic ' ethnic difference ' argument work " : " 1 ) that there is a single , general measure of mental ability ; 2 ) that the IQ tests that purport to measure this ability ... are n't culturally biased . "
Nothing in The Bell Curve angered me more than the authors ' failure to supply any justification for their central claim , the sine qua non of their entire argument : that the number known as g , the celebrated " general factor " of intelligence , first identified by British psychologist Charles Spearman , in 1904 , captures a real property in the head .
Murray and Herrnstein simply declare that the issue has been decided , as in this passage from their New Republic article : " Among the experts , it is by now beyond much technical dispute that there is such a thing as a general factor of cognitive ability on which human beings differ and that this general factor is measured reasonably well by a variety of standardized tests , best of all by IQ tests designed for that purpose . "
Such a statement represents extraordinary obfuscation , achievable only if one takes " expert " to mean " that group of psychometricians working in the tradition of g and its avatar IQ "
The authors even admit that there are three major schools of psychometric interpretation and that only one supports their view of g and IQ .
But this issue cannot be decided , or even understood , without discussing the key and only rationale that has maintained g since Spearman invented it : factor analysis .
The fact that Herrnstein and Murray barely mention that factor - analytic argument forms a central indictment of The Bell Curve and is an illustration of it vacuousness .
How can the authors base an 800 - page book on a claim for the reality of IQ as measuring a genuine , and largely genetic , general cognitive ability — and then hardly discuss , either pro or con , the theoretical basis for their certainty ?
Admittedly , factor analysis is a difficult mathematical subject , but it can be explained to lay readers with a geometrical formulation developed by L. L. Thurstone , an American psychologist , in the 1930s and used by me in a full chapter on factor analysis in my 1981 book The Mismeasure of Man .
A few paragraphs cannot suffice for adequate explanation , so , although I offer some sketchy hints below , readers should not question their own IQs if the topic still seems arcane .
In brief , a person 's performance on various mental tests tends to be positively correlated — that is , if you do well on one kind of test , you tend to do well on the other kinds .
This is scarcely surprising , and is subject to interpretation that is either purely genetic ( that an innate thing in the head boosts all performances ) ; the positive correlations in themselves say nothing about causes .
The results of these tests can be plotted on a multidimensional graph with an axis for each test .
Spearman used factor analysis to find a single dimension — which he called g — that best identifies the common factor behind positive correlations among the tests .
But Thurstone later showed that g could be made to disappear by simply rotating the dimensions to different positions .
In one rotation Thurstone placed the dimensions near the most widely separated attributes among the tests , thus giving rise to the theory of multiple intelligences ( verbal , mathematical , spatial , etc. , with no overarching g ) .
This theory ( which I support ) has been advocated by many prominent psychometricians , including J. P. Guilford , in the 1950s , and Howard Gardner today .
In this perspective g cannot have inherent reality , for it emerges in one form of mathematical representation for correlations among tests and disappears ( or greatly attenuates ) in other forms , which are entirely equivalent in amount of information explained .
In any case , you can't grasp the issue at all without a clear exposition of factor analysis — and The Bell Curve cops out on this central concept .
As for Kaus 's second issue , cultural bias , the presentation of it in The Bell Curve matches Arthur Jensen 's and that of other hereditarians , in confusing a technical ( and proper ) meaning of " bias " ( I call is " S–bias , " for " statistical " ) with the entirely different vernacular concept ( I call it " V–bias " ) that provokes popular debate .
All these authors swear up and down ( and I agree with them completely ) that the tests are not biased — in the statistician 's definition .
Lack of S–bias means that the same score , when it is achieved by members of different groups , predicts the same thing ; that is , a black person and a white person with identical scores will have the same probabilities for doing anything that IQ is supposed to predict .
But V–bias , the source of public concern , embodies an entirely different issue , which , unfortunately , uses the same word .
The public wants to know whether blacks average 85 and whites 100 because society treats blacks unfairly — that is , whether lower black scores record biases in this social sense .
And this crucial question ( to which we do not know the answer ) cannot be addressed by a demonstration that S–bias does n't exist , which is the only issues analyzed , however correctly , in The Bell Curve
The book is also suspect in its use of statistics .
As I mentioned , virtually all its data derive from one analysis — a plotting , by a technique called multiple regression , of social behaviors that agitate us , such as crime , unemployment , and births out of wedlock ( known as dependent variables ) , against both IQ and parental sociometric status ( known as independent variables ) .
The authors first hold IQ constant and consider the relationship of social behaviors to parental socioeconomic status .
They then hold socioeconomic status constant and consider the relationship of the same social behaviors to IQ .
In general , they find a higher correlation with IQ than with socioeconomic status ; for example , people with low IQ are more likely to drop out of high school than people whose parents have low socioeconimic status .
But such analyses must engage two issues — the form and the strength of the relationship — and Herrnstein and Murray discuss only the issue that seems to support their viewpoint , while virtually ignoring ( and in one key passage almost willfully hiding ) the other .
Their numerous graphs present only the form of the relationships ; that is , they draw the regression curves of their variables against IQ and parental socioeconomic status .
But , in violation of all statistical norms that I 've even learned , they plot only the regression curve and do not show the scatter of variation around the curve , so their graphs do not show anything about the strength of the relationships — that is , the amount of variation in social factors explained by IQ and socioeconomic status .
Indeed , almost all their relationships are weak : very little of the variation in social factors is explained by either independent variable ( though the form of this small amount of explanation does lie in their favored direction ) .
In short , their own data indicate that IQ is not a major factor in determining variation in nearly all the social behaviors they study — and so their conclusions collapse , or at least become so greatly attenuated that their pessimism and conservative social agenda gain no significant support .
Herrnstein and Murray actually admit as much in one crucial passage , but then they hid the pattern .
They write , " It [ cognitive ability ] almost always explains less than 20 percent of the variance , to use the statistician 's term , usually less than 10 percent and often less than 5 percent .
What this means in English is that you cannot predict what a given person will do from his IQ score ....
On the other hand , despite the low association at the individual level , large differences in social behavior separate groups of people when the groups differ intellectually on the average . "
Despite this disclaimer , their remarkable next sentence makes a strong casual claim .
" We will argue that intelligence itself , not just its correlation with socio–economic status , is responsible for these group differences . "
But a few percent of statistical determination is not causal explanation .
And the case is even worse for their key genetic argument , since they claim a heritability of about 60 percent for IQ , so to isolate the strength of genetic determination by Herrnstein and Murray 's own criteria you must nearly halve even the few percent they claim to explain .
My charge of disingenuousness receives its strongest affirmation in a sentence tucked away on the first page of Appendix 4 , page 593 : the authors state , " In the text , we do not refer to the usual measure of goodness of fit for multiple regressions , R2 , but they are presented here for the cross–sectional analyses . "
Now , why would they exclude from the text , and relegate to an appendix that very few people will read , or even consult , a number that , by their own admission , is " the usual measure of goodness of fit " ?
I can only conclude that they did not choose to admit in the main text the extreme weakness of their vaunted relationships .
Herrnstein and Murray 's correlation coefficients are generally low enough by themselves to inspire lack of confidence .
( Correlation coefficients measure the strength of linear relationships between variables ; the positive values from 0.0 for no relationship to 1.0 for perfect linear relationship . )
Although low figures are not atypical for large social–science surveys involving many variables , most of Herrnstein and Murray 's correlations are very weak — often in the 0.2 to 0.4 range .
Now , 0.4 may sound respectably strong , but — and this is the key point — R2 is the square of the correlation coefficient , and the square of a number between zero and one is less than the number itself , so a 0.4 correlation yields an R–squared of only .16 .
In Appendix 4 , then , one discovers that the vast majority of the conventional measures of R2 , excluded from the main body of the text , are less than 0.1 .
These very low values of R2 expose the true weakness , in any meaningful vernacular sense , of nearly all the relationships that form the meat of The Bell Curve .
Like so many conservative ideologues who rail against the largely bogus ogre of suffocating political correctness , Herrnstein and Murray claim that they only want a hearing for unpopular views so that truth will out .
And here , for once , I agree entirely .
As a card–carrying First Amendment ( near ) absolutist , I applaud the publication of unpopular views that some people consider dangerous .
I am delighted that The Bell Curve was written–so that its errors could be exposed , for Herrnstein and Murray are right to point out the difference between public and private agendas on race , and we must struggle to make an impact on the private agendas as well .
But The Bell Curve is scarcely an academic treatise in social theory and population genetics .
It is a manifesto of conservative ideology ; the book 's inadequate and biased treatment of data display its primary purpose — advocacy .
The text evokes the dreary and scary drumbeat of claims associated with conservative think tanks : reduction or elimination of welfare , ending or sharply curtailing affirmative action in schools and workplaces , cutting back Head Start and other forms of preschool education , trimming programs for the slowest learners and applying those funds to the gifted .
( I would love to see more attention paid to talented students , but not at this cruel price . )
The penultimate chapter presents an apocalyptic vision of a society with a growing underclass permanently mired in the inevitable sloth of their low IQs .
They will take over our city centers , keep having illegitimate babies ( for many are too stupid to practice birth control ) , and ultimately require a kind of custodial state , more to keep them in check — and out of high IQ neighborhoods — than to realize any hope of amelioration , which low IQ makes impossible in any case .
Herrnstein and Murray actually write , " In short , by custodial state , we have in mind a high–tech and more lavish version of the Indian reservation for some substantial minority of the nation 's population , while the rest of America tries to go about its business . "
The final chapter tries to suggest an alternative , but I have never read anything more grotesquely inadequate .
Herrnstein and Murray yearn romantically for the good old days of towns and neighborhoods where all people could be given tasks of value , and self–esteem could be found for people on all steps of the IQ hierarchy ( so Forrest Gump might collect clothing for the church raffle , while Mr. Murray and the other bright ones do the planning and keep the accounts — they have forgotten about the town Jew and the dwellers on the other side of the tracks in many of these idyllic villages ) .
I do believe in this concept of neighborhood , and I will fight for its return .
I grew up in such a place in Queens .
But can anyone seriously find solutions for ( rather that important palliatives of ) our social ills therein ?
However , if Herrnstein and Murray are wrong , and IQ represents not an immutable thing in the head , grading human beings on a single scale of general capacity with large numbers of custodial incompetents at the bottom , then the model that generates their gloomy vision collapses , and the wonderful variousness of human abilities , properly nurtured , reemerges .
We must fight the doctrine of The Bell Curve both because it is wrong and because it will , if activated , cut off all possibility of proper nurturance for everyone 's intelligence .
Of course , we cannot all be rocket scientists or brain surgeons , but those who can't might be rock musicians or professional athletes ( and gain far more social prestige and salary thereby ) , while others will indeed serve by standing and waiting .
I closed my chapter in The Mismeasure of Man on the unreality of g and the fallacy of regarding intelligence as a single–scaled , innate thing in the head with a marvelous quotation from John Stuart Mill , well worth repeating :
The tendency has always been strong to believe that whatever received a name must be an entity or being , having an independent existence of its own , and if no real entity answering to the name could be found , men did not for that reason suppose that none existed , but imagined that it was something particularly abstruse and mysterious .
How strange that we would let a single and false number divide us , when evolution has united all people in the recency of our common ancestry — thus undergirding with a shared humanity that infinite variety which custom can never stale .
E pluribus unum .
Republicans have often accused the Obama administration ( and Democrats in general ) of being soft on terrorism .
Former VP
Cheney even claimed that Obama ’s policies were increasing the probability of a catastrophic nuclear or biological terrorist attack .
Indeed , in the wake of the recent attempted airline bombing over Detroit , Republicans have tried to blame the unsuccessful attack on Obama .
A Republican candidate for governor of Michigan even tried to use the incident to raise money :
If you agree that we need a Governor who will stand up the Obama / Pelosi efforts to weaken our security please make a most generous contribution of $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 100 or even $ 250 to my campaign .
But this blame game is put to the lie by two facts .
It turns out that two of the al Qaeda leaders who are responsible for the attempted attack were released from Guantanamo prison by the Bush administration in 2007 .
In a particularly ironic twist , the two terrorist leaders were sent to Saudi Arabia where they were entered into an “ art therapy rehabilitation program ” and then set free .
Second , and even more telling is that the very same Republicans who are blaming terrorist acts on the Obama administration are responsible for the Transportation and Security Administration being leaderless .
Senator Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) is blocking Obama ’s nomination of Erroll Southers to head the TSA , despite bipartisan approval of Southers , who is a former FBI special agent and counterterrorism expert , assistant chief for homeland security and intelligence for the Los Angeles World Airports Police Department , the associate director of the University of Southern California ’s Center for Risk and Economic Analysis of Terrorism Events , and served as deputy director of homeland security for Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Why is DeMint endangering US security ?
He wants Southers to promise that he will prohibit TSA workers from joining a union .
Once again , the Republicans are playing politics with your security .
UPDATE : Unbelievably , the Republicans continue to ratchet up the hypocrisy .
Now Cheney and the Republicans are attacking Obama for waiting so long to make a statement about the attempted airline bombing and for treating the terrorist as a common criminal .
However , Politico points out that Bush waited twice as long to make a statement after the shoe bomber attack in December 2001 and treated that terrorist as a common criminal , with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld refusing to talk about the incident , saying “ That ’s a matter that ’s in the hands of the law enforcement people . ”
UPDATES : Good reads : Dick Cheney is a coward and a disgrace .
And Obama gets heat for treating Americans like adults in terror incident .
And Change you can defeat Al Qaeda with .
And On Drama Queens and Cool Cats .
And President Obama takes the heat President Bush did not .
All well written and worth reading .
California has been the poster child of ineffective state government .
Bickering politicians , constant spending , and budget deficits that baffle the economic bottom line .
But California is n’t alone in this spend more than you earn reality .
Last year , California had to patch up $ 60 billion in budget deficits .
A large and historical sum no doubt .
Yet the federal government ran a $ 176 billion deficit in one month alone !
In October the federal government brought in $ 135 billion in revenues ( taxes ) and spent $ 311 billion .
This is not the kind of math you want to be seeing .
In fact , let us put this on a graph .
Be warned , this is a financially scary graph but get used to it , since this is the future :
What a coincidence that in the 1970s when President Nixon took us off the gold standard , we suddenly started having epic swings in surplus and deficit spending .
Without any standard , the fiat money world allowed our government to spend as much as the world would allow us and gave incredible power to the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve to print money out of thin air .
The government is arrogant at best if it thinks it can print money and at same time , allow revenues to decline .
Any company operating like this would be bankrupt in a short time .
In our case , foreigners are starting to worry and are exiting dollar trades and pushing up commodities like gold .
I ’m not a gold bug and I wo n’t recommend you go 100 percent in to gold .
But make no mistake , gold is a trade against the stability of the U.S. dollar and the trust people have in the U.S. Treasury and ultimately our government .
There is good reason to believe this is going to go on given the massive budget deficits we are now operating under .
Now we are hearing whispers of stimulus version 2.0 and the Treasury has already talked about secretly bailing out the commercial real estate market .
States unlike the federal government , have to balance their budgets .
And many states are facing epic problems :
Source : Pew Center , Zero Hedge
The sizes of the budget gaps are simply incredible .
It is a basic arithmetic problem .
The recession has caused record unemployment and profits to fall in the real world .
Sure , Wall Street is seeing markets up by 60 percent but this is casino like profits .
In the real world , unemployment is up to 10.2 percent and in states like California , the underemployment rate is up to 22 percent .
This is depression like statistics .
Take a look at the chart above .
7 states have budget gaps of over 20 percent .
9 out of the 10 states researched by the Pew Center study have seen revenues fall by over 10 percent .
These are reflections of the Great Recession .
States like California , Arizona , Florida , and Nevada built entire economies on the decade long housing bubble .
Short of seeing another housing bubble , these states are going to be in an economic funk for over a decade .
Where is the revenue going to come from ?
So far , the federal government has demonstrated that all they care about is protecting the profits of Wall Street .
Did your paycheck go up by 60 percent ?
Is healthcare 60 percent cheaper ?
Is education 60 percent more affordable ?
The 60 percent rally is a joke .
It is based on hot money and as you might have noticed , the only folks pushing out record profits are the banks .
Other bread and butter companies are showing profits because of firing workers and restocking inventory .
Is that really something to jump in the air for ?
Just run the score card .
Let us see how things have changed over a one year timeframe :
Every measure seems to be worse except the stock market .
The unemployment rate nearly doubled in the year , 7 million more Americans are on food stamps , and foreclosures are higher .
But things are getting better supposedly .
And the foreclosure rate is n’t abating :
From 1999 to 2007 , the U.S. foreclosure rate was much higher than that of California .
But after that , California ’s housing market completely imploded .
This was n’t any accident .
Much of this was brought on by toxic mortgages like option ARMs that were nothing more than financial time bombs .
The chart above is troubling on many fronts because it shows no abatement to the ongoing foreclosure disaster .
Most can understand that until foreclosures trend lower , any talk of a real recovery is rather mute .
States , like average American households , are dealing with the realities of a shrinking balance sheet .
Or to be more precise , the revenue side of the equation is quickly shrinking while debts are still elevated to bubble levels .
That is why some $ 12 trillion has evaporated from the net worth of U.S. households .
The October federal budget deficit is troubling .
Last October the government brought in $ 164 billion compared to $ 135 billion this October .
A 17 percent drop in revenues .
The federal government makes the state budget deficits look like child ’s play .
At some point , the government is going to need to adjust the revenue side of the equation .
You can either raise revenues ( taxes ) or cut spending .
Since they are choosing to do none of the previous options , they are opting to devalue the U.S. dollar and putting all their faith in Wall Street and the banks to save us .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Savage Love Cold Feet
I am a 23 - year - old male who has been in a relationship with a great woman for four years now .
She is an amazing person , and we oftentimes talk about marriage .
The issue is this : I have a foot fetish and she is fully aware of it .
She does n't like the idea of me kissing her feet or indulging my fetish in any way .
We have sex quite often , and I 've always let it slide that she does n't want any part of my fetish .
I do n't know what to do , because I 'm at a stage in my sexual growth where I need to experience my fetish .
I 'm getting mixed advice from different people and I just want a straight answer .
The sex we have is amazing , but I would enjoy it so much more if I could act on my desires once in a while .
Sexually Frustrated Fetishist
Here 's a straight answer :
Your amazing girlfriend is an amazingly selfish lover , and I 'm amazed that you 've put up with her bullshit for as long as you have .
A foot fetish is not uncommon or outrageous ; as fetishes go , SFF , yours is the least taxing for a nonkinky partner .
It 's not like you 're into shit or choking or Christian side hugs .
Any amazing woman who truly loved you would regard indulging you as a no - brainer .
Share time : I have a good friend who 's not kinky at all — unless you count being gay — and he 's a runner who goes for long runs every Saturday morning .
When he gets home , he handcuffs his boyfriend to a chair in his kitchen , duct - tapes one of his sweaty sneakers over the boyfriend 's face , and leaves him there while he has breakfast .
My friend — who came to me for advice when his boyfriend confessed his fetish — is n't really into guys with sneakers duct - taped to their faces .
But it gets his lover off , and is n't that what lovers are for ?
Your lover has had things — she's had you — on her terms for four years , SFF , which means you 're going to have to play the breakup card .
It 's the only leverage you have .
Tell her that if she can indulge your fetish — happily and regularly — and take some pleasure in giving you pleasure , she might be " the one . "
If she can't or wo n't , she obviously is n't .
( Not that " the one " is anything other than a destructive myth , but for the sake of winning this argument , go ahead and use it . )
Finally , SFF , do n't let the girlfriend — or anyone else — tell you that you 're threatening to end this relationship over something trivial .
Sexual fulfillment is important , particularly if your relationship is exclusive .
And the " triviality " of your kink cuts both ways :
If your kink is so trivial , why not just indulge you then ?
And in a long - term relationship — or a marriage — one partner 's sexual selfishness and another 's sexual frustration rarely prove trivial over the long haul .
They 're more often grounds for divorce .
I am a 35 - year - old partnered gay man , but I 've been having an online conversation with a married bisexual man that has become an ongoing game of sexual dares .
It 's a safe form of sexual adventurism for both of us .
None of our dares has involved sexual contact with another person , but some of our dares have begun to involve other people at the edges .
For example , we 've posted ads to Craigslist as submissives and responded to some of the replies from dominant men .
None of these interactions with third parties will result in actual contact .
It feels a little like we are exploiting the " flakes " aspect of Craigslist , i.e. , it 's common to hear from someone a few times after making contact on Craigslist and then never hear from them again .
But it also feels a little like we are using these folks .
Is this expansion of our game to involve other people ethical ?
Concerned About Harming Craigslist Fellas
P.S. This letter is itself part of a dare .
If you publish it and include a dare in the reply , I will have to fulfill that dare .
The expansion of your game to Craigslist will annoy those guys on CL who are looking for actual contact , CAHCF , but as those guys amount to something less than 0.02 percent of the men trawling Craigslist at any given moment , I would n't worry about it .
Everyone knows that CL is overrun with flakes and game players and picture collectors ; the odds that the " dominant men " you 've chatted with on CL are interested in actual contact are pretty damn slim .
( Guys interested in real - time BDSM play are likelier to be lurking on Recon.com or in your local hardware store . )
So post at will .
P.S. I dare you to go to www.tinyurl.com/ye3otsh and take the pledge .
I 'm a straight guy in my late 20s .
I have a girlfriend of several years whom I live with and I love very much .
I just read your most recent column , in which you used the acronyms HND ( honest nonmonogamous dude ) and CPOS ( cheating piece of shit ) , and it struck a nerve .
I have never been an HND ; I have in the past been a CPOS ( though not in this relationship ) .
My girlfriend is lovely , supportive , and generally GGG , and though the sex is good , I have a significantly higher libido than she does and I would like to have a little more variety in my sex life .
I want to be an HND , but I do n't know how to broach the subject with the girlfriend without ruining our relationship .
We are very open about our sex life and our relationship in general , but I think this is probably a " next level " topic that may not go over very well .
How do I bring this up without screwing up our relationship beyond repair ?
Aspiring Honest Nonmonogamous Dude
Based on what you 've learned about yourself in past relationships , AHND , i.e. , that you 're a CPOS waiting to happen , I would encourage you to err on the side of screwing up your current relationship with an honest conversation about your mismatched libidos and your natural and normal desire for a little variety .
Lies , damn lies , and statistics all demonstrate that , in time , one or the other or both of you will cheat .
Better to toss that out there now , even at the risk of calmly winding down this relationship before you revert to form / CPOS , than to see the relationship explode after someone , most likely you , winds up cheating .
And while we 're on the subject of cheating ...
I suppose I 'm obligated to say a few words about Tiger Woods .
First , let 's pretend that Elin Nordegren cheated on Tiger and that Tiger went after Elin with a golf club .
Would Elin be viewed as the sole transgressor in the marriage then ?
Probably not .
And second , daily papers and cable news outfits reacted to Tiger 's " transgressions " by changing the names in the same " Why do powerful men cheat ? " stories they 've been pimping since Bill Clinton blew a load on a White House intern .
For the millionth time :
Men cheat for the same reasons women cheat , i.e. , because they 're bored or horny or unfulfilled or desperate to see someone else naked for a change .
People cheat because monogamy is n't natural and we are wired to cheat .
That does n't make cheating right , of course ; people should honor their commitments , and blah - de - nine - iron - blah .
But we should n't encourage people to make commitments we all know they 're unlikely to keep .
The end .
AUCTION NOTICE :
Want to answer a question or two in an upcoming column ?
I 'm auctioning off a chance to give advice in this space to raise money for some worthy charities .
Go to www .tinyurl.com / SLauction for details and to bid .
Find the Savage Lovecast ( my weekly podcast ) every Tuesday at thestranger.com / savage .
mail@savagelove.net
stone fleshy fruit Fruit whose seed is surrounded by three distinct layers : an exocarp , a fleshy mesocarp and an extremely hard stone , or endocarp .
Fruit whose seed is surrounded by three distinct layers : an exocarp , a fleshy mesocarp and an extremely hard stone , or endocarp .
usual terms
technical terms
section of a peach
peach
almond Structure formed by the development of a fertile ovule ; it contains an embryo and nutrient reserves that enable a new plant to grow .
Structure formed by the development of a fertile ovule ; it contains an embryo and nutrient reserves that enable a new plant to grow .
peduncle
Part of the fruit that once attached it to the terminal offshoot of the twig or branch .
Part of the fruit that once attached it to the terminal offshoot of the twig or branch .
exocarp Fruit ’s outer layer , covering the mesocarp .
Fruit ’s outer layer , covering the mesocarp .
mesocarp Plump part of the fruit , usually sweet and juicy .
Plump part of the fruit , usually sweet and juicy .
endocarp Fruit ’s interior layer that surrounds and protects the seed ; it is rough and extremely hard .
Fruit ’s interior layer that surrounds and protects the seed ; it is rough and extremely hard .
seed Structure formed by the development of a fertile ovule ; it contains an embryo and nutrient reserves that enable a new plant to grow .
germination
Structure formed by the development of a fertile ovule ; it contains an embryo and nutrient reserves that enable a new plant to grow .
seed coat Protective casing covering the embryo and the nutrients stored in the seed .
Protective casing covering the embryo and the nutrients stored in the seed .
style Visible remnant of the flower ’s style , now withered , that once connected the stigma to the ovary .
Visible remnant of the flower ’s style , now withered , that once connected the stigma to the ovary .
stone Fruit ’s interior layer that surrounds and protects the seed ; it is rough and extremely hard .
Fruit ’s interior layer that surrounds and protects the seed ; it is rough and extremely hard .
flesh Plump part of the fruit , usually sweet and juicy .
Plump part of the fruit , usually sweet and juicy .
skin Fruit ’s outer layer , covering the flesh .
Fruit ’s outer layer , covering the flesh .
Disclaimer
This blog is my personal blog and is not reflective of my employer or what I do for them .
( Corrects month that Henderson was named CEO of GM , paragraph 4 )
* GM board dismisses CEO Henderson
* GM Chairman Whitacre becomes interim CEO
* Search begins immediately for new CEO - company
By David Bailey and Soyoung Kim
DETROIT , Dec 1 ( Reuters ) - General Motors Co's [ GM.UL ] board of directors fired Chief Executive Fritz Henderson on Tuesday , saying it wanted to chart a new course as the top U.S. automaker pushes ahead with its restructuring .
GM Chairman Ed Whitacre will become interim chief executive as the automaker begins the search for Henderson 's replacement .
The ouster of Henderson , a career GM executive who became CEO just eight months ago , came after a meeting of GM's 13 - member board in Detroit .
Henderson assumed the top job at GM in March after his predecessor , Rick Wagoner , was forced out by the Obama administration as part of the U.S. government - funded restructuring of GM .
Self Improvement and Why We Must Be Resilient
Every person who has ever actively worked on self improvement and bettering themselves and their lives has suffered many setbacks .
The most successful people in the world did not become successful overnight .
They will have suffered more disappointments , setbacks and even unmitigated disasters , than most people .
Successful people will definitely have made wrong decisions and expensive mistakes , and taken wrong turns on their journey to success .
Things may have been going extremely well and they encountered events beyond their control , or made choices , which caused them to be lose everything they had built up .
It is extremely easy to try one or two things and give up if they do n’t work out .
There is no doubt that when this happens , it is easy to question our abilities and ambitions , or think we were misguided in trying to a build a better life for ourselves and our family .
Many people consider themselves failures when this happens and just retreat to their comfort zones .
However , it ’s worth remembering that he only way we can guarantee we will never fail is to never try anything .
Just think , if we never tried anything or gave up at the first or second hurdle , we would n’t be able use our computers , drive our cars , play sports – or even read , walk and talk !
Successful people are also disappointed and affected by setbacks , and get knocked down more often than most .
This may happen not once or twice , but dozens or even hundreds of times .
But successful people refuse to stay down – because they are resilient and will not be denied their dreams and goals .
Resilience is essential , and self improvement experts offer techniques that can help develop this skill .
Successful people know there are no failures because there are lessons to be learned from everything that happens to us , both good and bad .
In fact , it is usually our failures – what we learn from them and how we react to them – that build our character and determine our levels our success .
The only real failure is to give up altogether or to give up too soon .
Self Improvement Quote of the Day :
“ Our greatest glory is not in never falling , but in rising every time we fall . ” – Confucius
Self Improvement Guide Related Sites
Free guide and tips about self improvement
Free Self Improvement Guide
Build your self esteem , A starter guide to self improvement
Enjoy Your Life : Change Your Point of View
Every problem has a solution your guide to creative problem solving
Grow spiritually a guide to spiritual development
Happy as You Want to Be
Harnessing your attraction power
How natural medicine can help you
How to be genuinely happy
Its time to start a Healthy life
In the 19th and 20th centuries we made stuff : corn and steel and trucks .
Now , we make protocols : sets of instructions .
A software program is a protocol for organizing information .
A new drug is a protocol for organizing chemicals .
Wal - Mart produces protocols for moving and marketing consumer goods .
Even when you are buying a car , you are mostly paying for the knowledge embedded in its design , not the metal and glass .
A protocol economy has very different properties than a physical stuff economy .
For example , you and I ca n’t use the same piece of metal at the same time .
But you and I can use the same software program at the same time .
Physical stuff is subject to the laws of scarcity : you can use up your timber .
But it ’s hard to use up a good idea .
Prices for material goods tend toward equilibrium , depending on supply and demand .
Equilibrium does n’t really apply to the market for new ideas .
Over the past decades , many economists have sought to define the differences between the physical goods economy and the modern protocol economy .
In 2000 , Larry Summers , then the Treasury secretary , gave a speech called “ The New Wealth of Nations , ” laying out some principles .
Leading work has been done by Douglass North of Washington University , Robert Fogel of the University of Chicago , Joel Mokyr of Northwestern and Paul Romer of Stanford .
Their research is the subject of an important new book called “ From Poverty to Prosperity , ” by Arnold Kling and Nick Schulz .
From The Archives : Pinochet 's Mad Scientist Editor 's Note : Chilean Judge Alejandro Madrid has accused the dictatorship of the late Gen. Augusto Pinochet of using poison to assassinate a political rival , former President Eduardo Frei Montalva , who died after surgery in 1982 .
According to the judge ’s indictment released Monday , Pinochet operatives administered mustard gas and thallium to Frei causing his death that was explained at the time as septic shock resulting from stomach hernia operation .
Madrid charged three Pinochet associates with Frei 's murder .
Frei ’s family has long alleged that the former president was poisoned .
Their suspicions centered on a mysterious chemist , Eugenio Berrios , who developed other poisons that Pinochet ’s operatives used for political assassinations .
However , Berrios was himself murdered after fleeing to Uruguay from Chile .
In 1999 , South American journalist Samuel Blixen wrote the following article about Berrios ’s grisly fate : On Nov. 15 , 1992 , a terrified scientist -- trapped inside a white bungalow in the Uruguayan beach town of Parque del Plata -- broke a window to escape .
Chubby , in his mid-40s , the man struggled through the opening .
Email
Printer friendly
Once outside , furtively and slowly , he picked his way through the town 's streets to the local police station .
" I am a Chilean citizen , " the scientist told the police .
He pulled a folded photostatic copy of his identification papers concealed in his right shoe .
" I have been abducted by the armies of Uruguay and my country , " he claimed .
The scientist , rumpled with a graying beard , said he feared for his life .
He insisted that his murder had been ordered by Gen. Augusto Pinochet , then the chief of Chile 's army who had ruled as a dictator from 1973 to 1990 .
The motive for the execution order was the man 's anticipated testimony at a politically sensitive trial in Chile , a case that could have sent reverberations all the way to Washington , D.C. , potentially embarrassing the man who in November 1992 still sat in the White House , President George H.W. Bush .
The scientist had worked as an accomplice in a terror campaign that included the bombing deaths of Chilean dissident Orlando Letelier and an American co-worker Ronni Moffitt as they drove to work in Washington in 1976 .
That terrorist attack in America 's capital had occurred when George H.W. Bush was CIA director , despite prior warnings to the CIA about the plot .
' Unbalanced ' Chilean
The police in Parque del Plata , a beach town about 30 kilometers from Uruguay 's capital Montevideo , were n't sure what to make of the man 's convoluted tale .
A Uruguayan army officer had alerted them earlier that an " unbalanced " Chilean prisoner was on the loose .
The scientist , who had escaped from a house owned by a Uruguayan army officer , apparently was that man .
But the issue was quickly taken out of the hands of local authorities .
A half an hour after the man 's arrival , armed and uniformed Uruguayan army troops burst into the police precinct station and seized control .
At their head was the district police chief , a retired army colonel named Ramon Rivas .
Rivas ordered that the Chilean scientist be turned over to the soldiers .
The police were told that two Uruguayan army officers would then escort the scientist out of Uruguay to Brazil .
Faced with soldiers brandishing rifles , the police relented .
The scientist was led away .
From that moment , the scientist 's fate became a complex kidnap - murder mystery , with improbable twists and turns , an apparent disinformation trick , raw political power , a grisly discovery and , finally , forensic science .
The disappearance of the scientist , a biochemist named Eugenio Berrios , also has relevance to ongoing legal battles seeking to hold Pinochet accountable for thousands of human rights cases during his reign as Chile 's dictator and for an international terror campaign that hunted down opponents of the dictatorships in Chile and other South American countries in the 1970s .
The case also underscores the enduring power of right - wing military officers within the fragile democracies of South America -- and the difficulty of bringing Pinochet to justice in Chile .
Poison Gas
The mystery of Eugenio Berrios starts in 1974 when he began doing scientific research for Chile 's feared intelligence service , DINA .
Berrios worked closely with an American - born DINA agent , Michael Townley , in a clandestine unit known by the name “ Quetropilla . ”
The base of operations was a sprawling , multi - level house -- registered to Townley but purchased by DINA -- in Lo Currro , a wooded , middle - class neighborhood of Santiago , Chile .
One of Berrios 's assignments was the development of sarin gas that could be packaged in spray cans for use in assassinations .
DINA officials thought the nerve gas could create lethal symptoms that might be confused with natural causes while giving time for the assailants to escape .
The need for sophisticated murder devices grew more important for Pinochet 's intelligence teams when they turned their sights on political enemies living abroad in 1975 .
In September 1975 , DINA chief Manuel Contreras launched an international assassination project called Operation Condor , named after the powerful vulture that traverses the Andes mountains from Colombia to the Strait of Magellan .
The theory behind Condor was that enemies of South American military dictatorships should be hunted down wherever they sought refuge , whether in the nations of participating governments or elsewhere .
In October 1975 , after soliciting $ 600,000 in special funds from Pinochet , Contreras chaired the organizational meeting of Operation Condor with military intelligence chiefs from Argentina , Uruguay , Paraguay and Brazil .
After the meeting , the intelligence services stepped up their trans-national coordination .
More than 100 Chileans were rounded up and returned to Chile for execution .
Others were gunned down where they were found .
According to later testimony by DINA agent Townley , Berrios made a major contribution to the cause in April 1976 by recreating sarin , a poisonous nerve gas first invented by the Nazis during World War II .
Townley said the original plan for assassinating Orlando Letelier -- who had been foreign minister under Chile 's leftist elected government of Salvador Allende , who was overthrown and killed in Pinochet 's 1973 coup -- was to use a female operative to seduce the debonair former diplomat and then administer a liquid form of sarin concealed in a Chanel perfume bottle .
But Berrios also supplied the operation with explosive devices in case the nerve gas proved unworkable .
In September 1976 , Townley entered the United States on an official Chilean passport with a false name .
He contacted anti-Castro Cubans and recruited their help in hunting down Letelier , a vocal critic of Pinochet .
When the Cubans refused to participate unless the Chileans had a direct role in the assassination , Townley switched from poison to a car bomb .
The assassins traveled to Washington where the exiled Letelier lived and worked at a left - of - center think tank , the Institute for Policy Studies .
They planted the bomb under Letelier 's car and followed Letelier as he and two American associates drove to the IPS offices on Sept. 21 , 1976 .
As the car proceeded past the ornate buildings of Embassy Row on Massachusetts Avenue , the assassins detonated the bomb .
Letelier and one American , Ronni Moffitt , died in the blast .
Moffitt 's husband was wounded .
Bush 's CIA Despite official requests , George H.W. Bush 's CIA provided little help unraveling the mystery .
Only later would authorities discover that the CIA director 's office received a warning about the Townley operation but failed to stop it .
[ For details , see Robert Parry 's Secrecy & Privilege . ]
Still , the FBI and federal prosecutors managed to uncover Operation Condor and break the Letelier case .
Extradited to the United States , Townley agreed to plead guilty , serve a short prison sentence and enter a federal witness protection program .
But progress in bringing to justice the architects of the terror campaign was much slower , given Pinochet 's continued hold on power through 1990 .
Long - term U.S. pressure , however , finally led to criminal charges in Chile against former DINA chief Contreras .
Berrios , who continued to work on assassination schemes even after Townley 's arrest , emerged as a prospective witness .
In October 1991 , a Chilean judge called Berrios to testify .
The move sent chills through the Chilean military establishment .
It became important for DINA to get Berrios beyond the reach of the Chilean court .
That month , Capt .
Carlos Herrera Jiminez , a former intelligence officer , escorted Berrios from Santiago on a clandestine trip through the Andes to Argentina .
To hide Berrios , the old Condor network quickly reasserted itself .
From Buenos Aires , Uruguayan counterintelligence chief , Lt. Col. Thomas Casella , coordinated Berrios ’s move to Uruguay .
There , Berrios and Herrara holed up in a Montevideo apartment rented by Casella , who frequently had trained with the Chilean military .
But complications continued to arise .
In February 1992 , while on a trip to Buenos Aires , Capt .
Herrara was arrested on an Interpol warrant connecting him to another assassination plot .
That forced other Chilean agents to take charge of Berrios in Uruguay .
Berrios was becoming a burden -- as well as a risk -- to Chile 's intelligence services .
Gen. Emilio Timmerman , a military officer at the Chilean embassy in Montevideo , assumed the Berrios duty .
But Timmerman complained to an embassy cultural attaché , Emilio Rojas , that " it is costing us too much money . "
Timmerman , who later became second - in - command of the Chilean army , also was growing nervous .
Timmerman ordered Rojas to keep his mouth shut about Berrios 's whereabouts , the cultural attaché said later .
By November 1992 , Berrios realized that his Chilean superiors might want him silenced -- as the safest and cheapest alternative to a long exile .
He apparently overheard his captors discussing Pinochet ’s orders for them to eliminate the scientist .
A Disappearance So , on Nov. 15 , 1992 , Berrios climbed through the broken window of the white bungalow and fled to the precinct station at Parque del Plata .
He begged the police to protect him , but the escape was cut short by the intervention of Uruguayan troops .
Berrios disappeared .
Exactly what happened next remains a mystery .
Senior Uruguayan officials only learned about the November 1992 police confrontation the next June from an anonymous caller .
The discovery of the abduction touched off a political crisis inside the Uruguayan government where the army still wielded great power .
Uruguayan President Luis Alberto Lacalle was in Great Britain when the story broke .
He immediately ducked out of a reception at the Uruguayan embassy in London and flew back to Montevideo .
There , Lacalle met with 14 of the 16 generals heading the armed forces .
After four hours of tough negotiations and threats from 12 generals , Lacalle backed down to avoid a new military challenge to the civilian government .
The president relented on his initial inclination to impose severe sanctions against the intelligence services .
Lacalle did fire the police chief , Rivas , but agreed only to transfer the head of military intelligence , Mario Aguerrondo .
As for Berrios 's fate , Col. Casella , who had supplied an apartment for hiding Berrios , reported that Berrios had gone to Brazil .
The colonel assured the government that he had talked to Berrios by phone at the end of November 1992 , weeks after his disappearance .
There were public doubts that Berrios was still alive .
But another assurance about Berrios 's well - being surfaced in Europe .
The Uruguayan consulate in Milan received an anonymous letter supposedly signed by Berrios and a photo of him holding a recent issue of the Milan newspaper , Il Messagiero .
President Lacalle , seeking political peace with Uruguay 's military , announced that " Berrios is not in Uruguay .
He is somewhere else . "
That made the Berrios mystery " a Chilean matter " again , the Uruguayan president declared .
At the end of the crisis , Uruguay ’s foreign minister Sergio Abreu met with the Chilean ambassador and bluntly admitted that Lacalle had no choice but to “ doblar el pescuezo ” -- “ let it go . ”
If President Lacalle pursued sanctions against powerful figures in the military , the 12 generals had threatened another military coup , the foreign minister said .
Chile ’s ambassador cabled that news back to Santiago , according to a cable that I later obtained .
For Uruguay , the Berrios case was closed -- or so the authorities thought .
Grisly Discovery
The Berrios case resurfaced , quite literally , in April 1995 when two fishermen found a man 's decomposed body partially buried at a beach in El Pinar , another resort town about 25 kilometers from Montevideo .
The body had broken bones suggesting torture , was wrapped in wire , and had two .45 - calibre bullet holes in the back of the neck and head .
Forensic doctors used new research techniques to reconstruct the victim 's face .
The face looked remarkably like Berrios .
DNA tests were ordered on the remains with comparisons made against genetic samples from Berrios 's relatives .
In early 1996 , forensic specialists concluded , with near certainty , that the dead man was Berrios .
They also placed the date of his death as the first half of March 1993 , just four months after his abduction .
The findings contradicted the June 1993 photograph -- which presumably had been composed using computer graphics to insert a current issue of the Italian newspaper into the photo .
But the timing of Berrios 's death added yet another side to the mystery .
In March 1993 , Pinochet had made a personal visit to Uruguay accompanied by 12 bodyguards and with Col. Casella joining his entourage .
In Uruguay , there were suspicions that Pinochet might have used the visit to confront Berrios one more time about his knowledge and then eliminate him .
But few observers in either Uruguay or Chile believe that those civilian governments were strong enough -- or determined enough -- to follow the Berrios case and others to clear answers .
The nations of Operation Condor remained in the grip of the vulture ’s powerful claws .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
" Mathematics links Art and Science in one great enterprise , the human attempt to make sense of the universe . "
So writes Abel Prizewinner and Fields Medalist Sir Michael F. Atiyah in the January 2010 Notices of the American Mathematical Society .
The theme of the issue is creativity in mathematics .
Mathematicians have always felt a strong creative aspect in their subject , but only in recent years has the flowering of connections between mathematics and the arts made this aspect apparent to the general public .
The collection of three articles in the Notices , together with Atiyah 's short introductory piece , explore some of the various ways in which art and beauty appear in mathematics .
Mathematics and Mime
In " Envisioning the Invisible " , Tim Chartier describes how the performing arts can be used to capture mathematical concepts in a visceral way that audiences can really connect with .
Chartier is a mathematician and also a mime ; he trained with the legendary Marcel Marceau .
In one of Chartier 's mime sketches , he gets the audience to visualize the one - dimensional number line as a rope of infinite length .
The sketch begins with the lone mime walking toward the audience and suddenly stumbling .
Peering down , he sees an ( invisible ) object on the floor and proceeds to slowly pick it up .
Examining it , he discovers a rope of infinite length in both directions .
He then engages in a tug - of - war with the rope and eventually cuts it into two , prompting the audience to ponder questions about the nature of infinity .
In addition to describing several such mime pieces he performs ( some of them together with his wife , who is also a trained mime ) , Chartier discusses the work of other mathematicians who work in such performing arts as dance , theater , juggling , and magic .
Mathematics and Music
The strong affinity between mathematics and music is the subject of " Music : Broken Symmetry , Geometry , and Complexity " , by Gary W. Don , Karyn K. Muir , Gordon B. Volk , and James S. Walker .
Among the questions explored in the article are : Does Louis Armstrong 's voice sound like his trumpet ?
What do Ludwig van Beethoven , Benny Goodman , and Jimi Hendrix have in common ?
How does the brain sometimes fool us when we listen to music , and how have composers used such illusions ?
Is it possible to objectively describe the connection between pitch and rhythm in melodies ?
Is it possible to objectively describe the complexity of musical rhythm ?
How can math help create new music ?
Mathematics and Visual Art
In " The Life and Survival of Mathematical Ideas " , Michael F. Barnsley discusses how a specific mathematical topic , that of iterated function systems , can be viewed as a " creative system " :
The forms emerging from this system are fractals .
His article is illustrated with many arresting computer - generated pictures that are true works of art , including some he has sold in art shows .
Barnsley explains his notion of a " creative system " , which is a system that possesses a core stable form ( DNA ) , a fertile environment , a determination to survive , and random stimuli .
" The mind of a mathematician " , he argues , " provides a locus for creative systems , a place where mathematical structures live and evolve . "
He makes a parallel between biological forms , such as plants , and mathematical forms .
An example of mathematical forms are the geometric building blocks of points , lines , and planes ; their " DNA " consists of the equations that describe points , lines , and planes .
The forms evolve and adapt as they are passed on through generations of mathematicians ' minds .
By serendipity , the article on music by Don et al employs some of Barnsely 's work on fractal images to produce new music .
Using Barnsley 's Iterated Function Systems formulas , the authors created fractal images of a fern and of Sierpinski 's triangle and used these images to create notes for musical compositions --- so the " scores " were computer images rather than the usual musical scores .
This connection between the two articles shows how the power of abstraction in mathematics makes it a fertile source for artistic expression .
More information : www.ams.org/
Source : American Mathematical Society
Explore further Proof by computer : Harnessing the power of computers to verify mathematical proofs
Higher concentrations of bisphenol A — a common ingredient in plastics found in products ranging from polyester to water bottles — have been linked to heart disease , according to a new follow - up study .
A similar study was performed by the same team in 2008 using older data from a survey conducted by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
" Our analysis of the [ earlier data ] was rightly treated with caution ; it was the first ever report of these links , " says epidemiologist Richard Melzer of the Peninsula Medical School in England , an author of both studies , the latest one published Tuesday in PLoS ONE .
" Associations with heart disease were clearly present again . "
Analyzing urine results collected , also by the CDC , from 2,605 U.S. subjects of all ages , the researchers found that higher levels of bisphenol A ( BPA ) were associated with coronary heart disease , again .
Roughly 10 percent of men aged 60 or older who were among the top third in BPA concentrations developed cardiovascular disease compared with roughly 7 percent of similarly aged men with the lowest BPA concentrations , a difference that was statistically significant .
" Given the obvious concern that BPA might be driving these health effects , we now need to clarify the mechanism behind these associations , " Melzer says .
One possibility is offered by a 2008 study in Environmental Health Perspectives , which found that human fat tissue exposed in culture to BPA showed suppressed levels of adiponectin , a human hormone excreted by fat cells that controls sugar levels in the blood .
And another study that year found BPA stored in the fat tissue of women and children in Spain .
" Decreased adiponectin , if it happens in vivo , appears to be a bad thing and could result in increased heart disease , " says environmental health scientist Richard Stahlhut of the University of Rochester Medical Center , who was not involved in the research .
" So this could be real if [ these studies ] are right . "
To determine that will require further research , such as testing BPA exposure and adiponectin levels , and whether high concentrations of BPA predict subsequent onset of new disease .
And there are other candidates for the mechanism behind the link .
" The animal and cell work suggest a number of possibilities , including disruption of sex hormone signaling , changes in adiponectin release , oxidative damage , and direct effects on muscle cells , " Melzer says .
But " this new analysis shows that the trends are present repeatedly .
This greatly strengthens doubts about the safety of BPA and the case for research . "
BPA is a ubiquitous component in many plastics , including the form of polycarbonate used to make products such as water and baby bottles , sports equipment , medical and dental devices , and eyeglass lenses .
The compound is also used to make epoxy resins that coat the insides of food and beverage cans .
More than one million metric tons of the polymer is made in the U.S. alone each year .
Human exposure is thought to result from eating or drinking contaminated food and beverages that have picked up BPA from plastic containers or plastic container liners .
It remains unclear how long BPA lingers in the body , a topic Stahlhut has researched , finding that it can still be detected in human urine even after 24 hours of fasting .
Already , both the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and U.S. Food and Drug Administration have undertaken new reviews of BPA safety , although the FDA has missed several deadlines for its new report .
Countries such as Canada and states including Minnesota have banned BPA in products such as baby bottles because infant exposure could be more dangerous .
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 's National Toxicology Program has classified BPA as of " some concern " for " development of toxicity in fetuses , infants and children — with effects on the brain , behavior and the prostate gland , " warning in a report that " the possibility that bisphenol A may alter human development cannot be dismissed . "
For now , U.S. scientists with concerns about BPA recommend that anyone sharing those worries avoid using products made from it : Polycarbonate plastic can be clear or colored , and is typically marked with a " number 7 " on the bottom , and canned foods such as soups can be purchased in cartons instead .
But the data in this latest study also revealed something puzzling : falling levels of BPA in urine when 2006 measurements were compared with 2004 ; concentrations decreased from an average of 2.49 to 1.79 nanograms per milliliter .
" There do n't seem to have been any changes in assay methods used by the labs at CDC Atlanta , " Melzer notes .
" BPA in baby 's bottles has been very controversial and we speculate that manufacturers may be switching to other plastics for use involving food and beverages . "
And it may be that the link between BPA and heart disease is merely correlation and not causation .
" Could there be a reason why heart disease patients or diabetics or even just obesity maybe would get exposed to higher levels of BPA than the rest of us ? "
Stahlhut asks .
" Replication is not very sexy , but it is important … .
It makes it more likely that we have a real association .
It does n't address whether or not the association is causal , just that it 's not as likely due to chance . "
1UP 's Retro Gaming
Blog is celebrating the twentieth anniversary of the original Nintendo Game Boy this week with a series of personal reflection articles that are soaked in nostalgia and warm fuzzy memories .
Longtime PTB readers know that I love that sort of game - related writing , as everybody has their own unique story to tell .
Do yourself a favor and read through the 1UP crew 's happy recollections and rediscoveries .
And as long as I 'm pointing you at Game Boy love , let me direct you to an article I wrote for GameCube Advanced nearly five years ago in which I dig into the little system 's library and hold up the ten best and five worst games in Game Boy history based on my own experiences .
It 's Game Boy : Best of the Best .
There 's also a piece I wrote about the bulletproof case that my father turned into a fantastic complete one - of - a- kind Game Boy carrying case .
It 's part of the A Boy 's Memories roundtable discussion also from the old GameCube Advanced days .
Then there 's
The Handheld Games of Summer in which I reminisce about the annual tradition of choosing a new Game Boy game to accompany me in the backseat of the car during childhood family road trips .
Finally , there 's the Secret Origin tale of the day I bought Gremlins 2 : The New Batch and faced a difficult decision .
I loved that little gray Nintendo brick as a kid and young teen , wonky Light Boy magnifier peripheral and all .
I only wish it still worked as well today as the day I first slipped Super Mario Land into it in 1989 .
The LCD screen suffers from an excess of vertical columns of dark dead pixels that make gameplay a crushingly difficult task .
Nevertheless , there 's no way that I 'm giving it up or disposing of it .
That Game Boy has been to more places than some people ever have .
About | Join | Story | Gameplay | Features | Video | Screen Shots
J O I N T H E B E T A
The Alpha has closed down and the Beta will open the 7th of January , Until then only existing registerd Alpha players will be able to play the Beta .
I was sitting on the deck overlooking the Red Sea .
Israeli security officers ( most who looked around 18 years old ) had completed around two hours of questioning and searching me .
They had pressed every sock and scarf with a security device , ripped open soap and had me strip extra layers .
They asked me tons of questions –where are you going ?
Who do you know ?
Do you have a boyfriend ?
Is he Arab , Egyptian , Palestinian ?
Why do you live in Egypt ?
Why not Israel ?
What do you know about the ‘ conflict ’ here ?
What do you think ?
They quized me on Judaism , which I know nothing about .
Then they asked me to wait .
Since they had asked for friends and families phone numbers I assumed they might be calling to verify my answers to questions or confirm I really had extended family in Tel Aviv .
An announcement played over the sound system , interrupting my break in the sunshine .
First in Hebrew , then Arabic , then in English .
It was something along the lines of , ” do not to be alarmed by gunshots because the Israeli security needs to blow up suspicious passanger luggage . ”
I went inside to check on my bag .
I had left it unattended , where they instructed .
It was still there so I went back outside .
Moments later a man came outside and introduced himself as the manager on duty .
And then , “ I ’m sorry but we had to blow up your laptop . ”
What ….all my client case notes and testimony , writing , pictures , music and applications .
Years of work .
NO !!!!
What ??
Are you insane ??
What were you thinking ?
THAT’S ALL MY WORK !?
After much yelling , crying and frantic phone dialing ( do n’t be alarmed if I called you repeatedly this morning ) , he took me outside to see the wreckage .
It turned out it had n’t been quite blown up , but rather shot through with three bullets .
We were able to extract the hard drive , seemingly unscaved .
Thank goodness …
Security had never asked for my password .
Was it my peeling Arabic stickers on the keyboard ?
Or something else during the questioning which set them off ?
Toward the beginning of the search an officer began clicking through the photos on my camera .
She froze on a picture of graffiti , which read “ Fuck ” scrawled next to the Jewish star of David .
“ Why do you have this picture ? ”
She asked me rather aggressively .
“ Because I was disturbed by it too , ” I answered .
She did n’t press the subject but continued clicking … presumably looking at pictures from a photo exhibit about Israel ’s January attack of Gaza .
Though I usually delete all my pictures when uploading , unluckily I had clicked save rather than delete when uploading this set and never got around to manually deleting on my camera .
Whoops …
Among other suspicious item ; an Arabic phrasebook , a journal entry that mentioned a Palestinian ( yes , they even flipped through my journal ) , stamps from Syria , Qatar and the UAE , Palestinians in Palestine guidebook , and a map a friend had drawn with a main street in Jerusalem , the central bus station and my intended hostel .
“ Who are you meeting there ? ” They asked me .
Anyway I am in Jerusalem .
Years of my life and my RLAP work is not destroyed .
* sigh * .
Insha’allah I will like Israel better tomorrow … .
—
Medical science ’s expanding knowledge of the human genome has opened a promising new field of “ personalized ” therapeutics tailored to patients ’ genetic makeup .
But researchers do n’t have complete freedom to explore human genes .
According to the Hastings Center , a bioethics think tank , 3,000 to 5,000 patents have been issued on various gene sequences .
Proponents claim that those patents are advancing the cause of personalized medicine , but the American Civil Liberties Union says they have the opposite effect .
This month , U.S. District Judge Robert W. Sweet is scheduled to hear arguments in a case pitting the ACLU -- joined by scientists and cancer patients -- against the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and Myriad Genetics , a company that holds patents to two human genes linked to breast and ovarian cancer .
At stake is whether any human gene or test based on it can be covered by a patent .
The civil libertarians make a compelling argument that genetic material is nature ’s work , not man ’s , and that the sort of patent granted to Myriad could be used to slow medical advancements by limiting access to crucial research tools and data .
But gene patents raise important questions of policy that Congress should decide , rather than just legal issues for judges to settle .
Patents , like other forms of intellectual property , grant inventors a temporary monopoly over their creations .
That ’s a lot of power , but supporters of the patent system say it is justified by the incentive it provides to develop new medicines , breakthrough technologies and other advanced products .
The flip side , though , is that the control wielded by patent holders can deter others from pushing innovations further and applying them in unexpected ways .
According to the patent office , patents can be obtained for “ practically everything which is made by man and the processes for making the products , ” but not naturally occurring substances .
The office has carved out an exception , however , for genetic sequences that are isolated , purified and put to a novel use .
That ’s what Myriad did with BRCA1 and 2 -- it managed to extract from a chromosome the unique sequence of nucleotide bases that constitute each gene , then strip off all the cellular material attached to it .
Myriad used the isolated genes to develop tests that could determine whether a patient has BRCA1 and 2 or selected mutations .
Advertisement
The tests are important because the BRCA1 and 2 genes are involved in the body ’s natural defenses against tumors , and women who have damaged versions of those genes are significantly more vulnerable to breast and ovarian cancers .
Myriad ’s patents give it a monopoly over the tests ; only labs that have obtained a license from the company can perform them .
Researchers who support the ACLU ’s lawsuit say Myriad ’s patents stop them not only from conducting the tests but from doing more research into the genes ’ links to breast cancer and other diseases .
Lawyers for the ACLU and the Public Patent Foundation contend that gene patents violate the Constitution , which empowers Congress to grant monopolies over inventions “ to promote the progress of science and useful arts . ”
If that ’s the goal , they argue , it defeats the purpose to allow companies such as Myriad to patent a gene sequence .
All scientific patents have this potential -- the question is whether the incentives created by the patents would lead to more advancements than if there were no such incentives .
In the case of gene patents , the ACLU argues , the answer is a resounding no -- limiting access to gene sequences delays the development of new genetic tests and , potentially , the relevant treatments .
The plaintiffs also contest the patents that cover Myriad ’s tests , arguing that correlating a naturally occurring gene to a naturally occurring condition amounts to nothing more than observing a law of nature .
Myriad says it has encouraged researchers to continue exploring the BRCA genes because their work makes the patents more valuable .
The more that ’s discovered about the genes ’ correlation to disease , the more useful its tests become .
Myriad also argues that without patent protection , companies wo n’t invest the millions of dollars needed to persuade doctors to use novel genetic tests and insurers to pay for them .
In other words , patents promote investment in the scientific exploration that leads to medical breakthroughs .
The public clearly benefits from the investments that private companies make in genetic research .
But it does n’t necessarily follow that barring patents for gene sequences would lead to fewer breakthroughs on genes and their correlations with disease .
There is a virtually insatiable demand for better diagnostic tools and more efficient and effective treatments .
The amount we know about health and disease pales in comparison to what we do n’t know .
This demand for advancement provides a powerful incentive for companies to seek their fortunes in discoveries .
Even if a gene ca n’t be patented , its discovery can lead to diagnostic and treatment techniques that can be .
Advertisement
That ’s a policy choice , though , not a legal issue .
It amounts to a judgment call about whether it ’s right to give a company control over access to essential pieces of information about the body ’s natural programming , and whether it makes sense to trust that company to share the information freely with researchers and license it widely to competitors .
On both of those questions , we think the answer is no .
Rep. Xavier Becerra ( D - Los Angeles ) proposed a bill in 2007 that would bar gene patents , but it never made it out of a House Judiciary subcommittee .
He ’s on the right track , and he should try again .
Unlike a broader patent reform measure pending in the Senate , Becerra ’s narrowly targeted proposal would n’t reduce all inventors ’ leverage against manufacturers .
Nor would it undermine the biotechnology or pharmaceutical industries -- in fact , it could help them do the research needed to develop their products .
The bill ’s primary effect would be to leave the creators of genetic tests without the monopoly they now enjoy to protect the investments they make in marketing .
But businesses that merely reproduce what nature creates should n’t have that luxury .
Why a rotating house ?
The idea was born when our neighbours were expounding the virtues of their new home and commented that if they could start again they would orientate the house 15 degrees more to the north .
Deb said , " Would n’t it be handy to have a house that could move ? "
Did you know ?
... to build an Everingham Rotating House ™ it is comparable in cost to building a conventional house of similar size and level of appointment .
Android is an operating system or an OS , that is owned by Google , a consumer favorite , and used to operate phones .
It ’s every other phone service ’s answer to Apple ’s operating system and the ever popular iPhone .
Google has an agreement with Verizon to enable new Verizon phones to run on this network but Verizon is not the only phone company to use this operating system .
Sprint also uses Android in conjunction with its Now Network and T - moblie as well as AT&T have phones out that are using this system , too .
Kyocera is coming out with a phone on the Adroid operating system next year .
As with many other operating systems , whether on phones or on computers , one of the must - haves for the system is the ability to play games .
Since Android is the answer to the iPhone , the ability to use applications , or apps , is very important .
Apps can be anything from something very useful in a person ’s every day life – like the ability to turn the phone into a giant alarm clock to something that is played with just for fun – like the Android application Mahjong Solitare , which is in 3 - D and is a calming puzzle game that is a classic computer game .
Due to the great difference in types ; there is a very large selection of applications .
Listed below are some of the best according to users of the Android operating system .
Breadcrumbz
Breadcrumbz seems to be a favorite and people who are better at understanding visual directions than written ones will love this application .
Breadcrumbz gives the user picture - based routes when they input directions .
Much like Google Maps , only in pictures .
An example of this in use would be the application telling the user to turn left at the big maple tree instead of saying “ turn left from I - 16 onto I - 95 ” .
The application also has a fun and interesting feature which allows friends of the users to make routes and record them for the user with the built in camera and GPS system .
ShopSavvy
ShopSavvy is another very useful Android application , much like Breadcrumbz only for an entirely different reason .
It allows the user to take a picture of the bar code of an item who ’s price they would like to compare to the price of that same item at a different store .
ShopSavvy gives the best prices online as well as nearby stores .
The application also tells which store has the cheapest price and , if it is local , where it is in relation to where the consumer is .
Two other applications that do basically the same thing are CompareEverywhere and GoCart , though GoCart does not have the GPS that CompareEverywhere and ShopSavvy share .
IM with Android
For those who love to IM , also known as instant message , it is important to know what applications will allow for this type of action .
Hi AIM is a fairly straight - forward and basic client for Android which supports the AIM buddy list and smileys .
Meebo IM is essentially a one - stop shop for any instant messaging service both online and , apparently , on the Android interface .
Not only will it allow a user to sign into clients like AIM , MSN , Yahoo , MySpace IM , Google Talk , Jabber , and ICQ but it automatically saves the chat history and allows it to be accessed anywhere as long as the user has an account with Meebo .
Social Networking on Android
Likewise , for those who Twitter , the Android application Twidroid was the first fully functioning Twitter client application .
It features photo posting , location support , auto - completion , and a notification system of twitter buzz from the user ’s Twitter feed .
Similarly , Myspace Mobile allows users to keep up with what is happening on the popular social network Myspace .
With this application , the user would be able to browse Myspace as if they were sitting at a computer .
Opposite of Myspace is Facebook and the free application Fbabble allows the user to keep up with status messages and the going - ons of friends off of Facebook .
In addition to this , the application allows the user to upload photos , change status messages , and chat in real time .
Android Games
The Android operating system is n’t just known for its usefulness , there are many games which allow a user to escape into a no doubt far more interesting activity .
One of these games happens to be Robot Defense , which is essentially a tower defense game involving robots .
A tower defense game gives the user a set amount of lives and then the user is placed up against an enemy after being weapons in this case , a gun tower , a rocket tower , and a slowing tower .
The user then sets up these weapons strategically in such a way as to allow the fewest lives to be lost throughout the game .
Tower defense games , in general , can be time consuming but ultimately rewarding .
A popular computer game known as Bejeweled made the switch to the Android OS and has proven as popular on a cellphone as it is on a computer .
In Bejeweled , the Blitz mode of which is a very popular game on Facebook , one is given a “ box ” full of gems and is asked to place them either vertically or horizontally in groups of three or more with extra items being given if they are able to get the gems in rows of four or five .
The only complaint about Bejeweled that one can really make is that it is not a free application .
Cooking Capsules is a game that can be both fun and practical , making it a wonderful combination application for the Android operating system interface .
After watching a short video , usually under three minutes long , the user may then shop for the products that they will need to make their dish .
Then the user will be able to make their dish with step - by - step directions .
It can be particularly useful when making dinner as it gives the user the exact amount of each item that they would need depending on serving size and then the application gives very precise directions , which makes fixing dinner easier on the busy people of today .
The Lost Prestige of Nuclear Physics
N. J. Slabbert
By the second quarter of the twentieth century , one of the world ’s most revered figures was a long - haired , somewhat rumpled European refugee .
His public persona combined a Gandhi - like saintliness with the awesome impression that his sleepy - looking , baggy eyes gazed not on the everyday world of ordinary mortals but into far vistas of space and time unseen by others .
This suggestion of contact with transcendent reality was central to Albert Einstein ’s charisma .
It arose from his success in opening the door of human imagination to previously unknown concepts of time and space .
This new understanding of the cosmos displaced models of space developed by Euclid and Newton .
It also had a subtler texture than theirs ; Einstein ’s cosmos is the domain of the subatomically small , in which previously assumed distinctions between matter and energy become blurred .
Many other mathematicians , physicists , and chemists also contributed to the discovery of the new geometry and the revised notions of matter .
But Einstein became the iconic face of the intellectual reformation of the early atomic age , when physics supplanted biology atop the list of disciplines seen as capable of revolutionizing human knowledge .
In the late nineteenth century , the theory of biological evolution was considered the leading edge of insight into the relationship between the human species and the basic structure of the cosmos .
The impact of Darwinism formed only part of this intellectual marketing coup : it was also a result of the campaigning of popularizers like Herbert Spencer , whose bestselling books presented biological evolution as the closest thing humanity had to a mirror reflecting the fundamental texture of physical reality .
With the rise of Einstein , the preeminence of biology came to an end , and the new physics came to be seen as the pinnacle of man ’s effort to know reality .
Moreover , the status thus conferred on physicists was not merely scientific ; it seemed to an awed public that Einstein and the nuclear physicists , by peering and penetrating into the structure and stuff of the universe , had attained not just factual knowledge but moral wisdom , too — a perception that contributed significantly to Einstein ’s aura of detached saintliness .
While nuclear physics enjoyed this marvelous public image , professionals and professors from other disciplines — from architecture to social science — began to write their papers and publications in such a way that they would sound as if they had been written , if not by physicists , then by practitioners very like them .
But in the second half of the century this high ground of public adulation was lost .
Fields like computer science and genetics overtook physics as the most respected and charismatic exemplars of scientific advance .
Theatrical films , television dramas , comic books , novels , and other media began to promote an image of atomic science as a dangerous tool of sinister interests — corrupt politicians , cynical industrialists , and evil ( or at least irresponsible ) scientists — aiming to impose nuclear technologies on the world while recklessly ignoring the threats of war , terrorism , and contamination .
The story of nuclear physics is one of the most remarkable marketing disasters in intellectual history .
In the space of a few decades , the public perception of the atom ’s promise to serve humanity , and the international admiration that surrounded the many brilliant people who unraveled the mysteries of matter , had collapsed .
So pronounced was the erosion of attitudes toward nuclear physics that , by the late 1990s , several European physicists felt it necessary to establish an organization called Public Awareness of Nuclear Science for the explicit purpose of improving the public image of their discipline .
Einstein ’s personal legend , however , seems untainted .
Time magazine anointed him “ Person of the Century ” in 1999 , when an opinion poll indicated that the five twentieth - century figures whom Americans most admired were Mother Teresa , Martin Luther King , Jr. , President John F. Kennedy , Helen Keller , and Einstein .
Of course , Einstein did not himself build any nuclear power stations or atomic bombs , or contribute directly to them ; his work addressed the theoretical basis of physics rather than its applications .
Indeed , after the Second World War , Einstein added his voice to those of Bertrand Russell , Albert Schweitzer , and others to urge an end to further nuclear arms development .
On the other hand , it was a letter from Einstein to Franklin D. Roosevelt that had famously preceded the Manhattan Project .
The letter warned the president that Hitler ’s scientists might be developing a nuclear weapon and that the U.S. government should interest itself in American work being done on the subject .
Since much momentum toward the development of nuclear weapons was already gathering , there is good reason to believe that this letter bore as much relation to the initiation of the Manhattan Project as a ceremonial drum major ’s baton does to a parade along a predetermined route .
But its symbolic importance at the time , given Einstein ’s renown , can hardly be doubted .
Furthermore , Einstein ’s own body of scientific work was , if not the direct source of nuclear innovation , then at least the vital foundation to its development and practical application .
So there is a sense in which Einstein is inseparable from the development of nuclear technology .
How , then , has the persona of Einstein escaped the cloud that has descended on the rest of the nuclear enterprise ?
And if there is good reason to try to restore the stature of this enterprise , how might it be done ?
To begin to answer these questions , we must first come to understand why and how nuclear physics has fallen so astonishingly into disrepute .
Mushroom Cloud Memories
Some reasons for nuclear science ’s loss of public prestige are fairly obvious — the awful things that have been identified with nuclear technology since the dropping of the atom bombs that ended World War II .
The mushroom cloud , recalling the devastated Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , has become a charged cultural emblem , resonant with moral anguish deeply imprinted on the American national psyche .
The ethical perplexity generated by the possession of such vast power was compounded during the Cold War by dread :
In the Fifties and Sixties , Americans lived under a palpable threat of annihilation by the Soviet nuclear arsenal .
The collective remembrance of the reality and immediacy of nuclear fear has faded as the Cold War has receded in time — so , for example , popular memory has all but forgotten the time when American homes were equipped with bomb shelters in which survivors were intended to wait through the diminution of lethal radiation after their neighborhoods had been obliterated .
It is difficult for those who did not live through that era to imagine the pervasiveness of its fears ; only the post - September 11 anxiety over potential terrorist attacks comes close to the sense of dread that accompanied , for example , the Cuban Missile Crisis .
Although bomb shelters were a notable feature of American life around 1960 , cultural references to them were more or less gone from American discourse a scant decade later .
In a 1970 article in Esquire , Roy Bongartz noted that the shelter phenomenon somehow already “ seems very far away from us , as remote as the French Maginot Line of the Thirties ....
The great shelter boom , although well within range of the childhood memories of our newest teenagers , is dead as a mackerel and gone from our minds . ”
In the early twenty - first century it is even harder to find much recollection in popular culture of that segment of American history .
It is as if those extraordinary national terrors have been scissored out of the communal consciousness .
Which is n’t to say that our popular culture has refrained from portraying our nuclear unease , albeit indirectly .
There has long been a flourishing industry that turns visions of apocalypse into profitable books , motion pictures , video games , and other entertainment products , from doomsday novels and films like Neville Shute ’s On the Beach ( 1957 ) and Stanley Kubrick ’s Dr. Strangelove ( 1964 ) to the many other science - fiction movies set after a nuclear Armageddon .
Meanwhile , starting in the Sixties , Marvel Comics created a vast mythology in which nuclear phenomena did not annihilate the world but rather created a new generation of American superheroes : an incarnation of a youthful Everyman who obtained spider - like powers as a result of a nuclear accident ; a good man who , in a fusion of the stories of Frankenstein , the Golem , and Dr. Jekyll , was transformed periodically into a being of incalculable power after exposure to the radiation of an atomic blast ; a team of researchers who acquired abnormalities of ability and appearance when their scientific work caused them to be bombarded by radiation ; a man involved in an accident with nuclear materials that left him blind but gave him preternaturally heightened senses that more than compensated for his lack of vision ; and a group of teenagers for whom the specter of mutation , one of the most terrifying sources of speculation related to radiation , was instead a benignly natural process that produced not deformed monsters but a superior strain of humanity , led by a noble scientist whose mental abilities were enhanced because of his father ’s involvement in early U.S. nuclear experiments .
( Namely : Spider - Man , the Hulk , the Fantastic Four , Daredevil , the X - Men , and Professor X. )
Marvel and its imitators came to use this nuclear folklore as a tapestry within which to weave discussions of moral issues ranging from war and race relations to poverty and drug abuse .
Whatever the merits or limitations of the comic book as an art form , these stories clearly tapped veins of popular American sentiment .
Conflicting Visions
The public disfavor toward nuclear physics has not just grown out of fears of nuclear warfare and devastation .
It is also connected to a broader wave of skepticism about science and technology beginning in the middle of the last century , which should itself be understood in relation to a recurring strain of dissatisfaction with modern life .
To better understand this dissatisfaction , consider its opposite , the technological optimism embodied by Herman Kahn .
Kahn ( 1922 -1983 ) was a scholar of systems theory , military strategy , and nuclear weapons policy at the RAND Corporation , an independent think tank established by the U.S. military after World War II .
He recognized the great difficulty felt not only by the general public , but also by intellectuals and policymakers , in thinking and talking openly and objectively about nuclear technologies and nuclear war .
He called it “ thinking about the unthinkable . ”
Kahn ’s book On Thermonuclear War ( 1960 ) was shocking in that it plainly discussed the prospect of a nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union , described such a war as survivable , and systematically projected various steps for survival .
That Kahn could write about these scenarios seriously — in learned prose and with technical clarity — was to some observers as appalling as if a respectable professor had suddenly published a treatise calling for the legalization of cannibalism .
Kahn ’s views made him a target of invective and ridicule for years to come .
The mathematician James R. Newman , writing in Scientific American in 1961 , asked :
Is there really a Herman Kahn ?
It is hard to believe .
Doubts cross one ’s mind almost from the first page of this deplorable book : no one could write like this ; no one could think like this .
Perhaps the whole thing is a staff hoax in bad taste .... This evil and tenebrous book , with its loose - lipped pieties and its hayfoot - strawfoot logic , is permeated with a bloodthirsty irrationality such as I have not seen in my years of reading .
This extraordinary moral condemnation in a scientific magazine ’s review of a scholarly work — and the magazine ’s subsequent refusal to allow Kahn to respond in either an article or a published letter to the editor — shows the extent to which the engagement of nuclear issues had become tied to philosophy and ideology .
Kahn ’s startling willingness to discuss the most unsettling aspects of nuclear power may have been the most sensational feature of his work , but its more telling component was its philosophical subtext about the links between technology and American institutions .
It is this subtext that connects Kahn with the intellectual convulsions that racked America in the Sixties and Seventies — upheavals concerned with a sincere desire , felt across the political spectrum , to fit the powers of technology into a coherent moral and philosophical framework .
If Kahn was the paragon of cold - eyed nuclear optimism , then Lewis Mumford was an exemplar of the opposing sensibility .
Mumford ( 1895 - 1990 ) lived through two world wars of previously inconceivable scope , the infliction on the community of nations of extraordinary misery at the hands of empires and monolithic states , an ominously growing degradation of the physical environment , and , ultimately , a dread of annihilation through nuclear technology .
His early faith in the transformative power of good will and human ingenuity was overshadowed , as the twentieth century unfolded , by an alarm at human destructiveness and a profound suspicion of enormous , dehumanizing structures , whether in the form of social systems or cityscapes .
Mumford first became widely known as an urban theorist ; as such , he was inheritor to an anti-urban tradition extending from the birth of the Republic through literary icons like Emerson , Melville , and Dreiser to philosophers and critics like Henry Adams , William James , George Santayana , and John Dewey .
Disenchantment with technology is so integral to this tradition ’s rejection of the social , environmental , and aesthetic potential of urban development that in order to develop his moral critique , Mumford , though he had no university degree , transformed himself into one of his era ’s most respected voices on the history of technology .
In the Sixties , the reaction against technology fused , in mass culture , with a resentment of the materialism associated with corporate life .
Charles A. Reich ’s 1970 bestseller
The Greening of America captured the ethos of a hippie subculture promoting a simpler , more contemplative lifestyle , free of technological contrivances .
Tranquil pastoral imagery was a favored device in the songs , poetic writings , and slogans of the time .
The natural was equated with the spiritually superior .
Flowers , the wind , and grass became symbols of emancipation and enlightenment , and “ Flower power ” was a catchword of the day , with a return to nature serving as a metaphor for other kinds of social transformation .
Thus , while Kahn ’s vision of American life held that the nation ’s advanced technologies , industrial capabilities , and social and economic traditions and institutions were forces for good , the environmental and anti-nuclear movements were built on a philosophical tradition that tended to characterize science and technology as repressive tools of military and commercial interests .
Insofar as the environmental movement has now reached a point of cultural ascendancy , technological skepticism has become an unmistakable feature of the American mindset .
But it is hardly dominant .
The fallen reputation of nuclear science cannot simply be attributed to techno - skepticism so long as the countervailing techno - optimism remains a powerful force in American life .
To truly understand the nation ’s attitude toward things nuclear , we must turn to biography and philosophy .
Physicist and Metaphysicist
Albert Einstein rose as a towering public incarnation of the human hunger to pursue and articulate knowledge in a form that not only confers power but also brings meaning and dignity to human life , and a deepened understanding rather than just an accumulation of facts .
Part of his success as an icon of science can surely be chalked up to his social skill .
Although he had no love for social occasions , Einstein was not at all averse to limelight .
He was quite comfortable with people in small or large gatherings provided he could comport himself on his own terms .
A substantial part of these terms involved the deliberate projection of the image of not just a great scientist but a philosophical ambassador : someone who acknowledged that what the intellectual marketplace wanted from nuclear physics was not only technology , not only an element of strategic statecraft , but a source of insight that could be combined with more ancient pursuits of wisdom .
Much of this side of Einstein was theatrical .
It was not the cynical theater of the huckster who uses the techniques of showmanship to ingratiate in order to sell a bill of goods that the buyer neither needs nor really wants , but the theater of an artist who dons a mask to satisfy a very real public hunger by delivering a cultural product of deep and genuine value .
He seems from the beginning to have construed his field of science as part of a drama of ideas .
C. P. Snow , the science writer , described the young Einstein discovering “ a new ability as an actor — with a touch of ham — on the lecture platform .
There are pleasant stories of his playing the violin to a cultivated salon which discussed Kant , Hegel , and Fichte and enjoyed chamber music .
The party often included Franz Kafka , not yet known to fame . ”
Underneath this social sensibility was a mind of exceptional seriousness .
“ Einstein , ” Snow wrote , “ was a mythopoeic character . ”
But if Einstein generated myths around his personality , it was in large part because he instinctively sought to connect a life in physics with greater moral and metaphysical questions .
Einstein treated his physics as a portal to an understanding of reality that could transcend more mundane notions of science .
He sought to build intellectual bridges between the new scientific picture of the universe and traditional cosmologies ; he sensed that his general ideas about reality could be brought into creative alignment with the great intellectual traditions of the humanities .
He had no illusions about his own capacity to effect such an alignment ; he never forayed into systematic philosophy .
He saw himself as an encourager .
The role of ambassador , of peacemaker among philosophical tribes , was congenial to him .
Einstein evinced a sophisticated awareness that metaphysical products and their consumers are central features of the marketplace of ideas .
This receptivity to metaphysics , accompanied by a related interest in the interdisciplinary aspects of physics , can also be found in works by other Continental physicists , such as Erwin Schrödinger ’s
What is Life ? ( 1952 ) and Mind and Matter ( 1958 ) , and Werner Heisenberg ’s Physics and Beyond ( 1971 ) .
British scientists , by contrast , overwhelmingly disdained metaphysics , preferring commonsense empiricism to grand metaphysical speculation ( Sir Arthur Eddington and Sir James Jeans being notable exceptions ) .
In his autobiography , the Briton Bertrand Russell recalled the frustration of his weekly visits with Einstein , mathematician - logician Kurt Gödel , and physicist Wolfgang Pauli :
These discussions were in some ways disappointing , for , although all three of them were Jews and exiles and , in intention , cosmopolitans , I found that they all had a German bias towards metaphysics , and in spite of our utmost endeavors we never arrived at common premises from which to argue .
Einstein ’s “ German bias towards metaphysics ” was central to his persona .
The most obvious element in this feature of Einstein ’s intellectual life was his desire to reconcile the tensions between science and religion , using a generalized sense of reverence as a middle ground .
He declared in Out of My Later Years ( 1950 ) that “ The highest principles for our aspirations and judgments are given to us in the Jewish - Christian religious tradition , ” adding that science
can only be created by those who are thoroughly imbued with the aspiration towards truth and understanding .
This source of feeling , however , springs from the sphere of religion .
To this there also belongs the faith in the possibility that the regulations valid for the world of existence are rational , that is , comprehensible to reason .
I cannot conceive of a genuine scientist without that profound faith .
The situation may be expressed by an image : Science without religion is lame , religion without science is blind .
These somewhat strained attempts to elevate a universal sense of piety into a philosophical lingua franca were only the surface of Einstein ’s metaphysical interest .
He had a distinct predisposition toward the types of non-scientific speculative thinking that British empiricists abjured .
He expressed such inclinations in writings that ranged from criticism of Russell ’s epistemology ( which he found excessively prejudiced against metaphysical inquiry ) to popular commentary on the relationship between physics and reality .
One of Einstein ’s most famous utterances , that God does not play dice , expressed complicated reservations he had about the apparent implications of the new field of quantum mechanics for broad philosophical concepts like causality .
Moreover , his devotion of the last decades of his life to an unsuccessful quest for a unified field theory , which would bring into a fuller conceptual coherence various areas of physics such as electromagnetism and gravitation , was evidently motivated as much by philosophical as scientific impulses — and is evocative of the desire for unified knowledge that pervades the European philosophical tradition .
Science as Existential Crisis
If Einstein epitomized a certain European stance on the cultural presentation of physics , a parallel position for the United States was occupied by J. Robert Oppenheimer .
Einstein was a world figure on an American stage ; Oppenheimer was an American figure whose persona and career encapsulated much that is distinctively American in the philosophical struggles surrounding nuclear science .
Oppenheimer symbolizes the moral dimensions of nuclear science , not as lofty philosophical reflection but as angst .
In 1947 , in a lecture at M.I.T. called “ Physics in the Contemporary World , ” he said : “ In some sort of crude sense which no vulgarity , no humor , no overstatement can quite extinguish , the physicists have known sin ; and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose . ”
Like Einstein , Oppenheimer felt that the delivery of nuclear power into human hands was a momentous event in the moral and philosophical saga of our species .
Unlike Einstein , he had been instrumental in developing the first atomic bombs : he served as scientific director of the Manhattan Project , which developed the bomb , and from 1942 to 1945 he headed the atomic energy research group at Los Alamos .
This practical involvement in the advent of nuclear technology was in addition to his important theoretical contributions in areas including quantum theory and anti-particles .
He was also drawn into a byzantine web of political suspicion and persecution during the height of the Red Scare , subjecting him to a tormenting ordeal with grave repercussions for his career and reputation .
He chaired the general advisory committee of America ’s Atomic Energy Commission from 1946 to 1952 but opposed the production of the hydrogen bomb and the atomic arms race with Moscow .
He came under fire from critics — most notably physicist Edward Teller , the “ father of the hydrogen bomb ” — and was subjected to a public hearing and deprived of his security clearance , with the commission suspending him as director on the grounds that he was a national security risk .
One might think that this searing experience would provide so gifted and sensitive a man with inspiration ( or compulsion ) to formulate a towering philosophical and policy statement of not only the moral challenges of vast technological power but also its potential for enhancing human life .
But this did not happen .
Oppenheimer did indeed write commentaries on nuclear problems ; they are articulate and even passionate , but strangely disappointing and anti-climactic .
It is as though a brilliant individual were whisked back in time to witness the birth of the cosmos and then returned to our own time to document it , and the result was a book that chiefly complained about the discomfort of the trip .
Oppenheimer ’s publications for the general public , like Science and the Common Understanding ( 1954 ) , The Open Mind ( 1955 ) , and The Flying Trapeze ( 1964 ) , offer popularizations of the concepts of atomic physics coupled with philosophical - sounding but ultimately empty generalizations about the inevitability of scientific change .
The Open Mind offers commendable but vague calls for international peace .
As sociologist Irving Louis Horowitz remarked in a 1958 review in Science and Society :
It is curious that Oppenheimer makes so little of the debates within scientific circles as to the uses and abuses of atomic weapons .
Given his personal odyssey , one would have expected , and welcomed , such an exposition .
Horowitz noted that Oppenheimer seemed focused on resolving the guilt and alienation that arose from the unleashing of nuclear power , and speculated that
When Oppenheimer overcomes this private antinomy , perhaps he will be in a better position to understand that the schisms of life are not just to be gazed at in reverential awe , but must be grappled with and resolved .
Physicist - historian Silvan S. Schweber has argued that despite his manifest skills and talents , Oppenheimer “ found it difficult to conceive an overall creative vision for himself ” and “ could not integrate his activities into a coherent whole that might be a model for the intellectual in the new world he had helped to shape . ”
This criticism should not be seen as a denigration of Oppenheimer .
We are lucky to have any record at all of his impressions , let alone as well - written and thoughtful as are the ones he left us .
They carry the clear stamp of a great spirit .
But it is precisely because of this that his commentaries are frustrating , because they so enticingly suggest that here is someone who might have produced the philosophical synthesis for which Einstein hoped — a philosophy of technology that would make us grateful for the new physics and its technological offshoots , instead of regretting that these had ever come about .
Born in 1904 into a Jewish family that supported New York ’s Society for Ethical Culture , a group dedicated to the development of universal moral principles that were not based in any mainstream religion , Oppenheimer received his early education at one of the society ’s schools .
After studying at Harvard he began looking for spiritual fulfillment in literature ranging from Hindu scripture to the poetry of T. S. Eliot , Shakespeare , and John Donne , as well as Dostoevsky .
His interest in the Gita was so strong that he learned Sanskrit so he could read it in the original .
These spiritual probings were given a thorough immersion in European culture , for Oppenheimer took his doctorate at the University of Göttingen under the supervision of one of the founders of quantum mechanics , Max Born — another of those Continental physicists who published his philosophical speculations .
As an example of the interdisciplinary and highly philosophical tone of Göttingen in the 1920s , Robert Jungk thus describes Born ’s weekly “ Seminar on Matter ” :
These debates were concerned more and more with the most basic problems of epistemology .
Had the discoveries of atomic physics abolished the duality between the human observer and the world observed ?
Was there no longer any real distinction between subject and object ?
Could two mutually exclusive propositions on the same topic both be regarded as correct from a loftier standpoint ?
Would one be justified in abandoning the view that the foundation of physics is the close connection of cause and effect ?
But in that case could there ever be any such thing as laws of Nature ?
Could any reliable scientific forecasts ever be made ?
Oppenheimer throve in this milieu , Jungk reports , managing to pursue “ not only his physical studies but also his philosophical , philological and literary hobbies .
He was particularly deep in Dante ’s Inferno and in long evening walks ... would discuss with colleagues the reason why Dante had located the eternal quest in hell instead of in paradise . ”
The road leading from this stage in Oppenheimer ’s life to his death from cancer in 1967 stands out as one of the most perplexing intellectual journeys in American history .
The young scientist - philosopher vanished into a labyrinth of secret government agencies , power , FBI investigation , political exile , technological guilt , and endless self - examination .
He emerged from time to time in various guises whose altered forms betrayed the extent of his personal upheavals .
Jungk notes that as Oppenheimer became increasingly drawn into his role as a government scientist , he
was more and more to be found in government offices , less and less in the lecture room .
He had become the oracle of diplomats and strategists .
A new stage had begun in the career of this extraordinary man .
The fact could even be noted in his altered appearance and behavior .
He now wore his graying hair cut very short — as if to prove even by this detail that he was no longer one of the “ long - haired . ”
His movements had a military abruptness ....
He was regarded as a “ scientific statesman ” ....
Oppenheimer ’s friends , however , believed that Washington ’s influence on him was greater than his influence on Washington .
He then metamorphosed from a “ scientific statesman , ” a gray eminence to the great of the military and political worlds , into a political outcast and a bearer of the conscience of science for having brought the nuclear fires of Prometheus to Earth .
Oppenheimer ’s life and thought in the end acquired the quality of tragedy , of neurotic self - immolation , of paralysis of existential crisis , and ultimately of squandered talents .
The Paradox of Nuclear Physics
The differences between Oppenheimer ’s story and Einstein ’s are profound .
Einstein came to America as a revered world figure and his stature continued to grow in the United States .
But he did not remain aloof from American politics .
His advocacy of internationalism , leftist causes , and intellectual freedom earned him enemies in the United States and caused him to be investigated for years by the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
( As of this writing , 1,427 pages of information on the FBI ’s investigation of Einstein can be found on the agency ’s website , with this introductory statement : “ An investigation was conducted by the FBI regarding the famous physicist because of his affiliation with the Communist Party .
Einstein was a member , sponsor , or affiliated with thirty - four communist fronts between 1937 and 1954 .
He also served as honorary chairman for three communist organizations . ” )
But despite this active involvement in some of the burning American controversies of his time , Einstein was never an American figure in the way that Oppenheimer was .
This had nothing to do with his foreign birth .
Although Einstein became an enduring member of America ’s pantheon of pop-culture icons , he transcended national boundaries .
His Olympian remoteness was essential to his appeal .
Like Mother Teresa and Nelson Mandela , he was a champion of values that many Americans admired , rather than an avatar of America .
By contrast , Oppenheimer ’s story is a tapestry of quintessentially American passions and anxieties derived from the nation ’s long love - hate relationship with technological innovation .
But taken together , the stories of Einstein and Oppenheimer make clear that the practical promotion of nuclear science in our society is related to our ability to promote it philosophically .
It may seem counterintuitive that the development of a science , especially a science as rigorous as nuclear physics , should in any way depend on philosophical activity .
To some scientists the notion may be repugnant or even nonsensical .
Yet the loss of prestige of nuclear physics in the second half of the twentieth century presents itself forcefully as a decline due to philosophical failure .
And both the failure and the philosophical reasons for it emerge as an object lesson from Oppenheimer ’s life .
Oppenheimer stands for the conflict that exists in American culture about the power of advanced technology .
It is a painful conflict , which is why , despite Oppenheimer ’s massive media exposure during his lifetime and since his death , he remains a strangely ethereal presence in American culture .
His visage twice appeared on the cover of Time magazine ; viewed side by side , these portraits capture a great deal .
The first , in color , from 1948 , has as background a blackboard filled with mathematical symbols .
The face could belong to a movie idol of that era .
The eyes are those of both a seeker and a man of affairs , fixed on a distant point , dark hair swept back , distinguished touches of gray at the temples .
The caption is a famous Oppenheimer quote : “ What we do n’t understand we explain to each other . ”
The second cover is from June 14 , 1954 , the time of the national security ordeal .
The image is monotone gray .
The hair is cropped close to the skull , the facial bones prominent .
The eyes bleakly stare straight out at you above an ominous caption : “ Beyond loyalty , the harsh requirements of security . ”
The questions in these eyes have haunted the public perception of nuclear technology for half a century :
How is our civilization changed by high technology ?
How well do we understand the making of technology as a moral activity ?
How ought we to integrate our high technology with our mores and traditions ?
Einstein ’s philosophical sophistication was more than equal to the task of appreciating the importance of these questions , but the timbre of his metaphysical voice was that of the seventeenth - century Dutch philosopher Baruch Spinoza , whom he admired .
It was the voice of a sublimely dignified rationalism , deterministic and pantheistic , finding contemplative joy in the acquiescence of the ego before the aesthetic majesty and intellectual harmonies of a vast cosmos .
Oppenheimer ’s philosophical voice was not at all like this .
He was , rather , a spiritual cousin of Søren Kierkegaard , the nineteenth - century pioneer of existentialism , with whom he shared suffocating presentiments of constraint within the mental climate of his generation .
Like the troubled Dane , Oppenheimer brought a penetrating intelligence to ethical and speculative issues that he considered urgent but that many of his contemporaries found marginal , or reducible to acceptable solutions within prevailing customs .
No less than Kierkegaard , he was responsive to soaring flights of mind that transcended everyday existence but saw them as meaningful only if they could be correlated with personality , subjective tribulations , and fine details of individual emotion .
He wanted technology to be based on a philosophy that recognized human fears and hopes without losing them in visions so enormous that they vanished or became trivial .
Such yearnings are all too easy to caricature .
But their very existence draws out a troubling paradox for our time :
A cultural reaction against a technology , on the grounds of the philosophical problems to which the technology gives rise , can have the effect of paralyzing the very philosophical labors that are needed to solve those problems .
Oppenheimer acutely felt the limitations of an attitude that placed what he saw as excessive and naïve faith in the ability of government structures ( however democratically elected ) to address the philosophical problems created by powerful new technology .
It was necessary , he believed , for scientists outside government to concern themselves with philosophically interpreting science to society .
But the intensity of Oppenheimer ’s feelings on these topics seemed to be his worst enemy .
He was never able to find a way of expressing the need to promote nuclear science in a way that would emphasize its potential as a positive force in the world .
He died waiting for a gift of tongues that never came .
Nuclear Science and the American Spirit
America ’s self - image and sense of national purpose have long been colored by perceptions of the nation ’s ingenuity , industrial resourcefulness , and devotion to progress .
And although Americans like to think of themselves as a technologically driven society , and even as the world ’s technological leader , the second half of the twentieth century has in important respects been a period of technological retreat for the United States .
The country ’s infrastructure has notoriously fallen into disrepair .
Obsolete fuel technologies have been used for decades , with negative economic , strategic , and environmental consequences .
The manufacturing base has evaporated , and other countries are leading in several areas of high technology .
This technological retreat is related to the loss of prestige of nuclear physics .
Both have their roots in a failure to develop a philosophy of scientific and technological innovation capable of interpreting such innovation as a moral enterprise , and of seeing science and technology as vital cultural institutions rather than as areas of intellectual activity separate from the imaginative life of the nation .
For a country that considers itself in the van of the march of progress , the United States has had a remarkable dearth of popular philosophical justifications of scientific and technological advance .
To be sure , occasional artifacts of science boosterism , like astronomer Carl Sagan ’s 1980 television series Cosmos , seek to present scientific advancement as a moving adventure of the spirit .
But as useful as such popular educational products are , the insertion of quasi- religiosity into scientific exposition is no substitute for a considered philosophy that relates scientific inquiry and technological innovation , in ways both widely accessible and imaginatively satisfying , to older pursuits of human value and social purpose .
American culture has established what is in effect an intellectual tradition of suspicion of nuclear science even while it has enshrined in mass entertainment products like the Star Trek television and motion picture franchise , an identification of advanced physics with wonder and prospects for the betterment of humankind .
The apparent contradiction between these cultural currents is resolved , even if only superficially , in a mythic figure such as Einstein , who seems to assure us that the advance of science is compatible with cosmic insight , even if lesser mortals than Einstein cannot understand precisely how .
Einstein appeals to the faith of those who want to believe that science and philosophical wisdom belong together and need not clash .
Like everything else made by human hands and minds , science and technology can run down .
To flourish — even just to survive — they need sustenance of various kinds , including philosophical support that links them to the imaginative hungers of the cultures in which they would endure .
For better or worse , the United States has come to depend on technological progress , and if its continuance as a society in anything resembling its traditional forms is to be assured , technological vitality must be sustained .
Nuclear science is so central to the continuum of scientific and technological progress that a failure to restore its stature must bode ill for the long - term future of science and technology in America .
Another reason to restore the prestige of nuclear science is more specific and immediate , and has to do with the interests of both the United States and the rest of the world .
It is now widely accepted that it is in the geopolitical and economic interest of the United States to diversify its national energy resources .
There is also wide support , both scientifically and politically , for the adoption of a national energy policy that would minimize global impacts on the physical environment .
From both these perspectives it is desirable to expand the United States ’s use of nuclear technology , in the forms of nuclear power stations and techniques for the storage of nuclear waste .
These objectives will be met only if public perceptions of nuclear technology are considerably improved .
How can this be done ?
The most straightforward possibility would involve a mass education campaign aimed at connecting nuclear science and technology to uncontroversial public priorities — like economic strength , independence from foreign sources of energy , and a reduction in atmospheric pollution .
Such a campaign should emphasize the salient data — like the fact that only a fifth of U.S. electricity comes from nuclear plants , while more than three - quarters of France ’s electricity does — without resorting to the garish fantasies of atomic utopia that characterized the immediate postwar period .
Meanwhile , there remains philosophical work to be done .
The questions concerning technology that tormented Oppenheimer , and the yearning for a philosophical resolution of them , were not the imagined anxieties of a neurotic individual but a sensitive man ’s reflection of perplexities that run deep in American culture , sometimes shaping public policy .
In short , America needs a philosophy that is capable of contextualizing the scientific adventure satisfyingly within the American spirit .
To this end , it is necessary to take into account the cultural forces that have nurtured that spirit and made it what it is .
Whether such a philosophical synthesis is achieved will determine not only the future fortunes of specific sciences , such as nuclear studies , but also the general character of America ’s relationship with advanced technology in years to come .
America is nearing the point where it must choose between two competing visions of advanced technology and the science that informs it .
One is that of a morally sustainable mission in pursuit of an achievable dream of a better world , nourished by a philosophy that fulfills the imaginative needs and self - image of the American people .
The other vision that looms , if a philosophical synthesis is not achieved , is one of technological failure , of the erosion of the sense of national purpose , and of a tragically increasing association of the wondrous potential of science and technology with anxiety , fear , and persistent nightmare .
United Nations General Secretary is publicly admitting that the worldwide climate change treaty will be enforced by global government .
Up until now , many have dismissed reports that the treaty being discussed in Copenhagen would represent a giant step towards world government .
However , when the head of the United Nations tells an interviewer for the Los Angeles Times that “ we will establish a global governance structure to monitor and manage the implementation of this ” , what are we all supposed to think ?
In fact , a former official in the Thatcher administration , Lord Christopher Monckton , has seen a draft of the treaty being discussed and he says that it creates 700 new bureaucracies which will implement and enforce the provisions of the climate change treaty .
These bureaucracies will have power to enforce the new world environmental laws that supersedes the authority of national governments around the world .
Fortunately , it appears that a formal treaty will not be signed in Copenhagen .
However , Ban Ki-Moon is hopeful that a “ binding political deal ” will be signed .
So what is the difference between a “ treaty ” and a “ binding political deal ” ?
That is a good question .
Ban Ki-Moon put it this way during his interview with the Los Angeles Times in response to a question of whether or not a political deal in Copenhagen is still possible ….
We need to have a very strong , robust , binding political deal that will have an immediate operational effect .
This is not going to be a political declaration , just for the sake of declaration .
It is going to be a binding political deal , which will lead to a legally binding treaty next year .
However , Ban Ki-Moon does expect a final climate change treaty to be signed by mid-2010 .
What most people do not realize is that the treaty being discussed in Copenhagen will institute new world taxes which would transfer wealth from “ rich nations ” as payment for the “ carbon debt ” that we have accumulated .
Ban Ki-Moon also commented on this during his interview with the L.A. Times ….
Developed countries have political and moral responsibilities , therefore they have to do more , first of all by coming out with ambitious targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , and they should be prepared to provide financial support .
We have pretty good agreement on short - term , fast - track financial support in the order of $ 10 billion for the coming three years .
When we agree on a politically binding agreement , this will have immediate operational effect , including financial support from next year .
This financial support will reportedly be ongoing for the life of the treaty .
So when will the treaty end ?
Can the United States ever get out of it ?
Well , reports from those who have seen the draft treaty indicate that the only way a nation can leave the treaty is if every single other nation agrees .
Now , if “ developing nations ” are receiving large payments from the United States every single year , how likely do you think it is for every single one of them to vote to allow the U.S. to leave the treaty ?
The truth is that the treaty is structured so that the United States would be committed to it forever .
According to the draft treaty being considered , no future president or Congress would be able to do anything to get the United States out of the treaty .
The only way to get out of it would be a unanimous vote from every single one of the other nations .
This is the kind of deal that Barack Obama wants to lock the United States into .
What a nightmare .
Baby - Selling : When Is Wrong to Sell ?
When Is It Right to Ban ?
By Bryan Caplan
When I praised the growing division of maternal labor , the supposed reductio ad absurdum of baby selling came up .
My reply :
I see nothing wrong with selling your baby – born or unborn – to loving parents .
Until recently , though , I did n’t notice this follow - up question from former GMU prof Jennifer Roback Morse :
You say , “ I see nothing wrong with selling your baby – born or unborn – to loving parents . ”
I do n’t understand your reason for the qualifier .
If it is ok to sell
your baby to loving parents , is it ok to sell your baby to merely
“ liking ” parents , as opposed to loving parents ?
Is it ok to sell your
baby to someone who does n’t want to parent the child , but who plans to
use the child for some purpose , such as labor , or spare body parts for
another child , or for sexual services ?
I know why I would prohibit these transactions .
I just want to hear your rationale .
Like almost everyone , I favor the prohibition of child abuse by both relatives and non-relatives , and consider someone who knowingly sells a baby to someone expected to abuse him to be an accomplice to his abuse .
What about Morse ’s less frightening hypotheticals ?
Is is morally wrong to sell your baby to parents who merely “ like ” him , or who desire a household servant ?
If so , should these transactions be prohibited ?
Let ’s start with moral wrongness :
1 . If you reasonably expect that your baby will be better - off – for example because you ’re on the edge of starvation – then selling your baby is a tragic but morally admirable sacrifice .
2 . If you reasonably expect that your baby will be worse off , but still have a life worth living , and you desperately need the money ( for example to feed your other kids ) , it might not be admirable to sell your baby , but it ’s understandable and morally acceptable .
3 . If you reasonably expect that your baby will be worse off , but
still have a life worth living , and you do n’t desperately need the money , then it ’s probably morally wrong .
If I knew someone in these circumstances , I would try to convince them to keep their baby .
However , it ’s easy to come up with hypotheticals that leave me less than certain .
Suppose a woman who does n’t like kids deliberately gets pregnant purely in order to sell the babies to farmers who need extra help .
The babies have moderately unhappy childhoods , but as a whole their lives are worth living .
If the mom said , “ I ’m doing a lot more good for my kids than if I were childless .
If voluntary childlessness is n’t morally wrong , why is my approach ? , ” I ’d have to admit that she ’s got a point .
Now what about prohibition ?
Moral wrongness is a necessary but not sufficient condition for prohibition , so we should n’t ban # 1 or # 2 .
Furthermore , the merely probable wrongness of # 3 does not seem strong enough to overcome the presumption of liberty .
So that ’s my response to Roback ’s questions .
I understand why she asks , but I ’ve got to say that her hypotheticals are ultimately red herrings .
In reality :
1. People who adopt babies almost always love them , whether or not they pay for them .
Banning baby - selling to prevent mistreatment of children is like banning driving to prevent drunk driving .
2 . In a free market , most of the baby suppliers would be poor families in the Third World , and most of the baby demanders would be much richer families in the First World .
The exchanges would drastically raise babies ’ well - being and chances of survival .
3 . Baby - selling is a solution to abuse , not a cause .
Most of the horror scenarios that Morse poses – like child prostitution – are far more likely to involve kids raised by their biological families in the Third World .
4 . The same goes for child labor .
It would only make sense , after seeing what a kitchen strainer and aluminum foil can do , that a metal kitchen pot would provide a significant signal boost for a mobile broadband modem , or " dongle . "
The homemade video evidence tells all .
Advertisement
The video is edited in a rather stuttered style for reasons unknown , but the segments where a USB broadband modem is placed into , and pulled out of , a large saucepan , with a signal strength meter running , seem to be fairly steady .
A YouTube commenter suggests a more parabolic shape , like a wok , might do even better in capturing and honing the broadband signal .
Advertisement
If you 're ever stuck at a friend 's house with weak mobile broadband reception , it might pay off to dig into their cookware .
At the least , it 's an instant conversation starter .
The Best ( and Funniest ) 3G Mobile Broadband Signal Booster [ The Mobile Broadband Blog via Slashdot ]
With twelve years in the can and a budget just above the GDP of Columbia comes ‘ Avatar . ’
Beset on all sides by mountainous expectations and even grander artistic claims , this tale of digital doppelgangers and hostile imperialism has a lot to live up to .
Does its 3D technology bring new scope to the world of film - making , or was this a vanity project grander than anything put on screen before ?
The name of this MacGuffin game is Generic - tonium , an immensely profitable mineral resource that has brought the future of the human military to the tropically badass moon of Pandora .
The rough and aggressive tendencies of the mech - suited armed forces have disrupted the natural harmony of the world and its most advanced inhabitants : the Na’vi , a race of 10 - foot tall humanoid felines that just so happen to be perched atop the largest pool of Generic - tonium available .
To bridge the diplomatic gap , the army has licensed out a team of scientists with their Avatar program , where selected participants can remotely control a grown version of a Na’vi body while in a state of partial cryo-stasis .
Enter Jake Sully , a twin brother of an Avatar program participant , who takes up his brother ’s tail in a deal to restore his recently bullet - ridden legs .
During his sabbatical as a blue cat - person , he meets and falls in love with one of the Na’vi tribe ’s most prominent females , Neytiri , their union causing Sully to shift motivations and defend the indigenous race ’s land against the human invasion .
Like a broken - in pair of shoes , the plot of ‘ Avatar ’ creases and folds in all the expected places , its predictable nature aided into a comfortable state by the film ’s visuals and more intimate moments .
Many viewers will despise the bluntly villainous characterization of the military and Sully ’s eerie eagerness to abandon lifetime associations , but the simplistic dichotomy of good and evil set up in ‘ Avatar ’ allows for just enough believable motivation to string the script along to its next climactic fight scene .
Most actors are keen to follow in the paint - by - numbers story set - up , Stephen Lang ’s Colonel Quaritch being as clear - cut and rough - and - tumble as a liberal ’s vision of a military bastard .
Exceptions to the rule come from the female side of affairs : Sigourney Weaver ’s Dr. Augustine exploring a more intricate emotional spectrum as the protected lead of the Avatar project , and Zoe Saldana ’s Neytiri is an expert crafting of a creature both markedly alien and intimately human .
Sam Worthington ’s Jake Sully is a warm performance that manages to emote beyond the 6000 - manhour CG makeover , despite his boyish naivety and stubborn rock - headedness seeming out of place with a Marine Corps of any time period .
Worthington ’s weakest side is the all - too - occasional voiceover his character is granted , its appearance flaring up in random occurrences , the whole device appearing to be a hasty band - aid to the holes in Cameron ’s script .
If deeper fault is to be found in the plot progression , it is with its haphazard use of side characters .
At one point Sully ’s fellow Avatar - donning participant Norm Spellman ( a charming Joel Moore ) expresses some completely rational jealousy at the Na’vi ’s acceptance of the much less - intelligent and informed Sully .
Twenty minutes later an emotionally weak narration from Jake suddenly explains Spellman ’s return to friendship without the slightest hint of exposition as how the emotional shift occurred .
Army pilot Trudy ( the always sexily badass Michelle Rodriguez ) is also given a truncated arch throughout the film , to the point of her finishing the adventure on a completely pointless note ; Rodriguez always seems poised on the edge of emotional complexity , before being pulled back by the leash the script has her attached to .
Even without the 3 - D glasses , the heart that went into crafting Pandora is evident in nearly every frame .
Despite different colorization and evolution , the flora , fauna , and creatures of ‘ Avatar ’ all respond and react with realistic intention and movement .
The Na’vi appear especially plausible with a fully realized culture , complete with religion , social hierarchy , marriage tradition , and rite of passages .
Their connection with the planet is explained through a somewhat creepy story device – the pony - tailed hair of the Na’vi sporting tentacle - like feelers that attach to ( rape ? ) similar ones on Pandoran animals to form a bond – but as a whole , the world breaths with a palatable heartbeat that few worlds human or otherwise can claim .
The sound design does an exceptional job of rooting both the human future and Pandoran present into believable audio cues , despite the bland orchestral score hitting emotional peaks with only routine , middling energy .
But it ’s to the production stockbroker ’s credit that the most visually marvelous moments of the film intersect with its best story portions .
While sporting the adrenaline - arousing explosion - fests blockbusters have been weaned on for decades , it ’s in the passive exploration of this alien moon that the technology behind ‘ Avatar ’ shines .
Here we can finally see the first steps to what 3 - dimensional technology should have been in its 70s origins : an expansion of the fore / background and rounding out of in - frame objects .
This new depth - of - field girth allows for the lush environments and pseudo - creative wildlife ( hey look , it ’s a rhino with a hammerhead shark face ! ) to appear more natural on screen , as if filmed alongside the mo-capped actors .
The Na’vi may be completely digital , but the expressiveness of the facial animation ( save for Sigourney Weaver ’s Avatar - face ) and subtle body movements are simply astounding in their complexity and realism .
While the epic battles between creature - mounted Na’vi and helicopter - bound soldiers may be what paid for the ticket price , it ’s scenes like the adorable montages of Avatar - Sully ’s Na’vi training with Neytiri that will be the film ’s legacy .
Not since ‘ E.T. ’ has it been this simple to associate with an unreal cast member (s . )
It ’s unfortunate then that the design of ‘ Avatar ’ will take a back seat to the film ’s eye - blistering set - pieces .
In all of Cameron ’s work there exists a layer of scene - craft that never fails to be criminally underestimated .
The man knows how to set up a shot : framing all of Sully ’s wake - up - to - being - Human scenes against lifeless computer screens humming with motorized purpose , progressively adding a subtle haze to the laboratory that contrasts dynamically with the brilliant atmosphere of Pandora .
It ’s in the design and cinematography that we find the sensitive components that bridges the audience ’s identification of the present to this perceived future , like showing Colonel Quaritch fiddling with very - normal seatbelts as he powers up his 400 - ton mech - suit .
Cameron ’s camera flows with equal expertise whether in full - CG or on a physical set , the former sporting more panning and tracking angles with the latter guided by a more a series of more basic static shots .
It ’s the hidden ingredient of ‘ Avatar , ’ and will unfortunately remain so in most viewers ’ eyes .
‘ Avatar ’ is gorgeous escapism at its finest .
Its scant story skivvies more of a flawed audience perception than an actual deterrent , the middle - moments of James Cameron ’s return are rooted in a well - crafted world and exquisitely captured effects .
The world of Pandora is both familiar in theory and wildly new in execution , thanks mostly to Cameron ’s aggravatingly - unnoticed cinematographic expertise and a handful of performances from the female cast members .
The 3 - D is exceptional and finally relevant , and the sound design brings all amounts of extra-terrestrial creatures to believable life .
The narration is too sporadic to be useful , and the side characters suffer some severe plot - blocking , but it all amounts to arrows shot at the hide of a helicopter .
There ’s a new universe on the sci - fi block , and it ’s poised to dominate the scene for years to come .
Green Party 's Prospective Parliamentary Candidate for Maidstone and the Weald .
Also a nurse , manager , writer , husband and father ...
Glass Fire Update : Some Evacuees Return To Find Some Homes Still Standing
In Santa Rosa
Whether they were technically allowed to or not , this was the day many people returned home on the eastern edge of Santa Rosa .
California ISO Issues Flex Alert To Conserve Energy Thursday To Avoid Rolling BlackoutsThe California Independent System Operator issued a Flex Alert for Thursday , in anticipation of extremely hot weather and high energy demand .
Facebook To Reject Ads That Spread Doubt On Election Results , Methods Facebook said Wednesday it will not accept ads that seek to delegitimize the results of the 2020 US election or that speculate voting will lead to illegitimate outcomes .
Glass Fire Update : Weary Crews Face Another Red Flag Warning ; 2 Firefighters Survive Close CallThe Glass
Fire roared through the steep , rugged canyons near Angwin early Wednesday while an army of weary firefighters , on the brink of exhaustion from nearly two months of intense firefights in Northern California , battled to keep the blaze from spilling over Highway 29 .
Fremont Firefighters Deployed To Glass Fire Save American Flag From Burning BuildingImages of firefighters saving a U.S. flag from a burning building are receiving accolades online and the firefighters being hailed as heroes as they labored to stop the massive Glass Fire complex burning in Napa and Sonoma Counties .
Contra Costa Health Officials Offering One - Stop COVID -19 Testing & Flu Shots Amid growing concern about COVID - 19 cases rising alongside the flu this fall and winter , Contra Costa County health officials plan to offer flu shots alongside coronavirus testing at several sites .
Google Unveils Cheaper , 5G Versions Of Pixel 5 To Compete
In Apple - Dominated MarketGoogle is trying to turn the tide with the Pixel 5 , which boasts several new camera features , and a $ 700 price tag , a markdown of $ 100 from last year 's model .
California To Study Reparations for Black AmericansCalifornia will develop a detailed plan for reparations under a new law signed on Wednesday by Gov. Gavin Newsom , making it the first state to mandate a study of how it can make amends for its role in the oppression of Black people .
Feds Allege San Francisco Drug Dealer Sold Fentanyl That Resulted In Fatal OverdoseThe Department of Justice announced charges Wednesday against an alleged San Francisco Tenderloin District drug dealer for selling fentanyl that resulted in two overdoses , with one victim dying from the substance .
Page 1 of 3 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] >>
From : triath
2009 -12-18 05:34 pm ( UTC )
Thank you !
This comic makes up for all those awful CSI shows .
From : ( Anonymous )
2009 -12-18 05:50 pm ( UTC )
Give me back my diamonds !
From : ( Anonymous )
2009 -12-18 06:05 pm ( UTC )
Never !
From : line_nutrients
2009 -12-18 05:50 pm ( UTC )
This was my favorite episode of Crime Lab : Wendy's .
From : primavera
2009 -12-18 06:08 pm ( UTC )
Okay , what the hell is that thing in your avatar and why is it so cute ?
From : kotszok
2009 -12-18 05:51 pm ( UTC )
If one can crow with laughter , I was the perfect example not 5 seconds ago
From : ( Anonymous )
2009 -12-18 05:51 pm ( UTC )
anonymous tip : beartato has the diamonds .
From : adam_0oo
2009 -12-18 05:57 pm ( UTC )
He did n't ask to clean it up .
enhance .
Enhance .
ENHANCE !
From : ben_chamberlain
2009 -12-20 06:53 am ( UTC )
Yes !
Then it 's all suddenly clear and high - res somehow , because saying " enhance " magically creates more pixels , as has been well - documented in many police dramas I have seen .
From : raptorix
2009 -12-18 06:05 pm ( UTC )
They caught the notorious Wendy 's Bike Murderer !
From : shuraiya
2009 -12-18 06:11 pm ( UTC )
Looks like Ernie is a CSI : lab tech now !
From : myluckyseven
2009 -12-18 06:19 pm ( UTC )
KIDS : think before you pixel - ize yourselves .
it 's permanent !
From : shoomlah
2009 -12-18 07:21 pm ( UTC )
... Only to find this wonderfully topical comic waiting for me afterwards .
It is going to be a good day .
-C So I just watched this LET'S ENHANCE montage from various films and sundry : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vxq9yj2pVWk&feature=player_embedded ... Only to find this wonderfully topical comic waiting for me afterwards .
It is going to be a good day . -C
From : drhastings
2009 -12-18 07:41 pm ( UTC )
I was a juror in a murder trial , and there was some footage of the killer fleeing the scene in his car .
But it was a crappy angle from a security camera , and you could n't make out the license plate .
And in the closing argument , the defense said something like " These cops were able to HUNT THIS MAN DOWN with SATELLITES and his CELL PHONE !
You really think they can't enhance this video some ? "
From : nedroidcomics
2009 -12-18 08:20 pm ( UTC )
But is n't it a conflict of interest to be a juror on a murder trial ... when you are the murderer ???
From : joedecie
2009 -12-18 07:43 pm ( UTC )
But they did n't even use the special blue torches !
From : leslesrev
2009 -12-18 08:10 pm ( UTC )
i think they were edited out .
because of christmas programme scheduling , this episode aired in an earlier timeslot than usual .
one where children might be watching .
( Deleted comment )
From : westival
2009 -12-18 08:17 pm ( UTC )
" Same way we find Everybody , Buddy ... Everybuddy . "
I like how in those shows their computers make all these impossible beeps and blurps .
" Zoom in on that "
" Can do ! " Bleepityblorpldorlbeweeeoooo teek teek teek .
From : karohemd
2009 -12-19 02:02 pm ( UTC )
Do n't forget the random key tapping instead of using a mouse or even tablet like any sane person would do when working on images .
From : arrrrrrr
2009 -12-18 08:34 pm ( UTC )
Hahahaha , I love it !
From : zimbloggy
2009 -12-18 08:53 pm ( UTC )
But they forgot to " enhance it " which magically adds details to just a few pictures !
The Venture Bros. season two opening of ‘ Powerless in the Face of Death , ’ Doc mourns the death of the boys and jets off to find himself .
With Brock on his trail , Doc narrowly escapes the Amazon , the Himalayas and China ;
He is finally caught at a rave in Ibiza .
The opening features Aquagen ’s remix of Rozalla ’s ‘ Everybody ’s Free ’ .
Listen and download the track below .
‘ Everybody ’s Free Remix ’ by Aquagen feat .
Rozalla
[ audio : http://venturebrosblog.com/media/everybodys-free-aquagen-featuring-rozalla.mp3]
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : ThreadScope 0.1
I 've just released ThreadScope version 0.1 on Hackage .
Threadscope is a graphical utility for viewing profiling information about Haskell threads .
It was written jointly with Simon Marlow and Donnie Jones .
It uses Gtk2HS so it works under Windows and the L - word operating system although there seem to be problems making it work with OS - X ( due to Gtk2 Hs issues I think ) .
$ cabal install threadscope
You may need to do cabal update to update your packages list .
On Windows operating systems you may need to issue the command from a shell that is running with administrative privileges .
Resources : * Web page : http://research.microsoft.com/threadscope
* Parallel Performance Tuning for Haskell < http://research.microsoft.com/apps/pubs/default.aspx?id=80976> ( paper at Haskell Symposium 2009 )
Please let me know if you have any problems .
Also , please do let us know about your experience with ThreadScope and in particular about accounts of how you used ThreadScope to shed light on parallel performance bugs .
If I get enough feedback I may collate the responses into an experience report or paper for ICFP or the Haskell Symposium .
Thank you kindly .
Enjoy !
Cheers , Satnam ________________________________
Satnam Singh Microsoft 7 JJ Thomson Avenue Cambridge CB3 0 FB United Kingdom Email : satnams at microsoft.com<mailto:satnams at microsoft.com > UK tel : +44 1223 479905 Fax : +44 1223 479 999 UK
mobile : +44 7979 648412 USA cell : 206 330 1580 USA tel : 206 219 9024 URL : http://research.microsoft.com/~satnams
Live Messenger : satnam at raintown.org< mailto:satnam at raintown.org >
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20100127/c253ead5/attachment.html
JEDDAH , Saudi Arabia —
For six months , movie - lover Mamdouh Salem devoted his waking hours to what he affectionately calls his “ child . ”
He recruited sponsors , arranged advertising , rented hotel rooms , organized workshops and sent out invitations to scores of young filmmakers , directors and fans for the fourth annual Jeddah Film Festival .
But on the eve of the festival , as Salem made last - minute checks to the red carpet and sound system , he got an urgent call from a city official with a heart - stopping message :
The Ministry of Interior has ordered the event canceled .
“ I was shocked , ” Salem , 33 , said softly .
“ I sat down , silent . ”
For most of the night and the next morning , he was on the phone .
“ I had to inform everybody , ” he recalled .
“ Some people were already in their hotels in Jeddah , others were getting on flights at airports . ”
The festival ’s abrupt halting last July underscored the arbitrary limits to the greater social freedom that Saudis have enjoyed in recent years — especially when it comes to that most sensitive of cultural touchstones : movies .
This is the only country in the world where commercial movie theaters are banned — a prohibition arising from the austere version of Islam propagated by its influential religious establishment .
These clerics and their supporters regard films as “ evil ” because they distract people from religion and spread “ corruption , ” meaning un -Islamic habits such as people drinking alcohol , taking drugs and freely interacting with the opposite sex .
Much like the ban on female drivers , movie theaters have become another highly visible Rubicon that the clerical establishment , and its powerful allies in government , insist must not be crossed .
Despite this hostile environment , an indigenous film - making scene is taking shape .
It is fed by cinemaphiles like Abdulamusin Al Mutairi , 29 , who has made three shorts , including “ Dream , ” which is about the trials of a Christian female expatriate working in the kingdom .
He chose the topic “ because we talk about everything except people who have a different religion from us , ” he said .
“ They live here and nobody cares about their story . ”
Mutairi , who wears his long dark hair slicked back and has a day job overseeing medical supplies at a hospital , once flew all the way to New Zealand to attend a film festival .
His favorite director is Quentin Tarantino .
Back in 2000 , he and fellow film fanatics used to chat about movies and post reviews online .
Then they began writing reviews for local newspapers .
In 2006 , the local film scene got a huge nudge when Saudi filmmaker , Haifaa Al Mansour , garnered international acclaim for “ Women Without Shadows , ” her film probing why many Saudi women veil their faces .
After her awards , said festival organizer Salem , “ some young people began to think , ‘ I can make a short film . ’
And every year [ since then ] there are more Saudi filmmakers . ”
Al Mutairi was one of them .
He and his friends , who favor jeans over the traditional white Saudi robe , began making shorts “ with a handycam . ”
They also formed a club to support each other ’s film projects .
They call it “ Talashi , ” or “ Fade - out , ” and their clubhouse is a vacant apartment where they stash their movie - making equipment and hold brainstorming sessions .
Since there are no film schools or institutes , their initial efforts were all trial and error , picked up mostly from the internet .
“ We do n’t have anybody to guide us , ” said Hana Al Omair .
“ We ’re just doing it as we think it should be and then we realize once it ’s done that this is not the right way , but we ca n’t do anything about it . ”
Omair recently completed “ Beyond Words , ” a 52 - minute documentary about what happens when two groups of musicians — Argentines and Saudis — can only communicate through music .
Like Mutairi’s “ Dream , ” sensitive topics are often the focus of Saudi films .
Recent ones have tackled child sexual abuse , the lack of choice in marriage partners and the sometimes stifling conformity of Saudi society .
The filmmakers ’ biggest obstacle is finding a place to screen their finished products .
Usually , the venue is a film festival in a nearby Gulf country .
“ Festivals open a big window for the young , new generation in Saudi Arabia , which needs films , especially ones about social subjects , ” said Salem , who has his own media production company and made three shorts himself .
Of the 106 films set to be screened at last summer ’s aborted festival , 48 were made by Saudis .
Saudi Arabia ’s embryonic film - making scene is in large part due to the more open atmosphere that has marked King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz ’s reign .
In May 2008 , then - Information Minister Eyad Madani attended the opening of a four - day Saudi film competition in the eastern city of Dammam that featured about 50 Saudi - made films .
More than 600 men filled the main auditorium ; women sat in a separate hall .
Madani ’s presence sent a clear message : Showing films in public is OK .
Prince Al Waleed bin Talal also took King Abdullah ’s more relaxed approach to heart .
A nephew of the king , and one of the world ’s richest men , Al Waleed is known for his progressive views .
Earlier this year , he issued a statement saying that “ films and movie theaters will come inevitably ” to the kingdom .
It was like throwing down the gauntlet to religious conservatives .
Among Al Waleed ’s holdings is the media and entertainment giant Rotana Audiovisual , which has started producing big - budget , full - length commercial films .
The first , “ Keif al Hal ? ” or “ What ’s Up ? , ” was released in 2006 .
A year ago , Rotana organized limited screenings of its second film , “ Menahi , ” to mixed audiences in Jeddah .
They took place twice a day for eight days .
Women sat in the balcony , men on the ground floor .
Popcorn was sold .
The company later said that 25,000 people — 9,000 of them women — had bought tickets to see the film .
Six months later , Rotana got permission to show “ Menahi ” in the far more more conservative capital of Riyadh .
But it was nearly a stealth screening :
The film was shown only once , had a bare minimum of advance publicity and only men were admitted .
In both Jeddah and Riyadh , long - bearded men showed up at the screenings to try to convince movie - goers that what they were doing was wrong , citing the “ dangers ” of cinema , local papers reported .
Conservative clerics and their supporters in the bureaucracy also wrote to the king complaining about the movies .
" Cinema is still regarded as an evil , " read one petition , according to the Gulf News .
“ It was unacceptable [ in ] this holy land earlier .
How then will it be acceptable ... when people are becoming more and more mindful of ... obeying the commands of God and keeping away from what He forbids ? "
The cancelation of Salem ’s 4th Jeddah Film Festival surely pleased these conservatives , who are an important constituency for Interior Minister Prince Nayef bin Abdul Aziz .
Salem said he was never given a reason for the cancellation and had no option but to comply , despite having all the necessary official permissions , including from the progressive local governor Prince Khalid bin Faisal .
The cancellation was doubly puzzling , he added , because he had already staged three previous festivals — though the first two were called “ Visuals Shows ” to avoid attracting unwanted attention .
Salem estimated that he and Rotana , the festival ’s main financial sponsor , lost about $ 265,000 with the cancellation .
And he lamented that the $ 50,000 in award money , which winners use to fund their next film project , was never given out .
What about next year ?
“ I think I will make a festival every year in a different country — Paris , London , Dubai , Egypt , ” he said .
“ But in Saudi Arabia , I can not now . ”
Bianna Golodryga and Peter Orszag Engaged ( PHOTOS )
ABC News financial correspondent Bianna Golodryga has announced her engagement to " tall , dark and handsome " Obama administration Office of Management & Budget Director Peter Orszag .
The couple met last May at the White House Correspondent 's Dinner and got engaged at Sarabeth 's restaurant in New York , where they have gone to celebrate his 41st birthday .
Orszag hid a 5 - carat cushion - cut Harry Winston diamond ring underneath Bianna 's menu .
Bianna , 31 , made the announcement on " Good Morning America " on Tuesday .
She joked , " He could say Golodryga and spell it after the first date and that is a winner in my book . "
Golodryga is fluent in Russian and resides in New York City .
She graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , where she received a bachelor 's degree in Russian / East European & Eurasian studies and a minor in economics .
An October 2010 wedding is planned .
Check out the video here .
More photos below .
Top climate change adviser calls for honesty from scientists in global warming debate
Professor John Beddington : Scientists should be more open about uncertainty
Scientists must be more ' honest and open ' about the uncertainties of global warming , the Government 's chief scientific adviser declared yesterday .
Professor John Beddington said climate researchers should be less hostile to sceptics who question their predictions .
But he added that the underlying physics of climate change - that carbon dioxide released by burning fossil fuels warms the planet - was ' unchallengeable ' .
Professor Beddington 's comments follow a series of blunders by climate scientists .
Last week , the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change was forced to apologise after wrongly claiming most of the Himalayan glaciers would vanish within 25 years .
The warning , which appeared in the IPCC 's 2007 report , turned out to be taken from a news story from New Scientist magazine in the late 1990s based on an interview with a glacier expert .
The expert later admitted his comment was speculation .
The same report also exaggerated claims that global warming will increase the number of tropical storms .
In November , leaked emails appeared to show scientists at the University of East Anglia manipulating data to strengthen the case for man-made climate change - and debating ways to stop sceptics getting hold of their raw temperature data .
Professor Beddington said public confidence in climate science would be boosted by greater honesty about its uncertainties .
' I do n't think it 's healthy to dismiss proper scepticism , ' he said .
Glaciers : Claims they will melt by 2035 were not backed up , the UN said
' Science grows and improves in the light of criticism .
There is a fundamental uncertainty about climate change prediction that can't be changed . '
He said that the false claim about glaciers in the IPCC report revealed a wider problem with the way that some evidence was presented .
' Certain unqualified statements have been unfortunate , ' he added .
' We have a problem in communicating uncertainty .
There 's definitely an issue there .
If there was n't , there would n't be the level of scepticism .
' All of these predictions have to be caveated by saying , " There 's a level of uncertainty about that " . '
Professor Beddington also said that computer climate modelling resulted in ' quite substantial uncertainties ' that should be communicated .
' It 's unchallengeable that CO2 traps heat and warms the Earth and that burning fossil fuels shoves billions of tonnes of CO2 into the atmosphere , ' he told the Times .
' But where you can get challenges is on the speed of change .
When you get into large - scale climate modelling there are quite substantial uncertainties .
' On the rate of change and the local effects , there are uncertainties both in terms of empirical evidence and the climate models themselves . '
The UN is under increasing pressure to reform the IPCC - and include research from sceptical scientists in its reports .
Dr Benny Peiser , of the Global Warming Policy Foundation thinktank , said of Professor Beddington 's remarks : ' His public rebuke is a highly significant development which we hope will help to restore some much needed balance and realism to the climate debate . '
Mark Helprin : Copyright
Twit of the Year
Bob Guccione used to crown people Asshole of the Month or Year , respectively , based on the sheer egregiousness of their assholery .
I ’ve previously featured copyright and patent twits of the week .
But sometimes you run across a twit whose twittishness rises above the ephemeral standards of the week , and deserves special recognition .
Mark Helprin ’s twittishness belongs to the ages .
Remember that old saying of Gandhi’s ?
First they ignore us , then they mock us , then they fight us , then we win .
The forces of proprietary content , in their war against the open - source movement , have scrambled those stages in an utterly perverse fashion .
In the 1990s , when the digital and network revolutions were barely underway , rather than ignoring us they attacked us full force with the Uruguay Round TRIPS accord and the DMCA .
Then we won ( we have for all intents and purposes demonstrated the unenforceability of the digital copyright regime ) .
Now they try to swing public opinion when the war ’s already been lost : not only introducing clumsy and laughable publick skool anti-” songlifting ” campaigns likely to be received about as respectfully as abstinence education , but bringing out their least competent spokesmen — clownish pedants like Mark Helprin — to mock us .
Helprin , in Digital Barbarianns , seems to be coming from an ideological place much like Andrew Keen and Thomas Frank : a resentment , by New Class intellectuals whose values were shaped in the old Broadcast Age , of the kind of democracy that network culture permits .
Helprin ’s disdain for “ blogging ants ” and Wikis “ written the way Popeye talks ” is comparable to Keen ’s resentment of the old cultural gatekeepers ’ dispossession by the “ cult of the amateur , ” and Frank ’s knee - jerk defense of Taylorism and Weberian industrial bureaucracy against the New Economy ( with the Whole Earth folks as tattooed and pierced fellow travelers of Dick Armey and Tom DeLay — a mirror - image version of Helprin ’s view of Creative Commons ) .
What pass for arguments , in Helprin ’s polemic , are utterly incoherent .
Helprin nowhere states any objective standard of property rights , beyond a reflexive blanket genuflection toward all things called “ property , ” and the utilitarian principle that creators ought to be paid .
Take , for example , his opening anecdote : he stops to eat an ear of corn growing on a roadside farm in Iowa during a cross-country bike trip , and is ripped a new one by the angry farmer .
One of the commenters at the NPR website ( where the story was posted ) pointed out the delicious irony of a subsidized American corn farmer ( “ someone whose entire industry would collapse without a system of government patronage ” ) lecturing Helprin on theft , and Helprin ’s use of the anecdote to assert the moral authority of the similarly coddled and protected culture industry .
Apparently this trauma , and Helprin ’s appropriate guilt over having taken the tangible property produced by another person ’s labor , was transmuted into an uncritical reverence for anything called “ property . ”
Property , he says , is the “ guarantor of liberty , ” and “ to be defended proudly . ”
You may recall that Huck Finn had a similar uncritical reverence for all things designated by the word “ property . ”
Having run away with the Widow Douglas ’s slave , Jim , Huck was torn apart by guilt over having thus wronged his benefactor ( she who tried to “ sivilize ” him ) .
In the end , the sivilizing did n’t take , because Huck proved himself to be better than the morality of the slaveocracy .
His final resolve , “ All right , then , I ’ll go to hell , ” was followed by the first peaceful night ’s sleep since he left home .
It ’s not always possible to tell just what Helprin ’s so worked up about .
For example , he decries the loss of “ authorial voice ” in a world of peer production and Wikified collaboration .
But it ’s hard to figure out what digital copyright even has to do with any of this .
His legislative agenda affects mainly the unauthorized reproduction of proprietary work under the original author ’s name .
The misappropriation of identity is a very minor problem — which stands to reason , if you think about it .
When people go to The Pirate Bay , they ’re shopping for a free download of a known work by a known author .
Who ’s going to download a pdf of Pet Sematary by Joe Blow , or an mp3 of “ Smells Like Teen Spirit ” by I. P. Freely ?
If by “ authorial voice , ” on the other hand , Helprin means borrowing other people ’s ideas and building on them in your own way , copyright law ca n’t do a damned thing about that : as he himself admits , you ca n’t copyright ideas .
And his alarm over the loss of “ authorial voice ” is ironic , given his almost complete failure to cite any major anti-copyright writers as the source of the arguments he attempts to refute .
In fact , he fails to address many of the major anti-copyright arguments at all , giving little indication ( despite the fact that this book was written in response to the debate sparked by his earlier NYT op ed in which he called for the indefinite extension of copyright terms ) that he is even familiar with the arguments of the other side .
All the alleged copyright communists he mentions by name are actually quite mushy moderates : no Stallman , no Boldrin and Levine , no Kinsella — just lots of Lawrence Lessig .
At times , the juxtaposition of Helprin ’s criticisms of the free culture movement with the rights he claims for proprietary content owners seems to be an act of deliberate sabotage : intentionally or not , he does to the Copyright Nazis what Stephen Colbert does to the Republicans .
Helprin is not just an ignoramus , but the kind of muddled thinker who mercilessly contradicts himself and spins out non-sequiturs with a total lack of self - awareness .
Helprin denounces the Left ’s sense of entitlement , their demand for guaranteed outcome , and their hatred of property .
And he does all this in the course of arguing that proprietary content owners are entitled to a guaranteed right of return on their “ intellectual property , ” even if it requires violating the real — i.e. , tangible — property rights of all the rest of us .
For example , one of the alleged strikes against the anti-copyright folks is that they favor a world that is “ planned , controlled , decided , entirely cooperative , and conducive of predetermined outcomes ” — as opposed to his own preference for “ market based systems that admit and honor chance , competition , unexpected developments , peril and reward . ”
But the whole purpose of copyright is to protect proprietary content owners against such chance and competition , and to guarantee them a predetermined outcome .
He views the limitation of copyright as privileging the collective over the individual — when in fact copyright privileges one individual over another , to the extent that one individual is restricted in his use of his own property , in order to guarantee an outcome to the privileged party .
He asserts that the elimination of copyright would only be practicable in a centrally planned economy without private property — showing an utter lack of awareness of business models by which content creators can and do make money without copyright .
Helprin says he favors free markets and private property , but contrasts what private sector non-profits to what he calls “ private industry . ”
He justifies the distinction by pointing to non-profits ’ tax - exempt status .
But ( wait for it ! ) he argues elsewhere that “ intellectual property ” should be given special treatment for purposes of taxation , and exempted — alone , among other other forms of property — from taxation .
Despite his avowed fondness for private property , he singles out the Creative Common license — in fact a regime under which authors license their own work under the terms of copyright law — for repeated denunciation .
He recounts seeing an expensive car driven by rich kids , with an “ Eat the Rich ” bumper sticker , and describes them as the direct ancestors of the Creative Commons movement .
Creative Commons , he argues in an astounding leap of illogic , is a movement of rich parlor socialists who want to give away others ’ “ intellectual property ” for the sake of “ economic justice . ”
The Creative Commons movement , he says , is based on “ the infantile presumption that a feeling of justice and indignation gives one a right to the work , property , and time … of others … . ”
Such people , he writes indignantly , “ should first divest [ themselves ] ” of their own property .
Huh ?
Creative Commons simply allows copyright holders to license their own work for use under comparatively liberal terms ; if one can license someone else ’s work against their will under CC , it ’s a new one on me .
He denounces collaboration — voluntary collaboration by consenting adults — as the first step toward Red Ruin .
So Helprin supports free enterprise ( so long as it ’s not a nonprofit or cooperative ) , intellectual property ( so long as the rights - holder does n’t give it a CC license ) , and freedom of economic choice ( so long as no actor on the market decides to collaborate with anyone else ) .
Helprin , in other words , is a vulgar libertarian : he likes “ free markets , ” so long as “ free market ” is tacitly understand to mean a world dominated by for - profit corporations .
He supports private property and free markets , so long as nobody organizes or invests in the kind of business enterprise he does n’t like , licenses their copyright in ways that he does n’t like , or cooperates with other free individuals in ways that he does n’t like .
So long as the entitled class of actors he favors get their guaranteed outcome , the “ free market ” is great .
* Interior Dept manages mining , drilling on Indian land
* 300,000 Indians part of class action lawsuit
* Congress , court must still approve settlement
( Adds comment from President Barack Obama , lead plaintiff )
By Tom Doggett
WASHINGTON , Dec 8 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government said on Tuesday it will pay $ 3.4 billion to settle a long - running lawsuit against the Interior Department for mismanaging the revenue in Native American trust funds .
As part of the settlement , the government will pay $ 1.4 billion directly to members of Indian tribes and establish a $ 2 billion fund to buy land from Native Americans .
“ We are here to right a past wrong , ” said U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar in announcing the settlement , which must still be approved by the U.S. Congress and the court .
Under the settlement , most of the 300,000 individual Indians that were part of the class action lawsuit would receive at least $ 1,500 each .
“ With this announcement , we take an important step towards a sincere reconciliation between the trust beneficiaries and the federal government and lay the foundation for more effective management of Indian trust assets in the future , ” President Barack Obama said in a statement .
The Interior Department was sued 13 years ago for mishandling the revenue in Indian trust funds going back to 1887 .
The funds includes 10 million acres ( 4 million hectares ) of land owned by individual Indians and 46 million acres ( 19 million hectares ) belonging to Indian tribes .
On these lands , the department manages more than 100,000 leases and the money they generate from mineral mining , oil and gas drilling , timber , livestock grazing , recreational and agricultural uses are deposited into the trust .
That money is disbursed by the department to individuals and tribes .
Native Americans claimed the government owed them $ 47 billion .
At one point , a judge ruled the government should pay only $ 456 million .
Elouise Cobell , the lead plaintiff in the lawsuit and a member of Montana ’s Blackfeet tribe said the settlement was less than what she thought Native Americans deserved , but it was better to settle because some of the older members of the lawsuit had died .
“ Over the past 13 years , the parties have tried to settle this case many , many times , each time unsuccessfully , ” said U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder .
“ But today we turn the page .
This settlement is fair to the plaintiffs , responsible for the United States and provides a path forward for the future . ”
The settlement also creates a $ 60 million federal scholarship to improve access to higher education for Indian youth .
Salazar said he hoped Congress would approve the settlement this month .
( Reporting by Tom Doggett ; Editing by David Gregorio and Lisa Shumaker )
There is a holocaust happening .
Right now .
And it ’s not confined to one nation or even one region .
It is a global crisis .
Species are going extinct en masse .
Every 20 minutes we lose an animal species .
If this rate continues , by century ’s end , 50 % of all living species will be gone .
It is a phenomenon known as the sixth extinction .
The fifth extinction took place 65 million years ago when a meteor smashed into the Earth , killing off the dinosaurs and many other species and opening the door for the rise of mammals .
Currently , the sixth extinction is on track to dwarf the fifth .
What -- or more correctly -- who is to blame this time ?
As Pogo said , “ We have met the enemy , and he is us . ”
Advertisement
The causes of this mass die - off are many : overpopulation , loss of habitat , global warming , species exploitation ( the black market for rare animal parts is the third - largest illegal trade in the world , outranked only by weapons and drugs ) .
The list goes on , but it all points to us .
Over the last 15 years , in the course of producing television documentaries and writing about wildlife , I have traveled the globe , and I have witnessed the grim carnage firsthand .
I ’ve observed the same story playing out in different locales .
In South Africa , off the coast of Cape Horn , lives one of the most feared predators of all -- the great white shark .
Yet this awesome creature is powerless before the mindless killing spree that is decimating its species at the jaw - dropping rate of 100 million sharks a year .
Many are captured so that their dorsal fins can be chopped off ( for shark fin soup ) .
Then , still alive , they are dropped back into the sea , where they die a slow and painful death .
Further east , in Indonesia , I witnessed the mass destruction of rain forests to make way for palm oil plantations .
Indonesia is now the world ’s leading producer of palm oil -- a product used in many packaged foods and cosmetic goods -- and the victims are the Sumatran elephant and orangutan .
These beautiful creatures are on the brink of extinction as their habitats go up in smoke , further warming our planet in the process .
Advertisement
One day while swimming off the coast of Indonesia , I came across a river of refuse and raw sewage stretching for miles .
These streams and islands of refuse now populate all our oceans ; in the middle of the Pacific , there is an island of garbage the size of Texas .
This floating pollution serves to choke off and kill sea turtles -- driving them closer to extinction .
At the same time , the coral reefs where sea turtles get their food supply are dying due to rising sea temperatures from global warming .
To top it off , sea turtles are hunted and killed for their meat -- considered a delicacy in many Asian countries .
It is an ugly but altogether effective one - two - three punch for this unique species .
It ’s important to understand that this is not just a race to save a handful of charismatic species -- animals to which we attach human - inspired values or characteristics .
Who would n’t want to save the sea otter , polar bear , giant panda or gorilla ?
These striking mammals tug at our heartstrings and often our charitable purse strings .
But our actions need to be just as swift and determined when it comes to the valley elderberry longhorn beetle or the distinctly uncuddly , pebbly - skinned Puerto Rican crested toad or the black - footed ferret , whose fate is inextricably intertwined with that of the prairie dog .
The reality is that each species , no matter how big , small , friendly or vicious , plays an important and essential role in its ecosystem .
And we ’re in a race to preserve as much of the animal kingdom as possible .
Meanwhile , around the planet there are massive die - offs of amphibians , the canaries in our global coal mine .
When frogs and other amphibians , which have existed for hundreds of millions of years , start to vanish , it is a sign that our natural world is in a state of peril .
Bat and bee populations are also being decimated .
Without bees , there will be no pollination , and without pollination , the predator that is decimating these other species -- humankind -- will also be headed toward its own extinction .
Yes , there is a certain irony there .
This was all brought home to me in an intimate way after a recent trip to Panama .
My young daughter , Maya , asked if she could accompany me on my next trip there so that she could see one of her favorite animals -- the https://frogPanamanian golden frog -- up close and personal in the jungle .
Sadly , I had to tell her no .
This small , beautiful frog -- the national symbol of Panama -- no longer exists in the wild .
Only a few live in captivity .
Advertisement
Is there hope ?
Yes .
Because in every place I visited to witness the sixth extinction unfold , I met brave and selfless conservationists , biologists and wildlife scientists working hard to save species .
In Panama , biologist Edgardo Griffith has set up an amphibian rescue center to protect and quarantine rare frogs ( including the Panamanian golden frog ) before they are all wiped out by the deadly fungus Chytrid , which is rapidly killing off frogs on a global scale .
In Africa , zoologist Iain Douglas Hamilton is one of many seeking to stop the illegal trade in elephant ivory and rhino horn .
In Namibia , zoologist Laurie Marker is making strides to save the cheetah before it goes the way of the saber tooth tiger ( or India ’s Bengal tiger , which is also on the precipice of extinction ) .
In Indonesia , Ian Singleton is raising orphaned orangutans , training them to return to the remaining rain forest -- giving them a second chance at living in the wild .
In South Africa , Alison Kock is leading a crusade to educate the world about the wholesale destruction of sharks .
Here in the United States , Chris Lucash of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , is working to reintroduce the red wolf , now found only in captivity , to the woods of North Carolina .
They are just a few of the many who are trying to reverse the species holocaust that threatens the future of our natural world .
These committed scientists bring great generosity and devotion to their respective efforts to stop the sixth extinction .
But if we do n’t all rise to the cause and join them in action , they cannot succeed .
The hour is near , but it ’s not too late .
Advertisement
Jeff Corwin is the author of “ 100 Heartbeats , ” a book about his experiences tracking the sixth extinction .
A companion documentary to the book will air Dec. 8 on MSNBC .
Today marks the day that Sarah Palin rose from mere fame to 80s - hair - metal - trashing - hotel - rooms - snorting - coke - in - the - tour - bus - level superstardom .
She signed some woman 's chest with a Sharpie at a Utah Costco .
Red and Blue America :
Put aside your differences for a sec and give props .
Mohammed Nasheed knows what global warming means , because he sees it every day .
He survived years of imprisonment and torture to lead his country – the Maldives – to democracy .
But now , as its President , he is being forced to watch as his homeland is wiped from the map .
With each year that passes , the rising sea claims more land , and at the current rate it will claim everything .
He knows why .
We know why .
It is because we have released massive amounts of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere , and we are n't stopping .
Unless we turn around – fast – the Maldives will be gone .
Today , he has a final plea .
President Nasheed says : " Copenhagen can be one of two things .
It can be an historic event where the world unites against carbon pollution in a collective spirit of co-operation and collaboration , or Copenhagen can be a suicide pact .
The choice is that stark . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
If we fail , the story of the Maldives will become our story .
A ream of scientific studies now suggest we could be on course for 6 °C of global warming this century .
It does n't sound like much at first .
But the last time the world warmed by six degrees so fast was at the end of the Permian period , 251 million years ago .
The result ?
Almost everything on earth died .
The only survivors were a few shelled creatures in the oceans , and a pig - like creature that had the land to itself for millions of years .
The earth was racked by " hypercanes " – hurricanes so strong they even left their mark on the ocean floor .
Oxygen levels in the atmosphere plunged to 15 per cent ; low enough to leave any fast - moving animal gasping for breath .
These six degrees of separation stand between us and a planet we do not recognise and cannot live on .
The fever of denialism is natural .
This is so far outside our experience that is seems intuitively untrue , wrong , or even mad .
I desperately wish the deniers were right : I would jump on the next flight to Tahiti for a month - long party .
But the scientific consensus is overwhelming – as strong as the consensus that smoking causes lung cancer , or HIV causes Aids .
The deniers are a discredited fringe with virtually no scientists currently working in the field .
If you release greenhouse gases into the atmosphere on an industrial scale year after year , the world will get much warmer , and many of us will die .
I have seen it happen .
In the past few years , I have reported from three places where global warming is having a catastrophic effect – the Arctic , Bangladesh , and the borders of Darfur .
I spoke to Inuit who are watching in disbelief as their historic hunting - lands disappear and the ice - sheets crumble into the sea .
I stood on the drowning coast of Bangladesh as villagers pointed to a spot in the middle of the sea and said : " That is where my house was . "
" When did you leave ? " I asked .
" Last year , " they said , shaking their heads .
But it was in Darfur that I got the plainest glimpse into a much warmer world .
The settled farmers and the nomadic pastoralists had developed a peaceful way to share the water supplies of the area – but then , in the Nineties , the water started to vanish .
As one refugee put it to me : " The water dried up , and so we started to kill each other for what was left . "
( The UN Secretary General , Ban Ki-moon , has said this is due to global warming , summarising the reports of his leading scientists . )
When the things we require to survive vanish – water , food and land – we do n't wait to die .
We kill for them .
Whenever the scientific consensus is accurately described , the deniers cry that we are being " alarmist " .
There is a difference between being alarmist , and being alarmed by the facts .
To know what we know and carry on pumping out warming gases would n't just be foolish .
It would be a crime .
Yet even politicians who understand the science do n't believe there will be progress at Copenhagen , because we must adhere to " political reality " .
People are n't ready to make changes ; there 's still a sense this is a vague problem for future generations ; the US Senate wo n't pass a bill ; and on , and on .
But in a conflict between political and physical reality , physical reality will win .
You can't stand at the edge of a super - charged hurricane and shout : " The focus groups say I can't deal with you yet . "
Others complain that we who want to prevent the catastrophe must n't be negative or scare people ; we should " stress the positive " .
Yes , there are positive opportunities to grab : it 's a chance for us all to come together in a common cause and to be a great generation , remembered as heroes by history .
But it would be patronising and bizarre to start there .
In 1936 , Winston Churchill and George Orwell warned about the rise of Nazism .
They did n't sugar - coat it .
They did n't wrap it in feel - good homilies .
They treated people like adults .
A terrible threat was rising , and it had to be stopped .
This is our position today .
This is our choice .
We can make history – or we can commit suicide .
Only in the movies could a lion , a zebra , a giraffe , and a hippo wash ashore on Madagascar to start a new life .
But a new computer model suggests there may be a grain of truth in the animated fiction :
The ancestors of ring - tailed lemurs , flying foxes , and other mammals that live on the Indian Ocean island got there aboard natural rafts .
The model supports a 70 - year - old theory that mainland mammals from southeastern Africa " rafted " to the island on large logs or floating carpets of vegetation after being swept out to sea during storms .
The ancient refugees were carried to Madagascar by ocean currents , drifting on the open seas for several weeks before finally coming ashore , the model says .
Based on genetic and ecosystem evidence , this theory makes more sense than the alternative , which holds that Madagascar 's mammals arrived via a land bridge that was later destroyed by shifting continents .
One of the problems with the rafting theory was that ocean currents and prevailing winds around Madagascar today move east to west — away from , not toward , the island .
Now , using computer simulations normally employed to study global warming , scientists think the currents might have been more favorable for drifitng to Madagascar 50 million years ago .
" The biologists were right all along , " said study team member Matthew Huber , a paleoclimatologist at Indiana 's Purdue University .
Lemurs on a Log
One weakness of the land - bridge theory is that today only four major groups of mammals live in Madagascar .
These animals are distantly related to mammals in mainland Africa , and they are all relatively small .
" If there was a land bridge between Africa and Madagascar , why did n't large animals like elephants or lions cross ? "
Huber said .
In addition , genetic evidence suggests Madagascar 's mammals arrived in discrete waves spaced several million years apart .
Lemurs started the migration about 50 million years ago , followed by hedgehog - like tenrecs , then mongoose - like carnivores such as the fossa , and finally rodents 24 million years ago .
Since rafting fits the biological evidence , Huber and co-author Jason Ali of the University of the Hong Kong wanted to find out if currents around the island might have changed over time .
In fact , 50 million years ago Africa and Madagascar sat about 1,000 miles ( 1,600 kilometers ) south of their current positions due to continental drift , the pair note in the paper , appearing today in the online edition of the journal Nature .
By plugging data about the ocean and atmosphere of ancient Earth into modern climate models , Huber and Ali found that ocean currents around the two land masses once flowed eastward , toward Madagascar , after all .
Rafting Debate Settled ?
Huber predicts the 270 - mile ( 430 - kilometer ) ocean voyage may have taken about three weeks when the currents were flowing at their swiftest .
" The simulation suggests that these very fast currents occurred very rarely , maybe one month every hundred years , " Huber said .
And small mammals with naturally low metabolisms could have survived for weeks without much food or fresh water , Huber and Ali suggest .
Anne Yoder , director of the Duke University Lemur Center , said she was " very excited " about the new findings .
" Although I am not surprised by the results , I am gratified to see them , " said Yoder , who was not involved in the research but who reviewed the study for publication in Nature .
" For me the debate is settled : Madagascar 's mammals arrived in Madagascar via ... overwater rafting from Africa . "
The new computer simulation might also help solve other biological mysteries , study co-author Huber added .
" We 're going to see if we can explain how monkeys made it to South America , because as far as paleontologists can tell , they arrived there sometime during the Eocene " — 55.8 to 33.9 million years ago — " when South America was n't connected to anything , " he said .
Bill Gates has got moooves you 've never seen !
The Microsoft founder sponsored an after - hours party at Sundance for Bing.com , and started grooving to the music .
A take down his dance moves below ...-
Gates was in Sundance to attend the documentary " Waiting For Superman " , meet with Robert Redford , and throw his own after - hours party at The House of Hype , where Gates got down , in his own , unique Bill Gates -y way .
Gates is an inspiration for tech nerds everywhere who assure themselves that dropping out of college is truly just the mark of a misunderstood genius , and that someday they will have enough money to buy the attention of pretty women who will be wowed by their savvy both in Silicon Valley AND the dance floor .
Until that day , better study the photos below , which are textbook examples of how geeky guys survive at dances , from Middle School to Sundance .
1. The " Check Your Watch "
What ?
No , he 's not ACTUALLY checking his watch to see how much longer he has to stay until he can go watch SVU in bed with Melinda .
It 's a new DANCE move !
2. The Fist Pull
It 's sort of like the fist pump , but you pull instead of pump .
Oh , it 's cool .
Trust me .
3. The Clap
Sometimes it 's nice to go for an easy move like bopping and clapping , so you can concentrate on staring at the guy who looks like Kid Rock .
4. The High Five
You want to dance with the cute blond , but are n't sure how to go about it .
The High Five is great because it's a totally casual , inconspicuous way to start physical contact , like , " Whoa , this song is SO good , high five ! "
Even the nerdiest of nerds can pull it off .
6 . The Jackhammer
The Fist Bop requires more concentration than the fist pump , so you probably want to bite your lips like a serious dancer .
Hold your hand in a fist directly in front of your chest as if holding onto an unruly jackhammer , and just sort of bop away !
7 . The Lighter
Cool guys at concerts do it all the time , right ?
So easy , it 's foolproof : Just hold out an IMAGINARY LIGHTER and sway .
Do n't even wait for a slow song , this move looks cool always .
[ All images via thedailytruffle.com ]
Ending his brief reign as host of one of television 's longest - running shows , Conan O'Brien today finalized a rich severance deal with NBC that releases the comedian from " The Tonight Show " and frees him to join another network in time for the new fall season , an NBC spokeswoman confirmed .
The settlement , hammered out over the last week , brings to an abrupt end O'Brien 's nearly 20 - year career with NBC , where he began as a staff writer for " Saturday Night Live " in the late 1980s .
His separation from NBC includes a payout that will go down as one of the most eye - popping in the annals of Hollywood : O'Brien , who has 2 1 / 2 years remaining on his contract , will walk away with about $ 32 million , according to people close to the negotiations who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly .
Overall , NBC will have to shell out $ 40 million to $ 50 million to close the book on its late - night drama .
NBC agreed to compensate the show 's staff members , including executive producer Jeff Ross .
About 190 people worked on the show , including nearly 70 people who relocated to Los Angeles from New York early last year to work with O'Brien at the program 's newly built studios on the Universal lot .
NBC and O'Brien 's team spent the last few days ironing out severance packages for all the show 's workers .
O'Brien 's manager , Gavin Polone , said the talk show host would kick in some of his own money for his staff as well .
O'Brien 's final " Tonight Show " appearance will be Friday .
But he may not be off the air for long .
The comedian will be allowed to work on a competing network by September .
Jay Leno will be back in his old time slot even sooner .
Leno , who surrendered " The Tonight Show " to O'Brien last spring and then was handed his own prime - time show on the network at 10 p.m. , will return to late night after NBC's Olympic coverage concludes at the end of February .
The costly resolution ends two weeks of high drama that damaged the images and reputations not only of NBC executives , but also of Leno , who was painted as the villain by many in the media including CBS ' David Letterman , who took numerous jabs at Leno over the last week .
He was also the target of a grass - roots Internet campaign to demonstrate support for the embattled O'Brien .
Earlier this week , Leno provided his side of the story on his program , saying he told NBC executives that he was skeptical that a prime - time show would work .
It was an undignified end to O'Brien 's long career at NBC -- he spent 16 years as host of " Late Night With Conan O'Brien " -- and his short tenure at " The Tonight Show . "
Certainly this was not how NBC anticipated O'Brien 's run with " The Tonight Show " playing out when it declared him the " king of late night " in June after he made his debut as host .
Whisky produces a bad hangover Drinking whisky will result in a worse hangover than vodka , according to research by US scientists .
The reason might lie in the number of molecules called " congeners " which it contains compared to vodka , the Brown University team said .
But the study also suggested that sticking to vodka all night rather than whisky would not improve your performance at work the next day .
The study is published in Alcoholism : Clinical and Experimental Research .
Drinking too much of any alcoholic drink can have a number of undesireable short and long - term effects
Chris Sorek , DrinkAware
The 95 volunteers for the research , all healthy alcohol users , had one night of " acclimatisation " before drinking either whisky or vodka the following night .
They were given enough alcohol to put them a third over the legal driving limit for the UK .
On the third night they were given a " placebo " drink containing no alcohol .
On each occasion , they were then asked how they felt the following day , and were tested on how well they could concentrate on tasks .
The volunteers who drank whisky reported far more hangover symptoms such as headache nausea , thirst and fatigue compared with those who drank vodka .
However , the overall performance at the concentration task was roughly the same between the two groups .
Professor Damaris Rohsenow , who led the research at Brown University in Rhode Island , said : " While people felt worse , they did n't perform worse after bourbon ( a type of whiskey made in the US ) than after vodka . "
He said that the study also showed that workers in " safety - sensitive " roles could be impaired by drinking - long after the alcohol itself had disappeared from the bloodstream .
Chemical trace
The study , which also monitored sleeping patterns in the volunteers , found that disrupted sleep was no worse in either group .
The reason why whisky might cause more unpleasant hangovers might lie in the number of molecules called " congeners " which it contains compared to vodka , said Professor Rohsenow .
These include small amounts of chemicals such as acetone , acetaldehyde and tannins .
Chris Sorek , the chief executive of charity Drinkaware , said that social drinkers should be aware that no alcoholic drink removed the risk of a hangover .
He said : " Christmas is a time to socialise and celebrate , but many people will be drinking excessively - drinking too much of any alcoholic drink can have a number of undesirable short and long - term effects . "
While exceeding recommended daily limits might mean hangovers the following day , he said , in the long term , regular heavy drinking could increase the risk of cancer or liver disease .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google has unveiled its highly anticipated " Google Phone , " or the Nexus One , an Android - powered smartphone and the first device the company will sell directly from a new online store .
At a Google press event held Tuesday afternoon at the company 's Mountain View , Calif .
headquarters , Google vice president Mario Queiroz billed the new Nexus One as a " superphone " and an " exemplar of what 's possible " on mobile phones running Android .
He did n't precisely define the term superphone , other than to suggest it has greater capabilities than today 's existing smartphones .
Queiroz spoke along with several other panelists including mobile guru Andy Rubin , HTC CEO Peter Chou , and even competitor Motorola Co-CEO Sanjay Jha .
All of them took pains to deflect concerns that Google has shifted course with its Android OS , or that Google could muddy the waters for its current wireless industry partners by selling its own branded device .
The hardware itself looks pretty slick , even if the moniker " superphone " ends up in the eye of the beholder .
Essentially , the Nexus
One is a slim touch - screen slab handset manufactured by HTC , the company behind the original , the , and the .
The Nexus One weighs 4.6 ounces and measures 0.45 - inches thick .
It features a 3.7 - inch , 480 - by - 800 - pixel glass capacitive AMOLED touch screen , a next - generation 1 - GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU , and Android 2.1 , a brand new version of the company 's open - source mobile OS .
Other hardware features include a 5 - megapixel auto - focus camera with an LED flash and geotagging capability , 512MB of internal memory , and a microSD card slot .
Two mics provide Bluetooth headset - like active noise cancellation for improved call quality in loud environments .
The trackball doubles as a notification tool , Queiroz said , in that it contains a multi- color LED for indicating incoming calls and other notifications .
A 3.5 - mm headphone jack and stereo Bluetooth support offer music lovers multiple options for listening to tunes .
Queiroz reiterated Android 's virtues during the course of the press conference .
" Android enables lower manufacturing costs and faster time to market , " he said , in a direct shot at Microsoft before turning his sights on Apple , whose can't run multiple applications simultaneously except in specific narrow circumstances .
" The [ Android ] architecture enables true ' always on ' applications in the background .
I can be listening to music , playing my favorite game , my wife can call me , I 'll pick up the phone , talk to her , hang up the call , and continue listening to music and playing my game  much like what you have on your desktop computer or on your laptop , " Queiroz said .
The 1 - GHz Snapdragon CPU helps matters , of course , and should be beefy enough for running several applications at once ; some earlier Android devices have been sluggish in this regard .
Android 2.1 sports a number of improvements , including smoother menu animation , five new home screen panels , and a funky new Weather widget that offers an interactive graph for real - time weather data .
Eric Tseng , product manager at Google , demonstrated live wallpaper of a lake that responded to touches by showing ripples in the surface of the water .
The photo app , meanwhile , offers new 3D visualizations , a stacks - of - photos idiom for interacting with albums , and faster photo loading .
The device syncs with Picasa albums in the background , and uploads videos to YouTube with a single click .
Finally , every text entry box is now voice - recognition - enabled with server - side processing , not just from within Google Maps Navigation like in Android 2.0 .
Tseng also showed off a sneak preview of Google Earth for Android , complete with 3D - enhanced flyover views .
The animation was a little choppy here , but undeniably impressive for a cell phone .
The Nexus
One does n't support modem tethering , though Google mobile guru Andy Rubin said at the conference that it 's just a technical issue , not a strategic one at this point .
Android 2.1 will come preloaded on the Nexus One , and will be available " in a few days " to the open - source community .
But carriers and hardware vendors will have to approve individual updates for existing Android handsets .
As indicated , the Google Nexus One will sell for $ 529.99 unlocked , or $ 179.99 with one of T - Mobile 's two - year service plans .
The unlocked version will work with an AT&T SIM , but only at 2G speeds , as it lacks support for the requisite bands to access AT&T's 3G network .
In a first , Google will sell both unlocked and contracted versions of the Nexus One through a new online portal located at www.google.com/phone beginning today .
Buyers can also order custom engraving with the phone .
Separately , Google has also announced Verizon and Vodafone as partners , indicating that a CDMA version of the Nexus One will be available in the spring .
For now , customers can buy a Motorola Droid on Verizon from the new Google online store .
One telling comment came later in the conference from HTC CEO Peter Chou , who described the Nexus One as just the beginning of what is possible with Google 's new .
In a response to a reporter 's question about how Google plans to avoid AT&T 's trouble in providing enough coverage for its iPhone customers , Chou emphasized the distinction between carrier service offerings and the phone itself .
" I believe an operator has their own offering to their customers , " Chou said .
" This [ online store ] is one of the additional channels for people to have different choices , and also this is one way that we can get some of our innovation out a little bit earlier " perhaps a veiled reference to lengthy U.S. carrier device approval processes and exclusive deals , which often frustrate handset vendors and consumers alike .
Later , Motorola Co-CEO
Sanjay Jha deflected concerns about the Nexus One 's potential impact on Motorola Droid sales , and made several good - natured comments about his rival at HTC .
" I think Nexus One is a good phone .
I think Droid is a good phone .
I think we will update Droid to the newest [ Android 2.1 ] software .
[ HTC CEO ]
Peter and I compete , but both of us support the [ Android ] ecosystem .
I think today Android is the fastest growing ecosystem .
I think that is ultimately good for all of us participating . "
Controller for Analogue Sampler
So first you say .
" Analogue Sampler ?... Hu ? ?? "
Ok let me explain .
The term was derived from a joke David Vorhaus pulled on a reporter once .
For those who do n't know , David Vorhaus is an electronics technician by trade but is one of the few true synthesists .
Inventor of such things as the Kaleidophon .
A four ribbon synth controller that looks something like a chapman stick .
He 'd just released another album heralding the invention of sampling as common place .
He said he only releases an album whenever there 's been a significant change in synthesis technology .
Anyway he said to the reporter something like .
" Of course we had samplers back in the early 60s you know . "
The reporter sort of went " oh yea ? " in disbelief .
Vorhaus went on something like .
" Oh yea sure .
You could sample for anything up to 90 minutes at a stretch with no quantize noise and very reasonable quality in general .
Some even had valves in them . "
As you can imagine the reporter 's jaw hit the floor .
Imagining this huge machine that filled a building with wall to wall vacuum tubes and the power consumption of a small city .
The reporter composed himself and said " So what did you call this thing ? "
Vorhaus replied " it was called A tape recorder . "
So based on this we called the device an Analogue Sampler .
It was based round an old 4 track cassette deck .
The idea was that it would use the 4th track as a control track .
We 'd record our backing tracks on the first two tracks in stereo and a click track for the drummer on track 3 .
The tape would first be initialized with a tone .
When the tone was lost the tape machine would wait a short period and stop .
At least I think that 's how it worked .
It was a long time ago .
It could have run till it picked up the start of the next tone but I 'm not sure .
In any case the problem was that it needed to be absolutely sure to pick up the right tone and not be fooled by any noise or spikes etc .
The kind of things that happen in a live environment with lighting rigs and such .
It had to be absolutely fail safe .
Well as fail safe as I could make it .
The first attempt used a filter and it was n't too successful over all .
The circuit here is the second attempt .
It used a 567 tone decoder .
It produced the tone as well as detected it .
A series of flip - flops and other logic was used to control the motor of the tape machine and eventually the whole unit was mounted inside the cassette deck itself .
Simple RC networks provided the delays and it could even cope with short but complete tone drop - outs caused by damaged tape .
It could pick up the tone even when attenuated by 30dB .
And of course it would refuse to be confused by levels in excess of it 's designed range .
It was almost impervious to noise .
Even when the tone was recorded in the noise floor of the tape .
It was pretty remarkable really .
I do n't think I 've ever built anything more bullet proof .
The circuit says it all .
Well almost all .
The rest can be gathered from the data sheet on the LM567 tone decoder .
Of which can be obtained by going to National Semiconductor 's site on the web and downloading it in Adobe Acrobat ( PDF ) format .
The neat thing about this circuit is that it not only decodes the tone , it also produces it in the first place with it 's built in oscillator .
The tone is gated on every time the start switch is pressed .
That way the same circuitry is used in play or record .
Pressing stop gates off the tone in record mode and then stops the tape .
That way the time delay is roughly the same in both modes .
The op - amps are not critical .
I used what I had at the time .
Except for the 3140 .
That is critical for squaring up the data into the tone decoder .
Unfortunately 3140s tend to be somewhat on the expensive side .
If anyone knows where I can get a cheap tube ???
The only other thing possibly worth mentioning about this circus is that you need to run it on 10 volts .
I believe that 's the maximum safe operating voltage for the 567 .
There was also a MK III Analogue sampler .
This time I was getting a little too ambitious .
It was based round a Z80 computer .
Complete with colour graphics display .
It had two tone decoders and also a 600 BPS modem .
The basic system worked in the same way as the MK II version however it also recorded a data track along with it at a different frequency .
The data would have been used for event control .
There was provision for converting it to MIDI events which could have been used for control of lights or anything we needed .
Of course there would have been a limited number of events with only a 600 baud modem but useful none the less .
It was also thought that even lyrics could have been encoded in such a way as to provide a kind of auto - cue system .
Of course it never happens that way .
We bought a DAT machine and the AS got scrapped .
Hell I can't write software for peanuts and besides , the DAT machine did most of this stuff anyway .
With digital quality no less .
I 've not included the circuits for the latter generation of AS because I can't quite work out how it was all spoze to work after all this time .
It 's really complex by the looks .
Has a couple of audio transformers to isolate the control from the audio and a UART and stuff .
But I 'll post the stuff if anyone 's really , really interested .
View or Download
Schematic in
GIF file format
Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in December suggests that economic activity has continued to strengthen and that the deterioration in the labor market is abating .
Household spending is expanding at a moderate rate but remains constrained by a weak labor market , modest income growth , lower housing wealth , and tight credit .
Business spending on equipment and software appears to be picking up , but investment in structures is still contracting and employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls .
Firms have brought inventory stocks into better alignment with sales .
While bank lending continues to contract , financial market conditions remain supportive of economic growth .
Although the pace of economic recovery is likely to be moderate for a time , the Committee anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability .
With substantial resource slack continuing to restrain cost pressures and with longer - term inflation expectations stable , inflation is likely to be subdued for some time .
The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 1/4 percent and continues to anticipate that economic conditions , including low rates of resource utilization , subdued inflation trends , and stable inflation expectations , are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period .
To provide support to mortgage lending and housing markets and to improve overall conditions in private credit markets , the Federal Reserve is in the process of purchasing $ 1.25 trillion of agency mortgage - backed securities and about $ 175 billion of agency debt .
In order to promote a smooth transition in markets , the Committee is gradually slowing the pace of these purchases , and it anticipates that these transactions will be executed by the end of the first quarter .
The Committee will continue to evaluate its purchases of securities in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets .
In light of improved functioning of financial markets , the Federal Reserve will be closing the Asset - Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility , the Commercial Paper Funding Facility , the Primary Dealer Credit Facility , and the Term Securities Lending Facility on February 1 , as previously announced .
In addition , the temporary liquidity swap arrangements between the Federal Reserve and other central banks will expire on February 1 .
The Federal Reserve is in the process of winding down its Term Auction Facility : $ 50 billion in 28 - day credit will be offered on February 8 and $ 25 billion in 28 - day credit will be offered at the final auction on March 8 .
The anticipated expiration dates for the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility remain set at June 30 for loans backed by new - issue commercial mortgage - backed securities and March 31 for loans backed by all other types of collateral .
The Federal Reserve is prepared to modify these plans if necessary to support financial stability and economic growth .
Voting for the FOMC monetary policy action were : Ben S. Bernanke , Chairman ; William C. Dudley , Vice Chairman ; James Bullard ; Elizabeth A. Duke ; Donald L. Kohn ; Sandra Pianalto ; Eric S. Rosengren ; Daniel K. Tarullo ; and Kevin M. Warsh .
Voting against the policy action was Thomas M. Hoenig , who believed that economic and financial conditions had changed sufficiently that the expectation of exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period was no longer warranted .
Avid bicyclist Ethan wanted to mount his GPS - enabled phone to his handlebars , but found the retail solutions both unstable and far too accommodating to opportunistic thieves .
His $ 5 solution turns a flashlight mount into a sturdy and convenient smartphone dashboard .
Advertisement
The project might actually cost a bit more than $ 5 , given that Ethan had a very cheap silicone phone case he was willing to sand down and attach part of the flashlight mount to .
Still , it 's fairly cheap ( $ 2 or so , based on a link ) to find a cellphone case you do n't care too much about , and the flashlight mount is less than $ 3 .
The hardware hacking required is very minimal , and mostly consists of sanding things down to ensure a firm grip and smoothing over the finished product .
With his smartphone mount , Ethan can track his progress via GPS , get turn - by - turn directions in unfamiliar neighborhoods , and even take phone calls — audio or video — from his handlebars .
If you had an Android phone , you could utilize the fitness data dream of My Tracks , or give RunKeeper and Fitnio a go on the iPhone .
Advertisement
Got your own bike - mounted phone solution ?
We 're eager to see the evidence in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
DIY : $ 5 bicycle dashboard and GPS [ Angered Brackets ]
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
Oil rose above $ 81 a barrel on Monday , rebounding from an earlier decline , as a falling U.S. dollar and gains in U.S. equities outweighed a weak oil supply and demand picture .
An employee fills a car with fuel at a petrol station in Tirana July 28 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Arben Celi
The dollar weakened against a basket of currencies , making oil cheaper for holders of other currencies .
U.S. stocks opened higher after a sell - off in the previous session .
“ The financial market environment is still supportive for oil prices despite still weak fundamental data , ” said Carsten Fritsch , analyst at Commerzbank .
U.S. crude for December delivery was up 99 cents to $ 81.49 by 1420 GMT , having earlier fallen to as low as $ 79.57 .
It reached a 2009 high of $ 82.00 on Oct. 21 .
Brent crude rose $ 1.06 to $ 79.98 .
The dollar fell to a 14 - month low against the euro .
A Chinese report saying Beijing should increase its holdings of euros and yen in its foreign reserves knocked the U.S. currency .
U.S. crude oil was expected to average $ 74.00 a barrel in 2010 , a Reuters poll showed on Monday , as almost one third of analysts surveyed increased their forecasts on the back of a stronger economic outlook .
For a graphic showing the Reuters oil price poll , click here
$ 85 ?
Goldman Sachs said the near 10 percent jump in prices over the last two weeks was due to a rebound in diesel demand , and backed a view prices will hit $ 85 a barrel before 2009 is out .
China was again the bright spot for the global economic outlook , following comments by Vice Premier Li Keqiang that the country ’s economic recovery has consolidated after having performed better than expected .
Its strong economic growth was reflected in a 12.5 percent year on year jump in implied oil demand , the sixth rise in a row and first double - digit growth since August 2006 .
The earnings season continues this week , offering more clues about the strength of economic recovery .
Verizon Communications
Inc reported third - quarter revenue that rose from a year earlier but profit that fell as costs increased .
Oil rallied despite potentially bearish near - term supply developments .
Nigeria ’s main militant group reinstated a ceasefire on Sunday in the oil - producing Niger Delta to allow for peace talks .
The oil price rally has caused some concern within the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , prompting some officials to raise the prospect of raising its oil output .
OPEC will lift supply to protect the global economic recovery at a meeting in December if oil prices rise to $ 100 , Jose Botelho de Vasconcelos , the group ’s president , said on Sunday .
( Additional reporting by Fayen Wong ; editing by James Jukwey )
US may be ‘ unintentionally involved in vast protection racket ’ : Tierney
Troop surge could backfire if it means more cash for insurgents
A House committee has launched an investigation into claims that US military contractors in Afghanistan are paying the Taliban to guarantee the safety of their transportation convoys , an allegation that could mean American taxpayers are indirectly funding the insurgency that has killed more than 900 American soldiers so far .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Serious allegations have been [ made ] that private security providers for US transportation contractors in Afghanistan are regularly paying local warlords and the Taliban for security , ” said Rep. John Tierney ( D - MA ) , chairman of the Subcommittee on National Security and Foreign Affairs .
“ After a preliminary inquiry , it has been determined these reports warrant a full - scale subcommittee investigation . ”
Tierney said that if the allegations are proven to be true , “ it would mean that the United States is unintentionally engaged in a vast protection racket and , as such , may be indirectly funding the very insurgents we are trying to fight . ”
Allegations that contractors are resorting to bribing insurgents to guarantee their safety first came to light in an article in The Nation last month .
Aram Roston reported :
Welcome to the wartime contracting bazaar in Afghanistan .
It is a virtual carnival of improbable characters and shady connections , with former CIA officials and ex-military officers joining hands with former Taliban and mujahedeen to collect US government funds in the name of the war effort .
In this grotesque carnival , the US military ’s contractors are forced to pay suspected insurgents to protect American supply routes .
It is an accepted fact of the military logistics operation in Afghanistan that the US government funds the very forces American troops are fighting .
And it is a deadly irony , because these funds add up to a huge amount of money for the Taliban .
“ It ’s a big part of their income , ” one of the top Afghan government security officials told The Nation in an interview .
In fact , US military officials in Kabul estimate that a minimum of 10 percent of the Pentagon ’s logistics contracts –hundreds of millions of dollars –consists of payments to insurgents .
Several days after the Nation report , the Financial Times reported that “ Taliban fighters have turned NATO ’s huge logistics chain into a big source of funds by extorting money from hauliers and kidnapping their drivers for ransom , raising hundreds of thousands of dollars a year , the companies say . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The FT said the bribery problem is adding to a growing “ war economy ” in Afghanistan , and may in fact cause President Obama ’s Afghan troop surge to backfire because it will give insurgents more targets for extortion :
The militants ’ ability to prey on supply lines on both sides of the border shows how the Afghan conflict fuels a self - sustaining war economy in which the boundaries between insurgency , organised crime and banditry are blurred .
Although the amount gleaned from transporters is smaller than the Taliban ’s multi-million - dollar income from the opium trade and donations from supporters in Gulf states , any big increase in US troop numbers will provide more convoys to target .
“ The more trucks there are , and the more roads that are in use , the more opportunities there are for extortion , ” a US official said .
The House subcommittee has requested documents from the Pentagon and from eight principal contractors involved in the Host Nation Trucking program , a $ 2.1 - billion initiative that coordinates US military supply lines in Afghanistan , allowing for the shipping of everything from food and water to fuel and ammunition .
ADVERTISEMENT
A number of progressive activists and politicians have pointed to the allegations of bribery as a sign that the war effort in Afghanistan is misguided .
Last week , House Rep. Dennis Kucinich described the alleged schemes as a “ racket . ”
“ US contractors are paying US tax dollars to the Taliban in order to protect the delivery of US shipments of US goods to US soldiers so that our soldiers can fight the Taliban , ” Kucinich said , starkly illustrating the implications of the bribery claims .
If you 're playing Modern Warfare 2 on the Xbox 360 , you might want to lay low for a few days .
Yet another problem has been discovered in Infinity Ward 's game , and this one 's a real bastard , with the ability to " infect " your profile and turn you into the game equivalent of an HIV carrier .
According to reports , players get " infected " by unwittingly joining a private match hosted by a carrier .
They then get hit by the same issue -- unlimited ammo and no reloads -- and can pass it on if the end up hosting any games themselves .
Allegedly , it 's " spreading like an STD . "
This unique issue started out as a mod on the PC version of the game , which we spoke about yesterday .
It has been transported to the Xbox 360 and put to more sinister work .
Infinity Ward is apparently " working " on the issue , and it appears that Microsoft is wielding its banhammer for anybody caught employing it .
A lot of people like to blame Infinity Ward for these issues , but who on Earth could predict that AIDS would come to Modern Warfare 2 ?
I think it has more to do with the determination of cheaters to break the game than IW 's development skills .
If you make the biggest game of the year , it 's bound to get hit by the largest population of exploiters and hackers who will instantly set about trying to ruin the game for everyone , especially if they feel they 're proving some sort of " point " about Infinity Ward 's online decisions .
What do you think ?
Is Infinity Ward at fault here , or do we blame the sheer willpower of the cheaters ?
The UK has just started to consider a new Digital Economy bill that could eventually usher in sanctions for illegal P2P use .
From a rightsholder perspective , this makes it an inconvenient time for studies showing that P2P use is actually dropping , so the music industry commissioned a new study of its own which shows that other techniques for infringing copyright are picking up the slack .
Would you believe that newsgroup usage is soaring ?
In summer 2009 , a survey found that UK broadband users who also happened to be " music fans " were using P2P less than ever — only 17 percent swapped copyrighted files with regularity , down from 22 percent back in 2007 .
And rather than switching to other piratical modes of acquisition , many of these users were just going to legal streaming services like Spotify , YouTube , and MySpace instead .
While good news from one perspective , such a finding could put a damper on the idea ( found in the new Digital Economy bill ) that the Secretary of State should be granted fast - track authority to impose all sorts of sanctions on Internet - using copyright infringers .
BPI , the UK 's major label music trade group , has now countered with a new study of its own , one which is big on percentages but light on real numbers .
The study was performed by Harris Interactive in November 2009 , and even BPI 's writeup of the results has to admit that " peer - to - peer use remains level " at 23 percent .
But , says the trade group , " non-P2P methods to acquire music illegally have grown significantly in last six months , and are expected to keep growing , " and it has the shocking stats to prove it .
In the last six months , the survey shows big increases in the use of overseas unlicensed MP3 pay sites ( 47 percent surge ! ) , newsgroups ( 42 percent increase ! ) , MP3 search engines ( 28 percent upswing ! ) and forum , blog and board links to cyberlockers ( 18 percent explosion ! ) .
Must !
Act !
Now !
But percentage increases do n't mean much on their own , and it 's clear that the non -P2P usage stats are relatively low .
BPI stresses that P2P remains by far the largest threat to its business , though just about any data can justify a call to pass the Digital Economy bill .
For instance , though the industry 's own evidence shows P2P use holding steady , and outside surveys show it declining , BPI boss Geoff Taylor stresses the still - too - high P2P usage level in his call to action .
" It ’s disappointing that levels of illegal P2P use remain high despite this and the publicity surrounding imminent measures to address the problem , " he said .
" It 's vital that those measures come into force as quickly as possible . "
Shift the discussion to non-P2P methods of infringement and the argument changes dramatically .
It 's not about high levels , but growth rates .
" The growth in other , non -P2P methods of downloading music illegally is a concern , and highlights the importance of including a mechanism in the Digital Economy Bill to deal with threats other than P2P , " he said in the same press release .
It 's easy to look at all of this another way , too , which is that P2P is a serious issue — but it 's not singlehandedly destroying music .
Despite numerous claims and studies over the years about P2P sucking up anywhere from 40 to 90 percent of backbone Internet bandwidth , the P2P usage rate just is n't that high .
The BPI - commissioned study puts P2P use in the UK at 23 percent ( among Internet users aged 16 - 54 ) .
The global music industry trade group IFPI says that P2P use hovers at around 18 percent in Europe as a whole .
And the Leading Questions survey from summer 2009 puts the UK P2P use rate at only 17 percent — and it even included 14 and 15 - year olds in its study .
The numbers are certainly high , but are they we - demand - you - rewrite - the - laws - immediately high ?
Plenty of skeptics say no , and not just the usual digital rights advocates .
This summer , EU Commissioner Viviane Reding said that increased piracy was a " vote of no -confidence in existing business models and legal solutions , " adding that it should be a " wake - up call for policy - makers . "
The UK's All Party Parliamentary Communications Group also concluded this year that " much of the problem with illegal sharing of copyrighted material has been caused by the rightsholders , and the music industry in particular , being far too slow in getting their act together and making popular legal alternatives available . "
At least the music industry has recognized this problem for some time , and BPI 's Geoff Taylor begins his recent statement by stressing just how far the industry has come : " There are now more than thirty - five legal digital music services in the UK , offering music fans a great choice of ways to get music legally . "
Andasol 1 is Europe ’s first parabolic trough solar thermal power station , which went online in Nov 2008 .
It is located on a high desert site in Granada , Spain , which enjoys a high level of direct insolation – an average of 2,136 kWh / m2 / year .
The mirror field — turbine infrastructure can yield a peak electricity generation capacity of 49.9 MWe ( 20 MWe average , see below ) .
It also has a thermal storage system using molten salt .
The purpose of this post is to consider how one might scale up an Andasol 1 type plant in order to meet a rated power demand for 8,000 hours per year — thereby giving it a capacity factor of ~ 90 % , similar to a baseload coal or nuclear power stations .
This is a first attempt to improve the comparisons first given in TCASE 4 .
But first , let ’s look at the technology and current numbers .
Here ’s a good summary of its main features :
The Andasol 1 storage system absorbs part of the heat produced in the solar field during the day .
A turbine produces electricity using this heat during the night , or when the sky is overcast .
This process almost doubles the number of operational hours at the solar thermal power plant per year , the company said .
The heat generated in the solar field will be stored in a molten mixture of 60 % sodium nitrate and 40 % potassium nitrate .
Both substances are used in food production as preservatives and are also used as fertilizer .
The storage tank consists of two , 14 - meter high tanks with a diameter of 36 meters and a capacity of 28,500 tons of molten salt .
During the pumping process from the cold to the hot tank , the molten salt absorbs additional heat at an outlet temperature of approximately 280 °C , reaching a temperature of 380°C .
A fully loaded storage system can keep the turbine in operation for 7.5 hours , which means almost 24 - hour operation of the power plant in during high sunshine periods .
More technical details , including some useful illustrations of the storage system , can be found here and here .
In summary , the solar collectors for the existing plant add up to a total of 510,120 square metres ( 0.51 km2 ) , consisting of 209,664 mirrors along 312 rows with a total length of 24 km , with 90 kilometres of absorption pipes .
The total physical area occupied by the plant ( after appropriate collector spacing , and allowing for the storage and turbine housing , etc. ) is 1.95 km2 .
The estimated energy yield is 178 GWh / year ( I have n’t seen reports of actual performance data ) , at a capacity factor of 40.7 % , and an average power yield of 10.4 W / m2 .
It will use 560 million litres / year of fresh water , mostly for cooling the steam circuit , drawn from local ground water ( a plant using air cooling would have a lower efficiency and would have to be larger to compensate ) .
The lifespan of the plant is estimated to be 30 — 40 years .
Precise construction costs are hard to come by , but it seems to have been about €300 million ( $ AUD 500 million ) .
This works out to be $ 25 billion per GWe of average power , but this is clearly a first - of - a - kind cost that can be expected to fall with replicated builds .
The levelised cost of energy ( including the energy storage ) is estimated to be 45 c / kWh ( in Australian cents ) — which is about the size of the Spanish feed - in tariff which is set to run for 25 years .
Including its charge for electricity to customers , the maximum cost has been capped at 58 c / kWh .
Some of the above data were already summarised in TCASE 4 , and cooling water requirements were covered in TCASE 6 .
The crucial data for construction material requirements for Andasol 1 is found in the NEEDS report 2008 , “ Final report on technical data , costs , and life cycle inventories of solar thermal power plants ” – specifically , Table 7.3 , page 88 .
Early in the report ( page 28 ) , they calculate costs for a solar thermal power station , located in the Sahara ( with better insolation than Spain , but let ’s skip this detail for simplicity ) , generating for 8000 hours per annum — close enough to 90 % .
They base this on 16 hours storage per day , which they project can be achieved by 2020 .
The value of 16 seems to be an average number of hours per year , rather than the crucial minimum delivery .
Given that the time in winter that is suitable for generating with solar thermal technology is about 5 or 6 hours per day ( on clear sunny days ) , the power station would need to have 18 to 19 hours storage to allow it to have a capacity factor of 90 % ( excluding bad weather ) .
The base figures for material inputs for the current plant works out to be 1,303 tonnes of concrete , 406 tonnes of steel , and 133 tonnes of glass , per average MWe .
To increase the capacity factor from 40 % to 90 % , one would have to roughly increase the size of the mirror field by a factor of 2.25 ( 90/40 ) and the thermal storage facilities by 2.5 ( 18.5/7.5 ) .
The larger mirror field can be rationalised on two fronts : ( 1 ) more collecting area is required to recharge the larger volume of storage salts , and ( 2 ) the solar multiple for winter will be about twice that of summer .
Let ’s use a half - way figure from above — 2.4 — as a scaling constant .
This gives 3,127 tonnes of concrete , 974 tonnes of steel , and 300 tonnes of glass per MWe delivered at a 90 % capacity factor .
Scaled up to the size of an AP - 1000 reactor ( 1,154 MWe at 90 % CF ) , this is 3.61 million tonnes of concrete , 1.12 million tonnes of steel , and 0.34 million tonnes of glass , with the total plant covering ~ 101 km2 of desert .
By comparison , the reactor would require 0.24 million tonnes of concrete and 0.015 tonnes of steel , and occupy 0.04 km2 of land .
So , the comparative solar : nuclear ratios comes out as follows :
— — — — — — — — — — —— —— ——
Ratio of materials / land requirements , for equivalent solar thermal : nuclear ( both calculated at 90 % capacity factor ) :
Concrete = 15 : 1 ; Steel = 75 : 1 ; Land = 2,530 : 1
— — — — — — — — — — —— —— ——
The conclusion ?
When energy storage is properly accounted for , the material and land requirements for solar thermal vs nuclear power area appallingly lop - sided .
Further , if the solar plant does n’t end up lasting 40 years , and the AP - 1000 lasts 60 years ( nearly half of the US reactor fleet is now licensed to run for this long ) , then the numbers get even more skewed .
Needless to say , for concrete and steel — two of the most carbon - intensive products embedded in any power generation facility — this amounts to a large difference in the embodied energy and associated greenhouse gas emissions of the capital infrastructure .
As such , the additional mining , required to deliver the limestone and iron ore needed to produce the construction materials for solar thermal versus nuclear , must be set against uranium mining ( until Generation IV reactors are standard , that is ) .
Anti-nukes who raise the mining objection against nuclear power , but ignore the mining associated with solar ( or wind ) construction , are presenting a false comparison .
They ca n’t have it both ways .
Although I have been careful in my calculations , the above figures are nevertheless a first attempt .
As such I ’m happy to entertain challenges from commenters , and if these criticisms prove to be right , then I ’ll happy adjust my comparative figures accordingly .
Posted by alicia on 02 Dec 2009 / 0 Comment
This was originally published at Cycads .
Once a week , I meet with people studying gender in the Middle East and we talk about the assigned articles we ’ve read during the week .
Last week , it was about sexuality and homophobia .
Emerging from our discussion on LGBT rights in the Middle East ( particularly in Lebanon and Palestine ) is the question why many Muslim feminists have failed to include sexuality rights on their agenda .
Not one , but two people answered by saying that Muslim feminists have too many issues on their hands to fight for gay rights , which suggests that LGBT rights are not really an Islamic feminist issue and that more pressing injustices ( female genital cutting , polygynyy , personal status laws governed by Shariah courst ) –essentially Muslim women ’s issues–should always take precedence .
There was for a moment a mental jawdrop , but then I realized that this state of affairs is n’t surprising at all .
Feminism has always been about picking and choosing issues that mattered most to its members who have experienced those issues first hand .
White feminists have never really cared about Black feminist issues , etc. , perhaps mostly because it ’s nearly impossible to place oneself in another ’s shoes and understand what it ’s like to endure life as someone else .
In the case of Islamic feminism , to say that all its members are straight , cisgendered , and able women is a bit of a stretch , but the idea that Muslim feminism is for straight , cisgendered , and able Muslim women certainly is reflected in the movements .
Compared to the widespread violence inflicted on gay men in Iraq , female homosexuality in the Middle East in general is relatively sheltered from persecution .
This is perhaps due to the practice of gender segregation in public and private spaces , restrictions on the movement of women and girls , and the fact that female sexuality and desire are very often devalued .
And according to Iman al - Ghafari :
Erotic relations among women are devalued as a temporary substitute for the love of men , and are considered of no real threat to the dominant heterosexual system as long as they remain undercover , or in the closet .
The two huge obstacles to pursuing gay rights activism within the Islamic feminism framework are the apparent prohibition of same - sex relations in Islam and the deeply homophobic attitude that prevails many Muslim communities .
With only the story of the prophet Lut ( AS ) and the morally corrupt citizens of Sodom and Gomorrah that is hyper - reduced to a story of sodomy ( but not their other sins or Lut [ AS ] offering his daughters to the people of Sodom in lieu of his angelic guests [ Surah al - Hud ] ) as legally - and socially - binding final word on homosexuality , self - identified gay Muslims have very little to defend themselves with from the systematic condemnation often reserved for criminals .
What is being attacked in homophobic societies here are not actually the identities “ gay ” , “ lesbian ” , or “ homosexual ” the way we understand them – these are terms that have been developed in and adopted from Western sexology – but really the “ feminization ” of men and the “ masculinization ” of women .
Notions of masculinity / femininity and sexual identities in the Middle East are not commensurable with those constituted within Eurocentric psychological / psychiatric / feminist jargon .
To be a man and have sex with another man does not necessarily make him gay , as long as he stays “ on top ” .
In fact , in some Muslim communities , to be the penetrator in whatever form of sexual relations often equates with a kind of hyper - masculinity .
Those who do identify themselves as “ gay ” however gain the validation of their identities through the internet , media , and social circles .
Arguably , most who do call themselves gay belong to the middle class .
It should matter a great deal to Muslim feminists to take on board other “ non-traditional ” issues like sexuality , not to mention transgendered and disability issues if the movement intends to take on a more holistic approach to tackling social injustices .
In addition , these non-traditional issues can benefit greatly from the activism work and academic rigor that Muslim feminism is particularly strong at .
Perhaps then Muslim feminism is not only about Muslim women ; which is not a bad thing , but an ever - broadening movement that rises to the challenge whenever oppression and Islam intersect .
The Liberal Party in Australia ’s parliament has a new leader .
Herald Sun Blogger and Columnist , Andrew bolt writes to me in an email :
Anthony ,
This may be a first : a major political party has dumped a global warming believer as leader and replaced him with sceptic who last month called AGW “ crap ” .
Tony Abbott has tempered his public pronouncements since , but has today become the new Liberal leader , toppling warmist Malcolm Turnbull , specifically because he was the only one of the three contenders today to promise to delay the Government ’s emissions trading scheme .
Bolt adds some background :
Following up with excerpts from new Liberal leader Tony Abbott ’s memoir Battlelines , released in July .
On page 171 he quotes , with approval , Bjorn Lomborg :
“ Natural science has undeniably shown us that global warming is man-made and real .
But just as undeniable is the economic science , which makes it clear that a narrow focus on reducing carbon emissions could leave future generations lumbered with major costs , without major cuts in temperatures . ”
Abbott then adds :
“ Without binding universal arrangements , any effort by Australia ( on emissions trading ) could turn out to be a futile gesture , damaging local industry but making no appreciable dent in global emissions … .
Another big problem with any Australian emissions reduction scheme is that it would not make a material difference to atmospheric carbon concentrations unless the big international polluters had similar schemes .
Australia accounts for about 1 per cent of global carbon dioxide emissions .
At recent rates of growth , China ’s increase in emissions in about a year could match Australia ’s entire carbon dioxide output .
Without binding universal arrangements , any effort by Australia could turn out to be a futile gesture , damaging local industry but making no appreciable dent in global emissions . ”
He also questions what climate alarmists truly want :
“ It ’s hard to take climate alarmists all that seriously , though , when they ’re as ferociously against the one proven technology that could reduce electricity emissions to zero , nuclear power , as they are in favour of urgent reduction in emissions .
For many , reducing emissions is a means to achieving a political objective they could not otherwise gain . ”
======
Lest you think that Climategate had nothing to do with this political shift , please read what Bolt had to say about its impact in my previous post :
The Australian ETS vote : a political litmus test for cap and trade
Several MPs have indeed mentioned the emails in their party room speeches , and your correspondents miss the way MPs actually pick up things .
Andrew Bolt has one of the most read blogs and columns in Australia and is helping to educate both people and politicians alike on the true costs of climatic induced cap and trade , please visit his blog to show some support .
– Anthony
http://blogs.news.com.au/heraldsun/andrewbolt/
Following up with excerpts from new Liberal leader Tony Abbott ’s memoir Battlelines , released in July .
On page 171 he quotes , with approval , Bjorn Lomborg : “ Natural science has undeniably shown us that global warming is man-made and real .
But just as undeniable is the economic science , which makes it clear that a narrow focus on reducing carbon emissions could leave future generations lumbered with major costs , without major cuts in temperatures . ”
Abbott then adds : “ Without binding universal arrangements , any effort by Australia ( on emissions trading ) could turn out to be a futile gesture , damaging local industry but making no appreciable dent in global emissions .…
Another big problem with any Australian emissions reduction scheme is that it would not make a material difference to atmospheric carbon concentrations unless the big international polluters had similar schemes .
Australia accounts for about 1 per cent of global carbon dioxide emissions .
At recent rates of growth , China ’s increase in emissions in about a year could match Australia ’s entire carbon dioxide output .
Without binding universal arrangements , any effort by Australia could turn out to be a futile gesture , damaging local industry but making no appreciable dent in global emissions . ”
He also questions what climate alarmists truly want : “ It ’s hard to take climate alarmists all that seriously , though , when they ’re as ferociously against the one proven technology that could reduce electricity emissions to zero , nuclear power , as they are in favour of urgent reduction in emissions .
For many , reducing emissions is a means to achieving a political objective they could not otherwise gain . ”
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Specialists in religious history recently surpassed all other topical categories in our annual look at AHA members , raising interesting questions about what is attracting fresh interest in the field .
In the annual snapshot of members ( taken in spring 2009 ) , 7.7 percent of the membership selected religion as one of three areas of interest .
This was more than cultural history ( now selected by 7.5 percent of the membership ) , which had been the most popular subject category among members for more than 15 years ( Figure 1 ) .
1
Demographically , the composition of the members who selected the topic is modestly different from the general membership in ways that may reinforce the recent growth of interest in religion , as the average age of those selecting the history of religion is slightly younger than the membership as a whole ( more than half had received their highest degrees since 2000 ) .
Given that , it is not surprising that the members selecting the subject were more likely to be at an early stage in their careers — either doctoral students or employed at the assistant and associate professor level .
Almost 40 percent of the religion specialists were in one of those categories , as compared to 32.6 percent of the membership as a whole .
The topic was slightly more prevalent among members studying early European and recent U.S. history , but the subject was taken up by at least a few members specializing in every continent and time period ( Figure 2 ) .
This growing interest in the history of religion is not just evident in the AHA membership lists .
Among last year ’s job advertisements in Perspectives on History , an even 10 percent of the jobs and fellowships advertised included some mention of the history of religion among the specializations of interest to the advertisers .
In comparison , a decade ago just 2.1 percent of the advertisements included some mention of the history of religion .
While the number of members indicating a research interest in the history of religion is now over 7.7 percent , the faculty listings in the Directory of History Departments , Historical Organizations , and Historians show a lower level of interest .
Just 3.1 percent of the full - time faculty in the latest Directory have “ religion ” among their specializations , though this is significantly higher than it had been in 1990 ( 2.2 percent ) and more than double the proportion in 1975 ( 1.4 percent ) .
This difference can be at least partially attributed to the differences between the two data sources .
The Directory information is submitted by departments , and the field specializations are entirely open - ended — not limited to one of the 248 specialties in the AHA taxonomy .
Nevertheless , the 553 history faculty listed in the Directory as specializing in the field were significantly fewer than the numbers in fields that religion has surpassed in the AHA membership database , including “ social ” ( 1,605 ) , “ cultural ” ( 991 ) , and “ political ” history ( 725 ) .
Curious about the trend and the difference between the membership and the Directory listings , AHA staff contacted a number of members specializing in the field , and asked them about why they selected the subject , and why the field seemed to be enjoying a significant resurgence in recent years .
We received helpful replies from 204 members .
A number of the respondents reiterated that the disparity with the Directory was partially due to the lack of alternative categories in the AHA taxonomy , as some noted that the absence of preferred labels ( such as church history and historical theology ) had forced them to accept religion as the closest alternative .
Other respondents observed that while they write and teach history , they are actually employed outside of the traditional history departments that list in the Directory — in religious studies programs , seminaries , or interdisciplinary departments .
The respondents expressed wide differences about what fit under the label of the history of religion , embracing a variety of disciplinary approaches and methods — ranging from institution - focused church histories to a variety of theoretical and critical approaches .
The specialists in the field also described a wide range of differing opinions about their personal relations to the subject itself — ranging from devoutly religious ( in a wide variety of faiths ) to the decidedly atheist .
But in general , they all seemed to agree that regardless of one ’s personal beliefs , the subject itself had earned increasing attention over the past decade .
Jon Butler ( Yale Univ. ) observed , “ I think the category has become more popular because historians realize that the world is aflame with faith , yet our traditional ways of dealing with modern history especially can’t explain how or why .
In short , the ‘ secularization thesis ’ appears to have failed and so we need to find ways to explain how and why it did n’t die as so much written history suggests . ”
Among the respondents , four possible explanations came up again and again .
The most common observation was that the rise of more activist ( and in some cases “ militant ” ) forms of religion — particularly their influence on the political Right and the events of September 11 , 2001 — had drawn new attention to religion as a force for change in human activity .
A significant number of the respondents also described the renewed attention to religion as an extension of the methods and interests of social and cultural history — noting a growing interest that extended back to E.P. Thompson .
A number of the specialists noted that social historians had highlighted the interests of common people and cultural historians had supplied the tools for studying the influence of religion , but until recently , much of the work treated religion as aberrant .
There was a perception that this left a significant opening for new research that treated religion on its own terms .
William Taylor ( Univ. of California at Berkeley ) encapsulated the observations of a number of respondents on this point , noting that he had come to the subject because it was so prevalent in the documentary evidence .
“ I came to recognize that [ expressions of faith ] were woven into just about every aspect of life , not separate subjects I could leave for another time or someone else .
My ongoing research and writing about religious matters continues to be carried out in this spirit — not as a field apart , but as integral to my reckonings with how people then understood their lives and acted upon those convictions . ”
Perhaps connected to this , a number of other members noted that the subject was also benefiting from a “ historical turn ” in a number of related fields — ranging from traditional religious and theological studies to disciplines such as anthropology — as well as the growth in postcolonial studies .
Some of the members identified with these other fields — and in many cases earned their degrees in those fields — but found themselves increasingly identifying their work with the history discipline .
Finally , a number of respondents reported growing student demand for classes on the history of religion .
Jeanne Kilde ( Univ. of Minnesota ) noted that “ students in the late 1990s began coming to class with questions about religion , ” due to its influence on recent elections , growing attention in the media , and an increase in public displays of religion .
Lisa Bailey ( Univ. of Auckland ) added , “ My classes on the history of religion are packed with students of all kinds of backgrounds and beliefs , who wish to understand why religion is such a cause for conflict in the modern world ( and who are surprised to find that this is nothing new ) . ”
In addition to the historiographic and professional considerations , a few respondents noted a more pragmatic reason — an increase in the number of foundations offering funds to support research in this area .
The Templeton Foundation and Lilly Endowment were noted as the primary sources , but a few members noted an increase in the number of interdisciplinary appointments and endowed chairs as another reasonable cause for interest in the field .
Not surprisingly , perhaps , a number of members assumed that a significant part of the growth came from increasing attention to the rise of militant Islamic movements , but there is little evidence of this .
Just 2.7 percent of the members who selected the history of religion were working on some aspect of the history of Islam — essentially unchanged from a decade ago .
As the ebb and flow of interest in fields such as cultural and social history suggest , this recent trend may also change .
But for the moment at least , historians of religion seem very enthusiastic about the prospects for their area of the discipline .
— Robert Townsend , the AHA ’s assistant director for research and publications , has been tracking and analyzing data about the profession in general and AHA membership in particular for several years .
Notes
1 . For more on the membership snapshot , see “ AHA Membership Grows Modestly , as History of Religion Surpasses Culture , ” AHA Today ( June 29 , 2009 ) , available online at http://blog.historians.org/news/823/aha-membership-grows-modestly-as-history-of-religion-surpasses-culture.
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement More than 40 people have been arrested during two political demonstrations in Manchester city centre .
At least 2,000 people attended the protests , by the English Defence League ( EDL ) and members of Unite Against Fascism ( UAF ) on Saturday afternoon .
Witnesses said " ugly scenes " broke out between rival protestors and police .
Forty - eight people have been arrested , four among them were held on suspicion of affray .
Most of the other arrests were for public order offences .
' Nasty ' atmosphere
Other people were detained on suspicion of racially - aggravated offences or over possession of weapons or drugs .
A senior police officer said the day had " proved a challenge " for the force Protesters were herded towards railways stations by police officers as the protests came to an end .
Many of them were moved away from the city centre on buses .
One man suffered a head injury during the protests , but did not need hospital treatment , a police spokeswoman confirmed .
About 700 members from the EDL and 1,400 members from UAF were separated by a line of riot police , dogs and mounted police in Piccadilly Gardens .
Mat Trewern , from BBC Radio Manchester , said the atmosphere had turned " quite nasty " as the day progressed .
He said : " There had been some ugly scenes as protesters clashed with police , but it has started to calm down and the crowds are dispersing .
" At one point , earlier on , when it became extremely tense , members of the UAF tried to break the police line between the two groups , which in turn angered the EDL members .
More than 2,000 protesters were thought to have been in the city centre " Trouble had started when 100 members of the EDL arrived at Piccadilly Gardens and they were immediately met with shouts of ' racists ' and ' off our streets ' by members of the UAF , who had already congregated at Piccadilly . "
He said the number of protesters from the UAF outnumbered those from the EDL by about two to one .
" The disruption in the city centre has been on a large scale , shoppers and businesses have been affected by the protests . "
Assistant Chief Constable Garry Shewan said the presence of so many protesters in the city had " proved a challenge " but that life in the city had gone on as normal .
He said the police reaction had been necessary in order to tackle " the few hell - bent on violent confrontation " and described some of those arrested as " agitators and trouble - makers " .
' Violent confrontation '
He said : " I would like to thank all those people who came to Manchester today and protested peacefully for their patience and understanding .
" I 'd also like to commend the vast majority for demonstrating in a peaceful manner .
Most of the arrests were for public order offences " However , the history of protest has been marred , by those who came intent on violent confrontation . "
Greater Manchester Police confirmed a man , believed to be heading to the protest , had earlier been arrested in Birmingham on suspicion of distributing racially aggravated material .
Muslim leaders had renewed appeals for people to avoid the demonstrations .
Nanu Miah , a community leader from Oldham , said before the protests in Manchester : " We are not encouraging people to go , we do n't know who EDL is and what could happen . "
An EDL event in Birmingham in September led to counter - demonstrations and bricks being hurled at riot police .
Up to 90 people were arrested .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In Australia , much like in the United States , the passage of a Climate Change Bill has been contentious .
Our centre - left Labor government is trying to pass an emissions trading scheme before Copenhagen , but they have been stalled at every possible opportunity by obstructionists from the Opposition conservatives ( the liberal - nations , as well as powerful interests , especially from the Coal industry .
The Labor government has itself already watered down the bill and given very generous concessions to Industry , including temporary free permits to the Coal Industry to help in the transition - much to the anger of green groups and minor green parties .
And yet , the obstructionism continues .
Even this very weak , watered down bill has been stalled in the Australian Senate primarily by conservatives .
Tonight , Kevin Rudd came out swinging .
In an address to the Lowy Institute , an Australian think tank on US - Australian relations , Kevin Rudd delivered a stinging critique of climate change skeptics , deniers , and other interests - in both Australia and the United States .
A full transcript of the speech can be found here :
http://www.theaustralian.com.au/...
But in the meantime , here 's some highlights :
President Obama in the United States is also working hard so that he can take strong commitments to Copenhagen .
And let us never forget that in the US , as in Australia , under both our respective previous governments , zero action was taken on bringing in cap and trade schemes meaning that the governments that replaced them began with a zero start .
Other countries are striving to build domestic political momentum in their own countries to take strong commitments into the global deal .
The challenge we face , and others around the world face , is to build momentum and overcome domestic political constraints .
The truth is this is hard , because the climate change skeptics , the climate change deniers , the opponents of climate change action are active in every country .
They are a minority .
They are powerful .
And invariably they are driven by vested interests .
Powerful enough to so far block domestic legislation in Australia , powerful enough to so far slow down the passage of legislation through the US Congress .
And ultimately – by limiting the ambition of national climate change commitments – they are powerful enough to threaten a deal on global climate change both in Copenhagen and beyond .
The Australian government , much like the United States , has been lobbied furiously by the coal industry , the oil and gas industry , the agriculture industry , and others .
They have also had to to put up with constant attacks from both the left , who are already outraged at how weak the bill has become , an the right - wing Liberal - National Party coalition , who are full of climate change deniers and procratinators , and who were largely responsible in the previous government for not signing the Kyoto Protocol .
Concern is being whipped up by the coal industry in Australia that the passage of a Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme ( aka Emissions Trading Scheme ) will cause widespread job losses - despite evidence to the contrary .
A group calling itself the Australian Coal Alliance has taken out TV , newspaper and radio ads featuring emotional coal industry workers who feel their jobs are under threat if the scheme passes .
Kevin Rudd calls them out devastatingly :
The opponents of action on climate change fall into one of three categories .
· First , the climate science deniers .
· Second , those that pay lip service to the science and the need to act on climate change but oppose every practicable mechanism being proposed to bring about that action .
· Third , those in each country that believe their country should wait for others to act first .
Together , these groups , alive in every major country including Australia , constitute a powerful global force for inaction , and they are particularly entrenched in a range of conservative parties around the world .
As we approach Copenhagen , these three groups of climate skeptics are quite literally holding the world to ransom .
· Provoking fear campaigns in every country they can .
· Blocking or delaying domestic legislation in every country they can .
· With the objective of slowing and if possible destroying the momentum towards a global deal on climate change .
As we approach the Copenhagen conference these groups of climate change deniers face a moment of truth , and the truth is this : we will need to work much harder to reach an agreement in Copenhagen because these advocates of inaction are holding back domestic commitments , and are in turn holding back global commitments on climate change .
It is time to be totally blunt about the agenda of the climate change skeptics in all their colours – some more sophisticated than others .
It is to destroy the CPRS at home , and it is to destroy agreed global action on climate change abroad , and our children ’s fate – and our grandchildren ’s fate – will lie entirely with them .
It ’s time to remove any polite veneer from this debate .
The stakes are that high .
And if that was n't good enough for you , check this out :
The first category of those opposed to action is the vocal group of conservatives who do not accept the scientific consensus .
This group believes the science is inconclusive and does not provide an evidentiary basis for anthropogenic climate change .
In Australia , before the 2007 election , this group was thought to be relatively small .
There appeared – for a time – to be bipartisan consensus on the need for action on climate change .
In recent times , this bipartisan support has frayed .
As one Liberal ( conservative ) Member of Parliament said to Phil Coorey of the Sydney Morning Herald last year :
" [ at the last election we supported an ETS because ] we were staring at an electoral abyss .
We had to pretend we cared . "
( SMH , 28 JULY 2008 ) ......
Climate sceptics are also a powerful political lobby in the United States .
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steel said on 6 March 2009 :
" We are cooling .
We are not warming .
The warming you see out there , the supposed warming , and I am using my finger quotation marks here , is part of the cooling process . "
House Minority Leader John Boehner said on April 19 2009 :
" The idea that carbon dioxide is a carcinogen that is harmful to our environment is almost comical .
Every time we exhale , we exhale carbon dioxide . "
Republican Congressman John Shimkus said on 25 March 2009 :
" If we decrease the use of carbon dioxide , are we not taking away plant food from the atmosphere ? "
The legion of climate change skeptics are active across the world , and they happily play with our children ’s future .
The clock is ticking for the planet , but the climate change skeptics simply do not care .
The vested interests at work are simply too great .
..... < bold >
Attempts by politicians in this country and others to present what is an overwhelming global scientific consensus as little more than an unfolding debate , with two sides evenly represented in a legitimate scientific argument , are nothing short of intellectually dishonest .
They are a political attempt to subvert what is now a longstanding scientific consensus , an attempt to twist the agreed science in the direction of a predetermined political agenda to kill climate change action .
It reminds me of the efforts of the smoking lobby decades ago as they tried for years to politically subvert by so - called scientific means that there was any link between smoking and lung cancer .
Put more simply : these climate change sceptics around the world would be laughable if they were not so politically powerful – particularly in the ranks of conservative parties .
Pretty strong stuff ?
Oh hang on , there 's more :
The second group of do - nothing climate change skeptics are those who purport to accept the scientific consensus , but in the next breath are unwilling to support any of the practicable plans of action that would actually do something about climate change .
This group plays lip service to the climate change science but when push comes to shove refuse to support climate change action .
In Australia , these naysayers have successfully blocked the development of an emissions trading scheme for more than a decade .
.......
Today , after so many reports , reviews , consultations , not to mention the small matter of an election - the overwhelming need for Australia to tackle the great challenge of our generation is being frustrated by the do - nothing climate change skeptics .
And my personal favourite part :
A third argument from those who quibble with the design of the Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme is that the international design aspects of the scheme are flawed .
Lord Christopher Monckton - a former adviser to Margaret Thatcher - was quoted this week in the Australian press by Janet Albrechtsen .
Lord Monckton describes the potential Copenhagen agreement as a plan to set up a transnational " government " on a scale the world has never before seen .
Enter the " world government " conspiracy theorists .
Lord Monckton also publicly warned Americans that " in the next few weeks , unless you stop it , your president will sign your freedom , your democracy and your prosperity away forever . "
Janet Albrechtsen , in her understated neo- conservative way , refers to the potential Copenhagen agreement as a UN " power grab " .
This gaggle of world government conspiracy theorists are so far out there on the far right , that they rub up next to the global anarchists of the far left .
....
The climate change deniers now form the comfortable bedfellows of the global conspiracy theorists – in total bald - faced denial of global scientific , economic and environmental reality .
These arguments – thinly veiled attempts to create a new climate change global conspiracy theory – are now being used in Australia .
Like the arguments from climate change deniers , these arguments have zero basis in evidence .
It 's been this sort of language that 's been missing from the debate - strong , unequivocal language that delay is no longer an option .
No wonder recent polls have showed the public becoming more skeptical of climate change .
We need a big co-ordinated pushback , now .
Now that the ground has been set in my country , perhaps it 's time for Barack Obama and progressively minded democrats to come out and do the same .
Crazed robots running amok used to be the stuff of late - night science fiction movies , but for some Stanford professors , that entertaining fiction is close to becoming reality and people need to start thinking about the legal implications now .
Robots have been an increasingly familiar sight in recent years , disarming explosives in Iraq , delivering mail in industrial complexes or bringing drugs to nurses in hospitals .
But the coming generation of robots will be cleaning houses , doing security work , helping in nursing homes and handling a widening variety of tasks as their capabilities grow .
As robots leave the factories and move into homes and businesses , there is going to be more and more interaction between regular people and increasingly more competent - and mobile - machines , said M. Ryan Calo , a residential fellow at the Stanford Center for Internet and Society .
And more contact always means more problems , and the U.S. legal system better be prepared , he said .
" These are devices that do n't have a predetermined usage ; they 're not toasters , " he said .
" There 's a growing concern now about robot ethics , but what 's missing from those discussions is pragmatic lawyers thinking about what 's going to happen in the future . "
Fleeing for lawyers
It 's not hard to imagine Americans fleeing clanking automatons gone haywire , experts say .
Instead of calling for the Army , as in science fiction movies , they probably will be screaming for lawyers , with the battle more likely to include lawsuits than rocket launchers .
" These are machines that may not be intelligent , but they are increasingly autonomous .
They do things without being told , " said Paul Saffo , a futurist who 's a visiting scholar at Stanford Media X , which focuses on how people work with technology .
So if something goes wrong , who 's to blame ?
There 's no easy answer .
In 1997 , for example , a woman claimed she was injured by Zippy the mail robot at Pacific Bell 's San Ramon complex after the robot ran over her foot and then slammed her into a filing cabinet .
Pacific
Bell later settled the case for an undisclosed amount .
But what about a potential problem with a much more advanced cleaning robot , Calo suggested , where a pair of teenagers use a wireless connection to hack into the robot 's system and use it to trash the house ?
Who pays for the damage ?
The teens are judgment - proof , because they have no money , he said .
But what about the manufacturer , who built the robot , or the developer who designed it or the software engineer who programmed it ?
Model : Internet law
That 's not only a legal question , but also a technical and financial one as well , Calo said , because companies that could face multimillion - dollar liability lawsuits in the future are n't going to be eager to sink billions into research and development of that next generation of robots .
" If other countries have a higher bar for litigation , they 'll leapfrog right over us " in robotic research , he added .
Calo , who specializes in Internet law and privacy issues , says the way liability has been handled in Internet cases provides a guideline .
Section 230 of the 1996 Communications Decency
Act gives " interactive computer services " immunity from liability for information put on their sites , which means Facebook or other Web site hosts can't be sued for what others post on their site .
" It 's no coincidence that most Internet companies are based in the United States , which provides that protection , " Calo said , arguing that some similar type of immunity might be needed to protect the robotics industry in the United States .
In 2007 , Microsoft 's Bill Gates wrote a cover story for Scientific American , arguing that the robotics field was in the same position the computer industry was in back in the mid-1970s .
The world - transforming revolution sparked by Gates and others in the personal computer area could be repeated , he suggested .
Those changes are beginning to happen now and bringing problems that have to be dealt with , said Saffo .
" Ready or not , robots are racing into our lives , " he said .
" But for most people , the first time they 're going to really notice those robots ... is when the systems go bad . "
Los Angeles , CA -- ( ReleaseWire ) --
11/18/2009 --
Getting the word out for a cause is difficult , and raising money for charities can be a tricky affair .
Jeff Castelaz , founder of Pablove , a Charity dedicated to raising awareness of a rare form of childhood cancer , was looking for ways to raise money through friends and family on the internet .
What if you could use Facebook to make it happen ?
That ’s when he came across GiftBerry.org , who helped Pablove organize an online pledge drive directly through their Facebook account .
GiftBerry.org is the only free online fundraising service for charities and schools in the United States , and the Facebook option lets a Charity connect directly to friends and members efficiently .
Castelaz is very satisfied , since GiftBerry , a non-profit organization , is easy to use and does n't charge thousands like other companies .
A pledge drive or auction can be organized in minutes , with charities giving access to members via Facebook , or through a connection on their own website .
GiftBerry.org is a non-profit organization supplying free fundraising , administration and transaction software to Charities and Schools , nationwide .
GiftBerry is supported through individual and corporate donations .
For more information on Pablove , please visit http://www.Pablove.org.
For more information on GiftBerry.org please contact :
Barb Castleman
http://GiftBerry.org
barb@giftberry.org
( 310 ) 922-5169 tel ( direct )
Atlanta , Georgia ( CNN ) --
Two Georgia men , including a former Georgia Tech student , were sentenced to 17 and 13 years in federal prison Monday for supporting terrorism .
" This is not about your faith , " U.S. District Judge William Duffey Jr. told Ehsanul Islam Sadequee , of the Atlanta suburb of Roswell , in imposing his sentence .
" This is about your conduct .
This is about the rule of law in this country that you have decided does not apply to you . "
Sadequee , 23 , was convicted in August on four counts of supporting terrorists and a foreign terrorist organization .
His co-conspirator , Syed Haris Ahmed , 25 , was convicted in June of conspiring with Sadequee to provide material support for terrorists in the United States and abroad .
The two were charged in the same indictment .
Duffey sentenced Sadequee to 17 years and Ahmed to 13 years in separate sentencing hearings Monday , delivering stinging rebukes to both .
Sadequee , a Virginia native of Bangladeshi descent , sent an e-mail seeking to join the Taliban in its fight against U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan in 2001 , while he was living in Bangladesh , prosecutors have said .
In 2004 and 2005 , Sadequee -- then living in Georgia -- " entered an illegal agreement ... with others to provide material support to terrorists engaged in violent jihad , " authorities said in a statement following his conviction .
Authorities alleged that the two traveled to Canada in March 2005 to meet with three co-conspirators they found online .
While in Canada , federal prosecutors said , the men talked about their plans to go to Pakistan " to attend a paramilitary training camp operated by a terrorist organization ... as preparation for engaging in violent jihad abroad or in the United States . "
" They also discussed potential targets for terrorist attacks in the United States . "
In addition , Ahmed traveled to Pakistan in July 2005 with the goal of entering a terrorist training camp .
He was unsuccessful in getting into such a camp and returned to the United States .
Authorities also have contended that Sadequee and Ahmed made " casing videos " of landmarks in the Washington area , such as the Capitol , the World Bank Building and a Masonic Temple .
The videos were found on the hard drives of at least two men who were convicted on terrorism charges in the United Kingdom .
According to prosecutors , those two men had a large quantity of " violent jihad materials . "
In one of those videos , Duffey said , Sadequee drives past the Pentagon while discussing " what your brothers had done on 9/11 " with no regard for or remorse over the innocent people who lost their lives in the terrorist attacks .
Both men are subject to 30 years of supervised release after their prison terms , Duffey said , and during that period , neither will be allowed to use any device to connect to the Internet .
Prosecutors recommended that Sadequee be sentenced to 20 years in prison and Ahmed 15 .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert McBurney said after Ahmed 's sentencing that he was pleased with Duffey 's decision , calling the sentences " meaningful ... for two dangerous individuals . "
Ahmed 's sister , Samia , said she thought the sentence was " extreme " and noted that no crime was committed .
" I believe they 're being punished for their thoughts and their speech , " she said .
Sadequee 's sister , Sonali , said both young men are " a source of inspiration to all of us . "
She said young Muslim men often search for a deeper understanding of issues .
" In that search , in that curiosity , there 's speech that seems questionable , " she said , but is not , once it is explained .
Given an opportunity to speak before being sentenced , Sadequee delivered a sermon of sorts , stretching to nearly an hour , on the true nature of Islam and God 's vengeance on those who contradict his will , quoting from the Bible and the Quran and breaking into songs in what seemed to be Arabic several times .
" In my speech , I have not and will not request for any sentencing because it does not matter to me .
... I have intended to speak about who is in fact the true authority and why I am here to begin with , " Sadequee told Duffey .
" I submit to no one 's authority but the authority of God . "
Ahmed attempted to mitigate his sentence , however , calling his mother to the stand to explain what she meant during a phone call between the two , a transcript of which was entered into evidence .
The woman said she was giving Ahmed permission to travel abroad for Islamic studies , not for the purpose of jihad .
Ahmed also told Duffey that he'd had time to think about " a lot of things " while in custody and that violence " is not helping Islam .
It 's not Islamic .
Killing random people , this is not the way . "
He noted , however , that he is against some American policies -- but not the people , " who have all this time been nice to me . "
" What has happened here today is a testament to the greatest democracy in the world , " Duffey said , referring to the two defendants standing up in court to give what he called their " distorted view of America and American people . "
The judge said he did not believe the characterizations of defense attorneys advising Ahmed -- who like Sadequee chose to represent himself at sentencing -- that he was a naive young man manipulated into joining a jihadist organization .
" Did you falter ?
Yes , you did , " Duffey told Ahmed .
" Were you going to overcome your faltering ?
Yes , you were .
...
You are just one of many threats that face this country . "
There was no attack , the judge said , but " it 's because you were stopped . "
Protesters on Sadequee 's behalf unfurled a banner outside the courthouse with a quote from his closing argument , in which he denied ever being a terrorist .
Kelly probably was not the top candidate on Notre Dame ’s wish list when the process began , but as more than a week has passed since the firing of Charlie Weis , he has emerged at the front of the line .
Kelly has said he is open to the job , he fits Notre Dame ’s Irish Catholic archetype and he would be able to compete for the national title game much easier at Notre Dame than at Cincinnati .
Image Cincinnati Coach Brian Kelly is expected to interview with Notre Dame on Tuesday .
Credit ... Keith Srakocic / Associated Press
A Cincinnati spokesman said that the Bearcats were negotiating a new contract with Kelly .
But Kelly has not hid his interest in Notre Dame .
On Monday he wrote on Twitter : “ Just informed our team that Notre Dame has contacted me and I will listen to what they have to say . ”
( His Twitter followers jumped to near 3,500 from around 1,800 in about four hours . )
Kelly has moved to the front of the line because high - profile candidates have publicly removed themselves from the running 
Oklahoma ’s Bob Stoops , Florida ’s Urban Meyer , Iowa ’s Kirk Ferentz and Northwestern ’s Pat Fitzgerald , to name a few .
Swarbrick has said he wants a proven winner at the college level , which essentially eliminates any of the dark horse N.F.L. candidates like Jon Gruden and Tony Dungy .
Stanford Athletic Director Bob Bowlsby said Monday he was “ 100 percent confident ” that his coach , Jim Harbaugh , was not a candidate .
He said there was “ absolutely no chance ” of Harbaugh ’s being the next coach at Notre Dame , as he has been speaking with Swarbrick , his close friend , throughout the process to give him advice .
If Kelly says no or Notre Dame does not want him , the pickings appear slim .
The New York Post reported Randy Edsall , the Connecticut coach , as an emerging candidate .
A Connecticut official said it was the university ’s policy not to speak about other programs ’ coaching searches .
Edsall has done a great job of building the UConn program from scratch , but his résumé pales compared with Kelly ’s .
In the past two years in the Big East , Kelly has gone 13 - 1 while Edsall has gone 6 - 8 .
Across the way , Tim Tebow could n't do a thing , tears streaming down his cheeks as he watched the clock wind down on an ending that was n't in his farewell plan .
With Ingram and Greg McElroy leading an emphatic 32 - 13 chomping of top - ranked Florida on Saturday , No. 2 Alabama again stands supreme in the Southeastern Conference .
More important , the Tide is just one win away from an even bigger title -- its first national crown since 1992 .
" Everyone had to buy into not to be denied in this game , " Saban said , getting back to business after a raucous celebration at the Georgia Dome .
" To be a champion , that 's what you had to do .
I 've never been prouder of a group of players . "
The no-nonsense coach , who talks of " The Process " instead of the houndstooth , needed only three years to bring Alabama back from a grim era to a place it was accustomed to under Paul " Bear " Bryant .
Champions , indeed .
" They seemed like they wanted it a whole lot , " Florida cornerback Joe Haden said .
Ingram , making a strong bid to claim the school 's first Heisman Trophy , rushed for 113 yards and three touchdowns .
McElroy threw for 239 yards and a touchdown to claim the MVP award , showing he 's no weak link .
The Alabama defense held Tebow in check and left him crying at the end .
" It 's tough .
You know it 's not how you want to go out , " Tebow said .
" They were just better than us today . "
Alabama ( 13 - 0 ) moves on to Pasadena for the BCS championship game , an accomplishment they noted by passing out roses in the locker room .
In fact , the school fight song , " Yea Alabama , " refers to a long - ago Rose Bowl appearance .
Tebow and the Gators ( 12 - 1 ) will likely settle for the Sugar Bowl , denied a shot at their second straight national title and third in four years .
" Our standard was to be as good as Florida , " Alabama linebacker Cory Reamer said .
" Today , we were better than them . "
The Tide led all the way , establishing its will on the very first drive .
In the second half , Alabama shut 'em down , making up for its loss in last year 's SEC title game .
Trailing 19 - 13 at the half , Florida took the third - quarter kickoff and came up a yard short on Tebow 's third - and - 7 pass to Riley Cooper .
The Gators did n't know it at the time , but it was over .
Ingram carried it three straight times before McElroy went down the right sideline to Maze for a 28 - yard pass .
A costly penalty on Jermaine Cunningham -- he shoved McElroy in the back two steps after the quarterback threw the ball away -- set up a perfect throw and catch .
McElroy rolled to his right , stopped suddenly and lofted the pass in the other direction , the ball dropping over Colin Peek as he extended his arms to haul in a 17 - yard touchdown .
When her Irvine office began laying off workers in a lousy economy , Deborah Haas did what every employee fearful of being the next one booted is doing these days :
She got busy .
An executive assistant to the head of a furniture company , she became the receptionist , event planner , marketing assistant and office manager .
When the catering budget got whacked , she threw on an apron and started whipping up chile lime crab cocktails and carne asada skewers for sales events .
Workers like her are fueling a surge of productivity in the U.S. economy .
Employee output per hour jumped 8.1 % in the third quarter this year , the largest gain since the third quarter of 2003 .
But these bustling laborers are also a big reason why companies wo n’t be rushing to hire new staffers any time soon .
The brutal downturn has forced firms across the economy to do more with fewer hands ; many have found they can manage just fine for the time being .
Advertisement
As for their workers ?
“ I ’ve taken on more than I would have , and it makes me tired and stressed , ” said Haas , 40 , of Long Beach .
The nation ’s unemployed are n’t the only ones struggling in a sluggish economy .
For those still on the job , life is no picnic either .
Many U.S. workers are being pushed to toil harder and shoulder the load once carried by colleagues who ’ve since been laid off .
That can mean long days without overtime pay or raises , less family time , and more mental and physical fatigue .
Advertisement
Do n’t like it ?
Walk out the door and you ’ll join 15 million unemployed Americans , the largest segment of whom have been idle for more than three months .
Your former boss will have plenty of replacements to choose from .
There are about six job seekers for every opening .
The workload for many survivors is likely to mount in coming months .
As business cycles accelerate , companies get busier , but employers are typically reluctant to add staff until they ’re convinced the good times will last .
“ In a recession , the employees that are left find there are demands placed upon them to work more efficiently , work harder and work more hours , ” said Ross DeVol , director of regional economics at the Milken Institute .
Haas said she ’s exhausted when she gets home at night and has less energy for her son , Morgan , 2 .
Still , her skill set has blossomed over the last year , making her even more valuable to her employer -- she hopes .
She ca n’t shake the feeling that no position is ever guaranteed .
Advertisement
“ Even though I work for a great company , it might not be there one day , ” she said .
“ You can never be 100 % sure . ”
Her situation is a case study of what happens to the workforce during a recession , said Nelson Lichtenstein , an economist and director of the Center for the Study of Work , Labor and Democracy at UC Santa Barbara .
“ There ’s the phenomenon of people literally working harder , because they ’re fearful of losing their jobs , ” he said .
“ Rumors of layoffs are flying , so everyone works really hard . ”
That can have lasting effects , he said , especially among the ranks of nonunion professionals .
As they begin to work longer hours for the same pay , informal norms are created , Lichtenstein said , and they become accustomed to working 10 - or 12 - hour days in place of eight - hour shifts .
Advertisement
Such workers would seem likely to welcome approaches from unions to gain bargaining power with their employers .
In fact , he said , it ’s just the opposite .
Wage and benefit rollbacks are common during recessions .
This year General Motors and Chrysler , for example , were able to renegotiate many of their union obligations after they toppled into bankruptcy .
“ It makes it more difficult for unions to organize because people are grateful to have any job , ” Lichtenstein said .
Employers said that tough times call for tough measures to ensure that enterprises survive to hire another day .
Wayne Lee , the chief financial officer for Carson sporting goods company National Ventures , laid off two employees last year -- 10 % of the firm ’s 22 - member staff .
The company spread their tasks among remaining employees , some of whom learned to use software to speed order processing .
All warehouse laborers were trained to use a forklift so that National Ventures could ship goods faster .
Advertisement
Lee admits that all his workers are hustling like never before -- he said he ’s squeezing as much as 20 % more work out of some of them .
But he said that their willingness to step up in a crisis mitigated the need for deeper job cuts .
And when the economy picks up and profits rebound , he said , those that are doing more will probably get a raise .
“ They ’re not too stressed about losing their jobs , they ’re just more stressed at the pace they have to accomplish their tasks , ” he said .
The jump in U.S. productivity is stronger than in many past recoveries , said Thomas A. Kochan , a professor of management at MIT ’s Sloan School of Management .
That ’s good news for the U.S. economy , one of the most industrious in the world , since productivity is key to rising living standards .
But he said these gains are troubling too , since so far they have n’t been accompanied by wage increases .
Profits are still depressed in many industries , while expenses such as healthcare continue to soar .
That ’s limiting the ability of employers to boost worker pay .
Only about 12 % of the U.S. labor force is unionized , according to the most recent figures , giving workers little clout .
The threat of outsourcing has also made employees more reluctant to press for higher wages , he said , when they know that if they push too hard , their jobs could disappear .
Advertisement
Anxiety is rippling across the workplace .
A survey by CareerBuilder released last month indicated that a quarter of employers rated their employees ’ morale as low .
Nearly half of employees said their workload had increased in the last six months , and 40 % said their stress level at work was high .
About one in five workers surveyed were dissatisfied with their work - life balance .
“ People are being asked to work more , and that stress is pretty amazing , ” said Julie Cohen , a Los Angeles therapist .
“ Even though they have their jobs , they ’re worried every minute that they ’re going to lose them . ”
Workplace stress can cause irritability , depression , heart palpitations and family problems , Cohen said .
About half of the employed patients coming into her practice complain of bigger workloads and deteriorating personal lives .
Some economists expect that extra burdens at work will subside once companies , sure that a recovery is underway , start hiring again .
Firms competing for the best talent will have to raise wages , sweeten benefits and allow workers more time to spend with their families .
Advertisement
Other say maybe not .
U.S. employers will be looking to maintain the efficiencies and productivity they created during the recession , said Ken Moore , a professor of strategic management at the School of Business at the State University of New York - Albany .
Leaner , meaner and faster could be the new normal .
“ As companies try to remain in business by at least breaking even , they have to change a lot , ” he said .
“ Some of that has to come with the people themselves . ”
Workers such as Katje Lehrman could be bearing heavier workloads for years to come .
Thanks in large part to state budget cuts , the Los Angeles Unified kindergarten teacher has 25 students in her classroom this year , up from 20 last year .
That means more hours of grading , scoring report cards , meeting with parents and preparing materials .
When she leaves work at 5 p.m. , the school ’s parking lot is filled with the cars of teachers still hard at it , she said .
Though they ’re paid to work six hours a day , teachers often end up working many more without compensation , Lehrman said .
Advertisement
“ We ’re finding that we ’re all stressed out , ” she said .
Already , Lehrman gets home from work , feeds her dogs and collapses on the couch , many times falling asleep within the hour .
But budget cuts may exacerbate the situation :
The district is asking teachers to take a pay cut next year .
alana.semuels@latimes.com
by Michael Edwards
The enemies of freedom have standard weapons at their disposal that they have used throughout history .
These principally include propaganda , whatever high technology of the time period ( including science and medicine ) , legislative bodies cooperating with their agenda , and enforcers willing to enslave their own people .
Many tyrannies of the past came in full force without much subtlety .
What we see today , however , is a carefully measured , softer approach that is aided by advanced knowledge in social engineering and mass manipulation .
But , lately we are beginning to see the brutal elements being brought to the fore in order to set the stage for a physical crushing of any perceived resistance .
The tactic of physical intimidation works even better in our modern era , as very few people alive in America today have first - hand experience with physical violence , and are not trained for such encounters .
It is obvious that the firepower of The New World Order is impossible to match as they have now employed technological advances to create a stunning array of surveillance equipment and weaponry .
It does not make sense that The Second American Revolution should take place on a traditional battlefield .
The battlefield of today has been correctly labeled by Alex Jones as the “ Infowar . ”
Knowing that information is knowledge , and knowledge is power , the wielder of the pen over the mightiness of the sword has actually never stood a better chance of resistance to tyranny than we see today .
We the resistance have very powerful tools at our disposal , but we need to employ them in a massive , coordinated effort with a mission to work within the system and clog it with the tools the system itself employs .
Now that people have awakened , and the tyranny is more obvious by the day , now is the time for us to break through our passive natures and become active working to stop this growing oppression .
We have had our diversions for long enough : we have watched enough soap operas and sitcoms ; watched enough sports ; read enough books ; and have attended enough lectures .
There is no more time for hoping that all of this will just go away .
It will not ; it only will intensify as we sit around and watch it happen .
The only people now who can deny what is taking place are the willfully ignorant , or the people that actually enjoy the oppression .
It is harsh to say , but these two groups can no longer be our concern .
Nearly every American has a camera .
The government now has us under constant surveillance by satellite , cameras in nearly all public places , and they even have suggested that cameras should be installed in homes “ to protect the children . ”
Fine , if we are going to be on camera 24/7 , then so should they .
Everyone should be carrying their camera at all times — not to document our neighbors as TV has taught us to do , but to document authority .
When you are in front of a federal building , corporate headquarters , police department , or any place where you are now likely to be confronted by private or public security thugs ; get it on camera ( or preferably video ) .
Then , use it as evidence to file a law suit immediately for the violation of your civil rights .
Be sure to know your constitutional rights , quote them on camera , and ask the official why they are violating your rights under the Constitution .
Recently , a series of “ checkpoint confrontation ” videos have been released , started by Terry Bressi from CheckpointUSA .
Border control checkpoints are in fact constitutional .
The only problem is that most of them are up to 100 miles inland !
They can call this border control , but it is really an illegal checkpoint , Gestapo style , within the U.S. and must be resisted .
In these videos you will see him adopt a tone that is anything but acquiescent .
He knows his rights , states them firmly , refuses to give his name ( as protected by the 5th amendment ) , and continues to ask , “ Am I being detained ? ”
These agents have no authority to detain someone without probable cause .
Driving in your car and stumbling across a random checkpoint is NOT probable cause .
Know your rights , get it on film , and be strong .
And do not allow them to enter your vehicle ; make them do it forcibly and violate your 4th amendment rights .
I ’m suggesting that this type of journalism be termed “ resistance journalism . ”
Groups like
We are Change are engaged in “ ambush journalism ” which is a nice thorn in the side to the specific targets of this type of disruptive questioning during public appearances , but the group has a name , and their tactics are isolated .
What I ’m suggesting , is a loosely organized , grassroots group of people that is essentially “ on call ” to respond when someone encounters blatant tyranny .
For instance , imagine not one car with a video camera documenting abuse at a checkpoint , but 100 cars arriving at the same time armed with cameras — non-violent and completely legal .
This would clog the system as they are forced to respond with more personnel .
Imagine one hundred pieces of evidence , and 100 simultaneous law suits to follow .
This group , in fact , should have a civil rights attorney on call to respond to any questioning by authorities .
This will be a real show of resistance that will spread as people see real action and courage .
Since the group will have no formal name , it will be difficult for government to infiltrate and disrupt the movement .
The other weapon we have is the computer , or at least the pen .
Instead of screaming at one another , and preaching to the choir , we must be writing letters to all levels of the system telling them not that we are upset , but that we are resisting and will absolutely not cooperate with their illegal legislation .
In the case of products we do n’t like , write and tell them you are not buying it , and tell them exactly why .
The new vaccine ?
Tell law makers and anyone involved in production and distribution that you will not take that vaccine under ANY circumstances — even if it becomes mandatory .
We have to tell them that none of their contingency plans will work .
Now we have our airports becoming medical facilities — testing for disease , power to quarantine , power to inject people .
Write to your airlines and tell them you are no longer traveling due to these policies .
They do n’t often listen to arguments based on morals , ethics , or human rights , but they WILL answer to money .
Hit them where it hurts .
Write to the American government ; tell them you are no longer traveling due to their illegal restriction of your rights .
Tell them you are not afraid of terrorists , you are afraid of the loss of freedom and the destruction of the Constitution .
And above all , when they spew their propaganda to your children , like in the recent episode of Sid the Science Kid , tell the show creators and PBS Teachers just how inappropriate it is that vaccines should be portrayed in a good light to children who are not able to separate fact from fiction , or to research the mountain of evidence that shows the dangers of this H1N1 vaccine .
If you do n’t care about your own freedom , at least stand up for the freedom of your children and future generations who are going to be forced to live in a world where they are managed like animals .
Now is the time for action .
Our greatest weapon is non-cooperation in all of its forms .
It is time to finally take Nancy Reagan ’s recommendation : JUST SAY NO .
The Kindle , an electronic reader brought out by Amazon two years ago , has become your company ’s best - selling product and a great success story .
But several rival e-readers are coming out in time for Christmas .
What do you think of the Nook , for instance , from Barnes & Noble ?
We have a long tradition of not talking about other companies , which I ’ll stick to .
Barnes & Noble claims on its
Web site that the Nook has several advantages over the Kindle — for one thing , a Nook book can be lent to friends .
You can forward the text to another user .
The current thing being talked about is extremely limited .
You can lend to one friend .
One time .
You ca n’t pick two friends , not even serially , so once you ’ve loaned one book to one friend , that ’s it .
You have to pick just one person ?
What are you saying ?
It ’s like “ Sophie ’s Choice ” ?
It is “ Sophie ’s Choice . ”
Very nicely done .
What do you say to Kindle users who like to read in the bathtub ?
I ’ll tell you what I do .
I take a one - gallon Ziploc bag , and I put my Kindle in my one - gallon Ziploc bag , and it works beautifully .
It ’s much better than a physical book , because obviously if you put your physical book in a Ziploc bag you ca n’t turn the pages .
But with Kindle , you can just push the buttons .
You better not shout , you better not cry — just hand over the cash .
A gunman dressed as Santa Claus walked into a Tennessee bank demanding cash so he could “ pay his elves . ”
The felonious Father Christmas strolled into a busy branch of the Sun Trust Bank outside Nashville Tuesday morning , carrying an empty sack and wearing sunglasses .
When the teller asked the scheming Saint Nick to remove his shades , the crooked Kris Kringle whipped out a gun and demanded a free gift of money .
The mood quickly turned less merry when the sinister Santa warned that if the teller put a dye pack in with the cash , he ’d come back and “ kill everyone . ”
That ’s when he told the cashier that “ Santa needed to pay his elves , ” according to WKRN - TV .
“ It was a little unbelievable .
He was actually jovial , which is scary .
He explained that he was robbing the bank because Santa had to pay his elves , ” said witness Richlyn Jones .
The bad Santa walked out with an undisclosed amount of cash .
Cops said most bank robbers don a Halloween mask or even just sunglasses , but not usually such a cheerful costume .
“ I do n’t remember a Santa doing that , ” police spokeswoman Kristin Mumford told The Tennessean newspaper .
“ I do n’t recall when a costume like he had today was used for a robbery . ”
A jolly old St. Nick usually strikes a few banks around the country each year .
The most infamous Santa strike occurred 82 years ago in Cisco , Texas , when a man dressed as Santa and a band of others shot and killed six — including two cops — and wounded several others in a bank heist .
In that 1927 case , the cohorts were captured — and the Santa , who at first escaped , was lynched by a vigilante mob .
The Tennessee thief was described as a 6 - foot - tall , older white male wearing a red velvet suit , white beard and black boots .
He did not flee on a sleigh pulled by reindeer , but rather in a gray , mid-size car .
Calls to the North Pole were not returned .
lukas.alpert@nypost.com
10 Fictional Male Characters Who Had No Right Getting The Girl
Nature loves irony .
As Copenhagen 's Glastonbury of gloom ended last week and the global warming groupies jetted home , they were greeted by , of all things , a freeze .
" Road , rail and air chaos as UK grinds to a halt , " cried the Guardian .
The Times shrieked , " Worst driving conditions in years . "
The BBC asked : " Is the government doing enough ? " Britain was paralysed by a little ice .
It was " the curse of the fluffy French snowflake " – and all the fault of the French .
My solution to winter travel chaos ?
Do n't travel .
Stay indoors .
Build a fire .
Live and shop within walking distance of civilisation .
Associate with neighbours .
See distant relatives some other time of the year .
Above all , do not complain if you insist on laying siege to motorways , stations and airports and the weather or the labour force let you down , as they do every year .
It is not their fault , it is yours for being there .
Of all human activities that bring out the selfish in mankind , nothing compares with travel .
The externalities of travel economics should be on every school curriculum .
We see mobility through our own eyes alone , with no view of the similar demands of others .
I am a free and independent spirit innocently enjoying the right to roam ; you are a travel - mad lemming who thinks he has a God - given right to tarmac , train or plane just when I am there .
Get out of my way .
I need not dwell on the miseries of Copenhagen , except to suggest that it illustrates the problem rather than the solution .
The craving to move and to congregate – not least by those who bore all and sundry on the glories of the internet – has been the greatest contributor to CO 2 emissions over the past half century , above all from the internal combustion of carbon .
Total greenhouse gas emissions from homes ( 24 % of England 's total ) are now equalled by road transport emissions .
Travelling does as much damage to the earth 's atmosphere as all other domestic activities put together .
Yet powered movement is a craving no government is willing to curb .
Hypermobility is the totem of personal liberty .
New Labour under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown has been very indulgent of mobility .
Under Blair the cost of private motoring fell to the lowest for a quarter of a century .
Sir Rod Eddington 's 2006 report calculating that vehicle congestion charges could raise £ 24bn was rejected .
So , too , was his conclusion that better management of the railway could handle demand with no need for new lines .
Rail subsidies ( which burn carbon too ) have quadrupled .
Air travel remains largely duty free .
Airport construction continues apace , despite some 90 % of air travel being discretionary or leisure .
Meanwhile the government pursues a policy of closing such local institutions as primary schools , cottage hospitals and post offices and encouraging out of town shopping and rural housing estates .
All lead to an increase in the need for motor travel .
If a hospital visit requires a drive of 50 rather than five miles , the NHS does not pay but someone does ; indeed everyone does .
At the height of this year 's recession , the only industry accorded the lifebelt of direct subsidy , courtesy of Lord Mandelson , was cars .
They alone were protected from the plunge in general demand orchestrated by Alistair Darling to find money to rescue his beloved banks .
I noticed no bicycle scrappage scheme , let alone a walking - boot one .
As the geographer , John Adams , points out , mobility may seem " liberating and empowering for individuals " , but it also destroys the propinquity essential to more efficient living and to community and civic cohesion .
Like the internet , which paradoxically appears to boost travel by making it more efficient , hypermobility has replaced real neighbourhoods with pseudo ones .
People rush anywhere that delivers a new experience , from a weekend break to a global warming conference .
Hypermobility is the opium of the people .
It panders to instant gratification while dulling a sense of community .
Before the invention of jet travel , the idea of a winter holiday was unthinkable for any but the very rich .
It was near certain that some hazard would make any journey a dice with disaster .
Not for nothing was Cherry - Garrard 's " the worst journey in the world " a snowbound one .
Today we expect the travel industry to be on a war footing for our personal convenience all year round , and we blame government for some regulatory failing if performance is not up to scratch .
Ban the BA stewards from going on strike .
Strip Eurostar of its contract .
Why are more trains not running ?
Where were the gritting lorries ?
Someone should be fired .
Since hypermobility both dilutes a sense of place and ( mostly ) increases carbon emissions , governments should be charged with curbing or at least not promoting it .
This means planning the town and country so as to minimise the need for ever longer journeys .
It means rationing travel capacity by congestion or by price .
Since governments are scared of price , most choose to ration by congestion .
Summer and winter " road and rail chaos " is the result , with blame conveniently attaching to operators .
Everybody thinks it is cars , trains and planes that cause gridlock – when in reality it is people .
I do not see how policy can avoid curbing by price , in transport as in domestic energy consumption .
This is the more appropriate since travel is seldom a necessity and usually a luxury .
Just as courses and conferences are business perks , ways of burning off surplus overhead , so weekends away and second or third holidays abroad are a discretionary option , a dream that somewhere the grass will be greener than at home .
The extension of that dream to millions of poorer people is one of the most obvious outcomes of prosperity .
But it has come at a price , now recognised as higher than previously understood .
That price should be acknowledged in fuel duty , road tolls , rail fares and airport taxes , anything to curb demand .
There are no two ways about this .
Travelling must bear the global externalities that it imposes on other users of the planet .
There is no absolute right to roam .
There is no free trip .
We must initiate the rebirth of domestic space .
Wx is a pain to install on Windows using ActivePerl 5.10.1 and a MS compiler .
This post details one way of installing it .
I got in touch with the maintainer of Wx after writing this post .
Save for the incompatibility with VS6 , all the issues listed in this post have been resolved .
See Re : Installation instructions for Wx ( wxWidgets fomerly wxWindows ) using ActivePerl ( update ) for details .
It crashes Visual Studio 6's compiler , so start by upgrading your compiler :
Download " Visual C++ 2008 Express edition " .
Install it under C : \Progs ( Adjust at will , but I did n't try a path with a space in it )
Now we need the library .
If you let Alien : : wxWidgets download and build it , it wo n't patch it to have it embed the manifest files into the DLL files , causing DLL errors and malfunctions when you try to some aspects of Wx .
I could patch Alien :: wxWidgets to patch wxWidget 's makefile , but I decide to just patch wxWidget 's makefile .
That means the patches Alien : : wxWidgets wants to apply [ 1 ] [ 2 ] wo n't get applied .
Download wxWidgets - 2.8.10 Install it in C: \Progs\wxWidgets -2.8.10
( Adjust at will , but I did n't try a path with a space in it )
It might be a good idea to upgrade your Perl tool chain .
You want at least :
I had the following installed :
Then , open up a console and execute the following commands in turn .
As is , it 's not suitable to be copy and pasted in its entirety or put in a batch file .
Note that the process takes a while .
The longest step , building " msw " , takes an hour or more on my aging machine .
" C:\Progs\Microsoft Visual Studio 9.0 \VC\vcvarsall " C : cd \ Progs\wxWidgets - 2.8.10 cd build\msw nmake -f makefile.vc SHARED=1 BUILD =release cd ..\.. cd contrib\build\stc nmake -f makefile.vc SHARED=1 BUILD =release cd ..\..\.. cd lib\vc_dll for %q in ( *. manifest ) do ( mt - nologo - manifest %q - outputresource : % ~nq ; 2 del %q ) cd ..\.. set WXDIR=C : \Progs\wxWidgets -2.8.10 set WXWIN=C : \Progs\wxWidgets -2.8.10 C : cd \ md stager cd stager lwp - request http://search.cpan.org/CPAN/authors/id/M/MB/MBARBON/Alien- + wxWidgets -0.47.tar.gz > Alien-wxWidgets-0.47.tar.gz perl - MArchive :: Tar - e" Archive : : Tar ->new ->read ( $ ARGV [ 0 ] , 1 , {extract= > 1} + ) " Alien - wxWidgets-0.47.tar.gz cd Alien-wxWidgets -0.47 perl - i.bak - pe"s/config => \{ cc => \$cc , ld => \K (?=\$cc } )/\$cc eq + ' cl ' ? ' link ' : / " lib\Alien\wxWidgets \Utility.pm perl Makefile .PL INSTALLDIRS=site ->
Should ask " Do you want to fetch and build wxWidgets from source + s ? " .
Use default " no " .
nmake nmake test nmake install cd .. rd /s/q Alien- wxWidgets -0.47 del Alien-wxWidgets-0.47.tar.gz lwp-request
http://search.cpan.org/CPAN/authors/id/M/MB/MBARBON/Wx-0.9 + 4.tar.gz > Wx-0.94.tar.gz perl - MArchive :: Tar - e" Archive : : Tar ->new ->read ( $ ARGV [ 0 ] , 1 , {extract= > 1} + ) "
Wx -0.94.tar.gz cd Wx -0.94 perl - i.bak - pe"s/^sub \K(?=dynamic_lib \{$ ) /DELETED_ / " build \Wx\build + \ MakeMaker \Win32_MSVC.pm perl - i.bak - pe" s/new wxCursor\ ( name , \ K ( ? =type , hsx , hsy \ ) ) /( long ) / + " xs\Cursor.xs perl Makefile .PL INSTALLDIRS=site -- extra-cflags= " / FIstdlib.h " nmake nmake test nmake install cd .. rd /s/q Wx -0.94 del Wx-0.94.tar.gz cd .. rd stager [ download ]
Finally , you may uninstall wxWidgets - 2.8.10 since Alien :: wxWidgets made a copy of the files
Wx needs into Perl 's lib .
To uninstall wxWidgets - 2.8.10 ,
Run the uninstaller found via Start | Programs , then Delete the directory C: \Progs\wxWidgets -2.8.10
Doing so will free up 500MB .
I recommend that you get Wx :: Demo .
" C:\Progs\Microsoft Visual Studio 9.0 \VC\vcvarsall " cpan Wx :: Demo [ download ]
You can launch the demo using
It warns that it 's " skipping module ' Wx:: DemoModules : : wxHVScrolledWindow ' " .
I think it 's a problem with the demo , not a problem with Wx .
Update : Many small tweaks to the text parts .
Last one on Dec 22 , 2009 at 10:21 EST
Update : Modified the paragraph starting with " Now we need the library " .
Dec 30 , 2009 at 10:06 EST
How would you like it if your phone started charging whenever you dropped it into your pocket ?
That may eventually be possible , thanks to a carbon nanotube - based ink that can turn many common fabrics into conductors , or even components of a charge - storing supercapacitor .
These wo n't be showing up in a clothing store near you anytime soon , however , as ensuring that the fabrics only direct the charge to appropriate devices — and not , say , to a sensitive body part — will be a separate engineering challenge .
Textile fibers are actually uniquely suited to transforming into electronics when combined with the seemingly ubiquitous carbon nanotube .
Fibers made of cellulose , like cotton or polyester , are highly porous and can absorb large amounts of water and other polar solvents .
When flexible single - walled carbon nanotubes are placed near polymers like these fibers , they have large van der Waals interactions with them , and can be treated with acid that helps them form hydrogen bonds with the fabric .
This allows the flexible carbon nanotubes to wrap around the fibers in very high volumes , as the porous fabric gives the nanotubes a large surface area to work with .
In the new paper , the carbon nanotubes were mixed with a surfactant to form an ink ( black , of course ) .
The fabrics were dipped into the ink and dried in an oven for ten minutes to remove the water , resulting in a carbon nanotube - laden fabric .
The bonds between the fabric and nanotubes are extremely strong , and neither further washing nor attempting to strip the fabric with tape causes the nanotubes to separate from the cloth .
Once treated , the fabric goes from simple cotton or polyester to a high - performing electrical , mechanical , and chemical material .
Swatches of fabric were tested as both capacitor components and current collectors in simple circuits .
Scientists found that the capacitance , or amount of charge stored per unit of electric potential , of the textiles was two or three times higher than that of carbon nanotubes on flat plastic substrates , probably because the porosity of the fabric allows the capacitor 's ions to flow better .
In the experiments , scientists also found that the treated fabric 's ability to conduct electricity increased when it was stretched up to 2.4 times its original length .
The fabric 's performance could also be improved with some chemical treatments .
A nitric acid wash got rid of most of the surfactant from the ink , which reduced the resistance of the material by a factor of three .
Treatment with manganese oxide increased the capacitance per unit area by a factor of 24 .
Increasing the density of the fabrics also increased the capacitance , though with diminishing returns , since denser fabrics are less porous .
The fabrics continued to perform well even after thousands of charge cycles , and their specific energy tops out at 20 Wh/kg , roughly on par with other supercapacitors in development — although the fabric substrate is significantly more cost - effective .
The researchers speculate that the relatively low cost of the carbon nanotube fabrics will facilitate the creation of wearable functional electronics , like solar cells and batteries , and may replace more unwieldy commercial electronics materials in other devices .
They may also find use as a component of high - performance sportswear or as wearable health - monitoring equipment .
While the paper 's authors outline an ambitious future for carbon nanotube fabrics , they are vague about how such a fiber would interact with the human body .
It seems like a shirt that is also a capacitor could expose a person to a lot of electricity , but there 's no mention of what sort of fabric structure would be necessary to prevent that interaction .
It 's probably safe to assume the first carbon nanotube fabrics would be integrated into a structure that can separate the enhanced fabric with other neutral layers , as with a lined pocket .
Despite the low cost of the textile substrate , single - walled carbon nanotubes are still somewhat difficult and expensive to obtain , so there 's a long way to go until we can charge cell phones from our pockets , or until Jack Bauer can whip off his shirt to repair a dangling power line .
Fantasies aside , the applications of carbon nanotube fabrics promise to be quite diverse if they 're as easy to make as this paper implies .
NanoLetters , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1021/nl903949m
Top U.S. Atheist Group , Freedom From Religion , Started Because of Abortion Rights
Contact : Underground Apologetics , 608-469-7956
MADISON , Wisc. , Dec. 21 / Christian Newswire / --
According to the December 2009 edition of the Isthmus , the Freedom From Religion Foundation began in Madison in 1976 after the founders saw Christians opposing abortion at legislative meetings at the Wisconsin State Capitol .
The founders , Annie Laurie Gaylor and mother Anne Gaylor , believed women were being treated unequally by being denied abortion rights .
They then set out to destroy Christian freedoms .
They have become one of the top atheist groups in the world with 14,000 members .
School age children are one of the primary targets , trying to stop the mention of God in schools .
They take legal action against city councils for saying a prayer before their meetings .
They distribute posters and billboards throughout the United States that mock Christians and offer anti-God rhetoric .
They recently lost a lawsuit trying to stop " In God We Trust " at the U.S. Capitol visitor center in Washington , D.C .
Currently , they are working on lawsuits against the National Day of Prayer , the Pledge of Allegiance , and they are trying to stop tax deductions for clergy housing .
Gaylor 's husband , Dan Barker , who claims to have been a believer before becoming an atheist , says in the Isthmus article , " What 's wrong with stirring things up ?
Is n't that the point of free dialogue and free speech ?
We want to be a part of the quilt that makes America America . "
This atheist group tries to look as if they are tolerant of others ' beliefs , but they use doublespeak .
They say they are tolerant , but they try to take away the free speech rights of Christians .
Ironically , atheists are able to freely speak because the U.S. founding fathers created documents that were based on a person 's freedom under God .
The Freedom From Religion Foundation and Underground Apologetics are both located in Madison , Wisconsin .
Both organizations use the same post office near the Wisconsin State Capitol .
However , the organizations are promoting opposite causes .
The Freedom From Religion Foundation is anti-God and Underground Apologetics is trying to help others discover God 's promises .
Underground Apologetics , which operates UndergroundNews.us , is growing every day .
Steve McConkey , Underground President , says , " We need to pray and not react in anger .
God is still in control .
History teaches us that wherever religious freedoms are taken away , dictators reign as in Cuba , China , Hitler 's Germany , and the ex-Soviet Union .
There is still hope , even for atheists . "
Conclusion : Keep saying Merry Christmas !
Actually ... even more interesting than anyone else has said .
Racehorses used to be given a dose of Lasix ( furosemide ) , which is a diuretic , before a race so that they would not have bleeding from the nose and lungs during the race ( a weird thing that can happen to horses when they really exert themselves , like during a race ) by lowering their blood pressure ( among other things ) .
Because lasix is also a diuretic , it also caused them to pee A LOT .
That is where the phrase originated .
Transact - SQL and SQL programming , in - memory OLTP processing , Machine Learning , Reporting Services , Analysis Services ( OLAP ) , SQL Server 2019 , SQL Server 2017 , SQL Server 2016 , SQL Server 2014 , Microsoft SQL Server 2012 , SQL Server 2008 R2 , SQL Server 2008 and SQL Server 2005 Articles and Tutorials
Microsoft released free SQL Server 2017 download for Windows , Linux and macOS .
Latest release of SQL Server Data Platform from Microsoft is SQL Server 2017 RTM release .
Database administrators , SQL developers , Business Intelligence developers and Data Scientists can download SQL Server 2017 free and install on Windows , macOS or Linux distributions including Red Hat , Ubuntu and SUSE
Download SQL Server 2017 Developer Edition is full - featured free edition which can be used to learn , develop and test SQL Server features and capabilities
Free Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Download
Final release of SQL Server 2016 , most recent data platform tool from Microsoft is released on 1st of June , 2016 .
Public available free SQL Server 2016 download ( SQL Server 2016 Evaluation Edition and Developer Edition ) is ready at Microsoft TechNet Evaluation Center and for MSDN Subscribers .
Download SQL Server 2014 Free Trial Version
Download SQL
Server 2014 new memory optimized database for in - memory processing OLTP data applications for administrators , programmers and Business Intelligence developers
SQL Server 2019
Download SQL Server 2019 Free Edition
Download most recent data platform SQL Server 2019 as the number one unified data platform for companies with PolyBase , Apache Spark and Hadoop Distributed File System ( HDFS ) feature .
SQL Server and AWS CLI
Export SQL Server Data as CSV Files and Migrate to Amazon S3 Bucket using AWS CLI
Database tutorial shows how to export SQL Server database table data in CSV format into multiple files and migrate to Amazon S3 buckets with AWS CLI copy command in SQL job using xp_cmdshell
SQL Server and AWS CLI
Execute AWS CLI Command using xp_cmdshell on SQL Server Database
SQL Server tutorial shows how database programmers can run AWS CLI commands using SQL xp_cmdshell procedure to copy local files into Amazon S3 bucket folders
SQL Server to Amazon Redshift Database
Provider Does Not Expose The Necessary Interfaces to Use a Catalog or Schema
Invalid use of schema or catalog for OLE DB provider " MSDASQL " for linked server .
A four - part name was supplied , but the provider does not expose the necessary interfaces to use a catalog or schema
SQL Server to Exasol Database
SQL Server Linked Server to Exasol MSDASQL Provider Errors
When executing SQL queries on Exasol database from SQL Server using Linked Server with MSDASQL OLE DB provider , different types of SQL errors can be experienced by database developers .
SQL Server
SQL Server Remote Procedure Time Out of 600 Seconds Exceeded
For solving the remote procedure time out error , SQL Server database administrators can configure system parameters as shown in this SQL tutorial .
SQL Server to Exasol Database
Connect SQL Server to Exasol Database using Linked Server
SQL Server database tutorial shows where to download Exasol ODBC Driver , how to install Exasol ODBC driver and create Linked Server to connect Exasol on SQL Server data platform
Linked Server ODBC Connection
Conversion of parameter / column from data type VARCHAR1 to ASCII failed
ODBC connection CHAR_AS_UTF8 property setting for conversion of data type of VARCHAR1 to ASCII errors on SQL Server Linked Server query connected to SAP HANA database
SQL Server OpenQuery
Workaround to Pass Parameter to OpenQuery using Linked Server on SQL Server
SQL tutorial shows a method to create a SQL View based on stored procedure which is fetched by a loopback LinkedServer and calling an OpenQuery code and enables use of system parameters with OpenQuery
SQL Server 2019
Install and Run SQL Server 2019 on MacOS using Docker Container
This tutorial shows how to install SQL Server 2019 database on Mac OS using Docker Container image and to connect to MSSQL database using Azure Data Studio and query SQL data
SQL Server 2019
MacOS Üzerine Docker ile SQL Server 2019 Kurulumu ve Çalıştırılması
Bu yazıda Microsoft SQL Server 2019 veritabanı uygulamasını Docker kullanarak Mac üzerinde kurmayı ve Azure Data Studio uygulamasını indirerek Docker container vasıtası ile kurduğumuz MSSQL veritabanına bağlanmay ı göreceğiz
Power BI Desktop
Analyze Power BI Query Performance using SQL Server Profiler
Especially for self - service BI or Power BI is one of the most common reporting tools used by data professionals .
This Power BI tutorial shows how report developers can use Power BI tools for performance analysis of their reports especially for SQL query performance on data source .
SQL Server Port Number
Find the Port Number for SQL Server Instance
Default port number for SQL Server connections is 1433 .
On the other hand , on purpose SQL Server administrators may change the default port number for their SQL Server instances .
Data Virtuality
Connect SQL Server on Data Virtuality Studio
This tutorial shows how to connect to SQL Server database from Data Virtuality Studio , logical data warehouse software .
SQL Server Linked Server
EXECUTE permission was denied on the object xp_prop_oledb_provider
When SQL programmer tries to extend the Catalogs node , SQL engine may raise exception " The EXECUTE permission was denied on the object ' xp_prop_oledb_provider ' , database ' mssqlsystemresource ' , schema ' sys ' . "
Linked Server to Amazon Redshift
Connect to Amazon Redshift from SQL Server using Linked Server with ODBC Data Source
Database developers can integrate SQL Server and Amazon Redshift databases using SQL Server Linked Server configuration via System DSN with ODBC drivers .
SQL Query Tips
SQL Min( ) and Max ( ) Aggregation Functions with Partition By Clause
SQL tutorial shows how SQL aggregation functions Max ( ) and Min ( ) are used with Partition
By clause in a Transact - SQL query for SQL Server database developers
SQL Server Machine Learning Services - R and Python Script
SQL Server R and Python Script Write to File Folder Permission Error
Using R script or Python script , I want to write data or text to a file folder .
But when I execute my R script or Python script using sp_execute_external_script , I always get an error message indicating cannot open the connection , PermissionError or Permission denied , etc .
SQL Server User - Defined Data Type - Default
Default Values for SQL Data Types in SQL Server Database
SQL Server programmers can create user defined data types , create defaults ( database default value objects ) and bind default values to user defined data types .
SQL Server Machine Learning Services - R Script
List Installed R Packages on SQL Server
Data scientist can get list of all installed R packages on SQL Server instance using installed .
packages function with sp_execute_external_script and Rterm tool
SQL Server Machine Learning Services - R Script
Install R Packages on SQL Server for Data Scientists
This SQL Server Machine Learning Services tutorial shows how database programmers and data scientists can install R packages on a SQL Server instance
SQL Server Data Islands of Nodes and Edges
Detect Data Islands of Nodes and Edges using SQL on SQL Server
SQL tutorial providing a solution for SQL Server database developers showing how to group nodes which are connected via edges into data islands
SQL Server UDF Functions
User Defined SQL Split String Function for Database Developer
SQL Server database developers can use given SQL user defined scalar function and table valued function codes to split string variables in their developments
SQL Server Machine Learning Services - R Script
SQL R Library RODBC Script to Connect to SQL Server
One of the methods for R developers on SQL Server to connect to SQL Server databases in order to execute SQL commands and query data is using RODBC R library .
RODBC package simply provides an ODBC database connectivity from R scripts to data developers
SQL Server Machine Learning Services - R Script
SQL Server was unable to communicate with the LaunchPad service for request id
When I execute an R Script on SQL Server I got following SQL error message : SQL Server was unable to communicate with the LaunchPad service for request id
FileStream and FileTable
SQL Server FileStream Errors and Configuration Steps for FileTable Creation
SQL Server FileStream feature and FileTable for storing binary files in SQL database which enables data consistency with database tables and binary image or files is one of the most enjoyed features of SQL Server
SQL Server Tools
Export Data From One Database Table to Other Database
It is possible to transfer table data from one SQL Server database to another database easily using SQL Server Management Studio tool Import and Export Wizard
SQL Sum Aggregation Function
SQL SUM function to Calculate Sum of Top N Rows using Sum Aggregation Function with Over and Rows Clause
SQL tutorial shows how SQL Sum ( ) function is used with OVER clause and ROWS clause to calculate sum of a table column for a number of data rows like TOP 10 rows , etc .
SQL Query for Overlapping Time Periods
SQL Queries for Overlapping Time Periods on SQL Server
SQL developers working on overlapping time periods can use SQL queries and query codes shared in this SQL Server database tutorial to determine boundary limits of time intervals forming an overlapping chain
Azure Data Studio
Azure Data Studio for SQL Server , Features and Installation
Just like SQL Server Management Studio , Azure Data Studio is an alternative data management tool for data sources like SQL Server , Azure SQL DB
SQL Server 2019
SQL Server 2019 Installation to Setup a New Instance
This setup guide introduces SQL Server 2019 installation steps for SQL developer and database administrators .
Parse JSON on SQL Server 2017
Parse JSON Response of Amazon Transcribe Service using SQL OpenJSON
On SQL Server 2017 using SQL OpenJSON command query database developer can parse JSON response of AWS Amazon Transcribe service used to convert speech to text and return JSON string data in tabular format
Data Islands and Gaps in Data
SQL Query to Detect Data Islands and Gaps in Data with Boundary Values
To detect data islands and gaps and their boundaries is a popular problem for SQL database developers .
In this SQL tutorial , I want to show how data islands can easily identified by database programmers using Row_Number ( ) function and Min ( ) and Max ( ) With Partititon
By clause .
SQL Server XML Query
Query Comma Seperated List using SQL XML
Using SQL XML query Exist ( ) function , SQL Server database developers can search for specific values in a concatenated comma seperated list stored in a table column .
Although splitting string list and filtering concatenated values is an option , SQL Server XML Exist function is an advanced solution .
SQL Server JSON Support
Query JSON Data using OpenJSON on SQL Server
With SQL Server 2016 and SQL Server 2017 , database programmers can query JSON data in their SQL codes using build - in OpenJSON SQL table valued function .
Longest Path using SQL
Find The Longest Path Between Two Nodes using SQL Server Recursive CTE Query
Database SQL developers can model to find the longest path in a graph problem on SQL Server using nodes and edge lengths and build a SQL Server recursive CTE query to find the routes from start node to end node as shared in this SQL tutorial .
SQL Server CLR
Check If SQL Server Database is TrustWorthy for CLR Creation
To create CLR objects like User - Defined Functions , Stored Procedure , Triggers on SQL Server database , enabling TrustWorthy property of the database is one option for passing security issues for SQL developers .
This guides shows how SQL Server professionals can check whether the database is set as TrustWorthy or not .
SQL Server Contained Databases
sp_configure Contained Database Authentication for SQL Server Database Attachment
The sp_configure value ' contained database authentication ' must be set to 1 in order to create a contained database or attach data files of a contained database on SQL Server 2017
SQL Server and R Scripts
Generate Random Numbers using R Script on SQL Server
For database developers it is possible to use R script on SQL Server to generate random numbers .
With SQL Server 2016 and SQL Server 2017 Machine Learning Services ( either In - Database or as Standalone ) , data engineers are able to run R scripts and Python ( new in SQL Server 2017 ) within T - SQL codes
R and Python Scripts
Enable sp_execute_external_script to Run Python or R Script on SQL Server
Data engineeers can execute R scripts or Python scripts after they enable sp_execute_external_script stored procedure on SQL Server by using sp_configure to modify " external scripts enabled " system configuration variable
Transact - SQL
Get Concatenated Column List of Database Tables on SQL Server
Transact - SQL developers working on SQL Server 2017 can use String_Agg function for aggregating string table column values grouped by using " Within Group " option and create SQL Create Table scripts for database tables
Transact - SQL
Check If Temporary Table or Temp Table Exists in SQL Server Database
SQL Server database programmers frequently create temporary tables and before creating temp table , T - SQL developer has to drop temp table after they validate temp table already exists on the database .
SQL Server DDL Trigger
Prevent File Growth Database Property Changes using SQL Server DDL Trigger
SQL Server database administrators can prevent for example developers to change file growth property of a database using server based DDL trigger which SQL source codes are shared in this SQL Server tutorial .
SQL Server 2017
String Concatenation in SQL Server 2017 with String_Agg Function
For string concatenation in SQL Server , developers can use string aggregation String_Agg function with SQL Server 2017 .
Before SQL Server 2017 String_Agg string function to concatenate string values , either CONCAT string function or " + " expression was used .
If the SQL developer wants to concatenate text column values of different rows of a table , then user - defined string concatenation SQL functions were developed
SQL Server 2017
Installing SQL Server 2017
Within this SQL Server setup guide I will demonstrate step by step SQL Server 2017 installation as a stand - alone server also as a named instance only for Database Engine setup
SQL Trigger
Correct Invalid or Misspelled Values using SQL Server Trigger
On SQL Server using a database table for invalid forms and typos and correct values of string entries , I managed to update table entries dynamically with correct values using a database table trigger as I share SQL codes in this tutorial .
SQL Server System Views
Download SQL Server System Views Poster
SQL Server database administrators or T - SQL developers download SQL Server system views poster because data platform professionals frequently use system views map for relations between systems views and for view columns .
SQL Programming
Select Combinations of Data using SQL Query
Database developers can build SQL Select query to generate and return all possible combinations of data in SQL Server by using method shown in this SQL tutorial with cross joins and applying a simple logic .
SQL Server 2016 Sample Databases
Restore SQL Server 2016 Sample Database WideWorldImporters
Database professionals who want to try SQL Server 2016 can download sample database WideWorldImporters and install sample database or restore it from backup file as shown in this SQL tutorial .
SQL Server 2016 Reporting Services
Create SQL Server 2016 Reporting Services Reports on SQL Server Data Tools
This SQL Server Reporting Services tutorial shows business intelligence developers how to create their first report using SQL Server Data Tools 2015 for SQL Server 2016 Reporting Services .
SQL Server 2016 Sample Databases
Download SQL Server 2016 Sample Databases
Download sample databases for SQL Server 2016 including AdventureWorks and WideWorldImporters sample databases .
SQL Server Tutorial
Create Schema and Table on other SQL Server Database
SQL developers can create database schema and table by using Transact - SQL scripts on SQL Server databases other than current database .
In this SQL tutorial , I will show how to create database schema on an other database automatically by running a SQL script easily .
Fully Qualified Name
Get Fully Qualified Name of Database Object in SQL Server
To find fully qualified name of a database table in SQL Server , developers can use getFully QualifiedName SQL function to read FQN formed of schema , database and server name together with table name .
Partition Database Table
Partition Table Monthly Bases using Computed Column in SQL Server Database
Database developers can partition a SQL Server database table according to months using computed column in table and partition scheme and partition function as shown in this SQL tutorial .
Create Database from Backup
Create Database from Backup on SQL Server
This SQL Server tutorial shows how SQL database administrators and Transact - SQL developers can create new database from backup file using Restore task on SQL Server Management Studio .
SQL Cursor Sample
List Count of Rows in All Tables in Database using SQL Server Cursor
This tutorial shows T - SQL developers SQL cursor example code to list number of rows ( record counts ) in all database tables in a SQL Server database
User Defined SQL Function
Remove Numeric Characters in String using SQL
SQL programmers can remove numeric characters in string expressions using SQL to fetch only remaining character values shown in this tutorial .
Prevent SQL Injection
Prevent SQL Injection using Parameterized Query in SQL Command
SQL Server database applications are vulnerable by SQL injection methods if SQL commands are build dynamically without parameterized SQLCommand is used .
SQL Server Database Snapshot
Create Snapshot for Databases with Multiple Data Files
To create snapshot for databases with multiple data files could be difficult at least for the SQL syntax for SQL developer and SQL Server database administrators .
SQL Server System Views
Check Existence of Snapshot for a Database on SQL Server
SQL tutorial shows how to find if a database snapshot is already created for a specific SQL Server database and shares SQL codes showing the source database for a snapshot .
SQL Server System Views
List Data Files for All Databases on SQL Server
sys.master_files lists all data files of all databases on current SQL Server instance on the other hand sys.database_files lists only database data files for current database where the query is executed on .
SQL Server Database Snapshot
Create Database Snapshot for all Databases on SQL Server
SQL Server tutorial shares SQL script to create database snapshots for all databases on a SQL Server instance for database administrators .
If you require to create snapshots for each database created on a given SQL Server , you can use SQL script which use sp_Msforeachdb undocumented stored procedure with an other stored procedure which is used to create database snaphot for a specific database .
SQL Server Database Snapshot
Refresh Database Snapshot on SQL Server
SQL Server database snapshots are readonly storing data which was on source database at the creation time of snapshot .
To refresh snapshot database on SQL Server with changed data on source , database administrators have to drop and re-create the snapshot database .
SQL Server CLR Stored Procedure
Read File Properties using SQL Server CLR Stored Procedure
SQL Server CLR tutorial shows how to read file properties using SQL CLR stored procedure created by using given Visual Studio CLR project code samples for database programmer and administrators
SQL Server Management Objects
SQL Server Management Objects SMO to Generate Database Table Scripts
SQL Server Management Objects ( SMO ) provides a collection of objects like databases , tables , scripter , etc. required for managing Microsoft SQL Server through programming like in this SQL tutorial shows to generate database table scripts .
SQL Server DDL Trigger
Log Who Drops Table in SQL Server Database with DDL Trigger
SQL Server database administrator can log dropped tables for auditing to find out who drop database table using DDL triggers on database level for DROP_TABLE event .
SQL Server Cursor Sample
Sample SQL Cursor Code on SQL Server
SQL Server cursor sample code to loop through all records as a result of SQL Cursor select query enabling developer to execute stored procedure for each row
SQL Server CLR Function
Generate Random Integer Number using SQL Server CLR Function
SQL Server developers can use SQL CLR function to create random number as random generation .
This SQL CLR tutorial shows how to create a CLR project using Visual Studio .
SQL Server CLR Function
SQL Server CLR Split String Function for 2 - Dimensional Array
Transact - SQL programmer can develop assemlies in VB.NET or in C# and create CLR functions in SQL Server to split string expressions with better performance .
This SQL Server CLR tutorial shows how to create a SQL CLR function which returns a table by splitting a two dimensional input string .
SQL Server 2016
SQL Server 2016 Split String Function STRING_SPLIT
Transact - SQL STRING_SPLIT
function is used to split string expressions using defined seperator character which is new with SQL Server 2016
SQL Server 2016
Download and Install SQL Server 2016 Management Studio ( SSMS )
With SQL Server 2016 , SQL Server Management Studio is not part of the stand - alone SQL Server 2016 installation process anymore .
In order to install SQL Server Management Studio ( SSMS ) , download and install SQL Server Management Tools .
Excel Import from SQL Server
Import Data from SQL Server in Excel Document using Microsot Query
Microsoft Query enables Excel users to import data from SQL Server into Excel document using a wizard easily in a few steps .
SQL Server Jobs
Create SQL Server Job to Run Periodic Tasks
To execute periodic tasks on SQL Server , database administrators and T - SQL developers create SQL jobs using SQL Server Management Studio as shown step by step in this SQL tutorial .
Connect SAP Lumira to SQL Server Database
Download JDBC Drivers to Connect SAP Lumira to SQL Server
Download JDBC drivers to connect SQL Server databases from SAP Lumira , for reports with data coming from SQL Server and created by using Query with SQL source type
SQL Server Database Collation
Could not find stored procedure ' sp_executeSQL ' .
SQL developers may experience Could not find stored procedure ' sp_executeSQL '.
error when executing sp_executeSQL procedure on a SQL Server database with case sensitive collation .
SQL Tools for Decryption
Decrypt Encrypted Stored Procedure using SQL Server Tool
To decrypt an encrypted stored procedure , trigger , SQL view or user defined function on SQL Server database is not possible without using third - party tools like dbForge SQL Decryptor .
SQL Server Encryption
Encrypt SQL Stored Procedures , SQL Views and User Functions on SQL Server
SQL programmers may require to encrypt SQL source code of stored procedures , SQL views , user defined function in their databases to prevent the sensitive data structures easily be obtained by unauthorized users .
Sometimes even database administrators encrypt SQL objects so that the SQL Server developers will not be able to see the code running within that SQL stored procedure or user defined function , SQL views , etc .
SQL Server Tools
SQL Server Data Quality Service Client Tool
SQL Server Data Quality Service provides tools for database administrators , BI professionals and SQL developers to maintain the data quality , like preventing duplicate values or protecting singularity of a specific value against different forms of it , or against mistypings , etc .
SQL Server FileTable
FileTable objects require the FILESTREAM database option DIRECTORY_NAME to be non-NULL
To create a FileTable in the database , set the DIRECTORY_NAME option to a non-NULL value using ALTER DATABASE .
Otherwise , SQL Server engine will throw an error .
Memory - Optimized Tables
Cannot create memory optimized tables in a database on SQL Server 2014
SQL Server 2014 enables database administrators to create memory optimized table if memory - optmized database file group and filestream database file is created appropriately .
SQL Server Tutorial
Find Foreign Key Names created for SQL Server Database Table
SQL Server database administrator and T - SQL programmers can query sys.foreign_keys SQL system view to list and find foreign key check constraints on a database table .
SQL Server system catalog view sys.foreign_keys is the right place for identifying and listing foreign keys and foreign key names created on a SQL database table or referencing to a specific SQL table
SQL Server 2016 JSON Support
SQL Server 2016 OpenJSON Error
Incorrect syntax near the keyword ' with ' .
If this statement is a common table expression , an xmlnamespaces clause or a change tracking context clause , the previous statement must be terminated with a semicolon .
SQL Server 2016 JSON Support
SQL Server 2016 JSON Support for Database Developers
SQL Server 2016 introduce JSON support for SQL Server developers by extending SQL SELECT queries with FOR JSON AUTO and FOR JSON PATH options .
SQL Server Triggers
List of SQL Server Triggers created on Database Tables
SQL Server database administrators and T - SQL developers can query sys.triggers system catalog view for database table triggers and table names .
This SQL tutorial shares the source codes of a SQL query that list all triggers created on database tables with the table names that they are created on
Prevent Truncate Table
Prevent Truncate Table using Foreign Key Constraint on SQL Server
To prevent Truncate Table command to delete all data in a database table SQL Server database administrator and SQL developer can create Foreign Key Constraint referencing master table from a dummy table .
SQL Server Instead of Delete Trigger
SQL Server Instead of Delete Trigger to Prevent Data Deletion
SQL Server database administrators or SQL programmers use Instead of Delete trigger to prevent data deletion from database tables like look - up table or master data table .
In this SQL tutorial , I want to share how to create a SQL Server Instead of Delete trigger on a database table which prevents accidentally data deletions by executing " Delete From table " command .
Order By in SQL Server View Object
How to Create SQL View with Order By Clause
SQL Server
The ORDER BY clause is invalid in views , inline functions , derived tables , subqueries , and common table expressions , unless TOP , OFFSET or FOR XML is also specified .
error occurs when database developer tries to use Order By clause in the definition of a SQL view .
This SQL tutorial shows how to create SQL views with Order By clause using TOP 100 Percent or Offset 0 Rows for Transact - SQL programmers and SQL Server database administrators .
SQL Server Analytical Lag Function
SQL Server Lag Function to Group Table Rows on Column Value Changes
This SQL Server tutorial shows database developers how to use SQL Lag ( ) function in order to group subsequent table rows on changes of a specific column value .
And then database programmers will use SQL Server aggregate functions like max ( ) , min ( ) , sum ( ) and count ( ) with " partition by " clause to find count or rows , minimum or maximum value of a row data , or sum of a column of each group .
SQL Server 2014 Semantic Search
Full - Text Index and Semantic Search in SQL Server 2014
SQL Server 2014 Statistical Semantic Search functions use indexes created by Full - Text Search .
SQL Server semantic search queries can be used to figure out key phrases in a database table text column .
Administators and SQL developers can create Transact - SQL statements to identify key words in a table row column and find similar or related data by using identified keyphrases or keywords .
SQL Server 2016 Temp DB Files
Set Number of Processor Cores for Number of Temp DB Files on SQL Server 2016
VMWare Player enables users to set the number of processor cores on a virtual machine configuration which limits the maximum number of tempdb files .
SQL Server database administrators and developers can define the number of temp db file during SQL Server 2016 setup .
Multiple Temp DB file is a new enhancement for database professionals introduced with SQL Server 2016 .
Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 Service Pack 1 is Required for SQL Server 2016 Installation
How to install Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 Service Pack 1
Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 Service Pack 1 is required for SQL Server 2016 installation on Windows 10 .
This tutorial shows how to install Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 Service Pack 1 by downloading Framework 3.5 SP1 web installer and execute it successfully for completing the installation of SQL Server 2016 .
SQL Server 2016 Setup Error
Oracle JRE 7 Update 51 Required for SQL Server 2016 Setup
Microsoft SQL Server 2016 installation , the next generation database platform of Microsoft SQL Server vNext setup requires Oracle Java Runtime Environment 7 update on Windows 10 .
Before proceeding with setup process during controlling of the requirements based on selected SQL Server 2016 features on Feature Rules steps of the installation wizard , Rule " Oracle JRE Update 51 ( 64 - bit ) or higher is required " failed .
error may prevent a successfull setup .
Visual Studio SQL Server Database Project Tools
Create SQL Server Database Object Script using Visual Studio 2015
Visual Studio SQL Server Database Project enables to generate database object scripts as an alternative to SQL Server Management Studio built - in tools to generate scripts of database objects including database tables , views , procedures , etc for database administrator and T - SQL developers .
SQL Server 2016 Temporal Table
Create Test Data for Temporal Table on SQL Server 2016
In this SQL tutorial , database developers will find a method how to create test data for temporal table ( system - versioned table ) and history table in SQL Server 2016 database .
SQL Server 2016 Temporal Table
Create SQL Server 2016 Temporal Table and History Table
SQL Server 2016 introduce temporal table aka system - versioned temporal table which contains current data and historical data to query data which changes with time .
SQL Server 2016 temporal features enable SQL developers to query dynamic data at a particular point of time .
SQL Server 2016 Installation
SQL Server 2016 Installation on Windows 10
This guide shows how to install SQL Server 2016 on Windows 10 using VMWare Player step by step .
SQL Server 2016 installation is straight - forward except Microsoft .
Net Framework 3.5 SP1 setup especially where internet connection does not exist .
SQL Server Tutorial
Find SQL Server Views Where Table is used and List Tables in a View
To query database objects metadata in which SQL views a table is used or which tables are used in a SQL Server database view SQL Server database administrator and developers can use INFORMATION_SCHEMA.VIEW_TABLE_USAGE
system view .
Transact - SQL Tutorial for SQL Server Date Functions
Create Monthly Calendar using SQL in SQL Server
This T - SQL tutorial shares SQL codes to create monthly calendar using SQL Server datetime functions like emonth , datepart , dateadd , datename , recursive CTE queries , etc .
SQL Tutorial
Get Day Names and Month Names in Different Language
Set Language SQL command and DateName built - in SQL datetime function enables developers to get day names and month names in specific language .
SQL Server Tutorial
Enable Resource Governor on SQL Server 2014
To enable Resource Governor SQL Server database administrators can use SQL Server Management Studio or execute SQL commands to manage Resource Governor to enable or disable .
Transact - SQL for SQL Server Database Objects
Get Table Column Names List in SQL Server by Code
SQL tutorial shows database developers how to get columns names list of a database table programmatically in SQL Server using various methods like executing queryies on system catalog views like sys.columns or information schema views , or running system stored procedure sp_columns
SQL Server Data Tools for BI Development on Visual Studio 2013
SQL Server Data Tools Installation for BI Development on Visual Studio
Business Intelligence developers require Microsoft SQL Server Data Tools installation for BI development with Visual Studio 2013 on SQL Server 2014 instance .
With SQL Server Data Tools setup , Business Intelligence developers can use the BI project templates for SQL Server 2014 Analysis Services , Integration Services and Reporting Services with Visual Studio 2013 IDE .
Import Text File Data to SQL Server
Upload Text File to SQL Server Database Table
This SQL tutorial shows how to upload a password list stored in text file to SQL Server database table .
Tutorial uses SQL Server Bulk Insert command to insert text data into sql table as rows
SQL Server 2014 Data Compression Tool
Compress Table Data using Data Compression Tool or SQL Scripts in SQL Server 2014
This SQL tutorial will be showing SQL Server Management Studio tool , " Data Compression Wizard " and sharing the SQL scripts created by this SQL Server tool that can be executed for other database tables with different data compression options like Row or Page based data compression .
Download Sample Database AdventureWorks2014 for SQL Server 2014
Drop failed for ResourcePool : Remove all bindings
SQL Server 2014 " Drop failed for ResourcePool " error with description " Cannot drop resource pool ' Pool_DatabaseName ' because it is bound to a database .
Remove all bindings to this resource pool before dropping it . " is one of the problems I experienced while setting up SQL Server in - Memory database on SQL Server 2014 using the sample AdventureWorks2014 database
Download Sample Database AdventureWorks2014 for SQL Server 2014
Download SQL Server 2014 Sample Database AdventureWorks2014
Download sample database AdventureWorks2014 for SQL Server 2014 after you install SQL Server 2014 in -Memory Database Server .
Sample database for SQL Server 2014 will enable T - SQL developers and database professionals to test the new features of the most recent SQL Server version with pre-configured data .
SQL Server 2014 Features
SQL Server 2014 Buffer Pool Extension
Buffer Pool Extension is one of new features of SQL Server 2014 to increase SQL Server database performance by increasing amount of cache that SQL Server can use .
SQL Random Password Generator
SQL Password Generator to Create Random Password
To create random password in SQL Server , T - SQL developer can use random password generator stored procedure source codes shared in this SQL tutorial .
If programmers require to initialize or create random passwords for applications ( like in registration ) , by customizing password generation process in Generate_Password stored procedure they can cover different password complexity requirements for randomly generated passwords
SQL Server Tools
SQL Server Export Query Results to Excel with Column Names
This SQL Server tutorial shows how to export query results to Excel with column names in SQL Server Management Studio 2014
SQL Server Tools
SQL Server Dedicated Administrator Connection DAC Tool for Database Administrators
SQL Server dedicated administrator connection DAC tool for database administrators enables them to connect a SQL Server instance when standard SQL Server database connections fail due to an error on the server .
SQL Server Programming
Use SQL to Find Missing Numbers and Gaps in Sequence of Numbers like Identity Column
This SQL tutorial shows how to use SQL to find missing numbers in a sequence column or find gaps in numbers like the gaps in an identity column of a SQL Server database table .
SQL Server In - Memory Database in SQL Server 2014
Create In - Memory Database in SQL Server 2014
This SQL Server 2014 tutorial shows to create SQL Server in - memory database and issues to consider like MEMORY_OPTIMIZED_DATA file group and * _BIN2 collation for indexes on memory optimized tables
SQL Server 2014 - SQL Server In - Memory Database
Nullable columns in the index key are not supported with indexes on memory optimized tables
SQL Server 2014 in - memory database supports memory optimized table creation with indexes on columns which are NOT NULL .
A primary key constraint or a SQL index on a nullable column can not be created on memory optimized table
SQL Tutorial on Row_Number ( ) and SQL CASE Statement
Display Data in Multiple Columns using SQL
Displaying data in multiple columns is not a difficult task if you know how to approach the problem .
This SQL tutorial will share a method using SQL Row_Number ( ) function and SQL CASE conditional statements in order to fulfill this task .
SQL Function for Turkish Developers to Convert Numbers to Words
Sayıy ı Yazıya çeviren SQL fonksiyonu
This SQL tutorial is in Turkish and provides a SQL function to convert numbers into words in Turkish .
Bu yazıda örnek bir sayıy ı yaz ıya çeviren SQL fonksiyonu kodlarını SQL Server üzerinde geliştirme yapan SQL programcıları ile paylaştım .
SQL Table - Valued Function for SQL Split
Split String Into Fixed Length Pieces in SQL using SQL Split Function
This SQL tutorial will provide a user defined SQL function which splits given input string in desired length pieces and returns within a table structure .
SQL split string function is created as a table - valued function which returns a table structure with lines populated with string parts .
Transact - SQL Programming
SQL COUNT ( ) and ROW_NUMBER ( )
Function with PARTITION BY for 1 of n Items
This SQL tutorial demonstrates usage of SQL COUNT ( ) and SQL ROW_NUMBER ( ) function to select a row with its order number and total number of rows in a group in the format " 1 of n " items , like first page of a total 3 pages , 1/3 , 1 of 3 , etc .
SQL Stored Procedure Tutorial
Execute Stored Procedure passing Parameter value to another Procedure
SQL tutorial shows how to call a stored procedure within an other stored procedure and pass values from one to another .
And I 'll also create a solution for choosing lucky lotto numbers for Turkish lotto game Sayisal Loto using two SQL stored procedures
Transact - SQL Programming
Sort Data according to Order of IN clause Like SQL Order By
Transact - SQL tutorial shows to sort data filtered with SQL IN clause in WHERE criteria using the order of In clause without an ORDER BY clause
SQL Server Full - text Search
Full - Text Search in Different Languages on SQL Server
This SQL Server tutorial shows how to query a text table using full - text search where texts in different languages are stored with the help of different word breaker languages on SQL Server 2014 .
SQL Server Tools
SQL Period Calculation for Total Downtime per Month
Period calculation in SQL or time calculations where developers sum specific events durations based on start and end times require coding by Transact - SQL developers .
SQL Server Tools
Create Composite Primary Key with Multiple Columns in SQL Server
In your database design on table level , database administrators can create composite primary key which is consists of two or more columns in that table .
In SQL Server database developers or administrators can choose to use composite keys ( composite primary key or indexes on multiple columns ) instead of defining a primary key on a single table column .
SQL Server Tools
Get List of Database User Role Memberships for All Databases in SQL Server
SQL Server database administrators frequently require a list of SQL logins or Windows users granted access on a SQL Server instance with the databases and database roles they 're mapped for that database .
SQL Server Tools
DBCC PAGE to Display Contents of Data Pages in SQL Server
DBCC PAGE command is used to display contents of data pages where table rows data are stored in SQL Server database tables .
Database administrators and SQL developers can use DBCC PAGE statement for displaying data in certain data page
T- SQL Development
Create Store Procedure that will Run in All Databases
In order to create a stored procedure that will run in all databases on a SQL Server instance , create stored procedure in master database and name it starting with " sp _ "
T- SQL Programming and User Defined Functions
Leap Year Function in SQL Server
SQL developers can use T - SQL functions to determine whether a year is a leap year or not
SQL Server 2014 Setup
Incorrect Function Setup Error during SQL Server 2014 Installation
After the release of SQL Server 2014 CTP 2 , I download and install SQL Server 2014 on my test machine .
Incorrect function setup error was the first issue I had to resolve during SQL Server 2014 setup
Transact - SQL Tutorial - SQL Merge and Instead Of Insert Trigger
Prevent Duplicate Rows in Table using Merge in SQL Trigger
This SQL tutorial shows how Transact - SQL Merge command can be used in a SQL Instead Of Insert trigger for maintaining unique combination of selected row columns .
SQL Server Tools SQLCMD Utility
List of SQL Servers using sqlcmd Utility
sqlcmd Utility enables database administrators to list servers where SQL Server is installed in local network .
List of SQL Servers in your network can be prepared by using running sqlcmd utility sqlcmd.exe with - Lc option easily .
SQL Server BCP Utility
Unable to open BCP host data - file SQL Server error
SQL BCP utility can be used to export data from SQL Server database tables to a text file on local folders or network shares .
If required write permission on the target file folder is not granted to SQL Server service , the SQL BCP error " Error = [ Microsoft ] [ SQL Server Native Client 11.0 ]
Unable to open BCP host data - file " is thrown .
SQL Server sp_configure Stored Procedure
Enable Ole Automation Procedures in SQL Server 2012
SQL Server database administrator must enable Ole Automation Procedures using sp_configure for SQL developers to use sp_OACreate or sp_OAMethod like Ole Automation Procedures in their SQL scripts
Restore Database from Backup File
How to Restore Database from Backup File in SQL Server 2012
To restore database in SQL Server 2012 from database backup file is a method to move a database from a SQL Server instance to another SQL Server 2012 instance .
Transact - SQL Tutorial
Get Current Database Name in SQL Server using DB_NAME ( )
Function
Using built - in DB_NAME ( ) SQL function , developers can get current database name that they are executing their scripts on .
If you pass database id parameter to DB_NAME ( ) sql function , it will return the name of the SQL database with given database id property in sys.databases system view .
SQL Server Tutorial
sys.dm_db_index_physical_stats to Rebuild Index or Reorganize Index on SQL Server Database
Using sys.dm_db_index_physical_stats dynamic management function to rebuild index or reorganize index on a SQL Server database can easily be managed with a scheduled task by database administrators .
A SQL Server database administrator should periodically take action on index maintenance by using reorganize index or rebuild index commands
SQL Server Tutorial
Drop SQL Server Check Constraint without Constraint Name
To drop SQL Check Constraint where constraint 's name is unknown , sys.check_constraints system view can be used .
This SQL Server tutorial show how developers can create sql procedure that drop check constraint with only table name and column name parameters .
SQL Server 2012 Contained Databases
sp_configure Contained Database Authentication to Create Contained Database in SQL Server 2012
The sp_configure value ' contained database authentication ' must be set to 1 in order to create a contained database .
You may need to use RECONFIGURE to set the value_in_use .
( Microsoft SQL Server , Error : 12824 )
XML in SQL Server
Query XML in SQL Server for Different Hierarchy Levels using Cross Apply
SQL Server XML tutorial shows to query XML data using Cross Apply SQL join for XML nodes , attributes with different hierarchy levels .
SQL XML query for complex XML in SQL Server 2012 frequently use Cross Apply to get desired output result from XML data .
SQL Server XML Tutorial
Query SQL Server Database Table XML data using Cross Apply Join
SQL programmers can SELECT from XML data nodes stored in SQL Server table column with XML data type .
Although it is very similar to query XML variable , querying XML data column requires the use of SQL CROSS APPLY join .
Cross Apply enables to execute SQL XML query on all rows of the database table instead of running SQL Select query on single XML data .
SQL XML Tutorial
Query XML data using SQL XML in SQL Server
This SQL XML tutorial shows to query XML data in SQL Server for SQL programmers to import XML to SQL Server and store XML data in SQL Server database table in table columns with SQL XML data types
SQL Server Management Studio
Remove SQL Server Management Studio Text Editor IntelliSense Error Underlines
Using SQL Server Management Studio IntelliSense Settings options for Text Editor , database administrator or SQL programmer can disable intellisense errors marked by red underlines of SQL scripts
SQL Tutorial - Add SQL Unique Constraint
Add SQL Server Unique Constraint on Multiple Columns
This SQL tutorial shows how to add SQL Server unique constraint on multiple columns in a database table .
SQL unique constraint on multiple columns ensures that in SQL Server table there will not be a second row sharing the same data on defined columns with an other table row .
SQL Tutorial - Select Count Distinct
SQL Count Distinct Select Query Example
To count distinct values in a database table or sql view , Transact - SQL developers can use SQL Count Distinct Select command as demonstrated in this SQL tutorial
SQL Tutorial - SQL Server Row_Number () Function
SQL Row_Number ( ) Function Example Queries
Using SQL Row_Number ( ) OVER ( Partition By partitioncolumn Order By sortcolumn ) SQL developers can create an ordered list of records grouped by a column
SQL Tutorial - SQL Order By Clause
SQL Order By Query Examples
SQL Order
By clause is used to sort data returned by the execution of SQL queries developed by SQL programmers or database administrators
Insert Image to SQL Server Database
Save Image to Database Table in SQL Server
To save image in SQL Server database table in binary format , the easiest method is to execute an SQL OPENROWSET command with BULK and SINGLE_BLOB options
Check SQL Server Version
Download SQL Server 2012 Service Pack 1 ( SQL Server 2012 SP1 )
SQL Server 2012 Service Pack 1 download is available at Microsoft Downloads portal as a standalone SQL Server 2012 SP1 download and also as bundled with SQL Server 2012 named as Slipstream download
Check SQL Server Version
Check SQL Server Version using Registry Editor
To check SQL Server version on a server , there are different methods like using RegEdit Registry Editor tool or executing T - SQL commands like SELECT @@Version
SQL Server Restore Database Fail
SQL Server Restore Database fail because of incompatible backup and restore server version
Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio
Restore of database ' SQL Server database name ' failed .
( Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.RelationalEngineTasks )
System.Data.SqlClient.SqlError :
The database was backed up on a server running version 8.00.0534 .
That version is incompatible with this server , which is running version 11.00.2100 .
Either restore the database on a server that supports the backup , or use a backup that is compatible with this server .
( Microsoft.SqlServer.SmoExtended )
SQL Server Integer Data Types
Max Integer Values for SQL Server Numeric Data Types
SQL Server database design requires good knowledge of data types besides many other details .
Max integer values for sql numeric data types is important if you do n't want to spare more database space than required for integer or numeric data
SQL Server Table Valued Parameters and Table Type
Pass Multiple Values using Table Valued Parameters to SQL Stored Procedure
Using table valued parameters in SQL stored procedure , SQL developers can provide a solution to pass a list of parameter values to the SQL stored procedure .
Passing multiple values is now possible with table - valued parameters in SQL Server stored procedure programming
SQL Server Attach Database Error
Attach database failed for Server
An error occurred when attaching the database(s ) .
Unable to open the physical file .
Operating system error 2 : " 2( The system cannot find the file specified . ) " .
( Microsoft SQL Server , Error : 5120 )
SQL Function Example
Select from Stored Procedure in SQL Function using OpenQuery
T- SQL programmers can select from stored procedure in sql function code using OpenQuery and linked server pointing to itself .
SQL tutorial shows how to execute SQL stored procedure within SQL function codes and return SELECT data as a table - valued function table
SQL Server 2012 Linked Server
How to Add SQL Server Linked Server on SQL Server 2012
This SQL Server 2012 tutorial shows how to add linked server to SQL Server 2012 instance
Create SQL Server Loopback Linked Server
You cannot create a local SQL Server as a linked server
It is possible to create SQL Server linked server on a SQL Server instance pointing to itself .
This is called loopback linked server in SQL Server .
By creating local SQL Server instance as a linked server to itself enables Transact - SQL developers to use SQL Server OpenRowset or OpenQuery commands for special purposes
Create SQL Server Linked Server Error
SQL Server Linked Server creation require sysadmin Role
While creating new linked server on SQL Server 2012 using Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio , I got the following error message : A required operation could not be completed .
You must be a member of the sysadmin role to perform this operation .
( SqlManagerUI )
SQL Server Troubleshooting
SQL Server Model Database Error and Download Model Database
SQL Server error while " Starting up database model " requires a fresh model database data and log file replacement .
You can download model database data and log file for various SQL Server versions here
SQL Tools for SQL Server Administrators and Database Developers
Execute SQL Scripts against multiple databases using Script Executor
SQL tool Script Executor from xSQL
Software helps database administrators and developers to deploy sql scripts to multiple databases esily making this complex administrative task managed in a secure way .
SQL Tutorial - FIFO
Example in SQL Server
FIFO Example Query in SQL Server
This SQL tutorial includes FIFO example query in SQL Server .
SQL FIFO method example query is based on two database tables SalesOrder and ProductionOrder sql tables
SQL Server Integration Services Tutorial - SSIS Package
Export Data to Flat File using SSIS Package
This SQL Server SSIS tutorial shows how to export data stored in database table into a flat file by using SSIS package .
Using SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio ( BIDS ) , SQL Server BI developers can easily create SSIS package to transfer table data to a text file
Transact - SQL Tutorial
Compare 3 Numbers using SQL Script
This SQL tutorial shows how to compare 3 numbers using SQL script for Transact - SQL beginners .
By changing the below sql codes , developers can easily sort 3 numbers given as variables from biggest to smallest values .
Transact - SQL Tutorial
SQL Repeat Rows N Times According to Column Value
To repeat table rows in different number of times according to a number column SQL developers can use given T - SQL codes in this SQL tutorial
SQL Server Data Compare Tool
xSQL Data Compare – data comparison and synchronization tool for SQL Server
In this SQL data compare tool guide , we review xSQL Software 's Data Compare tool .
SQL Server database administrators and SQL developers can use this SQL Server tool for data comparison and data synchronization .
SQL Server Schema Compare Tool
xSQL Object – SQL Schema Compare tool for SQL developers and DBA
SQL Server database schema compare tool review includes xSQL Software 's SQL schema compare tool and its schema comparison and create synchronization script features
Transact - SQL Merge Command
T- SQL Merge in SQL Server Trigger for Summary Table Maintenance
In order to provide a detail and summary table solution in a SQL Server database , SQL Merge command can be used in SQL Server trigger codes as demonstrated in T - SQL tutorial
SQL Server Auditing Tool
Failed Login Attempts Auditing using SQL Server Audit Tool
To log failed login attempts to SQL Server database instance is a best practice for database administrators to keep data platform safe and secure from unauthorized users
SQL Server Auditing Tools
SQL Server Login Auditing using SQL Server Audit Tool
Database administrator can log successful logins to SQL Server using new SQL Server auditing tool SQL Server Audit .
In this SQL Server tutorial , administrators can configure an SQL Server login auditing mechanism using SQL Server Audit tool step by step
SQL Server Tools
SQL Server Activity Monitor Tool for Database Administrators
A new SQL Server tool for database administrators with SQL Server 2008 is SQL Server Activity Monitor for monitoring SQL Server performance and for troubleshoot SQL Server performance problems
Transact - SQL Tutorial
List Month Names using SQL Functions
SQL developers may need to list month names using SQL functions during their T - SQL programming tasks .
This Transact - SQL tutorial will demonstrate sql codes with DATENAME ( ) function that can be used in order to list names of months in SQL
SQL Mail XPs
Configure SQL Mail XPs sys.xp_readmail by using sp_configure
SQL Server blocked access to procedure ' sys.xp_readmail ' of component ' SQL Mail XPs ' because this component is turned off as part of the security configuration for this server
Database Mail
SQL Server Email using sp_send_dbmail with File Attachment
T- SQL programmers can easily attach files to database mails in SQL Server sent by using sp_send_dbmail by passing file physical paths into @file_attachments parameter
Transact - SQL Tutorial
SQL paging using ROW_NUMBER ( ) SQL Server Function
SQL paging in web applications like ASP.
NET web sites , etc is a common requirement for SQL Server developers .
For SQL Server versions before SQL Server 2012 , for example paging in SQL Server 2005 can be implemented using ROW_NUMBER ( ) SQL Server function easily
SQL Server FileStream
FILESTREAM feature is not supported on WoW64
An exception occurred while executing a Transact - SQL statement or batch .
( Microsoft.SqlServer.ConnectionInfo )
FILESTREAM feature is not supported on WoW64 .
The feature is disabled .
( Microsoft SQL Server , Error : 5593 )
SQL Server 2012 Installation
There was a failure to validate setting CTRLUSERS in validation function ValidateUsers
During SQL Server 2012 RC0 evaluation version installation , I got the following setup error : Error code 0x85640004 .
There was a failure to validate setting CTRLUSERS in validation function ValidateUsers .
Error code 0x85640004
SQL Server BCP
SQL Server BCP Utility with sp_HelpText to Generate Script File for Each Stored Procedure in a Database
SQL Server BCP utility is used to write sql query results to text files into a file folder .
If T - SQL developers use SQL BCP with sp_HelpText , it is possible to generate script files for SQL Server objects too
Transact - SQL Development in SQL Server 2012
New SQL IIF Boolean Function in SQL Server 2012
New SQL IIF function introduced with SQL Server 2012 evaluates a boolean expression and according to the being True or False of the boolean expression , returns one of the input values
SQL Server Tools
How to Display SQL Server Job History
SQL Server developers and database administrators can list SQL Server job history by querying MSDB database .
SQL Server MSDB database stores data related with SQL Server Agent service processes like database jobs , SQL Server job scheduling , job history , etc .
SQL Server Mean Value Calculation
Calculate Mean Value in SQL Server
SQL programmers can calculate mean value of a numeric array in SQL Server by using SQL Server AVG ( ) aggregate function .
Transact - SQL developers or database administrators can use mean value calculation method on any numeric table column in a SQL Server database as shown in this SQL tutorial
SQL Server Median Function
Calculate Median Value of a Numeric List in SQL Server
SQL programmers can calculate median value of a numeric array in SQL Server by using Row_Number ( ) , Count ( ) and other SQL Server aggregate functions .
Transact - SQL developers or database administrators can use median value calculation method on any numeric table column in a SQL Server database as well as the can calculate the median value of a given list as an input parameter to the SQL median function
SQL Server FileStream Configuration
Default FileStream filegroup is not available in database ' DatabaseName '
Msg 1969 , Level 16 , State 1 , Line 1
Default FILESTREAM
filegroup is not available in database ' DatabaseName '
SQL Server Management Studio
Hide Results Pane Shortcut Ctrl+R in SQL Server Management Studio CTP3
SQL Server Management Studio ( SSMS ) Hide Results Pane shortcut Ctlr +
R is not defined on my SQL Server 2012 CTP 3 installation at home
SQL Server Recursive Query
SQL Server Recursive Query with Recursive CTE ( Common Table Expession )
SQL Server Recursive Query structure is new with SQL Server 2005 Common Table Expression improvement .
What makes CTE indispensable in SQL development is its recursive query creation features
SQL Server Computed Columns
Computed Column Sample in SQL Server Database Table
A computed column in SQL Server is an expression field which uses other columns in the table as input in the expression .
SQL Server Backup
SQL Server Backup using Cmd Windows Command Line Backup with SQLCmd
This SQL Server 2008 tutorial show how to back up SQL database using command line tool SQLCMD
T- SQL Time Data Type Calculations
How to Calculate Time Operations in SQL Server on Time Data Type
Frequently , t- sql developers sum time fields and then return total time variable as and expression in hour , minute and seconds
SQL Server 2012 Express LocalDB Management
SQL Server Express LocalDB Management Utility SqlLocalDB.exe
A SQL Server Express LocalDB database is managed by the SqlLocalDB.exe management utility .
In BOL ( Books OnLine ) , you may also read about LocalDBManager .exe management utility , too
New SQL Server Functions
SQL Choose ( ) Function in SQL Server 2012
SQL Choose ( ) function returns an input argument from a list of input values at the desired index which is specified as an input arguement as well
New SQL Server Datetime Functions
Calculate SQL Last Day of Month using End of Month EOMonth ( ) Function in SQL Server 2012
SQL Server EOMonth ( ) function returns the last day of the month that the input argument start_date is in that month .
There is an optional input parameter offset , which helps T - SQL developers to find the end of month that is N months later or before the input start date argument
SQL Server Analytic Functions
SQL LAG () Function in SQL Server 2012 for Calculating Previous Values
SQL Server LAG ( ) function is a new SQL Analytic Function introduced with SQL Server 2012 for T - SQL developers .
SQL Lag ( ) can be used to return previous row value in an ordered list of rows
SQL Server Analytic Functions
SQL LEAD ( ) Function in SQL Server 2012 for Calculating Next Value
SQL LEAD ( ) function is one of the recent enhancements among SQL Analytic Functions introduced with SQL Server 2012 for developers .
What SQL Server Lead ( ) function does is returning simply the next Nth row value in an order
Install SQL Server 2012 Express LocalDB
SQL Server 2012 Express LocalDB Installation
SQL Server 2012 Express LocalDB is a new edition for SQL Server Express product especially targeting application developers .
Tutorial is showing SQL Server Express LocalDB installation step by step with screenshots
SQL Server Factorial Function
SQL Factorial Function to Calculate Factorial of an Integer in SQL Server
In SQL Server , developers can use SQL factorial function given in this tutorial to calculate factorial for a given integer value
Install SQL Server 2012
How to Install SQL Server 2012
This tutorial is showing how to insall SQL Server 2012 CTP3 on a database server .
The above described setup process may vary according to the SQL Server feature selection you configured for the instance .
I hope the setup guide will be helpful for developers and SQL Server database administrators
SQL Server 2012 Sample Database
Download Sample Database AdventureWorks for SQL Server 2012
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 database administrators and T - SQL developers can download sample database AdventureWorks for SQL Server 2012
SQL Server Analytic Functions
First_Value SQL Analytic Function in SQL Server 2012 T - SQL
First_Value SQL analytic function returns the first value of an ordered set of values
SQL Server Analytic Functions
Last_Value SQL Analytic Function in SQL Server 2012 T - SQL
Last_Value ( ) function is one of the newest enhancements in T - SQL just like other new SQL Server analytic functions introduced with SQL Server 2012 CTP3 release
SQL Server Express LocalDB
What is SQL Server Express LocalDB enhancement with SQL Server 2012
The SQL Server Express 2012 LocalDB enables developers directly connect to a SQL Server database .
And programmers can easily write to SQL database files and read from SQL Server database tables without dealing with the management of a SQL Server instance on their local machine
SQL Server Reporting Services 2012 Enhancements
What is New in SQL Server Reporting Services 2012 with CTP3
Microsoft has released CTP3 version of next Data Platform tool , SQL Server 2012 aka Denali .
And there are good news for Business Intelligence developers who are using SQL Server Reporting Services for BI development
T- SQL Enhancements in SQL Server 2012
SQL Analytic Functions new in SQL Server 2012 for T - SQL Developers
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 introduces a list of SQL Analytic Functions for T - SQL developers
SQL Programmability Enhancements in SQL Server 2012
New T - SQL Functions in SQL Server 2012 for T - SQL Developers
Microsoft SQL
Server 2012 introduces new 14 built - in functions as a programmability enhancement for T - SQL developers with the latest release of SQL Server 2012 CTP3 release
SQL Server Reporting Services
SQL Server Reporting Services : Create Data - Driven Subscription
In this SQL Server Reporting Services tutorial , business intelligence developers will create data - driven subscription in Reporting Services .
Data - driven subscriptions enable SQL Server Business
Intelligence developers deliver database reports in various formats in mass numbers with single task
SQL Server Tools
SQL Server Copy Database Wizard
SQL Server Copy Database Wizard provides a handy SQL Server tool for database administrators and developers to copy sql database from one SQL Server instance to another SQL Server
SQL Server Tools
Define Keyboard Shortcuts in SQL Server Management Studio to Simplfy T - SQL Commands
Why do n't you use SQL Server Management Studio Query Window keyboard shortcuts ?
Just highlight the SQL Server object name on Query Editor window and press shortcut keys
SQL Server Reporting Services
Subscriptions cannot be created because the credentials used to run the report are not stored
Reporting Services subscription error : Subscriptions cannot be created because the credentials used to run the report are not stored , or if a linked report , the link is no longer valid
T-SQL
Last Update Date using SQL Trigger in SQL Server Database Table
It is important to keep last update date on a database table row to see the last time when the current record is updated .
Database administrators and SQL developers generally put InsertDate and UpdateDate columns in table definitions during their CREATE TABLE scripts .
I use SQL Serve Update Trigger or SQL Server Instead Of Update Trigger to keep last update date field up - to date
SQL Server 2012
Cannot connect to SQL Server 2012
I 'm running SQL Server 2012 CTP 1 on my local computer .
Yesterday I got an error message " Cannot connect to SQL Server Denali instance " when I tried to connect to SQL Server 2012 instance using SQL Server Management Studio ( SSMS )
SQL Split String Function
TSQL Character Split Function in SQL Server
SQL Server split function in this t- sql tutorial returns each alpha-numeric character of the input string in different rows in order back to the user as output .
One important task for this string function is it adds additional null values between characters , if there is a numeric character in the input string
T- SQL Tutorial
SQL Count Function with Partition By Clause
SQL Count with Partition
By clause is one of the new powerful syntax that t- sql developers can easily use which is introduced with SQL Server 2005
SQL Formatter SQL Server Tools
SQL Assistant SQL Formatter tool for SQL Server Database Developers
Using SQL formatter tool for formatting sql code is very important to make sql code reading easier .
I believe many sql developers searched for a formatting sql code tool .
I ended to suffer from unformatted sql codes within hundreds of lines of t- sql code in stored procedures with SQL Assistant SQL Server tool
SQL Server Performance Optimization
SQL Query Performance Optimization using SET Statistics in SQL Server
It is a vital task for SQL Server developers and database administrators to optimize SQL query performance especially if the database application is showing poor performance
SQL Running Totals
SQL Running Total Sample in SQL Server 2008
Calculating sql running total in SQL Server queries is a common task for most of t- sql developers .
In order to display running totals for a quantity or amount column , easiest method in SQL Server is using t- sql CTE ( Common Table Expression ) structures
T- SQL Date Table
Create Date and Time Intervals Table in SQL Server 2008
Time schedule table or date table is frequently required by sql developers during t- sql coding .
In this t- sql tutorial I want to give some sql hints that SQL programmers can use in their daily works .
You will see that the following sql samples use SQL Server numbers table code in order to create a periodic time blocks or time intervals for different purposes
SQL Cursor Tutorial
T- SQL Nested Cursor in SQL Server 2008
SQL developers can create nested cursor in SQL Server by defining an outer cursor and within the cursor code a new cursor is defined for each row in main cursor select .
The inner cursor is created , executed , closed and deallocated each time in the outer cursor for each row
SQL Server Instead Of Trigger
SQL Server Instead Of Trigger with Sequence Table Sample
Using SQL Server Instead of Trigger defined on a table in combination with a sequence table and T - SQL features like SQL Output clause and T - SQL Row_Number function I will show how to insert the identity column value of a table from the sequence table
Oracle Linked Server
Create Oracle Linked Server to Query data from Oracle to SQL Server
This SQL Server tutorial shows how to create SQL Server linked server to Oracle database , for SQL Server administrators and t- sql developers to execute sql statements over the target Oracle database tables
SQL Server BCP Command
SQL Server BCP Command Example for SQL Output to File
In this sql tutorial , t- sql developers will find SQL BCP example to write SQL output to file .
Using SQL BCP command , developers can write output to text file
SQL Server Import Data using SSIS Package
SQL Server Import Data using SQL Server Import Export Data Wizard SSIS Package
SQL Server Import and Export Wizard , a SQL Server tools that enables SQL Server import data easily for ETL developers and database administrators .
SQL Server Logon Trigger
Logon Triggers - Logon failed for login due to trigger execution
While trying to connect SQL Server using SQL Server Management Studio Object Explorer , I got the following error message " Logon failed for login ' sqluser ' due to trigger execution . " .
When I see the error message occured during connect to SQL Server 2008 R2 database , I realized that the cause of the sql exception is the SQL Server logon trigger which I created recently for SQL Server login audit purposes
T- SQL Programming
SQL Waitfor Delay and SQL Waitfor Time in SQL Server
T- SQL developers use SQL Waitfor statement to postpone or delay the execution of a t- sql script block or to set the execution time of the sql code block
T- SQL Programming
How to Calculate SQL Last Day of Month in SQL Server
In order to return the last day of the month of a specific date the sql last day of month code scripts that are given in this T - SQL tutorial can be used
T- SQL Programming
Use xp_dirtree SQL Server Stored Procedure and Recursive CTE Query to List Hierarchical Structure of File Folders
T- SQL programming enables developers to use xp_dirtree SQL Server stored procedure with SQL recursive CTE query to display subdirectory list as a hierarchical structure of file folders
SQL Server Export to Excel
Export Data to Excel using SQL Server Integration Services SSIS Package
SQL Server SSIS packages can be used for sql data export to Excel file and deploy SSIS package to SQL Server Integration Services
T- SQL Tutorial
How to Prevent DROP Table using SQL Server View With SchemaBinding
SQL programmers can create SQL Server database VIEW objects using With SchemaBinding option to prevent changes in the dependent database objects .
T- SQL Trigger
How to Prevent DROP Table using SQL Server DDL Trigger
T- SQL developers and SQL Server administrators can prevent unauthorized users to drop sql tables using sql DROP TABLE command on their databases with the use of SQL Server DDL trigger
T- SQL Functions
Case Sensitive SQL Split Function
In this T - SQL tutorial , SQL developers can find a sample sql case sensitive split string function .
This sample SQL split string function identifies upper case letters and behaves as the start of a new word
Transact - SQL DateAdd
SQL Server DateAdd Function T - SQL Example
SQL Server DateAdd function returns date which is added a time inverval identified by " basic datetime interval units times a given number of times " to a specific input date or datetime parameter
Transact - SQL Programming
Fuzzy String Matching using Levenshtein Distance Algorithm in SQL Server
The Levenshtein distance algoritm is a popular method of fuzzy string matching .
replacements or chararacter insert or character deletion required to transform one string to other
SQL Server Dynamic SQL Query
How to Build SQL Server Dynamic SQL Query Example
SQL tutorial shows how to build a dynamic sql query in SQL Server for sql database developers
SQL Server Tools
LiteSpeed Backup SQL Server Backup Compression Tool
LiteSpeed Backup SQL Server Backup Compression tool is a backup compression software and sql backup compression tool for database administrator
SQL Server 2012
How to Install SQL Server 2012 - Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Installation Guide
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Installation Guide
SQL Server 2012
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Requirements
During Microsoft SQL
Server 2012 installation , in order to install SQL Server 2012 without a problem and an interreption please take care to the Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Requirements list
SQL Server 2012
Download SQL Server 2012 Sample Databases including AdventureWorks Database
Download sample databases including AdventureWorks database for SQL Server 2012
T- SQL sp_MSForEachDB
Stored Procedure
List Database Size using SQL Server sp_MSForEachDB
Stored Procedure
SQL Server sp_MSForEachDB stored procedure can be used by SQL Server database administrators and SQL developers to get a list of SQL Server databases and the database sizes
SQL Server sp_rename Stored Procedure
How to Rename Dabase Name using T - SQL sp_rename in SQL Server 2008
In order to rename database name in SQL Server , sp_renamedb stored procedure can be used
SQL Count Over Partition By
SQL Select Count of ResultSet Rows using COUNT (*)
OVER PARTITION BY
SQL SELECT statement used to return total rows count beside the rows data
SQL Tutorial - COALESCE
SQL COALESCE Function Example
SQL developers use SQL COALESCE function to return the first NOT NULL value of the function arguments
SQL Pad Leading Zeros
SQL Tutorial - SQL Pad Leading Zeros
In order to sql pad leading zeros , sql developers use sql string concatenation and sql string functions LEFT and RIGHT
SQL Server 2005 Service Pack 2 is now available
Microsoft has announced SQL Server 2005 Service Pack 2 ( SP2 ) on 16th of February 2007
For more information on SP2 read article at SQL Server 2005 SP2 titled article .
SQL Server 2005 Service Pack 1 is now available
Microsoft has announced SQL Server 2005 Service Pack 1 ( SP1 ) on 18th of April
For more information on SP1 read article at SQL Server 2005 SP1 titled article
SQL Trigger Tutorial
SQL Tutorial : Log Price Changes using SQL Server Trigger in SQL Server 2008
In this SQL Server trigger example , database sql trigger is used to keep history of changes on price column in a table
T- SQL Tutorial - Table - Valued Function
SQL Server Table - Valued Function Example
A SQL Server table - valued function is a user - defined function which returns a table data type as output and also accepts parameters
SQL Server Trigger
SQL Trigger Example in SQL Server 2008
An SQL trigger can contain sql codes that are executed automatically by SQL Server engine when a certain event occurs .
Since this sql tutorial is concentrated on DML ( Data Manipulation Language ) concepts right now , our sql code examples will be a DML sql trigger .
The events that trigger SQL Server triggers which are actually stored t- sql codes are sql INSERT , UPDATE and DELETE statements executed on a sql database table
SQL Server Analysis Services
Service ' MSSQLServerOLAPService ' start request failed
After I had install Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 , while trying to start MS SQL Server Analysis Service I got the following error message :
The service could not be started .
Reason : Service ' MSSQLServerOLAPService ' start request failed .
Change Data Capture
SQL Server Log Tool for Capturing Data Changes by building Change Data Capture Structure for MS SQL Server 2005
If you are using Microsoft SQL Server 2005 as your relational database and you neeed to log data changes in sql server databases in order to log changes or for recovery data , you can use the logging changes solution described here in this article built like Change Data Capture structures for MS SQL Server 2005 databases .
SQL Server Export to Excel
SQL Server Export to Excel using SQL Server Import and Export Wizard
Data export to Excel from SQL Server has always been a problem for T - SQL developers and SQL Server administrators .
Microsoft SQL
Server professionals have now advanced sql tools for solution to SQL Server export to Excel within SQL Server Management Studio .
The latest SQL tool to export data to Excel from SQL Server is SQL Server Import and Export Wizard
SQL Programming
Declare and Assign Value to a Variable in - line in SQL Server
SQL Server 2008 introduced sql variable declaration and inline value assignment for T - SQL developers .
This new feature enables SQL programmers to create a new sql variable using DECLARE command and directly assign it to a value using " = " ( equal ) sign in the same statement
SQL Tutorial
How to drop Default Constraint on a Table Column without knowing the Constraint Name for MS SQL Server 2005
How to drop Default Constraint on a Table Column without knowing the Constraint Name for SQL Server 2005
SQL Tutorial
How to Search SQL Text Anywhere in SQL Server Database
Many developers face the problem to search SQL text anywhere in the sql database objects definition .
If sql developers have an sql search tool which can be used to find specific keywords in SQL Server object definitions , then the solution to search string in sql is easy
SQL Tutorial
Find Tables
Where a Column is Used in Primary Key Definition
On SQL Server , to find the list of database tables where a specific column name is used in primary key definitions , Transact - SQL developers can use the SQL Select script shared in this tutorial
SQL Tutorial
How to Debug Stored Procedure in SQL Server 2008
How to debug stored procedure in SQL Server 2008 with given t- sql code and execute it to create stored procedure in sample SQL Server database
SQL Tutorial
SQL Tutorial - How to Map Payments to Expenses using T - SQL Query
In sample SQL Server database two database tables are used to store expenses and payments for closing expense amount .
SQL query matches payments done by the same customer to close expense records
SQL CLR String Split Function
SQL Server String Split T - SQL CLR Function Sample
SQL CLR enables developers to create SQL CLR stored procedure and SQL Server CLR function to build complex processes easier and perform better using VB.
NET or C#.
String split is one of the sample applications where SQL Server CLR functions will perform better in SQL Server 2005 and SQL Server 2008
T- SQL xp_cmdshell
List Directory Files using T - SQL xp_cmdShell Stored Procedure
SQL tutorial with sql script to list directory files and display contents as a file list using the t-sql xp_cmdShell stored procedure
SQL Server Partition Table
How to Partition Table ( a Non-Partitioned Table ) using T - SQL in SQL Server 2008
" Can we partition existing table in SQL Server ? " , or " How can we add partitioning to a non partitioned table ? " are frequently asked questions about sql partitioning and partitioned tables in MS SQL Server among t-sql developers and SQL Server professionals .
Especially partitioning non-partitioned tables may become a difficult task to partition an already existing table if it contains a lot of data and has many constraints and relations with other sql tables in the database .
SQL Server Backup
How to Create SQL Server Backup Job
All SQL Server database administrators create SQL Server backup job to take database backup of their SQL Servers .
It is of course possible to execute SQL Server backup scripts periodically , or to execute t- sql backup commands from a scheduled SQL Server job , but Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 has advanced Maintenance Plan options to manage sql backup tasks for you .
SQL XML Query Example
Microsoft SQL Server XML Query Example
In this SQL XML Query example , t- sql developers will see enhancements introduced first with Microsoft SQL Server 2005 related with SQL XML features
SQL Server Backup Script
SQL Server Backup Script for All Databases in SQL Server Instance
Undocumented stored procedure sp_Msforeachdb can help SQL administrators and t- sql developers to repeat tasks on each of sql databases running on the SQL Server instance .
SQL Server backup script using sp_Msforeachdb undocumented stored procedure will make it sql backups easier for sql professionals
SQL Backup Script
MS SQL Server Backup Script
Microsoft SQL
Server database administrators and T - SQL programmers can use SQL Server backup script to take sql backup of their sql databases
SQL Backup
SQL Backup - SQL Server Backup Database Tool in SQL Server Management Studio
SQL Server backup is copy of the data in your database which is used to restore database in case of a failure in production environment
SQL VBScript
How to Run VBScript from SQL Server 2008
SQL developers can run vb script files from SQL Server t- sql codes by using xp_cmdshell procedure .
Of course calling vbscript from sql can be solved by using CLR in SQL Server after the release of SQL Server 2005
SQL Server E-Mail
Send SQL Mail using CDONTS .NewMail in SQL Server 2008
SQL developers can send e-mail from SQL Server using CDONTS or CDOSYS .
Although SQL Server 2005 introduced Database Mail for sending emails from SQL Server , let 's remember how CDONTS can be used along with SQL Server OLE Automation stored procedures
SQL Server 2008 Database Mail Setup
How to configure Database Mail in SQL Server 2008 R2 and Use sp_send_dbmail
What is SQL Database Mail ?
Database Mail Configuration in SQL Server 2008 R2 and how to send eMail using Database Mail sp_send_dbmail T - SQL Command
SQL XML Query in SQL Server
SQL XML Query in SQL Server 2008
With t-sql enhancements introduced with Microsoft SQL Server 2005 , developers are now enable to use more powerful T - SQL XML commands during their developments .
Import XML into SQL Server
How to Import XML into SQL Server 2005 or SQL Server 2008
In this MSSQL XML tutorial , I will try to give t- sql xml query samples that can be used with dealing sql xml data and import XML to SQL Server
T-SQL
A correlation name must be specified for the bulk rowset in the from clause .
While inserting image files into a SQL Server database table using the OPENROWSET function , " A correlation name must be specified for the bulk rowset in the from clause . " might occur
SQL Server Database Mail
SQL Server Database Mail sp_send_dbmail Example
Here is a sample t- sql code using sp_send_dbmail system stored procedure to send email from SQL Server .
SQL Server 2008 Certification
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Certification Exams
Certification guide for candidates listing Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Certification Exams giving credits for SQL Server 2008 Certifications
T-SQL
sysindexes System View - List of Indexes Defined on a SQL Database Table
SQL developers and SQL Server database administrators frequently require to list of indexes defined on a sql database table .
In SQL Server 2005 and later versions , T - SQL developers and sql administrators can use given SQL script to list SQL Server indexes defined on a database table
SQL Server 2008 R2
AdventureWorks Database - Download Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 Sample Databases
Download SQL Server 2008 R2 sample databases including AdventureWorks database download from CodePlex
T- SQL TRY CATCH
SQL Try Catch in SQL Server 2005
One of the tsql enhancements in Microsoft SQL Server 2005 is SQL Try Catch improvement .
T- SQL Try Catch in SQL Server 2005 enables database developers exception handling on SQL Server databases
SQL Server 2008 R2
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 Upgrade Advisor Download
If you plan to upgrade to SQL Server 2008 R2 , you should better choose Install Upgrade Advisor first .
SQL Server 2008 R2
What is new in Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services
Business Intelligence ( BI ) developers can find a short list of new features in Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services 2008 R2
T- SQL NEWID ( )
Use SQL NEWID in SQL Functions as SQL Random Generator
SQL NewID function is used for selecting random row from a resultset in SQL Server databases .
Using with TOP N keyword in SELECT statements where SQL NEWID is in the ORDER BY statement , random records are selected from a table or from a set of rows .
" SELECT TOP 1 FullName FROM Customers ORDER BY NEWID ( ) " is a sample sql NEWID usage .
SQL Extended Stored Procedure
How to Create Folder from SQL Server sys.xp_create_subdir Extended Stored Procedure
SQL Server tutorial for sql developers to create file folder using SQL Server sys.xp_create_subdir extended stored procedure
SQL Multiple CTE Example
SQL Multiple CTE Syntax and T - SQL CTE Example in SQL Server 2008
This t-sql tutorial will give t- sql examples to show hot to use sql multiple CTE queries in one SQL Select statement
SQL Select from Stored Procedure
How to SQL Select from Stored Procedure using SQL Server OPENQUERY or OPENROWSET
Database tutorial showing SQL developers to select from SQL stored procedure execution results using OPENQUERY and OPENROWSET
SQL Server Trigger
SQL Trigger : SQL Server Trigger Example to Log Changes History of a SQL Table
In this t- sql tutorial sql administrators and tsql developers will find SQL Trigger example code created for logging of updated or deleted records into history tables .
The SQL Server trigger will be created as sql update / delete trigger on the target database table .
For example when the web application or users create / insert record into sql table or delete record from sql database table , the sample sql trigger will execute .
The sql trigger will insert the deleted or updated version of the table row into history table
sp_Msforeachdb SQL Procedure
How to Find a SQL Table in All Different Databases on a SQL Server Instance using sp_Msforeachdb
SQL Server database administrators sometimes need to search for a sql table in all sql databases on a SQL Server instance .
Using sql sp_Msforeachdb undocumented stored procedure , the SELECT statement or any t-sql statement passed as an argument will be executed on every SQL database existing on the SQL Server instance
xp_regread SQL Procedure
Read Registry using SQL Server xp_regread SQL Stored Procedure
xp_regread sql stored procedure can be used to read registry key values in t-sql codes on a SQL Server database server .
xp_regread sql extended stored procedure is one of the undocumented stored procedures
T- SQL Utilities
How to use SQL DROP Table If Table Exists in SQL Database
To drop a table in SQL database , developers use sql DROP TABLE command .
If sql table does not exist in SQL Server database , then sql DROP TABLE command will cause an sql engine error
T- SQL Utilities
SQL Object Where Used List by a Search SQL Database Objects Text
A common requirement for SQL Server database administrators and sql developers is to search in which sql objects a stored procedure or a view or a table is used .
One way of finding sql objects like sql procedures , views and sql functions which uses a specific object is to run a t- sql SELECT statement on the text definitions of all database objects like SPs , views and tsql functions .
The text definitions of all objects are stored in text column of syscomments system table
SQL Server 2008
SQL Server Management Studio 2008 SSMS : " Saving changes is not permitted " error
Saving changes is not permitted .
The changes you have made require the following tables to be dropped and re-created .
You have either made changes to a table that can't be re-created or enabled the option Prevent saving changes that require the table to be re-created .
SQL Functions
How to Extract Filename from Path using SQL Functions
SQL tutorial for t- sql developers to find sql codes for extracting file name from fullpath of a file
SQL Master Data
There are two artists with this name ; 1 ) Iron Maiden are an English heavy metal band formed in Leyton , East London , in 1975 by bassist and primary songwriter Steve Harris .
The band 's discography has grown to 39 albums , including 16 studio albums , 12 live albums , four EPs , and seven compilations .
Pioneers of the new wave of British heavy metal , Iron Maiden achieved initial success during the early 1980s .
After several line - up changes , the band went on to release a series of UK and US platinum and gold albums , including 1982's The Number of the Beast , 1983's Piece of Mi… read more
My package came haphazardly wrapped with electrical tape - a sign of a true rebel .
You have no cause !
Inside was an LP of some grungetastic garage music , from which I can only guess is borne from the musical loins of my secret satan himself ( there was no note or anything , but I 'm pretty sure it 's him ) .
Rock on , fellow musician !
Also inside was a package of cilantro lime soap ( ohh man , I love cilantro ! ) .
Thanks Santa :)
WASHINGTON , Dec. 7 ( UPI ) --
Ethics rules designed to curb U.S. congressional junkets have had mixed success , with some lawmakers exploiting loopholes , The New York Times reported Monday .
The newspaper said Monday it examined 1,150 trips by U.S. lawmakers and found instances in which rules established to limit the influence of corporate lobbyists were bent or broken .
Advertisement
The Times cited a trip by Rep. James Sensenbrenner , R - Wis. , to tour a prince 's vineyard in Liechtenstein at the expense of a group of European companies ; a flight provided to Rep. Danny Davis , D - Ill. , from a big donor to Inner Mongolia to lobby for a new medical supplies factory in rural China ; and a privately sponsored trip to the King David Hotel in Jerusalem and a gala party near the Western Wall provided to Rep.
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R - Fla .
" Many organizations that are seeking to educate congressional leaders on a range of topics receive money from a variety of sources to better enable them to do so , without any cost to taxpayers , " a Sensenbrenner spokeswoman told the newspaper .
Davis told the Times said he saw nothing wrong with a financial contributor flying him to help close a private business deal , while Ros-Lehtinen declined to comment on her trip .
“ She 's a companion .
She has a personality .
She hears you .
She listens to you .
She speaks .
She feels your touch .
She goes to sleep .
We are trying to replicate a personality of a person . ”
The liquids in the manure are part of a closed circle as well .
Everything at the dairy is sited with gravity in mind , so that all liquids  the runoff from the drying area , wet manure left behind in the alleys , wastewater from the milking parlor and rainwater  drain into the first of three interconnected lagoons that are lined with compacted clay .
The first lagoon is bubbly and dark , with anaerobic bacteria digesting the organic matter to reduce odor .
By the third lagoon , the water is clear and dilute enough to be pumped to irrigation equipment on Mr. Volleman ’s fields .
But the margin for error in handling both the solids and liquids is thin .
Farmers must plan where and when they spread dried manure , both to avoid odor complaints from downwind neighbors and to avoid overapplying nutrients that may run off in a rainstorm .
“ It ’s like any other business , ” Dr. Mukhtar said .
“ If you ’re not keeping track of where your nutrients are going , you may be reapplying those nutrients on the same piece of land .
That ’s more than the plants can take and the soil can hold . ”
Image Manure is vacuumed up by a Zamboni - like machine to be processed .
Credit ... Brandon Thibodeaux for The New York Times
One problem , said Robert T. Burns , a professor in the department of agricultural and biosystems engineering at Iowa State University , is that manure typically has more phosphorous than needed .
“ Manure is an unbalanced fertilizer from the plant ’s view , ” Dr. Burns said .
Diet modification can help , to some extent .
Phosphorous is added to dairy feed as a supplement , and research has shown that it tends to be added in excess , said William P. Weiss , a professor in the animal sciences department at Ohio State University .
“ You can get good milk and good health at much lower levels , ” Dr. Weiss said .
“ And every gram less they feed is a gram less excreted . ”
Nitrogen , on the other hand , comes from protein , and a lactating cow needs to consume a lot of protein .
“ Decrease it a bit , and then milk production falls off , ” Dr. Weiss said .
Tiger Woods and Accenture have been partners for six years
The giant management consultancy firm Accenture has ended its sponsorship of Tiger Woods , saying the golfer is " no longer the right representative " .
Woods has been engulfed in a media storm since a disturbance outside his house two weeks ago .
He has since admitted being unfaithful to his wife .
Woods is taking an indefinite break from golf to try to save his marriage .
Accenture is the second sponsor to react to the news .
Gillette has already said it would cut back Woods ' role .
" For the past six years , Accenture and Tiger Woods have had a very successful sponsorship arrangement and his achievements on the golf course have been a powerful metaphor for business success in Accenture 's advertising , " the company said in a statement .
" However , given the circumstances of the last two weeks , after careful consideration and analysis , the company has determined that he is no longer the right representative for its advertising . "
Accenture said that " it wishes only the best for Tiger Woods and his family " .
" Accenture has made a decision to not continue with their sponsorship .
We are disappointed but respect their decision , " said Mark Steinberg , Woods ' agent .
One analyst said that the problem for advertisers was not only Woods ' image , but also the fact that he is not active in the sport at present .
Accenture " had tied everything in their campaign to Tiger Woods , " Rick Burton , a professor of sports management at Syracuse University , told the Associated Press .
" If he 's not golfing , those ads do n't make sense . "
Billion dollars
Among his other sponsors , the US phone firm AT&T has said it is " presently evaluating our ongoing relationship " with Woods , but his main sponsor Nike said it was standing firm and offered him its " full support " .
Chairman Phil Knight said Woods " has been really great " since they started backing him in 1996 , and believes the storm will blow over the 14 - time major winner .
" When his career is over , you 'll look back on these indiscretions as a minor blip , but the media is making a big deal out of it right now , " Knight told Sports Business Journal .
Until the scandal broke , Woods was one of the biggest targets for global corporations .
Links with an array of brands - also including Electronic Arts video games , Gatorade drinks , and Tag Heuer watches - have helped him amass a fortune .
Electronic
Arts said its business strategy with the golfer remained unchanged .
Tag Heuer also said its sponsorship would continue because Woods ' personal life is " not our business " .
The Associated Press says he is believed to be the first sports star to have earned $ 1bn ( £ 600 m ) .
You have to wonder about all sorts of things ... his state of mind ... whether he 's thinking of early retirement
Peter Alliss
Golf commentator Woods , 33 , is considered one of the best - if not the best - golfers of all time and until his recent troubles , was thought likely to overhaul Jack Nicklaus ' record of 18 major championship victories .
Although he is within four of matching that tally , BBC golf commentator Peter Alliss believes it is possible he will not play again .
" He 's going to have to put up with a lot of nonsense and ridicule and comment for the next 20 to 30 years and it depends how well he tackles that , " he said .
" He 's in a very nasty , awkward position of his own making , I 'm afraid .
" You have to wonder about all sorts of things that we 're not privy to - his state of mind , whether he wants to continue , whether he 's thinking of early retirement . "
The storm blew up after Woods crashed his car into a fire hydrant and a tree outside his Florida home at the end of November .
Rumours of an argument in the Woods household led to media allegations about extra-marital affairs .
Lurid headlines have linked him to a string of women .
On Friday , Woods admitted for the first time that he had been unfaithful to his wife Elin .
" I am deeply aware of the disappointment and hurt that my infidelity has caused to so many people , most of all my wife and children , " said Woods in a statement .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Robert Ashley helps people in videogames instead of helping people in real life , meets a comedy group who spend hundreds of hours every year playing the most boring videogame ever created , talks to a guy who quit playing games for a year , and profiles the best selling pinball designer of all time .
Download Now iTunes
XML
MP3
December 15 , 2009 - Robin Walker
Soldiers continue to hold the lead in the war but like an M&M lodged up their collective noses , the Demoman refuses to melt away quietly .
In other M&M - Stuck - Up - Drew - Wolf 's - Nose metaphor news , the Soldier 's lead remains thin as a candy coating .
In fact , judging from our most recent numbers ( 4923531 Soldiers killed to 5056134 Demomen killed ) , the Demo actually seems to be closing the gap as the War hurtles to a close .
For all you conscientious objectors to the war , you can still make some postwar memories to tell your grandchildren , because Team Fortress 2 is having another free weekend starting Thursday night as soon as the update goes live ( though you can start preloading now ) .
As for all you soldiers fighting the good fight in the trenches , only to find the Demo - controlled media back home painting you as incompetent monsters , this update 's for you .
 -- Question :
How long is a person expected to live after a bypass operation ?
Answer :
The life expectancy after coronary bypass surgery depends again on the individual 's risk factors .
And most importantly on the ventricular function , how well the muscle of the heart works .
If the muscle in the heart works well , the life expectancy can be approximately what the normal population is who 've never a heart attack .
On the other hand , people with advanced left ventricular dysfunction -- that means , who 've had significant damage to the main pumping chamber of the heart -- their life expectancy is more limited .
Next : How Long Is Person Expected To Live After A Stent Is Inserted ?
Previous : How Long Is A Person Expected To Live After A Heart Attack ?
A Pakistani court has ordered the noses and ears of two men be cut off after they did the same to a young woman whose family spurned a marriage proposal from one of them , a prosecutor said today .
The anti-terrorism court in the eastern city of Lahore said it was applying Islamic law .
The prosecutor , Chaudhry Ali Ahmed , said one of the accused , Sher Mohammad , was a cousin of the 19 - year - old woman and wanted to marry her .
Her parents refused .
Sher Mohammad and a friend , Amanat Mohammad , were accused of kidnapping the woman and cutting off her ears and nose in September this year .
Both men were jailed for 50 years yesterday and told to pay fines and compensation to the woman amounting to several thousand dollars , the prosecutor said .
Pakistan 's legal system has Islamic elements that sometimes lead to orders for harsh punishments , but the sentences are often overturned and rarely carried out .
Serious crimes are often referred to anti-terrorism courts in Pakistan because they move faster .
Violence against women , especially attacks by spurned lovers , also occurs frequently in this impoverished South Asian nation .
The men have seven days to appeal , Ahmed said .
by
There ’s a debate going on now among U.S. computer science researchers and educators , about whether the U.S. as a nation is serious about maintaining its lead in computer science .
We have been the envy of the world , drawing most of the worlds ’ best and brightest in the field to our country , and laying the foundations of a huge industry that has fostered wealth and national power .
But there is a growing sense within the field that all of this may be changing .
This sense of malaise is a common topic around faculty water coolers across the country , and in speeches by industry figures like Bill Gates and Vint Cerf .
Whatever the cause – and more on that below – there two main symptoms .
First is a sharp decrease in funding for computer science research , especially in strategic areas such as cybersecurity .
For example , DARPA , the Defense Department research agency that funded the early Internet and other breakthroughs , has cut its support for university computer science research by more than 40 % in the last three years , and has redirected the remaining funding toward short - term advanced development efforts .
Corporate research is not picking up the slack .
The second symptom , which in my view is more worrisome , is the sharp decrease in the number of students majoring in computer science .
One reputable survey found a 60 % drop in the last four years .
One would have expected a drop after the dotcom crash – computer science enrollments have historically tracked industry business cycles – but this is a big drop !
( At Princeton , we ’ve been working hard to make our program more compelling , so we have seen a much smaller decrease . )
All this despite fundamentals that seem sound .
Our research ideas seem as strong as ever ( though research is inherently a hit - and - miss affair ) , and the job market for our graduates is still very strong , though not as overheated as a few years ago .
Our curricula are n’t perfect but are better than ever .
So what ’s the problem ?
The consensus seems to be that computer science has gotten a bad rap as a haven for antisocial , twinkie - fed nerds who spend their nights alone in cubicles wordlessly writing code , and their days snoring and drooling on office couches .
Who would want to be one of them ?
Those of us in the field know that this stereotype is silly ; that computer scientists do many things beyond coding ; that we work in groups and like to have fun ; and that nowadays computer science plays a role in almost every field of human endeavor .
Proposed remedies abound , most of them attempts to show people who computer scientists really are and what we really do .
Stereotypes take a long time to overcome , but there ’s no better time than the present to get started .
UPDATE ( July 28 ) : My colleagues Sanjeev Arora and Bernard Chazelle have a thoughtful essay on this issue in the August issue of Communications of the ACM .
