The New York World 's Fair of 1939 and 1940 promised visitors they would be looking at the " World of Tomorrow . "
Not everything they saw there came true , but plenty was close .
One reason for that was the fair 's own lasting influence on American architecture and industrial design .
SEE ALSO :
This Day in Tech
April 30 , 1939 : The Future Arrives at New York World ’s FairIt was a futuristic city inspired by the pages – and covers – of pulp science fiction : huge geometric shapes , sweeping curves , plenty of glass and chromium , and gleaming white walls .
The fair was the last great blossoming of the Streamlined Moderne style of Art Deco .
It was also heavily influenced by the still - rising International Style of such architects as Le Corbusier and Ludwig Mies van der Rohe .
What people saw at the fair , they wanted for themselves .
And when World War II ended , the American consumer machine began giving them what they wanted , or at least what they thought they wanted , or maybe even what the marketers thought the public thought they wanted .
The fair also influenced sci-fi art , both in print and in the set design of hundreds of movies and TV shows , continuing to shape our collective notions of what tomorrow is all about .
Above :
Flanked by amusement rides , the fair 's signature central buildings , the Trylon and Perisphere , glow in the night at the fairgrounds in Flushing Meadows , Queens .
Photo : Corbis
The exterior of the General Motors pavilion , designed by Norman Bel Geddes , offered a full - scale version of a scene from Futurama inside .
The architecture still looks modern today .
The cars , not so much .
( As originally posted , this caption misidentified the pavilion . )
Photo : Peter Campbell / Corbis
The Electric Utilities Pavilion featured a walk - through waterfall .
Will wonders never cease ?
Photo : Peter Campbell / Corbis
General Motors ' Futurama exhibit let visitors view the world of tomorrow from comfortable , moving chairs while touring a vast scale model of the American countryside .
Covering more than 35,000 square feet , Futurama was the largest scale model ever constructed , including more than 500,000 buildings , 1 million trees and 50,000 motor vehicles – many in motion .
Photo : Corbis
Visitors entered the huge white globe of the Perisphere from an long outdoor escalator ( top right of photo ) and exited on a broad sweeping ramp called the Helicline .
The inside of Perisphere had its own model city of the future .
The 700 - foot - tall three - sided obelisk of the Trylon is just visible on the left .
Wallace Harrison , co-designer ( with partner Max Abramovitz ) of the Trylon and Perisphere , was later lead designer for the United Nations headquarters in Manhattan .
Photo : Corbis
The National Cash Register building was self - evident , a colossal version of the numerous roadside " shape " buildings of the automotive age .
Color film was a new and expensive diversion for most photographers of the time , but plenty of them splurged to capture the fair in all its glory .
Photo : Peter Campbell / Corbis
The Carrier Air Conditioning building was a giant igloo .
Get the message ?
Photo : Peter Campbell / Corbis
The Glass Incorporated Pavilion instructed visitors about the history of glassmaking with models encased in glass bubbles .
Ah , the virtues of transparency !
Photo : Peter Campbell / Corbis
The Douglas DC - 3 first flew in 1935 , but very few people could afford air travel during the Great Depression .
Getting on a plane , even one that was n't about to take off , was a big treat for fairgoers .
American Airlines has changed its logo , but not its distinctive bare - metal look .
Photo : Peter Campbell / Corbis
See Also :
A prosecutor manufactures evidence in order to win a conviction .
After the convicted serves 25 years in prison , exculpatory evidence pointing to another perpetrator surfaces .
The convicted is released .
Should he be able to sue the prosecutor who concocted the false evidence used to convict him ?
Believe it or not , it 's still an open question .
In November , the Supreme Court will hear arguments on Pottawattamie v. McGhee in order to resolve it .
The facts of the case are n't in dispute .
In 1978 , a retired Iowa police captain was killed by a shotgun blast while working as a private security guard .
Prosecutors Joseph Hrvol and David Richter then worked with local police to manufacture evidence against the two chief suspects , Terry Harrington and Curtis McGhee , Jr. The two men were convicted of the murder in separate trials , and each was sentenced to life without parole .
The Iowa Supreme Court set aside both convictions in 2003 , citing exculpatory evidence pointing to another suspect that was withheld from defense counsel in both trials .
Both men were eventually released from prison .
Seeking damages for losing 25 years of their lives , they brought a civil rights suit against the police , prosecutors , and county that convicted them .
Hrvol and Richter maintain that under the Supreme Court 's decision in the 1976 case Imbler v. Pacthman , they have absolute immunity against such a suit .
In Imbler , the Supreme Court determined that a prosecutor who knowingly uses false testimony and withholds exculpatory evidence is immune from damages , even in cases where his misdeeds result in a wrongful conviction .
The Court determined that subjecting prosecutors to the possibility of such suits would affect their judgment in determining what cases to bring .
In another case involving a falsely convicted man attempting to bring a lawsuit , the Court extended absolute immunity to include district attorneys who poorly supervise their subordinates .
Hrvol and Richter contend that prosecutorial immunity gives government officials the right to coerce witnesses to lie , withhold evidence pointing to a suspect 's innocence , and work with police to manufacture false evidence of guilt , then use that evidence to win false convictions that send two men to prison for 25 years .
Their motivation for making this argument is obvious ; they 'd rather not pay for their misconduct .
But they 're supported in amicus briefs filed by the U.S. Solicitor General , the National District Attorneys Association , and the attorneys general of 27 states and the District of Columbia .
Notably , Cook County , Illinois , home to a number of wrongful convictions , also filed its own brief in support of the prosecutors .
The Court has put one small dent in the absolute immunity shield enjoyed by prosecutors .
In the 1993 case Buckley v. Fitzsimmons , it ruled that prosecutors who act as investigators in a case are subject to the more limited qualified immunity afforded to police officers with respect to the actions they take as investigators .
Qualified immunity is still a high hurdle ; it does n't exactly open prosecutors up to a barrage of lawsuits .
A claimant must show that a state actor violated his " clearly established statutory or constitutional rights , " as those rights are understood by a " reasonable person " ( as distinguished from a legal professional ) .
Under Buckley , prosecutors who violate the clear constitutional rights of a defendant while serving an investigatory role can be sued , but once they assume the role of a prosecutor , they 're immune .
In Buckley , the defendant was incarcerated for three years while the state attorney concocted forensic evidence against him .
But by the time he was tried , a new state attorney had been elected .
The first jury was unable to reach a verdict .
Buckley was eventually released and all charges against him were dropped .
He then filed suit against multiple parties .
It was his suit against the state attorney that made it to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Hrvol , Richter , and the government entities supporting them split hairs to distinguish their case from Buckley :
In Buckley , they point out , the prosecutor who tried the case was n't the same person who manufactured the evidence .
Since Hrvol and Richter were a full - service operation — manufacturing evidence and trying the case — they argue that they should be immune from a lawsuit .
They say that the rights of Ghee and Harrington were violated when they were convicted based on the false evidence , not when the evidence was actually manufactured .
Under that interpretation , Hrvol and Richter were acting as prosectors when the civil rights violations occurred , so they have absolute immunity .
It 's a stunner of an argument .
If the Supreme Court buys it , it would mean that prosecutors who invent evidence to convict innocent people would only be susceptible to a lawsuit if a prosecutor other than themslves ends up using that evidence in court .
If they argue the evidence , they can't be touched .
Among other things , these rules create a double standard : Prosecutors acting as police investigators would enjoy more protection than actual police investigators .
In fact , the argument removes prosecutors from virtually all civil accountability or liability .
Supporters of extending absolute immunity argue that prosecutors are held accountable in other ways — by appellate courts , bar associations , and legal disciplinary boards .
But an amicus brief filed by the Cato Institute , the American Civil Liberties Union , and the National Association of Criminal Defense Attorneys cites studies of wrongful convictions in California , New York , and Chicago , all of which found that though prosecutorial misconduct contributed to a sizable majority of cases that sent innocent people to prison in those states , the misbehaving prosecutors were almost never sanctioned .
If the Supreme Court rules for Hrvol and Richter , it would essentially overturn Buckley and give prosecutors complete immunity , even when they conspire to convict an innocent person from the earliest stages of an investigation .
The vast majority of prosecutors would never engage in such reprehensible conduct , of course .
But it 's curious why professional district attorney organizations and government agencies want to protect the lowly few who would .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
Nick Mathison leans over the glass display cases at Trader 's Smoke Shop in Peoria and spreads a pile of flaky green herbs across the counter .
" I smoked some of this one night when I was watching a movie , " he says , tucking tufts of his red hair under a black baseball cap .
" And this really warm feeling started at the top of my scalp and just slowly moved down my face and head .
I was on the edge of my seat watching this movie , but I felt really , really mellow .
And all it took was one hit . "
The herb on the counter resembles sage mixed with crumbled marijuana , but it 's fuzzier and fluffier , filled with tiny brown hairs and minuscule crystals .
It smells like dry leaves and black licorice and it's being sold in head shops all over the Valley as an " herbal incense blend " meant to be burned for aromatherapy .
Info JWH -018
But people have been smoking it in joints and pipes to get high .
Most of these grassy - looking incense blends , which come in a variety of brands and scents , contain a relatively new synthetic compound called JWH - 018 .
Few studies have been published on the substance — which is legal ( for now , anyway ) in the U.S. — but recent DEA research indicates it may have the same effect as cannabis ( marijuana ) .
And this has made it very popular in Phoenix .
Local smoke shop owners say these " legal herb " incense products , often packaged in one - gram foil packets and sold for $ 25 to $ 45 each , are flying off shelves .
" This stuff has been around for years , but it 's been very underground , " Tim Martin , owner of West Valley smoke shop Herb N Legend , says .
" The trend has just exploded in the last 60 days .
People are buying a lot of this stuff . "
And they 're stealing it , too .
Trader 's Smoke Shop was robbed twice last year , first in early October and again in mid-November .
Mathison , the store 's manager , says the thieves were selective — they mainly cleaned out the store 's three shelves of herbal incense .
Last month , the Kind Connection Tattoo and Smoke Shop in Flagstaff was robbed for $ 300 worth of Spice Gold , one of the more popular herbal incense blends .
Mathison says he works hard to keep this new " legal herb " incense in stock .
" Some people come in and buy several bags at once , and they get mad if you 're out of their brand , " he says .
" It 's like they 're jonesing for it . "
" Fake weed " is n't a new concept — companies like California - based International Oddities have been making imitation cannabis buds from herbs like lettuce , catnip , and damiana for two decades , packaging them in plastic tubes and selling them as legal smoke blends named after real strains of potent marijuana , such as " Hydro , " " Inda - Kind , " or " Thai Stix . "
Although these products look like top - class marijuana buds and are advertised as " euphoric smoking experiences , " they wo n't get smokers high , even if you blaze an ounce in one sitting .
That 's because none of them contains traces of tetrahydrocannibanol ( THC ) , the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana , or any other known psychoactive ingredient , for that matter .
But the herbal incense blends that have hit the market in the past year are different .
For one , they 're not marketed as something to smoke .
Every package specifically states they 're to be used for incense or aromatherapy and are " not for human consumption . "
But the biggest difference is that these incense blends , with names like Pep - Pourri , Serenity Now , and Puff , contain the synthetic chemical compound JWH - 018 .
Most mock pot blends sold as alternative smokes do not .
And the JWH - 018 is what 's getting people stoned .
Though it 's used almost exclusively as an ingredient in herbal incense now , it was first developed in 1995 for research , by organic chemist John W. Huffman at Clemson University in South Carolina .
He created a chemical compound to try and find cannabinoid receptors in the brain — the parts that THC in marijuana bond with to produce feelings of euphoria — and research shows he was successful .
Christian Steup , a medical doctor and pharmacist at Frankfurt , Germany - based THC Pharm , which makes medicines from marijuana , told Chemistry World that JWH - 018 is " four to five times more potent than tetrahydrocannabinol , more commonly known as THC . "
Unlike Salvia divinorum , a psychoactive , organic sage plant used in religious ceremonies by Aztec shamans and now packaged and sold to head shops , JWH - 018 is entirely synthetic .
The effects are also different : People who smoke Salvia may hallucinate or experience spiritual trances ; people who smoke JWH - 018 claim it replicates a marijuana high : light - headedness or warm - headedness , a feeling of relaxation , even the munchies .
The United States Drug Enforcement Administration conducted a study on JWH - 018 in 2009 .
The resulting report noted the lack of published research on the substance to date , and described four DEA " behavioral pharmacology studies " in which animals were given JWH - 018 .
" In mice , it decreases overall activity , produces analgesia , decreases body temperature , and produces catalepsy [ rigid muscles ] , " the report states .
" JWH - 018 's activity in all four tests suggests that it is likely to have THC - like psychoactive effects in humans . "
In other words , smoking JWH - 018 will probably have the same effect as smoking marijuana .
And it 's perfectly legal .
Of course , you 're not supposed to smoke herbal incense blends that contain JWH - 018 .
Just as many head shop owners insist their bongs and pipes are for " tobacco use only , " they try to watch their language when discussing herbal incense .
Asked if he 's ever smoked any himself , Herb N Legend owner Tim Martin grins and replies , " I 've burned it .
It 's supposed to be an incense , so I really can't discuss the effects of smoking it . "
" It 's like if I 'm selling spray paint at Home Depot , " Nick Mathison explains .
" I 'm selling it to you as paint — now , if you go outside and huff it , that 's beyond my control .
Well , I 'm selling these products as incense .
I can't control what people do with them when they get home . "
But the government could .
JWH -018 has already been banned in nine countries for its alleged psychoactive effects and health risks , starting with Australia in December 2008 and just last month in Russia and Belarus .
Lawmakers in the U.K. and Canada have classified JWH - 018 as a " schedule II " or " class B " drug , which puts it in the same category as cannabis and marijuana derivatives .
The chief medical officer of the Russian Federation found that JWH - 018 has " psychotropic , narcotic effects , contain poisonous components , and represent potential threat for humans . "
The DEA has classified JWH - 018 as a " drug and chemical of concern , " but it is not currently federally controlled under the Controlled Substances
Act and is not illegal in any U.S. state — though lawmakers in Kansas are currently considering a bill that would ban it .
Some proponents of legal herb worry about spreading the word that people can legally get high by smoking " incense " containing JWH -018 .
" Right now , it 's legal , but the government 's going to do what it always does , " Martin says .
" Once they find out people are getting high off something , they 'll ban it .
But you know what ?
Somewhere , somebody 's already working on the next big thing . "
Thomas Edison 's now ubiquitous incandescent light bulbs will soon be a dim memory , phased out by 2014 because they use too much energy .
The great light hope to replace them is the kind of bulbs made from light - emitting diodes , or LEDs .
More efficient even than their green rival , compact fluorescent bulbs , many LEDs can last about 20 years .
But if you take into account how much energy is needed to manufacture them , are LEDs still a sustainable option .
Ask Mary Ashe , a graduate engineering student at Carnegie Mellon who 's working on a research project that 's assessing the life cycle of LEDs .
Ashe , 22 , will earn a master 's in civil and environmental engineering with a concentration in green design in May .
" I feel like I am at the cutting edge , " she says .
Indeed , she is .
A sustainability sensibility is sweeping through and transforming the curricula in America 's colleges of engineering , as more educators emphasize the importance of designs and solutions that rely on renewable resources .
Eighty percent of respondents to a recent survey of U.S. engineering schools by the Center for Sustainable Engineering said they have introduced sustainable engineering material into their classrooms .
Study coauthor David T. Allen , a chemical engineering professor at the University of Texas–Austin , says sustainable engineering is " very much in growth mode . "
Its goal is to use resources in such a way that current needs are met without robbing future generations of the same ability .
Concern over global warming and greenhouse gas emissions is a major force driving the trend .
Developing renewable energy sources that do n't damage the environment is a key task , as is finding better ways to recycle and reuse materials so that the waste streams that feed landfills become mere trickles .
The private sector may be driving interest as much as public policy is demanding it .
Many industries are looking to raise their green profiles to meet consumer demand for sustainable products as well as to meet regulatory requirements .
Nearly all car parts , for example , must now be salvageable .
Industry needs engineers who can come up with products and parts that are designed from the get - go to be easily recyclable .
A big incentive for companies is the growing pile of government money aimed at green research .
The National Science Foundation , the main federal agency funding engineering research , has over the past two years placed sustainability at the heart of its Emerging Frontiers in Research and Innovation grants , backing many renewable - energy and clean - water projects .
" Those are areas where the NSF thinks there will be growth .
It 's a clear signal , " Allen says .
As resources shift , academic researchers " will need and want more graduate students " who understand sustainability issues , adds David Munson , engineering dean at the University of Michigan .
Feel - good engineering .
Finding them wo n't be a problem because the biggest driver of all is student demand , particularly at the graduate level .
" Students have asked us to deliver more courses in this area , " says Brian Thorn , an industrial and manufacturing engineer at the Rochester Institute of Technology .
The push is coming from " students who want to engage in what I call ' engineering that you can feel good about , ' " he says .
Today 's engineering students are reacting to having grown up in environmentally " perilous times , " dominated by climate change and America 's addiction to nonrenewable fossil fuels , Munson says .
" You have to go back several generations to find a group of students this interested in doing something good for society . "
Consider Ashley DeVierno , who is working on a master 's in sustainable engineering at RIT .
Her father has a degree in marine biology , and she grew up in Florida , near the endangered Everglades swamplands .
" So , I had an interest in environmental issues early on , " says DeVierno , 24 , whose thesis will focus on eliminating waste from small consumer - electronic products , like iPods and cellphones .
On the other hand , Jeremy Guest , 27 , a civil and environmental engineering doctoral student at Michigan , did n't get bitten by the green design bug until his third year in grad school , when he took a course in sustainability .
" It opened my eyes , " he recounts .
With a fellowship from the Graham Environmental Sustainability Institute , Guest is researching how to recover potable water , nutrients , and energy from waste water .
Another indicator of the booming interest in sustainability is the growing popularity of green - oriented , technology - driven contests like solar car challenges and the Solar Decathlon and of extracurricular groups like Engineers Without Borders and Engineers for a Sustainable World , which ask students to find solutions to problems endemic in the developing world .
Interest in ESW , says Allen , " has just been exploding across the country . "
Most campus chapters have a healthy mix of graduate and undergraduate students .
" We encourage grad students to join ; we want their experience , " says Heather Bischel , a ESW national board member and a civil and environmental engineering Ph.D. student at Stanford University , where approximately half the members are grad students .
For those involved in more traditional areas of research , these extracurricular projects can help satisfy their interest in sustainability .
Current projects for the ESW chapter at Stanford include developing a solar thermal - powered refrigerator for use in rural Tanzania and designing an ecological sanitation system for rural Mexico .
All engineering disciplines , from electrical to materials to chemical , are emphasizing green design .
" Everybody 's playing , " says Steven Skerlos , an associate professor of mechanical engineering at Michigan , who helped set up a dual master 's program in sustainability that 's jointly offered by the College of Engineering and the School of Natural Resources and Environment .
Sustainability means something different in water treatment from what it means in energy or manufacturing , and each area requires a different set of skills .
But all of them also need input from natural resources and environmental experts , which is why Michigan opted for a multidisciplinary approach .
" We thought it best to embrace that , " Skerlos says .
Yale University also takes a dual - college approach with its master 's degree in sustainability .
So far , schools are tending to offer a variety of courses focused on sustainability rather than specific degree programs .
Popular courses include sustainable design , industrial ecology , and life - cycle analysis .
Another way schools are tackling green issues is to integrate them into existing courses .
At Michigan , for example , Environmental Engineering Principles morphed into Environmental and Sustainable Engineering Principles , and new topics included pollution prevention , economic decision - making , and environmental - risk assessment .
Cuba says will not be ' blackmailed ' by hunger striker
Mr Farinas says he is not seeking to overthrow the government Cuba says it will not be " blackmailed " by a dissident journalist who is on hunger strike to seek the release of ailing political prisoners .
Guillermo Farinas , 48 , began his action after Orlando Zapata Tamayo died while on hunger strike in jail .
Communist Party newspaper Granma , which reflects government policy , said it would not bow to pressure .
It said Western media were " calling attention to a prefabricated lie " by reporting his case .
" Cuba , which has demonstrated many times its respect for human life and dignity , will not accept pressure or blackmail , " the newspaper said .
' Profoundly touched '
Mr Farinas says he will continue to refuse food and water until the Cuban authorities release the country 's 26 most vulnerable and ailing political prisoners .
He has said he is not seeking the overthrow of the government or greater freedom of expression in the country .
" I say to them - either they free the 26 political prisoners who are sickest , or nothing .
I am going to stick to my position to the end , " he told AFP news agency .
Some 43 Cuban political prisoners released a statement in support of his protest , saying they were " profoundly touched " by his sacrifice , AFP said .
But Granma said Mr Farinas was " an agent in the service of the United States " , Cuba 's foe and added : " It is not medicine that must resolve a problem created with the intent to discredit our political system but the patient himself and the stateless people , foreign diplomats and the media who manipulate him " .
Mr Farinas began his strike on 24 February , a day after Zapata died following an 85 - day hunger strike to protest at prison conditions .
The case of Zapata , whom human rights campaign group Amnesty International declared a prisoner of conscience , drew widespread international condemnation and calls for the release of all Cuba 's detained political dissidents .
His death marked the first time in nearly 40 years that a Cuban activist had starved himself to death to protest against government abuses .
Cuba 's illegal but tolerated Human Rights Commission says there are about 200 political prisoners still held in Cuba , about one - third less than when Raul Castro took over as president from his brother Fidel .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
My Country Went to Iraq and All I Got Was This Global Empire
( April 22 , 2010 )
Consumer spending trumps Global Empire in the Mainstream Media , but Global Empire has consequences .
A number of readers were kind enough to send me an insightful 76 - page report , Joint Operating Environment 2010 issued by the United States Joint Forces Command , part of the overarching Pentagon goal of coordinating the efforts of all branches of the U.S. Armed Forces .
I can see the bright , earnest young officers behind this report in every page .
The standard - issue Mainstream Media perspective is that America 's " best and brightest " migrate to Wall Sreet in search of $ 10 million ( or $ 100 million ) bonuses .
As usual , the MSM is grotesquely incorrect ; it 's the moral cripples and criminals who migrate to Wall Street ; the " best and brightest " often join the U.S. Armed Forces .
After they have served the nation 's Power Elites and Empire for a length of time , those who do n't have the political skills or will to enter the senior ranks often opt out .
That is one of the sad consequences of running a Global Empire in service to the financial and State Power Elites .
If you type " Iraq " into the custom Google search in this site 's top - left sidebar , you will be served with 10 pages of results .
Yes , I care about Iraq because I care about the citizen - soldiers we civilians have sent there via our elected officials .
I also care about the U.S. Global Empire because it is vast , powerful and mostly hidden from view .
Those who reckon it a hollow machine doomed to implode do n't get it ; they have no idea what goes on behind the trickle of MSM " news " they depend on for their understanding .
Back in the early 1970s , when the veil was partly ripped from the nation 's Intelligence forces in response to over - reach and criminal violations of the intelligence forces ' charters ( COINTELPRO , etc. ) , a few crumbs escaped the layers of secrecy and fell to the ground for citizens to gape at .
One crumb I recall quite vividly is that the U.S. was routinely eavesdropping on senior Soviet phone calls .
U.S. Intelligence personnel ( undoubtedly NSA employees ) listened in while the Soviet premier tearfully bid a doomed cosmonaut good - bye .
Naturally , the Soviets buried their numerous space failures and glorified their even more numerous successes ; in this case , the cosmonaut 's capsule was crippled and could not return to Earth .
The world never heard about the failed mission or the loss of life , but U.S. Intelligence knew .
Just as you never heard about Soviet failures , you will never hear about the real U.S. successes .
I have been a student of the U.S. Empire for over 40 years .
Whatever I have learned is from unclassified sources which leak out of various cracks like environmental reports , or obscure FOIA ( Freedom of Information Act ) filings .
My stepfather was career U.S. Air Force , and he was one of the smartest people I have ever met .
He rose to a level of great responsibility , and while we never discussed classified information I learned things about the point of view and the culture of those entrusted with maintaining the Empire 's " tip of the spear . "
The ignorance of the average MSM " pundit " and citizen alike about the Empire is staggering .
The civilians running the Empire like it that way , of course , and work to keep the Empire 's operations low - key and of " no interest " to an MSM obsessed with " entertainment , " political theatre and distractions like " consumer spending . "
What do you know about tactical nuclear weapons ?
These are n't the strategic weapons covered by the START Treaty with the Russians ; tactical nukes are outside the strategic weapons limitations treaties .
If you do n't know about tactical nukes , then you should be asking yourself , what else do n't I know ?
The quick answer for all of us on the outside : a lot .
Is it mere accident that Iraq and Afghanistan have dropped almost entirely out of the " news " ?
They only make a brief appearance when a " top leader " of the Bad Guys gets liquidated , or when a suicide bomber leaves an especially gruesome aftermath .
That Iraq and Afghanistan are rarely in the " news " is understandable because war , occupation and " nation - building " are " normal " in the U.S. Empire .
We are there because we 're " taking care of business " in the sense of the " noble cause " described so aptly in the 1975 film Three Days of the Condor .
I wrote about this back in 2005 : " This whole damn thing is about oil , is n't it ? " ( November 11 , 2005 ) .
Here is the key passage from the film 's Dialogue Transcript ( Three Days Of The Condor ) .
TURNER ( REDFORD ) : Boy , what is it with you people ?
You think not getting caught in a lie is the same thing as telling the truth ?
HIGGINS ( ROBERTSON ) : No .
It 's simple economics .
Today it 's oil , right ?
In 10 or 15 years , food , or plutonium -- and maybe even sooner .
What do you think the people are going to want us to do then ?
Ask them .
Not now .
Then .
Ask them when they 're running out .
Ask them when there 's no heat and they 're cold .
Ask them when their engines stop .
Ask them when people who have never known hunger start going hungry .
Want to know something ?
They wo n't want us to ask them .
They 'll want us to get it for them .
So we went out and got it .
As I described in The Fulcrum of the Mideast ? ( May 19 , 2008 ) , the U.S. has neatly carved out a sphere of influence in the fulcrum of the mideast .
Geography , demographics and energy will always dominate ; please consider this map for clarification .
The U.S. Military is now another " tribe " in Iraq .
It is a hyper - violent , resourceful tribe which made a number of beginner 's mistakes which have now been largely corrected , usually at the rank of Army or Marine captain -- those officers on the ground who interact with other tribal leaders .
The entire world is of " material interest " to the U.S. Empire and thus the U.S. Armed Forces , and the globe is divided into seven theatres for command purposes ( there were only six , but Africa has been added as a seventh ) .
The U.S. owns around 737 bases overseas in 63 countries , and has personnel stationed in 150 nations .
Those areas without exploitable resources and functioning states will be left to wither or plumb the depths of chaos ; there are limits on the Empire 's resources and those tasked with running the Empire are acutely aware of those limitations .
( It 's the ignorant who overestimate or underestimate the Empire 's power . )
So the U.S. prefers to maintain an " over the horizon " presence which can be brought to bear as needed .
Thus the permanent bases in Iraq are mostly located in the desert , well beyond urban zones .
That 's why the nation maintains 11 carrier groups ; the carrier groups are over the horizon , invisible except when needed .
Discreet may not be the right word , but it is suggestive .
Sometimes " winning " is n't the goal ; keeping one 's enemies off - center is the goal .
Note how the Iraq - Afghan nexus surrounds Iran and offers access to not just the mideast but China , Pakistan , central Asia and Turkey .
It is a strategic power play of breathtaking consequence .
Ultimately , the U.S. does n't have to " win " or even control territory ; it simply has to deny control to others , introduce a permanent uncertainty and unease in their plans , and establish forward bases for power projection .
Much has been made of " civilian " Chinese guarding oil facilities in Sudan .
China ( and every other " great power " ) has its own " noble cause " of wrapping up resources .
But the Chinese lack the ability to project power ; they have no airlift capacity , no aircraft carriers , and no global network of bases .
While the U.S. effectively controls or influences most of the globe 's remaining fossil fuels , China has to make do with a deeply unstable Africa , where the winds of revolution might sweep the party you did business with from power .
That can happen anywhere , of course , but Africa is a special case of instability and fluidity .
If you think the U.S. does n't have " missions " and bases there , you are wrong .
Many are humanitarian ; that 's also " soft power " projection .
The U.S. is keenly interested in Africa ; you just are n't aware of it unless you 're in the machine or especially observant .
In a way most of us mere citizens cannot really grasp , the civilians and officer corps in charge of operating the Empire accept that a few thousand KIAs ( killed in action ) or gravely wounded servicemembers a year is one " cost of doing business . "
The payoff is not just Empire but " on the job training . "
Which military force do you want when the chips are down ?
One which has n't seen combat in decades , whose only experience is in a classroom or exercises , or one which has been at constant war for years ?
The latter , of course ; the learning curve in war , as we have learnt to our sorrow , is very steep .
Most of the time you do n't get a second chance .
We mere citizens have a hard time understanding the self - perpetuating nature of the Empire - - not just the " hard power " of the Pentagon 's global reach but the " soft power " of embassies , Intelligence agencies , public relations , university student exchanges , and global " entertainment . "
Those tasked with keeping the Empire running are delighted to be underestimated ; they know the limitations and the advantages of asymmetry enjoyed by guerrillas , criminal networks and those hybrid groups which combine the " best " of both .
If you read the full 76 - page report linked above , you can sense this acute awareness of limits .
The enemies grow stronger and more capable even as the homeland ( U.S. ) is weakened by financial chicanery and rising debt .
The report made quite a splash by noting that the supply of oil could slip below demand as early as 2015 - - in essence , accepting the Peak Oil scenario and understanding .
All the more reason for us to understand why a U.S. presence in Iraq and Afghanistan is necessarily permanent .
It need not be a large presence in terms of visibility ; the lower - profile , the better .
The U.S. " tribe " does n't need to run everything , it simply needs to be at the table when the Powers That Be gather to carve things up .
It just has to be a " tribe " that you do n't want to piss off , and a " tribe " that you can never quite be sure about .
Recall that keeping everyone off - balance is " winning " in a way that only those playing the Big Board Game fully grasp .
The " noble cause " is trotted out for PR purposes , but the truth is the Empire is self - sustaining ; its continuity is its own justification and raison d'etre .
Here is the key passage in the report to my mind :
The ability to innovate in peacetime and adapt during wars requires institutional and individual agility .
But above all , innovation and adaptation require imagination and the ability to ask the right questions and represent two of the most important aspects of military effectiveness .
The former occurs during peace , when there is time available to think through critical issues .
However , in peacetime , military organizations cannot replicate the actual conditions of combat , when a human opponent is trying his best to destroy U.S. forces .
There is an implicit understanding here that 1 ) we have over - reached ; 2 ) unfavorable homeland financial and demographic trends mean declining military budgets ; 3 ) the world is becoming an increasingly dangerous , chaotic place in which to operate , and 4 ) we must pick our fights much more carefully in the future , and become more agile , flexible , adaptable and imaginative .
The report understandably leaves out this obvious conclusion :
The leadership of the Empire , from our elected officials on down , has failed in the sense that their imagination has failed .
The idea that the nation would have been better served by spending $ 1 trillion on a vast solar electrical generation plant on Federal land in Nevada ( and the power grid to distribute that new power ) rather than squander trillions and thousands of lives on expanding the Empire into Iraq and Afghanistan never occurred to our leadership .
In the words of one of my favorite bloggers , Tommy of Freedom Guerrilla ( former Armed Forces officer , not coincidentally ) , America has become comfortable , institutionalized and dependent -- and thus comfortably numb .
Among all the tragedies piled up by Empire , one rarely mentioned is the waste of so many earnest , smart young people 's energy and commitment to what is presented as a " higher noble cause . "
We could do so much better if our imagination was n't hobbled by Empire .
If you have n't visited the forum , here 's a place to start .
Click on the link below and then select " new posts . "
You 'll get to see what other oftwominds.com readers and contributors are discussing / sharing .
DailyJava.net is now open for aggregating our collective intelligence .
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation and / or Survival +
The Primer from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
" This guy is THE leading visionary on reality .
He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about , yet , turn out to be quite relevant months later . "
-- Walt Howard , commenting about CHS on another blog .
NOTE : contributions are acknowledged in the order received .
Your name and email remain confidential and will not be given to any other individual , company or agency .
Thank you , Ken R. ( $ 20 ) , for your amazing , enduring generosity to the site ( and the book you sent ) .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Thank you , Douglas C. ( $ 20 ) , for your much - appreciated generous donation to the site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Or send him coins , stamps or quatloos via mail -- please request P.O. Box address .
Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
All content , HTML coding , format design , design elements and images copyright © 2010 Charles Hugh Smith , All rights reserved in all media , unless otherwise credited or noted .
I would be honored if you linked this wEssay to your site , or printed a copy for your own use .
While writing Leviathan , I did a fair amount of research on women who passed as men to serve in the armed forces .
I also checked out the laws about women wearing men ’s clothing , to find out what would happen if Deryn were ever caught in her deception .
Armed with this knowledge , I can inform you that this is a very important day . . .
It ’s the hundredth anniversary of the Explicit Legalization of Pants in Kansas !
( Otherwise known as ELPK Day . )
As you can see , the word “ Explicit ” is very important in Explicit Legalization of Pants in Kansas Day .
Pants were already legal for women to wear , after all .
But note that last clause : “ there was no law prohibiting a woman from wearing men ’s trousers , especially if she were the head of the house . ”
In other words , it ’s legal to dress like a man , but really only acceptable if you ’re already an honorary man — i.e. , a widow and a breadwinner .
( Seriously , since when is something especially legal ?
Either it ’s legal or it ’s not , dude . )
ELPK
Day comes with certain restrictions , it seems .
Research gems like this one are what makes writing historicals so strange and wonderful .
Every detail of this article reveals a bit more about the tenor of the times , and about how actions may be strictly legal , and yet still cause a stir .
I mean , clearly this woman was n’t writing the governor of her state for fun , or for fashion advice .
Was she getting hassled by her neighbors , or even the local cops , for wearing pants ?
And note that she was n’t wearing pants for jury duty , say , but to work in her own damn garden .
Even more intriguing , this little story from Kansas gets a mention in the New York Times .
So these sorts of conversations about the proper role and place of women must have been happening everywhere .
So ELPK
Day is n’t just in Kansas anymore , it ’s going national !
Of course , it ’s easy to laugh at this , and reassuring to think that we no longer live in a world where women have to get legal advice for something so simple as wearing men ’s clothes , right ?
Well , um , wrong .
Because just a few days ago , on almost exactly the 100th anniversary of ELPK Day , a student named Ceara Sturgis has found herself erased from her school yearbook .
Why ?
For wearing a tuxedo in her senior photograph .
And when I say erased , it ’s not just that the school administration would n’t print the photograph .
No , they actually deleted every mentioned of Ceara from the yearbook , even though she ’s an honor student , the goalie of the soccer team , and plays trumpet in the band .
( See update below . )
By the way , she ’s also a lesbian .
So wearing this tuxedo was n’t about flouting some imaginary dress code , but about who she is .
That ’s what clothing means in all these conflicts .
After all , it ’s the trousers that our unnamed widow wore while gardening that said , “ Hey , I ’m the head of this family .
My labor is what keeps us fed .
Deal with it . ”
And the uniform that Deryn wears that says , “ I ’m as good an airman as any boy , so you can all get stuffed . ”
And it ’s the tuxedo you wear in your yearbook photo that says , “ I am who I am , and twelve years in your school has n’t changed me .
So I win . ”
So , yes , these Explicitly Legal Pants are very important .
Because even now , a hundred years after ELPK Day , we still have small - minded people around to tell us what we have to wear , and trying to tell us who we can and cannot be .
I hope she sues the pants off them .
Update :
In the day since I posted this , the Jackson Free Press article linked to above has been updated .
It seems that Ceara was included in some sections of the yearbook , including a page she paid for , but not the senior pages .
Less Orwellian , to be sure , but still despicable .
And a note on dress codes :
This is n’t really a dress code issue .
As Fox News explains :
“ [ Ceara ’s mother ] said she met with assistant Superintendent Ronald Holloway who told her he did n’t see regulations about the issue in the student handbook . ”
This was an ad hoc decision made after Ceara turned in her photo .
It ’s not about school administrators blindly following silly regulations , it ’s about them making up silly regulations after the fact .
In other words , it ’s about a sustained and personal attack on one particular student in their care .
These people should get different jobs .
Sexist , un -Islamic and costly have been some of the criticisms
Senegal has inaugurated a massive $ 27 m ( £ 18 m ) monument - higher than the Statue of Liberty - that has drawn huge criticism over its cost and symbolism .
The 49 m ( 160 ft ) Monument of African Renaissance has been unveiled in Dakar as the highlight of the nation 's 50th anniversary of independence .
Some scholars have labelled its scantily clad figures un -Islamic , while others said it was a waste of money .
Supporters say it represents Africa 's rise from " intolerance and racism " .
In the hours leading up to the inauguration , thousands of protesters took to the streets of Dakar to voice their opposition .
The Soviet - style bronze statue , built by North Korean workers , is the idea of President Abdoulaye Wade .
It depicts three figures - a man holding a woman behind him and a child aloft , pointing out to sea .
' Monument of shame '
Mr Wade also attracted fierce criticism for saying he should take 35 % of the revenue generated by the monument because it was his idea .
Protesters carried a mock statue through the streets of Dakar Riot police patrolled the streets during the protest rally , which the authorities initially banned , before relenting .
The demonstration was called to protest against " all the failures of Wade 's regime , the least of which is this horrible statue " .
Deputy opposition leader Ndeye Fatou
Toure said the statue was an " economic monster and a financial scandal in the context of the current [ economic ] crisis , " AFP news agency reported .
The inauguration ceremony was attended by 19 African heads of state , North Korean officials , and a delegation of 100 African - Americans including the Rev Jesse Jackson .
Guests were given a tour of the monument ahead of the ceremony .
The vast staircase leading up to it was lined with hundreds of people wearing yellow and blue , the colours of the ruling Senegalese Democratic Party .
" Africa has seized this monument , " presidential spokesman Mamadou Bamba Ndiaye told AFP .
" It is rare to have one country hosting more than a dozen heads of state for this kind of event .
That testifies to their support . "
The statue has divided opinion in a country where half the population lives below the poverty line .
Every architectural work sparks controversies - look at the Eiffel Tower in Paris
Senator Ahmed Bachir Kounta Some Muslim scholars have called the monument idolatrous .
On the eve of the celebrations , the Reuters news agency quoted a leading imam , Massamba Diop , as telling worshippers at a mosque in the capital : " We have issued a fatwa urging Senegal 's imams this Friday to read the holy Koran in the mosques simply to ask Allah to preserve us from the punishment this monument of shame risks bringing on Senegal . "
The statue has been mired in controversy from the outset .
President Wade - who at 83 has announced he will seek re-election in 2012 - had to apologise to Senegal 's Christian minority after comparing the monument to Jesus Christ .
Its architect also said he had received complaints about the woman 's naked legs .
However , its supporters stood by the project .
Senator Ahmed Bachir Kounta told Reuters : " Every architectural work sparks controversies - look at the Eiffel Tower in Paris . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I am rerunning some ” best of ” posts through the holiday season .
See you next year !
After a week of blogging about massacres and finding non-mutant replacement gamers , I thought some humor appropriate .
There are moments in a life that can not be forgotten .
Weddings , deaths , births and other life - changing moments loom in our memories like unchanging mountains .
They shall never pass from our minds and even recalling them brings the same joy or pain as the original event .
For me , Jacques is such a moment .
Never before or since has a gamer left such a powerful impression .
I told my game group so many times that even they now laugh at the story of Jacques .
Let me set the scene .
It was a “ Living Arcanis ” game , so I have the exact date : July 26th , 2003 at a local convention called “ Gilacon . ”
We mustered a table of six for the module “ Assault on the Gate of Tears . ”
This particular module had major plot implications , so we were anxious to run through it .
Other than my comrade Werlen , the other players were strangers .
The other players were the usual assortment , but “ Jack ” stood out from the rest .
Black t- shirt , scuzzy jeans and an aversion to personal hygiene marked him as a “ mutant ” gamer .
I started breathing through my mouth and sat on the other side of the table .
Such is convention gaming .
In the first encounter we battled a powerful construct .
It was here I saw Jack ’s reason for living : dealing massive damage .
His barbarian had every broken , cheese - monkey item and feat to do nuclear damage each round .
For non-Living Arcanis players , the early years of the campaign were notable for some incredibly broken items / feats / class abilities that created unbalanced characters .
These are now fixed , but it was an issue five years ago .
The battle completed , we received the full glory of Jack ’s personality .
Arrogant , confident and very pleased with his deadly barbarian build .
I loathed Jack .
It was a difficult module and I valued my PCs life , so I kept silent .
Advancing into the fortress , we came to an intersection of three tunnels .
Lacking any particular destination , we chose the center tunnel .
A kilometer or two up the tunnel , we entered a massive cavern .
There was only one exit on the opposite side .
Between us and the exit flowed a powerful , raging river 20 meters wide .
We were too low - level to fly or teleport , so we started to consider our options .
About 30 seconds into the plotting , Jack jumped in with , “ I have a plan . ” A statement delivered with the certainty of success .
Without hesitation , Jack ties a rope about his waist , hands the loose end to the nearby cleric and jumps into the river .
At this point , Werlen and I looked at each other , expecting a feat of magic .
Water walking , an amazing jump check or even some dimension door action .
Something other than what actually happened .
The next line is as close to verbatim as my memory can provide .
“ I have an 18 constitution , so I can hold my breath for 18 rounds .
I will sink to the bottom of the river and walk across to the other side .
Once I am over , you can use the rope to climb across . ”
Silence .
More silence .
We failed our will save vs epic stupidity .
It took a moment to overcome the stunning effect .
The DM recovered first and spoke .
“ Make a swim check or be swept away . ”
A slight glimmer of intelligence beamed from behind Jack ’s surprised eyes .
Apparently the rudimentary physics of thousands of tons of water at 30 kilometers per hour against his 100 kilos finally bubbled up to Jack ’s frontal lobe .
A d20 clattered across the table .
The check would fail on anything other than a 20 .
Not 20 .
The grovelling begins .
“ But , but , I gave the cleric the rope .
He can pull me in . ”
Well done Jack , you gave the cleric with the 12 strength a rope with 100 kilos of dead weight at the end .
Dead weight propelled by several thousand metric tons of water .
Good plan .
The rest of party is not even in “ grab the rope ” distance .
We had nothing that could help .
The DM , being a kind soul , gave the cleric a strength check to hang on , DC 20 .
It was a gift , given the circumstances .
The feeble cleric needed a 19 - 20 to succeed .
A yellow die flies across the table .
Not 19 - 20 .
Jack dies .
Mighty Jack , now a grovelling for a “ do over ” debases himself before the DM .
I will never forget the plea .
“ I would not have dived in unless the rope was tied off ! ”
I helpfully chimed in that Jack clearly stated he “ handed the rope to the cleric and dove in the river . ”
I always try to aid my DMs .
Would not want any detail of this brilliant plan to be overlooked .
It was so well thought out .
Jack glared at me , then went back to grovelling to the DM .
Jack is now desperate and reaches to the bottom of the plea barrel .
“ Do n’t I at least get a swim check to try to get out . ”
DM turns a page and shows Jack the river description in the module .
I will paraphrase .
“ Any PC that goes in gets one chance to swim , if they fail the river takes them underground for 10 kilometers , beating the victim to death against the rocks .
This assumes they do not drown in the two hours before you see daylight again .
Your body is not recoverable .
They cannot have ‘ raise dead ’ cast without a body . ”
At this point , Jack starts pleading to nearby DMs for another ruling .
All for naught .
Our DM gets fed up and just ejects him from the table .
He left the convention in a huff , never to be seen again .
Seeing the river is impassible , we backtracked to the intersection , took the right - hand tunnel and crossed the river , on a bridge .
I wonder still if anyone every told Jack he died for wont of a 15 minute detour .
So , whenever we come to a river , Werlen and I look at each other and smile at the memory of Jack , excuse me “ Jacques Cousteau . ”
The greatest underwater adventurer we had ever seen .
Rest in Peace , Jacques
Trask , The Last Tyromancer
Export / Download Printable Text ( .txt ) CSV Multiverse id ( .txt ) Markdown / Reddit MTGO ( .dek ) MTG Salvation
MTG Arena
Copy to clipboard
4 Brimstone Volley ( 2XM ) 120 4 Burn the Impure ( MBS ) 4 Galvanic Blast ( 2XM ) 125 4 Incinerate ( CTD ) 51 8 Island ( ZNR ) 269 4 Mana Leak ( IMA ) 50 8 Mountain ( ZNR ) 275 4 Ponder ( C18 ) 96 4 Reverberate ( M13 ) 20 4 Shock ( M21 ) 159 4 Sulfur Falls ( DAR ) 247 4 Think Twice ( C19 ) 99 4 Vapor Snag ( MM2 )
Copied to clipboard .
You can now import it in the MTG Arena client .
In TappedOut 's comments / forums
In TappedOut 's comments / forums with pie-chart
On your blog
This will require TappedOut.js included in your blog .
According to Public Policy Polling , only 58 % of Republican primary voters in South Carolina support the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
In case you were wondering how Neanderthals like Rand Paul continue to get elected .
UPDATE at 5/25/10 11:20:40 am :
Meanwhile , according to a poll at the bottom of this page , Fox News viewers are even more open about their contempt for the Civil Rights Act .
While discussing our natural tendency to spend too much time and effort refactoring code , Jul ( aka - jul - ) raised an interesting point :
This is why I think TDD is good .
According to the rules , you should not write a single line of code before having a failing test , but you should not write more than one failing test .
Then write some code which makes the test pass , but then , start over ( eg. do n’t write code ) .
If you follow this cycle , you wo n’t code l’art pour l’art .
Haha .
Odds are you ’ll end up writing tests l’art pour l’art .
— Jul , commenting on 7 Reasons To Hate Your Code
Note for those coming from digg : “ l ’art pour l’art ” can be translated as “ just for the sake of it ” .
Much love , my friends .
When I discovered TDD back in 2003 it came like a breath of fresh mountain air sweeping through the midst of my abstraction - freak analysis paralysis .
At last I could code relaxed again , without trying to over - engineer every single feature .
It set me free .
Years later I could n’t help noticing I was writing more test code than program code and that I ’d stopped working on side projects , because every time I started I thought :
Ok , I ’ll hack out a prototype for this cool little game in no time .
So , well , I guess I ’d best start by writing a few tests for the core mechanics .
Right , time to get my framework out .
And … uh … ugh , maybe I ’ll go watch some Buffy instead .
Writing tests turned me off the whole enterprise so much that eventually I decided I ’d just write without them .
And nothing awful happened !
In fact , it was as much a breath of fresh air as I ’d first felt when I started .
What gives ?
It was n’t until reading Jul ’s comment yesterday that I realized why this was : I had n’t stopped doing TDD , I ’d just stopped doing the T part .
Essentially , the core of many test - driven development processes looks something like this :
Make a list of features and prioritize them Pick the most important or fundamental feature Write test cases for it and implement just enough code to make them pass Repeat form step 2 until you ’ve got something useful
I had n’t stopped doing this , I ’d just skipped the “ write test cases ” part .
Writing just enough code to implement the tests you would have written turns out to work just as well !
Let me be clear – I both like and appreciate unit tests .
There are many places in which I still use and rely on them .
You ’d be crazy to skip the unit tests when you ’re writing a complicated translation function , or implementing a novel data - analysis algorithm .
However , it was still an eye - opener for me to realize that there are places in which they ’re a waste of time .
Shock !
Call Kent Beck !
No , it ’s true .
Albert Einstein backs me up :
Make things as simple as possible , but not simpler
— Albert Einstein ( somewhat paraphrased )
Thanks ,
Al .
In this case , testing your accessors and adding half a dozen interface patterns just to support a burgeoning test suite is n’t as simple as possible .
Writing no tests at all for your parsing code is too simple .
Finding the perfect level of minimalism between code , tests and bugs is difficult , but liberating .
The truth is , doing TDD for all those years changed my programming style , moulded it into a new , more efficient form that stays efficient even when I stop writing tests for everything .
I guess this is common ; maybe you should try abandoning your test - first framework for your next side - project and see how it works out for you .
TDD without the T : you may find it surprisingly refreshing .
Note : Yield Thought has moved to http://yieldthought.com – check there for the latest posts !
Voices Open Carry at Starbucks Wild , Wild Montecito
Over the years I ’ve visited practically all of Santa Barbara ’s coffee shops , but since I ’ve lived closer to various Starbucks , these are the ones I now know best .
Mesa Starbucks is quick and friendly :
The baristas learn your first name right off , and it boasts its own “ old guys ” club staring at the walls between 5:30 and 7:00 a.m .
Also , occasionally you can spot the former Mayor Marty Blum or Santa Barbara City Police Chief Cam Sanchez imbibing strong drafts of caffeine here .
The State Street Starbucks where I most often quaff hot caffeine , next to Center Point Pilates , always feels full and flashing with vigor : busy Santa Barbarans animatedly chatting or oddly intent upon their electronic media devices .
The Montecito Starbucks , on Coast Village Road , while busy , is slower and much more laid back than the others , and service feels lethargic albeit good - natured .
One cool moist morning at Montecito Starbucks , about a year ago , I ’d ordered my usual “ grande ” - size coffee of the day ( “ in a venti cup , please ” ) and , turning with my cup to get milk , I suddenly noticed three fit - looking youngish men in neat clothes , each displaying a conspicuously large handgun on his right hip .
They seemed like police or FBI or military , but their dark blue / black apparel had no insignias of any sort that I could detect , and I looked hard at these guys .
I asked to see the manager — whose name I never learned just as I do n’t recall the exact date when this happened last year — and she was incredulous at my complaints .
“ These are government guys who train near here , you should be glad they ’re here , ” she said ( or words to that effect ) .
“ We ’ve had robberies lately in this shopping center .
You ’re kidding , right ? ”
“ No , ” I said ( as nearly as I can recall at this point in time ) .
“ I live in a civilian society , and having these fellows — likely good guys , so what ?
— practicing ‘ open carry ’ of their guns in Santa Barbara County is wrong .
Ask them to leave , or to go lock up their weapons in their car .
Are these weapons loaded ?
Do you really know who they are ? ”
Irate now , this manager said , “ Hey — you know what ?
You go ask them to get out ! ” and turned back to her work .
Our country needs more gun control enforced by the government .
My minor incident at Montecito Starbucks last year connects to a national gun rights debate which has recently popped up at various Starbucks around the country .
While almost all local and state governments have strict “ concealed weapons ” laws , a surprising number of states never bothered to legislate against the right to carry an unconcealed firearm openly .
In California , open carry of unloaded guns is generally allowed , and state law lets private businesses make their own decision on openly carried ( unloaded ) weapons in their establishments .
The open - carry gun nuts in San Francisco tested these rules at local Peet ’s and California Pizza Kitchens .
Both companies promptly and properly banned “ open carry ” in their stores in California .
I guess Montecito Starbucks thinks open carry is fine and dandy in their store , but they need to determine if these lethal firearms are loaded !
Fortunately , a spokesman for the Santa Barbara Police ( as the Montecito Starbucks on Coast Village Road is with Santa Barbara City limits ) says the officers stand ready to answer customer calls , and will come to check whether the openly carried weapons are loaded .
The Second Amendment to our great United States Constitution , in order to ensure “ the security of a free State , ” guarantees citizens the right “ to keep and bear Arms . ”
This seminal document from 1791 does not go on to define “ Arms , ” but most Americans are pretty sure the founding Fathers did n’t mean automatic weapons or Glocks with their incredible stopping power .
And these were n’t little .22 caliber pistols sported by the out - of - uniform Montecito Starbucks warriors , but much larger and more menacing handguns in the Glock or Sig Sauer range – they appeared huge and menacing on the hip .
The founding Fathers were basically thinking of long weapons – rifles and shotguns , with which a citizen militia could prevent overthrow of the Constitution .
The Montecito manager also told me the armed men could help if there was any violence in her store , like a robbery .
I took this to mean she would n’t mind an open gun battle right in her store with about 35 customers nearby .
I agree with the online petition of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence : “ Tell Starbucks : Keep Guns Out . ”
The only way to completely prevent the open carrying of handguns in our state is to support California Assemblymember Lori Saldana ’s ( she ’s a Democrat from San Diego ) pending bill to outlaw openly carried weapons , loaded or unloaded .
And readers should find out where their favorite coffee houses stand on openly carried weapons .
Otherwise , we risk returning to the Wild West with each man armed for himself , a libertarian ’s heaven but a civilized citizen ’s anarchy .
Add to Favorites
What can you do if your daughter refuses to marry her rapist ??
- 10-16-2008 , 08:04 PM
10-16-2008 , 08:04 PM
I recently received a letter from a concerned parent .
In the letter she told me that her daughter had been raped , but was refusing to marry her rapist as per
Not only that , but that she also plans to kill the poor unborn baby her rapist had given her !
Sickening !
Have young people today got NO morals ?
Any and all advice on what I can say to convince this girl to do the right thing would be great .
Should I start with the basics ?
" Whore , you 'll burn in Hell for all eternity - unless you marry your rapist " ??
Or should I go for a more subtle approach ??
Scripture :
Deuteronomy 22:28 -29 ( King James Version )
If a man find a damsel that is a virgin , which is not betrothed , and lay hold on her , and lie with her , and they be found ;
Then the man that lay with her shall give unto the damsel 's father fifty shekels of silver , and she shall be his wife ; because he hath humbled her , he may not put her away all his days .
Friends , I recently received a letter from a concerned parent .
In the letter she told me that her daughter had been raped , but was refusing to marry her rapist as per Deuteronomy 22:28 - 29 .
The stupid girl actually wants to press charges on the man !
Not only that , but that she also plans to kill the poor unborn baby her rapist had given her !
Sickening !
Have young people today got NO morals ?
Any and all advice on what I can say to convince this girl to do the right thing would be great .
Should I start with the basics ?
" Whore , you 'll burn in Hell for all eternity - unless you marry your rapist " ??
Or should I go for a more subtle approach ??
Last edited by Jeb Stuart Thurmond ; 12-12-2009 at 01:02 PM
. Reason : linked to Biblegateway Last edited by Jeb Stuart Thurmond ; 12-12-2009 at. Reason : linked to Biblegateway
The camera focuses on an official of the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) , California ’s largest public - employee union , sitting in a legislative chamber and speaking into a microphone .
“ We helped to get you into office , and we got a good memory , ” she says matter - of - factly to the elected officials outside the shot .
“ Come November , if you do n’t back our program , we ’ll get you out of office . ’
The video has become a sensation among California taxpayer groups for its vivid depiction of the audacious power that public - sector unions wield in their state .
The unions ’ political triumphs have molded a California in which government workers thrive at the expense of a struggling private sector .
The state ’s public school teachers are the highest - paid in the nation .
Its prison guards can easily earn six - figure salaries .
State workers routinely retire at 55 with pensions higher than their base pay for most of their working life .
Meanwhile , what was once the most prosperous state now suffers from an unemployment rate far steeper than the nation ’s and a flood of firms and jobs escaping high taxes and stifling regulations .
This toxic combination — high public - sector employee costs and sagging economic fortunes — has produced recurring budget crises in Sacramento and in virtually every municipality in the state .
How public employees became members of the elite class in a declining California offers a cautionary tale to the rest of the country , where the same process is happening in slower motion .
The story starts half a century ago , when California public workers won bargaining rights and quickly learned how to elect their own bosses — that is , sympathetic politicians who would grant them outsize pay and benefits in exchange for their support .
Over time , the unions have turned the state ’s politics completely in their favor .
The result : unaffordable benefits for civil servants ; fiscal chaos in Sacramento and in cities and towns across the state ; and angry taxpayers finally confronting the unionized masters of California ’s unsustainable government .
California ’s government workers took longer than many of their counterparts to win the right to bargain collectively .
New York City mayor Robert Wagner started a national movement back in the late 1950s when he granted negotiating rights to government unions , hoping to enlist them as allies against the city ’s Tammany Hall machine .
The movement intensified in the early sixties , after President John F. Kennedy conferred the right to bargain on federal workers .
In California , a more politically conservative environment at the time , public employees remained without negotiating power through most of the sixties , though they could join labor associations .
In 1968 , however , the state legislature passed the Meyers - Milias - Brown Act , extending bargaining rights to local government workers .
Teachers and other state employees won the same rights in the seventies .
These legislative victories happened at a time of surging prosperity .
California ’s aerospace industry , fueled by the Cold War , was booming ; investments in water supply and infrastructure nourished the state ’s agribusiness ; cheaper air travel and a famously temperate climate burnished tourism .
The twin lures of an expanding job market and rising incomes pushed the state ’s population higher , from about 16 million in 1960 to 23 million in 1980 and nearly 30 million by 1990 .
This expanding population in turn led to rapid growth in government jobs — from a mere 874,000 in 1960 to 1.76 million by 1980 and nearly 2.1 million in 1990 — and to exploding public - union membership .
In the late 1970s , the California teachers ’ union boasted about 170,000 members ; that number jumped to about 225,000 in the early 1990s and stands at 340,000 today .
The swelling government payroll made many California taxpayers uneasy , eventually encouraging the 1978 passage of Proposition 13 ( see page 30 ) , the famous initiative that capped property - tax hikes and sought to slow the growth of local governments , which feed on property taxes .
Government workers rightly saw Prop. 13 as a threat .
“ We ’re not going to just lie back and take it , ” a California labor leader told the Washington Post after the vote , adding that Prop. 13 had made the union “ more militant . ”
The next several years proved him right .
In 1980 alone , unionized employees of California local governments went on strike 40 times , even though doing so was illegal .
And once the Supreme Court of California sanctioned state and local workers ’ right to strike in 1985 — something that their counterparts in most other states still lack — the unions quickly mastered confrontational techniques like the “ rolling strike , ” in which groups of workers walk off jobs at unannounced times , and the “ blue flu , ” in which public - safety workers call in sick en masse .
But in post–Proposition 13 California , strikes were far from the unions ’ most fearsome weapons .
Aware that Proposition 13 had shifted political action to the state capital , three major blocs — teachers ’ unions , public - safety unions , and the Service Employees International Union , which now represents 350,000 assorted government workers — began amassing colossal power in Sacramento .
Over the last 30 years , they have become elite political givers and the state ’s most powerful lobbying factions , replacing traditional interest groups and changing the balance of power .
Today , they vie for the title of mightiest political force in California .
Consider the California Teachers Association .
Much of the CTA ’s clout derives from the fact that , like all government unions , it can help elect the very politicians who negotiate and approve its members ’ salaries and benefits .
Soon after Proposition 13 became law , the union launched a coordinated statewide effort to support friendly candidates in school - board races , in which turnout is frequently low and special interests can have a disproportionate influence .
In often bitter campaigns , union - backed candidates began sweeping out independent board members .
By 1987 , even conservative - leaning Orange County saw 83 percent of board seats up for grabs going to union - backed candidates .
The resulting change in school - board composition made the boards close allies of the CTA .
But with union dues somewhere north of $ 1,000 per member and 340,000 members , the CTA can afford to be a player not just in local elections but in Sacramento , too ( and in Washington , for that matter , where it ’s the National Education Association ’s most powerful affiliate ) .
The CTA entered the big time in 1988 , when it almost single - handedly led a statewide push to pass Proposition 98 , an initiative — opposed by taxpayer groups and Governor George Deukmejian — that required 40 percent of the state ’s budget to fund local education .
To drum up sympathy , the CTA ran controversial ads featuring students ; in one , a first - grader stares somberly into the camera and says , “ Pay attention — today ’s lesson is about the school funding initiative . ”
Victory brought local schools some $ 450 million a year in new funding , much of it discretionary .
Unsurprisingly , the union - backed school boards often used the extra cash to fatten teachers ’ salaries — one reason that California ’s teachers are the country ’s highest - paid , even though the state ’s total spending per student is only slightly higher than the national average .
“ The problem is that there is no organized constituency for parents and students in California , ” says Lanny Ebenstein , a former member of the Santa Barbara Board of Education and an economics professor at the University of California at Santa Barbara .
“ No one says to a board of education , ‘ We want more of that money to go for classrooms , for equipment . ’ ”
With its growing financial strength , the CTA gained the ability to shape public opinion .
In 1996 , for instance , the union — casting covetous eyes on surplus tax revenues from the state ’s economic boom — spent $ 1 million on an ad campaign advocating smaller classes .
Californians began seeing the state ’s classrooms as overcrowded , according to polls .
So Governor Pete Wilson earmarked some three - quarters of a billion dollars annually to cut class sizes in kindergarten through third grade .
The move produced no discernible improvements in student performance , but it did require a hiring spree that inflated CTA rolls and produced a teacher shortage .
( The union drew the line , however , when it faced the threat of increased accountability .
Two years later , when Wilson offered funds to reduce class sizes even more but attached the money to new oversight mechanisms , the CTA spent $ 6 million to defeat the measure , living up to Wilson ’s assessment of it as a “ relentless political machine . ” )
During this contentious period , the CTA and its local affiliates learned to play hardball , frequently shutting down classes with strikes .
The state estimated that in 1989 alone , these strikes cost California students collectively some 7.2 million classroom days .
Los Angeles teachers provoked outrage that year by reportedly urging their students to support them by skipping school .
After journalist Debra Saunders noted in LA ’s Daily News that the striking teachers were already well paid , the union published her home phone number in its newsletter and urged members to call her .
Four years later , the CTA reached new heights of thuggishness after a business - backed group began a petition to place a school - choice initiative on the state ballot .
In a union - backed effort , teachers shadowed signature gatherers in shopping malls and aggressively dissuaded people from signing up .
The tactic led to more than 40 confrontations and protests of harassment by signature gatherers .
“ They get in between the signer and the petition , ” the head of the initiative said .
“ They scream at people .
They threaten people . ”
CTA ’s top official later justified the bullying : some ideas “ are so evil that they should never even be presented to the voters , ” he said .
The rise of the white - collar CTA provides a good example of a fundamental political shift that took place everywhere in the labor movement .
In the aftermath of World War II , at the height of its influence , organized labor was dominated by private workers ; as a result , union members were often culturally conservative and economically pro-growth .
But as government workers have come to dominate the movement , it has moved left .
By the mid-nineties , the CTA was supporting causes well beyond its purview as a collective bargaining agent for teachers .
In 1994 , for instance , it opposed an initiative that prohibited illegal immigrants from using state government programs and another that banned the state from recognizing gay marriages performed elsewhere .
Some union members began to complain that their dues were helping to advance a political agenda that they disagreed with .
“ They take our money and spend it as they see fit , ” says Larry Sand , founder of the California Teachers Empowerment Network , an organization of teachers and former teachers opposed to the CTA ’s noneducational politicking .
Public - safety workers — from cops and sheriffs to prison guards and highway - patrol officers — are the second part of the public - union triumvirate ruling California .
In a state that has embraced some of the toughest criminal laws in the country , police and prison guards ’ unions own a precious currency : their political endorsements , which are highly sought after by candidates wanting to look tough on crime .
But the qualification that the unions usually seek in candidates is n’t , in fact , toughness on crime ; it ’s willingness to back better pay and benefits for public - safety workers .
The pattern was set in 1972 , when State Assemblyman E. Richard Barnes — an archconservative former Navy chaplain who had fought pension and fringe - benefit enhancements sought by government workers , including police officers and firefighters — ran for reelection .
Barnes had one of the toughest records on crime of any state legislator .
Yet cops and firefighters walked his district , telling voters that he was soft on criminals .
He narrowly lost .
As the Orange County Register observed years later , the election sent a message to all legislators that resonates even today : “ Your career is at risk if you dare fiddle with police and fire ” pay and benefits .
The state ’s prison guards ’ union has exploited a similar message .
Back in 1980 , when the California Correctional Peace Officers Association ( CCPOA ) won the right to represent prison guards in contract negotiations , it was a small fraternal organization of about 1,600 members .
But as California ’s inmate population surged and the state went on a prison - building spree — constructing 22 new institutions over 25 years — union membership expanded to 17,000 in 1988 , 25,000 by 1997 , and 31,000 today .
Union resources rose correspondingly , with a budget soaring to $ 25 million or so , supporting a staff 70 deep , including 20 lawyers .
Deploying those resources , the union started to go after politicians who did n’t support higher salaries and benefits for its members and an ever - expanding prison system .
In 2004 , for example , the CCPOA spent $ 200,000 — a whopping amount for a state assembly race — to unseat Republican Phil Wyman of Tehachapi .
His sin : advocating the privatization of some state prisons in order to save money .
“ The amount of money that unions are pouring into local races is staggering , ” says Joe Armendariz , executive director of the Santa Barbara County Taxpayers Association .
A recent mayoral and city council election in Santa Barbara , with a population of just 90,000 , cost more than $ 1 million , he observes .
The symbiotic relationship between the CCPOA and former governor Gray Davis provides a remarkable example of the union ’s power .
In 1998 , when Davis first ran for governor , the union threw him its endorsement .
Along with those much - needed law - and - order credentials , it also gave Davis $ 1.5 million in campaign contributions and another $ 1 million in independent ads supporting him .
Four years later , as Davis geared up for reelection , he awarded the CCPOA a stunning 34 percent pay hike over five years , increasing the average base salary of a California prison guard from about $ 50,000 a year to $ 65,000 — and this at a time when the unemployment rate in the state had been rising for nearly a year and a half and government revenues had been falling .
The deal cost the state budget an additional $ 2 billion over the life of the contract .
A union official described it admiringly as “ the best labor contract in the history of California . ”
Eight weeks after the offer , the union donated $ 1 million to Davis ’s reelection campaign .
Even cops who run for office have felt the wrath of public - safety unions .
Allan Mansoor served 16 years as a deputy sheriff in Orange County but angered police unions by publicly backing an initiative that would have required them to gain their members ’ permission to spend dues on political activities .
When the conservative Mansoor ran successfully for city council several years back in Costa Mesa , local cops and firefighters poured resources into helping his more liberal opponents .
“ I did n’t like seeing my dues go to candidates like Davis , so I supported efforts to curb that , ” Mansoor says .
“ Union leaders did n’t like it , so they endorsed my opponents by claiming they were tougher on crime than I was . ”
Even more troubling are the activities of the California Organization of Police and Sheriffs ( COPS ) , a lobbying and advocacy group that has raised tens of millions of dollars from controversial soliciting campaigns .
In one , COPS fund - raisers reportedly called residents of heavily immigrant neighborhoods and threatened to cut off their 911 services unless they donated .
In another , a COPS fund - raiser reportedly offered to shave points off Californians ’ driving records in exchange for donations .
The group has dunned politicians , too .
In 1998 , it began publishing a voter guide in which candidates paid to be included .
Pols considered the money well spent because of the importance of a COPS endorsement — or at least the appearance of one .
“ We all use them [ COPS ] for cover , especially in years when law enforcement is a big issue in elections , ” one state senator , Santa Clara ’s John Vasconcellos , admitted to the Orange County Register .
“ It stopped the right wing from calling me soft on crime . ”
The results of union pressure are clear .
In most states , cops and other safety officers can typically retire at 50 with a pension of about half their final working salary ; in California , they often receive 90 percent of their pay if they retire at the same age .
The state ’s munificent disability system lets public - safety workers retire with rich pay for a range of ailments that have nothing to do with their jobs , costing taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars .
California ’s prison guards are the nation ’s highest - paid , a big reason that spending on the state ’s prison system has blasted from less than 4.3 percent of the budget in 1986 to more than 11 percent today .
California ’s third big public - union player is the state wing of the SEIU , the nation ’s fastest - growing union , whose chief , Andy Stern , earned notoriety by visiting the White House 22 times during the first six months of the Obama administration .
Founded in 1921 as a janitors ’ union , the SEIU slowly transformed itself into a labor group representing government and health - care workers — especially health - care workers paid by government medical programs like Medicaid .
In 1984 , the California State Employees Association , which represented many state workers , decided to affiliate with the SEIU .
Today , the SEIU represents 700,000 California workers — more than a third of its nationwide membership .
Of those , 350,000 are government employees : noninstructional workers in schools across the state ; all non-public - safety workers in California ’s burgeoning prisons ; 2,000 doctors , mostly residents and interns , at state - run hospitals ; and many others at the local , county , and state levels .
The SEIU ’s rise in California illustrates again how modern labor ’s biggest victories take place in back rooms , not on picket lines .
In the late 1980s , the SEIU began eyeing a big jackpot : tens of thousands of home health - care workers being paid by California ’s county - run Medicaid programs .
The SEIU initiated a long legal effort to have those workers , who were independent contractors , declared government employees .
When the courts finally agreed , the union went about organizing them — an easy task because governments rarely contest organizing campaigns , not wanting to seem anti-worker .
The SEIU ’s biggest victory was winning representation for 74,000 home health - care workers in Los Angeles County , the largest single organizing drive since the United Auto Workers unionized General Motors in 1937 .
Taxpayers paid a steep price : home health - care costs became the fastest - growing part of the Los Angeles County budget after the SEIU bargained for higher wages and benefits for these new recruits .
The SEIU also organized home health - care workers in several other counties , reaching a whopping statewide total of 130,000 new members .
The SEIU ’s California numbers have given it extraordinary resources to pour into political campaigns .
The union ’s major locals contributed a hefty $ 20 million in 2005 to defeat a series of initiatives to cap government growth and rein in union power .
The SEIU has also spent millions over the years on initiatives to increase taxes , sometimes failing but on other occasions succeeding , as with a 2004 measure to impose a millionaires ’ tax to finance more mental - health spending .
With an overflowing war chest and hundreds of thousands of foot soldiers , the SEIU has been instrumental in getting local governments to pass living - wage laws in several California cities , including Los Angeles and San Francisco .
And the union has also used its muscle in campaigns largely out of the public eye , as in 2003 , when it pressured the board of CalPERS , the giant California public - employee pension fund , to stop investing in companies that outsourced government jobs to private contractors .
Armed with knowledge about California ’s three public - union heavyweights , one can start to understand how the state found itself in its nightmarish fiscal situation .
The beginning of the end was the 1998 gubernatorial election , in which the unions bet their future — and millions of dollars in members ’ dues — on Gray Davis .
The candidate traveled to the SEIU ’s headquarters to remind it of his support during earlier battles against GOP governors ( “ Nobody in this race has done anywhere near as much as I have for SEIU ” ) ; the union responded by pumping $ 600,000 into his campaign .
Declaring himself the “ education candidate ” who would expand funding of public education , Davis received $ 1.2 million from the CTA .
Added to this was Davis ’s success in winning away from Republicans key public - safety endorsements — and millions in contributions — from the likes of the CCPOA .
Davis ’s subsequent victory over Republican Dan Lungren afforded public - worker unions a unique opportunity to cash in the IOUs that they had accumulated , because Davis ’s Democratic Party also controlled the state legislature .
What followed was a series of breathtaking deals that left California state and municipal governments careening from one budget crisis to another for the next decade .
Perhaps the most costly was far - reaching 1999 legislation that wildly increased pension benefits for state employees .
It included an unprecedented retroactive cost - of - living adjustment for the already retired and a phaseout of a cheaper pension plan that Governor Wilson had instituted in 1991 .
The deal also granted public - safety workers the right to retire at 50 with 90 percent of their salaries .
To justify the incredible enhancements , Davis and the legislature turned to CalPERS , whose board was stocked with members who were either union reps or appointed by state officials who themselves were elected with union help .
The CalPERS board , which had lobbied for the pension bill , issued a preposterous opinion that the state could provide the new benefits mostly out of the pension systems ’ existing surplus and future stock - market gains .
Most California municipalities soon followed the state enhancements for their own pension deals .
When the stock market slid in 2000 , state and local governments got slammed with enormous bills for pension benefits .
The state ’s annual share , estimated by CalPERS back in 1999 to be only a few hundred million dollars , reached $ 3 billion by 2010 .
Counties and municipalities were no better off .
Orange County ’s retirement system saw its payouts to retirees jump to $ 410 million a year by 2009 , from $ 140 million a decade ago .
Many legislators who had voted for the pension legislation ( including all but seven Republicans ) later claimed that they ’d had no idea that its fiscal impact would be so devastating .
They had swallowed the rosy CalPERS projections even though they knew very well that the board was , as one county budget chief put it , “ the fox in the henhouse . ”
The second budget - busting deal of the Davis era was the work of the teachers ’ union .
In 2000 , the CTA began lobbying to have a chunk of the state ’s budget surplus devoted to education .
In a massive rally in Sacramento , thousands of teachers gathered on the steps of the capitol , some chanting for TV cameras , “ We want money !
We want money ! ”
Behind the scenes , Davis kept up running negotiations with the union over just how big the pot should be .
“ While you were on your way to Sacramento , I was driving there the evening of May 7 , and the governor and I talked three times on my cell phone , ” CTA president Wayne Johnson later boasted to members .
“ The first call was just general conversation .
The second call , he had an offer of $ 1.2 billion .
. . .
On the third call , he upped the ante to $ 1.5 billion . ”
Finally , in meetings , both sides agreed on $ 1.84 billion .
As Sacramento Bee columnist Dan Walters later observed , that deal did n’t merely help blow the state ’s surplus ; it also locked in higher baseline spending for education .
The result : “ When revenues returned to normal , the state faced a deficit that eventually not only cost Davis his governorship in 2003 but has plagued his successor , Arnold Schwarzenegger . ”
Having wielded so much power effortlessly , the unions miscalculated the antitax , anti-Davis sentiment that erupted when , shortly after his autumn 2002 reelection , Davis announced that the state faced a massive deficit .
The budget surprise spurred an enormous effort to recall Davis , which the unions worked to defeat , with the SEIU spending $ 2 million .
At the same time , union leaders used their influence in the Democratic Party to try to save Davis , telling other Democrats that they would receive no union support if they abandoned the governor .
“ If you betray us , we wo n’t forget it , ” the head of the 800,000 - member Los Angeles County Federation of Labor proclaimed to Democrats .
Only when it became apparent from polls that the recall would succeed did the unions shift their support to Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante , who finished a distant second to Schwarzenegger .
Taxpayer groups were euphoric .
But as they and Schwarzenegger soon discovered , most of California ’s government machinery remained union - controlled — especially the Democratic state legislature , which blocked long - term reform .
Frustrated , Schwarzenegger backed a series of 2005 initiatives sponsored by taxpayer groups to curb the unions and restrain government growth , including one that made it harder for public - employee unions to use members ’ dues for political purposes .
The controversial proposals sparked the most expensive statewide election in American history .
Advocacy groups and businesses spent a staggering $ 300 million ( some of it , however , coming from drug companies trying to head off an unrelated initiative ) .
The spending spree included $ 57 million from the CTA , which mortgaged its Sacramento headquarters for the cause .
All of the initiatives went down to defeat .
California taxpayers nevertheless received a brief respite , thanks to the mid-decade housing boom that drove the economy and tax collections higher and momentarily eased the state ’s budget crisis .
Predictably , state politicians forgot California ’s Davis - era deficit woes and gobbled up the surpluses , increasing spending by 32 percent , or $ 34 billion , in four years .
Then the housing market crashed in 2007 , prompting a cascade of budget crises in Sacramento and around the state .
Only too late have Californians recognized the true magnitude of their fiscal problems , including a $ 21 billion deficit by mid-2009 that forced the state to issue IOUs when it temporarily ran out of cash .
In the municipal bond market , fears are rising that the Golden State could actually default on its debt .
Municipalities around the state are also buckling under massive labor costs .
One city , Vallejo , has already filed for bankruptcy to get out from under onerous employee salaries and pension obligations .
( To stop other cities from going this route , unions are promoting a new law to make it harder for municipalities to declare bankruptcy . )
Other local California governments , big and small , are nearing disaster .
The city of Orange , with a budget of just $ 88 million in 2009 , spent $ 13 million of it on pensions and expects that figure to rise to $ 23 million in just three years .
Contra Costa ’s pension costs rose from $ 70 million in 2000 to $ 200 million by the end of the decade , producing a budget crisis .
Los Angeles , where payroll constitutes nearly half the city ’s $ 7 billion budget , faces budget shortfalls of hundreds of millions of dollars next year , projected to grow to $ 1 billion annually in several years .
In October 2007 , even as it was clear that the area ’s housing economy was crashing , city officials had handed out 23 percent raises over a five - year period to workers .
( See the sidebars on pages 22 and 26 . )
In the past , California could always rely on a rebounding economy to save it from its budgetary excesses .
But these days , few view the state as the land of opportunity .
Throughout the national recession that began in December 2008 and carried through 2009 , California ’s unemployment rate consistently ran several points higher than the national rate .
Major California companies like Google and Intel have chosen to expand elsewhere , not in their home state .
Put off by the high taxes and cumbersome regulatory regime that the public - sector cartel has led the way in foisting on the state , executives now view California as a noxious business environment .
In a 2008 survey by a consulting group , Development Counsellors International , business executives rated California the state where they were least likely to locate new operations .
More and more California taxpayers are realizing how stacked the system is against them , and the first stirrings of revolt are breaking out .
Voters defeated a series of ballot initiatives last May that would have allowed politicians to solve the state budget crisis temporarily through a series of questionable gimmicks , including one to let the state borrow against future lottery receipts and another to let it plug budget holes with money diverted from a mental - health services fund .
In a clear message from voters , the only proposition to gain approval last May banned pay raises for legislators during periods of budget deficit .
With anger rising , taxpayer advocates now plan to revive older initiatives to cut the power of public - sector unions .
Mark Bucher , head of the Citizens Power Campaign , is pushing for an initiative that ’s similar to propositions that failed in 1998 and in 2005 — but their prospects may be brighter today , he argues , because the woes of municipalities like Vallejo have made citizens more aware of union power and more supportive of reform .
“ The mood has clearly shifted in California , ” Bucher says .
“ You can see that in the rise of local Tea Party antitax groups around the state .
People are fed up . ”
Another initiative that could mend California ’s broken politics is a 2008 vote that took the power to delineate electoral districts away from the state legislature — which had used it to make it difficult to defeat incumbents — and gave it to a nonpartisan commission .
If this commission succeeds in making legislative races more competitive and incumbents more responsive to voter sentiment , the legislature would almost certainly become less beholden to narrow union interests , and a whole series of reforms would be possible : a new , cheaper pension plan for state employees ; fewer restrictions on charter schools , which often educate kids more effectively and less expensively than public schools do ; and regulatory reforms that would reduce the estimated $ 493 billion cost that regulations impose on California businesses each year .
It will take an enormous effort to roll back decades of political and economic gains by government unions .
But the status quo is unsustainable .
And at long last , Californians are beginning to understand the connection between that status quo and the corruption at the heart of their politics .
During oral arguments today in the case City of Ontario v. Quon , which considers whether police officers had an expectation of privacy in personal ( and sexually explicit ) text messages sent on pagers issued to them by the city , the justices of the Supreme Court at times seemed to struggle with the technology involved .
The first sign was about midway through the argument , when Chief Justice John G. Roberts , Jr. – who is known to write out his opinions in long hand with pen and paper instead of a computer – asked what the difference was “ between email and a pager ? ” *
Other justices ’ questions showed that they probably do n’t spend a lot of time texting and tweeting away from their iPhones either .
At one point , Justice Anthony Kennedy asked what would happen if a text message was sent to an officer at the same time he was sending one to someone else .
“ Does it say : ‘ Your call is important to us , and we will get back to you ? ' ” Kennedy asked .
Justice Antonin Scalia wrangled a bit with the idea of a service provider .
“ You mean ( the text ) does n’t go right to me ? ” he asked .
Then he asked whether they can be printed out in hard copy .
“ Could Quon print these spicy little conversations and send them to his buddies ? ” Scalia asked .
It was n’t just the justices who had technical difficulties .
When Justice Samuel Alito asked Quon ’s attorney Dieter Dammeier if officers could delete text messages from their pagers in a way that would prevent the city from retrieving them from the wireless carrier later , Dammeier said that they could .
A few minutes later , Alito gave Dammeier another shot at that question .
“ Are you sure about your answer on deletion ? ” Alito asked .
Dammeier admitted that he did n’t know .
“ I could n’t be certain , ” he said .
More on oral arguments in the case here on Lawyers USA Online .
* UPDATE : As several commentators have noted , the Court ’s official transcript quotes Justice Roberts as asking , “ what is the difference between the pager and the e-mail ? ” – suggesting he may have been inquiring in this context , and not more generally .
Strange But True : Nature and nurture cited in creating gender identity
Canada and its tar sands industry are working feverishly to put a fresh face on an energy development process that has long exacted a heavy toll on the environment .
As makeovers go , it ’s a heavy lift .
For a first - time visitor to Canada ’s tar sands developments in the vast boreal forest of northeastern Alberta , the overwhelming impression is the huge scale of the enterprise .
From the size of the energy resource , to the acreage ripped up in strip mining the ore , to the $ 5 million trucks ( one 13 - foot tire : $ 60,000 ) that stand 24 feet high and can carry loads of 400 tons , to the sprawling factories that separate out the gooey tar - like bitumen from the soil and upgrade it to synthetic oil , to the tailings ponds containing leftover slurry , to the energy demands for processing , and finally to the global warming pollution the industry emits — everything here is big .
Also big is a lobbying and public relations campaign by the tar sands industry in concert with the governments of Canada and Alberta to reframe the debate over an often - vilified energy source that is frequently referred to by critics as tar sands .
The stakes are huge in a world where battling climate change and harnessing renewable energy is increasingly seen as an imperative and where U.S. states — a key market for Canadian energy — are moving to develop low - carbon fuel standards for the transportation sector .
And while many in the United States may think that what happens in Canada largely stays in Canada , the truth is that similar unconventional oil development is possible in the western United States .
Pilot research and development projects to exploit vast underground oil shale reserves on federal land in Colorado , Utah , and Wyoming have been underway for several years — the latest iteration of the oil industry ’s dream to develop what the Department of Energy estimates is 2 trillion barrels of oil locked up in shale rock .
Methods to access that oil are similar to those used in tar sands .
First developed by Suncor Energy ( then Great Canadian Oilsands Company ) in the mid-1960s , tar sands have developed into a mature and important source of petroleum — to both Canada and the United States .
Canada ranks second to Saudi Arabia as a global oil power with 176 billion barrels of reserves — the vast majority of it in oil shale .
It is also by far the largest oil supplier for the United States , sending 2.5 million barrels a day south across the border .
“ The linkage to the United States is fundamental , ” said Suncor Energy Vice President for Sustainability Gord Lambert during a briefing for several dozen energy and economic development specialists from U.S. western states on a recent fact - finding tour sponsored by Canada ’s national and provincial governments .
The Center for American Progress was invited to join the tour .
Trips like ours are part of a broad effort by Canada to spread more benign messages about tar sands : that new technologies are reducing the environmental impacts of developing the resource , that Alberta has emerged as a world leader in cutting emissions of climate - changing pollutants , and that states in the American West and Midwest that are the biggest consumers of Alberta oil have a big financial stake and should think carefully about low - carbon fuel standards that could restrict imports of oil from the north .
An article last month in ClimateWire explained that nearly 20 states are considering such standards , and a top official from Canada ’s embassy in Washington , D.C. has been on the road visiting governors reminding them that companies and jobs in their states thrive by supplying the tar sands industry with everything , from truck tires to pipe .
Alberta ’s tar sands industry is centered near Fort McMurray , a northeastern Alberta city of about 65,000 people that sprung to life in the boreal forest where the Athabasca and Clearwater rivers merge .
It ’s a classic energy boom town where just two years ago one of our tour guides paid $ 465,000 ( Canadian dollars ) for a singlewide trailer home .
While incredibly abundant here , the bitumen — a viscous form of petroleum mixed with sand , clay , and water — is not easy to access .
Deposits are 200 to 250 feet thick but lie between 100 and 150 feet below the surface .
The ore is traditionally extracted by removing the overburden and strip mining , and it then is loaded onto trucks , crushed , and mixed with water — it takes two to four barrels of water for every barrel of bitumen — to form a slurry .
A separation process releases the bitumen from the sand and clay and sends it to upgrading facilities .
The slurry is deposited in huge tailings ponds where solidification prior to land reclamation can take 30 years .
It ’s a messy , energy - intensive process .
And strip mining has its limits — it can reach only about 20 percent of the ore .
The rest is too deep .
So the industry says it will be increasingly turning to in situ — in place , underground — development .
Wells are drilled up to 250 meters deep and high - temperature steam is pumped in along a horizontal axis for hundreds of meters , melting the bitumen , which is then pumped to the surface .
Recovery rates approach 70 percent versus as little as 5 percent for strip mining .
There ’s also a much smaller footprint on the land , no tailings ponds , and thus quicker recovery .
“ With in situ it takes us from 30 years of recovery to three weeks , ” says Lambert .
“ We never want to do another tailings pond . ”
The Pembina Institute , a Canadian nonprofit think tank that focuses on sustainable energy , is less enthusiastic about the in situ process .
In a report card issued last month on nine operating in situ facilities , Pembina concluded , “ there is significant room to increase the environmental performance ” of projects using the technique .
The institute reported that on average these new projects using in situ technology “ have higher greenhouse gas and sulfur dioxide emissions intensities than mining . ”
Provincial government officials in Alberta — which has 10 percent of Canada ’s population but emits 40 percent of the country ’s global warming pollution — eagerly tout the province ’s recent efforts on climate change .
Their first climate change action plan dates to 2001 , followed up with legislation in 2003 , and a detailed strategy in 2008 for reducing projected emissions in 2050 by half or 200 million tons .
Nearly 70 percent of that cut would come from carbon capture and storage , a big bet on a technology still in its infancy .
The province ’s “ cap and allowance ” system covers large polluters above 100,000 tons of greenhouse gases per year who must meet reduction targets or pay $ 15 per excess ton into a clean energy technology fund or purchase in - province offset credits .
The fund , now at $ 125 million , supports clean energy , efficiency , and carbon capture - and - storage projects .
Here again the Pembina Institute is underwhelmed , as detailed in its 2009 report “ Clearing the Air on Oil Sands Myths ” ( tar sands to its critics ) .
The directive to cut emissions by 50 percent by 2050 is from a business - as - usual baseline , notes the report , so the actual cut from 2005 levels would be by just 14 percent , and in the medium term Alberta ’s emissions would be 20 percent above 2005 levels in 2020 .
Further , unlike international climate change reduction directives that use 1990 levels as a baseline , Alberta uses 2005 , which would allow emissions 16 percent above 1990 levels .
Tar sands production , the institute argues , “ is approximately three times more GHG - intensive than Canadian conventional oil production … ”
In response to government officials who point out that Alberta tar sands represent just 5 percent of Canada ’s global warming pollution and one - tenth of 1 percent of the world ’s , Pembina notes projections by the national environmental ministry that the tar sands industry ’s national share will rise to 12 percent in 2020 , representing nearly half of the emissions growth between 2006 and 2020 .
Alberta ’s heavy reliance on carbon capture and storage to meet its targets , Pembina says , would require a much higher price on carbon and large investments and technological breakthroughs as yet not supported by government policies .
Even the Alberta government ’s own one - year report card is less than stellar on the province ’s overall goal of reducing the environmental impacts of tar sands development , which was outlined in its 2009 report , “ Responsible Actions : A Plan for Alberta ’s Oil Sands . ”
“ Just two of the province ’s short - term goals , to be completed by 2012 , have been completed , ” according to the Calgary Herald , and no progress has been made in reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
How the tar sands debate plays out in Canada has significant implications for the United States .
Not only does our reliance on heavy oil from Canada make it harder to reach climate pollution reduction goals , says Liz Barratt - Brown , a senior attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council , but Canada ’s experience might be a preview if our own oil shale resources are developed .
“ There ’s a lot of analogies here , ” Barratt - Brown says .
“ What happens in Canada is not just Canada ’s business .
It ’s ours . ”
Tom Kenworthy is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress .
The violent events leading up to the death of a star would likely drive away any planets .
The newly discovered Jupiter - size object may have arrived long after the star died .
The Question Pool Committee ( QPC ) of the National Conference of Volunteer Examiner Coordinators ( NCVEC ) announced the withdrawal of two questions from the Technician class pool and two questions from the Extra class pool .
Volunteer Examiner Coordinators ( VECs ) and Volunteer Examiners ( VEs ) must take action to remove these questions from use by July 1 , 2010 .
Due to a rules change and pending action by the FCC , questions T2C02 and T2C03 from the July 2010 Technician Pool and questions E1C04 and E1C05 from the July 2008 Extra Pool may not be used in examinations after June 30 .
The two Technician questions dealt with emergency communications and Section 97.113 of the FCC ’s rules governing Amateur Radio .
In March , the Commission released a Notice of Proposed Rule Making ( NPRM ) , WP Docket No 10 - 72 , that proposes to amend the rules to provide that , under certain limited conditions , Amateur Radio operators may transmit messages during emergency and disaster preparedness drills , regardless of whether the operators are employees of entities participating in the drill .
“ Adoption of the NPRM appears more likely than not , abolishing the temporary waiver [ needed for government - sponsored emergency communication drills ] ( T2C02 ) and making T2C03 an invalid question , ” the QPC said in a statement appearing on the NCVEC Web site .
“ Therefore , we feel it is best to withdraw these two questions now to avoid the possible inclusion of invalid information in training material now being prepared . ”
The two Extra questions dealt with third party restrictions as defined in 97.109 (e ) ; the FCC has since deleted this rule , so the information is no longer applicable to the Amateur Service .
SCHOOLCHILDREN on brain - boosting drugs are questioning the whole point of the education system , it has emerged .
After doubling their IQs with pharmaceuticals , many pupils have completely lost faith in the idea of working hard at school in the vain hope of landing a repetitive office job with some hateful corporation and then handing most of their earnings straight to the government .
Kyle Stephenson , a 13 - year - old Reminyl user , said : " My parents ' generation worked hard at school , got so - called ' jobs ' and slaved for decades to achieve an onerous mortgage , matching stomach ulcers and a deep reservoir of poisonous resentment .
" Therefore I could continue to diligently study oxbow lakes and isoceles triangles in the hope of getting sufficiently decent grades to join them on the soulless hamster wheel of modern life , or I could find a nice tree and sit under it playing the bongos and toying with my genitals .
" Who amongst you would dare to call me ' time - waster ? ' "
Fifteen year - old Donna Sheridan was predicting five Bs and four Cs before her parents put her on a course of drugs that boosted her IQ to 296 .
She said : " My former interests in Twilight and being fingered have been eroded by a growing awareness that humanity is operating on a broken template , the dogged pursuance of which will lead to its unavoidable annihilation .
" Simultaneously I have come to the realisation that most of my teachers have little more than a rudimentary grasp of their supposedly specialist subject , having fallen into their career with a mixture of apathy and grim resignation after their true ambitions were thwarted by misfortune or lack of talent .
" Hence I can't be arsed to go to my French listening test and there 's fuck all you can do about it . "
Up to 88 % of Fortune 500 companies may have been affected by the Zeus trojan , according to research by RSA 's FraudAction Anti-Trojan division , part of EMC .
The trojan installs keystroke loggers to steal login credentials to banking , social networking , and e-mail accounts .
The botnet was first identified in 2007 and is still around today .
The malware tends to be difficult to detect and remove , and several million machines worldwide are believed to be infected .
The Zeus server - side components , used to collect the stolen data , surprisingly mimic techniques more commonly seen in the world of commercial software ; the software is licensed ( with fees ranging from several hundred to a few thousand dollars ) , and each installation is tied to the hardware it 's installed on in a system reminiscent of Microsoft 's software activation .
The malware itself predominantly attacks Windows XP machines , though Windows Vista and Windows 7 variants are available for sale too .
The value of Zeus control servers is such that they have themselves become targets for hackers , seeking to steal the large caches of stolen data .
RSA 's study examined data found on Zeus control servers , finding e-mail addresses and IP addresses belonging to many major corporations .
There was evidence of some form of infection from almost all the Fortune 500 companies , with stolen e-mail in particular from around 60 % percent .
About 20 companies with significant consumer - focused brands such as Google were excluded from the study as the sheer volume of data prevented any meaningful analysis .
Smaller companies ( those with fewer than 75,000 employees ) appeared to have a higher proportion of infected employees , suggesting that perhaps larger corporations are more effective at securing their systems and data .
Home computers not subject to corporate IT policy but used to access corporate mail and networks are a particularly high risk .
The FCC recently published photos of the internals of Apple 's upcoming iPad due to be released tomorrow .
In the original FCC document all of the chips in the device were covered with grey boxes , a little bit of Photoshop revealed what we wanted to see .
Click to Enlarge
The initial details are n't all that surprising .
The iPad is mostly screen and battery , the motherboard itself appears to be smartphone sized .
The bulk of the cost of this device is in the display and the casing , which means Apple is making a killing off each device sold .
It makes sense given that Apple had little interest in selling low margin netbooks , but this is a different story entirely .
Indian cultural tradition favours boys over girls
Authorities in the western Indian state of Gujarat say they have recovered more than a dozen human foetuses from a rubbish bin in the city of Ahmedabad .
They suspect the foetuses could have been dumped by local abortion clinics which have been conducting illegal sex determination tests .
The unborn babies ' bodies have been sent for post - mortem examinations .
It is thought millions of female foetuses may have been aborted in India over the past 20 years .
India , where boys have traditionally been favoured over girls , banned gender selection and selective abortion in 1994 .
Ante-natal tests to determine the sex of babies is banned in India but the practice carries on despite the law .
The BBC's Rathin Das in Ahmedabad says the foetuses were found in the east of the city on Monday morning .
Some were in broken jars which have been sent for forensic examination .
Our correspondent says the recovery of so many foetuses has raised fears that they could be the result of illegal abortions conducted after sex determination tests confirmed the unborn babies were female .
Female foeticide has led to an unbalanced sex ratio in many northern districts of Gujarat , and in other states in India .
Ahmedabad 's chief medical officer said some of the foetuses could have originated from legitimate abortions but that the clinics would then still be guilty of negligently dumping bio-medical waste .
For the first time ever in the UK , the leaders of the three main parties will debate on live television during the General Election campaign .
On 29 April from 8.30 pm , BBC
One will host a live Prime Ministerial Debate from the Midlands , and we want your questions for Gordon Brown , David Cameron and Nick Clegg .
The first half of the programme will debate the economy .
We will then have the chance to discuss all other election issues .
A selection of the best questions submitted will be considered for use in the programme .
HOW TO SUBMIT YOUR QUESTION THE POSTFORM HAS NOW BEEN REMOVED FOLLOWING THE TRANSMISSION OF THE PROGRAMME
Please fill in all the fields below .
Your question can be about any election issue , but we must be able to ask them equally of the three political leaders .
We would also like some basic personal information , in case the production team needs to contact you .
Please be aware that if your question is chosen we will mention your full name on air , but we will not disclose any of your other personal details .
The information you provide will be used solely for the purposes of the broadcast and will not be shared with any other third parties outside the BBC .
Your data will be kept securely and we will delete all information after the debate is aired on 29 April .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When You “ Work Hard and Play by the Rules , ” the House Wins
Generally speaking , people tend to break down into two broad categories when it comes to “ the rules . ”
There are the people who view “ the rules ” as something made as a well - intentioned , good faith effort , by “ society ” or “ all of us , ” so that “ we can all get along together ” ; it follows that “ we all ” have an obligation either to follow the rules “ we all ” live under , or to change them .
And then there are people like me .
I just do n’t understand the rules - trusters .
It ’s not that they ’re necessarily bad people .
Some of them are probably just Type - A authoritarians like Archie Bunker , people who think society will degenerate into “ anarchy ” if we do n’t all unite under the alpha-males and defend the in - group ’s mores against out - groups and internal rebels .
But most of them probably just come from positive family backgrounds that have predisposed them toward trust and generosity .
It ’s people like this who read “ Why Mommy is a Democrat , ” and think society is just like a big family where the rules are there to keep us all happy and safe and make sure the same person does n’t always grab the last drumstick off the plate .
In a society made up entirely of genuinely consensual associations , with rules actually made by voluntary members , this trusting and generous attitude would be entirely appropriate–just the sort of personality type needed to keep things going .
But society is n’t a big family , with government as Mommy .
Government is run by people who rig the game to make sure they can take the drumstick off the plate every time .
You frequently hear , in this age of soccer mom politics , complaints that people “ work hard and play by the rules ” and still get screwed .
Well , OF COURSE people get screwed when they work hard and play by the rules .
Who do you think is making the rules ?
You might as well complain that you do n’t get rich in Vegas when you play by the rules of the house .
The only people who get rich playing by the rules are the people who make the rules .
And just look at the people sitting around the table , the people who make the rules you live by : the “ too big to fail ” banks ; the RIAA , MPAA and Microsoft ; Cargill and ADM ; Merck and Pfizer ; Boeing and McDonnell Douglass .
Do these look like people who want you to get rich playing by the rules ?
No .
They want YOU to play by the rules , while THEY get rich .
You ’ll succeed by working hard and playing by the rules about as fast as an Egyptian slave would have got to be Pharaoh by working hard building a pyramid .
There ’s an old saying about the definition of a liberal , as opposed to a radical : a liberal is someone who thinks the system is broken and needs to be fixed , whereas a radical understands it ’s working the way it ’s supposed to .
A scene in Freedom , by Daniel Suarez , reminded me of that .
Most of the debate on torture in the mainstream press revolves around whether it ’s a “ mistake , ” because of allegations that it does n’t “ work ” as a way of extracting confessions .
A character in Freedom , known only as The Major ( his real name was classified ) put the debate in perspective .
The Major was a thirty year veteran of America ’s dirty little wars , representing the people who own the world , the real government you never read about in the civics textbooks : finance capitalists , torturers , death squads , narcotraffickers , and all the people we mentioned above sitting around that little table making “ the rules . ”
In the scene , The Major was preparing to torture a member of the kind of decentralist resistance movement that John Robb likes to write about : local economies of soil - intensive horticulturists , micromanufacturers and renewable energy , organized through a global darknet .
As his assistants bustled about readying their pliers , snips and cauterizing torches , The Major held forth in good cheer on the real purpose of torture :
Of course torture is useless for extracting information , he said .
No one here is so naive as to believe otherwise .
But it ’s quite useful for terrorizing subject populations .
You mutilate people , break them , and release what ’s left of them into the general population as a warning sign written in flesh and blood : “ This is what happens when you resist . ”
If you torture a thousand people , you can keep five million working quietly and obediently , with their heads down and mouths shut , doing what they ’re told and not asking questions .
A liberal who does n’t think the system is working , does n’t understand what it ’s supposed to do .
Remember my article on The Busy Beaver Problem ?
Well , someone built a real Turing Machine and decided to run the busy beaver with 4 states on it .
Here is the video .
The Turing Machine in this video runs for 107 steps and halts with the total of 13 ones , as expected .
In my article on The Busy Beaver Problem , I also wrote a program that visualizes the tape changes .
If you follow the video closely , you 'll see that they match the visualization ( black square stands for 1 , white for 0 ) .
Tape changes for 4 state busy beaver .
See A Turing Machine website for more videos and information about how this machine was actually built .
Also see my article on Busy Beaver for a Turing Machine implementation in Python and C ++.
Links and References
MacDougall , C. ( 1958 , 2nd ed. ) .
Hoaxes .
Dover Publications : 80 .
Mitchell , W.J. ( 1992 ) .
The Reconfigured Eye. MIT Press : 204-208 .
The standing portrait of Lincoln ( left ) was created soon after the American Civil War .
Although it hung in many classrooms , Lincoln never posed for it .
Instead , an unknown entrepreneur created it by cutting - and - pasting a headshot of Lincoln taken from a photograph by Mathew Brady ( middle ) onto a portrait of the Southern leader John Calhoun ( right ) .
This was done because there were hardly any appropriate ‘ heroic - style ’ portraits of Lincoln made during his life .
In the Calhoun image , the papers on the table say “ strict constitution , ” “ free trade , ” and “ the sovereignty of the states . ”
In the Lincoln image , these words have been changed to read , “ constitution , ” “ union , ” and “ proclamation of freedom . ”
The Federal Opposition has dismissed an open letter from 20 economists who are backing the Government 's new mining tax .
The 40 per cent tax on mining profits is dominating parliamentary debate , with the Government and Opposition continuing to trade blows over whether the industry is paying enough tax .
A group of prominent economists backs the tax , saying claims that it will push up the cost of living and slow growth in the sector are without substance .
But Opposition resources spokesman Ian Macfarlane has brushed aside the group 's support for the tax .
" I think economists are put here to make weather forecasters look good , " he said .
" I was at a luncheon with [ Reserve Bank governor ]
Glenn Stevens in Toowoomba only a month ago where his opening line was , ' Yes I know everything I predicted 12 months ago did n't happen ' . "
Opposition finance spokesman Andrew Robb says the economists are debating the wrong point .
" This debate has never been about the design of the tax , " he said .
" The debate is all about the size of the tax grab .
The economists are attempting to shift the focus . "
Meanwhile , Treasurer Wayne Swan has seized on comments by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott in which he suggested that the mining industry is paying too much tax .
Speaking on 2GB radio Mr Abbott said : " Any fair - minded analysis of the evidence would suggest that mining companies , when you throw in corporate taxes and royalties , are paying more than their fare share of tax .
" Yet because it suits the political purposes of this Government they 're being blackguarded up hill and down dale . "
Mr Swan says Mr Abbott 's comments are " extraordinary " .
" Not even the miners believe they are paying too much tax , " he said .
" That just shows how far Mr Abbott is out there , with people like [ mining magnate Clive Palmer ] arguing in the commercial interest of some miners and not arguing in the national interest . "
When Mr Macfarlane was asked by reporters if the industry was paying too much tax he replied : " I think they 're paying a fair amount of tax and I think that if there needs to be a change to that there needs to be a long and detailed consultation initially between the states and the companies involved . "
ZURICH , March 2 ( AP ) 
What began as a routine training exercise almost ended in an embarrassing diplomatic incident after a company of Swiss soldiers got lost at night and marched into neighboring Liechtenstein .
According to the Swiss daily newspaper Blick , the 170 infantry soldiers wandered more than a mile across an unmarked border into the tiny principality early on Thursday before realizing their mistake and turning back .
A spokesman for the Swiss Army confirmed the story , but said it was unlikely that there would be any serious repercussions for Switzerland , well known for its neutrality .
“ We ’ve spoken to the authorities in Liechtenstein , and it ’s not a problem , ” the spokesman , Daniel Reist , said Friday .
Published online 1 March 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.100
Updated online :
News : Briefing
Building codes and earthquake origins help explain levels of destruction .
On 27 February , at 3:34 in the morning , Chile was rocked by a magnitude - 8.8 earthquake .
It was the fifth - largest earthquake since 1900 , releasing about 500 times the energy of the magnitude - 7.0 quake that hit Haiti on 12 January .
Although both countries were devastated , the destruction was worse in Haiti , where an estimated 230,000 people were killed .
In Chile the death toll reported on 28 February was 708 , although that figure is expected to increase .
Nature examines what happened in Chile and why the outcomes were so different .
Why was the Chilean earthquake so big ?
The earthquake occurred along a 500 - kilometre segment of the Peru–Chile subduction zone , where part of the Nazca Plate in the Pacific Ocean plunges beneath the South American Plate .
The earthquake that hit Chile on 27 February was stronger than the 12 January Haiti quake but caused less damage .
AP Photo
Subduction zones are noted for producing some of the biggest earthquakes — the 2004 Indian Ocean quake also arose from a subduction zone .
But Chile is particularly prone to tremors because the plates there are converging at high speed – about 80 millimetres a year compared to 25 – 70 millimetres a year for most other plates , says Roger Bilham , a seismologist at the University of Colorado in Boulder .
This means that strain builds up quickly , and the long , straight plate boundary , which follows the coastline , enables big blocks of the fault to slip simultaneously , releasing a lot of energy in a single lurch .
The biggest earthquake ever recorded — magnitude 9.5 — occurred along the same subduction zone in 1960 .
The 27 February quake happened on a section of the fault between the site of the magnitude - 9.5 quake and a magnitude - 7.8 quake that occurred in 1985 .
Thus , says Emile Okal , a geophysicist at Northwestern University in Evanston , Illinois , it was to be expected that the central section would eventually rupture .
Why did n't the earthquake do 500 times more damage than in Haiti ?
Big earthquakes affect larger areas than smaller ones , but do n't necessarily knock down more buildings .
That is partly because subduction - zone earthquakes occur offshore , and the strength of the shaking diminishes quickly with distance .
So , says Seth Stein , a geophysicist at Northwestern University , " a ' large ' earthquake close by does more damage than a ' huge ' one a little further away " .
And the Haiti earthquake was relatively shallow , whereas the Chilean one was deep .
Just as damage reduces with horizontal distance from the fault , it also attenuates with vertical distance , says Scott Ashford , head of the School of Civil and Construction Engineering at Oregon State University in Corvallis .
Another factor is the speed of ground shaking .
Giant earthquakes , says Okal , tend to put much of their extra energy into slower , long - period vibrations , rather than adding to the strength of the 1 - hertz - frequency vibrations most effective at knocking down walls .
" You get a kind of saturation , " he says .
" A larger area is affected , but the intensity does not necessarily grow . "
To what extent did better building codes minimize the death toll ?
In Haiti , non-existent or badly enforced building codes turned many buildings into " weapons of mass destruction , " Bilham wrote last month in an Opinion in Nature ( see ' Lessons from the Haiti earthquake ' ) .
Click on image for a larger version .
USGS
But although nothing could make Chile invulnerable to earthquakes , its building codes are comparable to California 's , says Ashford .
" If you look at earthquake risk there are two components , " he says .
" One is the hazard – what Earth can do to you .
The other is how vulnerable your buildings are .
In Chile , they have frequent earthquakes , but they 've implemented seismic design into their building code , have inspections , and well - engineered structures . "
But the South American nation did still take an enormous hit from the earthquake .
" As we start looking at the infrastructure , it 's going to take a long time to rebuild , " Ashford says .
How do the tsunamis from the two earthquakes compare ?
Both earthquakes produced deadly tsunamis , with three people killed by waves in Haiti and 16 in Chile .
In Haiti , waves up to 3 metres high occurred along the Haitian shore , possibly due to underwater landslides or similar local phenomena ( see ' Haiti earthquake produced deadly tsunami ' ) .
In Chile , waves as high as 2.34 metres were recorded , and at least three people were killed by 3 - metre waves on Robinson Crusoe Island , 700 kilometers offshore .
The Chilean earthquake also sent waves racing across the Pacific , inducing alerts throughout the Pacific Rim and causing evacuations in Hawaii , where officials remembered the 1960 earthquake , when a tsunami killed 61 people in the coastal town of Hilo .
The more recent tsunami was smaller , producing no reported damage in either Hawaii or Japan .
What is the next step ?
Although Chile has plenty of seismologists of its own , scientists in many fields will undoubtedly be heading there to see what they can learn from the region 's biggest earthquake in 50 years .
ADVERTISEMENT
In doing so , they will be following in the footsteps of Charles Darwin , who was in Chile during an earthquake in 1835 , estimated to have been around magnitude 8.2 .
Darwin noted , says Ashford , that earthquake waves are amplified by certain geological features , most notably mountain tops and cliff tops .
Something similar was seen in California 's 1994 magnitude - 6.7 quake in Northridge , Los Angeles , he adds .
" Homes along the edge of the cliff in Pacific Palisades suffered significant damage , " he says , " where 100 yards inland they barely felt the earthquake . "
Ashford hopes to visit Chile by mid-March .
" What we 're trying to do , " he says , " is learn as much as we can and collect the kind of perishable data that help us validate our models , save lives , and protect from future earthquakes . "
Former Bosnian
Serb leader denies two counts of genocide and other war crimes in opening statement to tribunal
Radovan Karadzic today described the Serb cause in the Bosnian war as " just and holy " at the start of his defence against charges of genocide and other war crimes .
The former Bosnian Serb leader , who has been accused of the biggest mass murder in Europe since the second world war , denies two counts of genocide and nine other counts of murder , extermination , persecution , forced deportation and the seizing of 200 United Nations hostages .
The 64 - year - old insisted the Serbs were only acting in self - defence and that any conflict resulting from the break - up of the former Yugoslavia in the 1990s was a natural consequence of Serbs , Croats and Muslims fighting for land .
Karadzic , often referring to himself in the third person , has two days to deliver his opening statement , followed by the start of the prosecutors ' case against him .
He spoke almost non -stop for three hours , with just a short break .
" I will defend that nation of ours and their cause that is just and holy .
We have a good case .
We have good evidence and proof , " he said in his opening statement at the international criminal tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) in The Hague .
Karadzic sought to portray the Serbs as the victims , blaming the former Croat leader Franjo Tudjman and the former Bosnian Muslim leader Alija Izetbegović of pursuing " ethnocentric " aims , with the desire to create Croatian and Bosnian Muslim states respectively .
An indictment would be more believable against Croatian and Bosnian Muslim rather than Serbian leaders , Karadzic told the court .
He accused Turkey of wanting to re-establish an " Ottoman " presence in the Balkans and restore a " stability of the cemetery " .
Karadzic repeatedly said the Serbs were reacting to events and only took action to defend themselves .
" My generals were taking action to defend Serbs … against a raging bull . "
Prosecutors were trying to present him as a monster because they did not have any evidence that he had committed a crime , Karadzic said .
" This indictment should not have been issued in the first place . "
He rejected charges that the Serbs ran concentration camps where non-Serbs were tortured and killed , saying the camps were " collection centres " for refugees .
" It was a transit point for persons who had nowhere to go because of the fighting going on around them , " he said .
He denied that Serb forces deliberately targeted a market during the siege of Sarajevo , an attack that killed 68 people .
Prosecutors say Karadzic orchestrated a campaign to destroy the Muslim and Croat communities in eastern Bosnia to create an ethnically pure Serbian state .
He denies any guilt – although he refused to enter a formal plea – and could face life in prison if convicted .
The Bosnian war included the 44 - month siege of the capital , Sarajevo , and the torture and murder of hundreds of prisoners in detention camps , and culminated in the massacre of around 8,000 Muslim males in one week in July 1995 .
The massacre , in the Srebrenica enclave , was the worst in Europe since the second world war .
In his opening statement last October the prosecutor , Alan Tieger , said Karadzic " harnessed the forces of nationalism , hatred and fear to pursue his vision of an ethnically segregated Bosnia " .
Karadzic is the most important figure to be brought to trial since the former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic , who died of a heart attack in 2006 before his case was concluded .
As president of the breakaway Bosnian Serb state , Karadzic negotiated with diplomats , UN officials and peace envoys .
He set the tone and pace of the 1992 - 95 Bosnian war , in which an estimated 100,000 people died .
First indicted in 1995 , he eluded a Nato manhunt for more than a decade but was caught in Belgrade , where he had been living as a new - age philosopher , in July 2008 .
Karadzic – who is representing himself despite his lack of legal training – has persistently attempted to stall the trial .
On Friday the three - judge tribunal dismissed his request to adjourn the trial until June after his two - day opening statement and ordered prosecutors to present their first witness on Wednesday .
Karadzic boycotted the opening of the trial four months ago , prompting the court to suspend the case .
If you believe this is a system error , please click here to create a support issue Create Support Issue
It is often said that there are great healing powers in the Names of God .
But the effect of healing comes from active participation with the meaning of these names and not just mindless recitation .
Reminds me of a Sufi Story I recently came across :
Past the worshipper as he prayed came 3 people .
The crippled , the beggar and the beaten .
Seeing them he cried , “ Great God , how is it that a loving creator can see such things and yet do nothing about them ? ”
And God said , “ I did do something .
I made you . ”
Copy this Code to add the above Comic to your Blog / Website :
{code type=html}
{/ code}
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuelan authorities have jailed a former state governor and presidential candidate who accused President Hugo Chavez ’s government of links to subversive groups in Latin America .
Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez arrives at the international airport in Cancun February 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Gerardo Garcia
The detention of Oswaldo Alvarez Paz , a veteran with the opposition COPEI party but not one of Chavez ’s most prominent foes , will fuel criticism that the Venezuelan leader is taking his nation down an increasingly dictatorial route .
Alvarez joins a list of several dozen Chavez opponents now in jail , living in exile or facing probes in the South American oil - producing country .
With the political atmosphere heating up before legislative elections in September -- seen as a barometer for a 2012 presidential vote -- Chavez says his opponents are increasingly breaking laws in their desperation to topple him .
A court ordered Alvarez ’s arrest at his home in Caracas late on Monday on charges of conspiracy , spreading false information and inciting hatred , judicial officials said on Tuesday .
He governed oil - producing Zulia state in the early 1990s and unsuccessfully ran for the presidency with COPEI in 1993 .
Authorities opened an inquiry into Alvarez earlier this month after he gave an interview to pro-opposition TV network Globovision accusing the government of ties to illegal groups .
“ The Venezuelan regime has relations with structures that serve narco - trafficking , like ( Colombian rebel group ) FARC and others which exist in the continent and the world , ” he said .
The accusations against Alvarez could carry a jail sentence of between two and 16 years , local media said .
“ I assume the responsibility for the things that I have said and that I do , ” he told reporters before his arrest .
“ ABSURD ” ACCUSATIONS
His lawyer , Omar Estancio , said the arrest order was “ disproportional ” and “ politicized ” while COPEI , a Christian Democrat party , called the accusations “ absurd ” .
“ The national government , once again using the institutions it has taken over , tries to silence criticism and denunciations by those who do not think like it does , ” the party said .
Chavez supporters argue , however , their president is a victim of a U.S. - led campaign of vilification , and that he is reversing decades of exploitation in the OPEC member nation with policies for the poor like free clinics and schools .
At the weekend , Chavez said he would not tolerate illegal use of the Internet or media by his opponents .
The best - known Chavez critic in jail is Raul Isaias Baduel , a former defense minister who left government in 2007 to campaign against his former boss but was imprisoned last year on corruption charges .
In a blow for Venezuela ’s reputation , the human rights wing of the Organization of American States last month criticized what it described as the concentration of power and curbing of civil liberties in Venezuela under Chavez .
Republican leaders decided last week to dismiss the Senate 's parliamentarian , Robert B . Dove , because of their frustration over his recent rulings on tax and budget matters , a top leadership staff assistant said today .
'' He 's made inconsistent calls , and frustration has mounted , '' said the staff assistant , who would not agree to be named .
'' He has made it hard for the leadership to plot a strategy . ''
One of Mr. Dove 's recent rulings was that only one tax bill could be considered this year under special budget rules that prevent filibusters .
The final straw apparently came last week when Mr. Dove determined that a Republican plan to set aside more than $ 5 billion in next year 's budget to cover expenses related to natural disasters could be removed from the budget unless Republicans could muster 60 votes to keep it .
Those decisions frustrated Republicans .
Earlier this year , he delighted Republicans and infuriated Democrats in declaring that a tax cut could be considered under procedures that prevent filibusters on measures that reduced budget deficits .
By clicking Sign In , you agree to College Confidential Terms , The College Fair Terms , College Confidential Privacy Policy , and The College Fair Privacy Policy
ISTANBUL 
The Israeli commando raid on Monday on an aid flotilla , which left at least nine people dead , has dragged relations between Israel and Turkey to a new low , political experts here say , threatening to derail diplomatic relations between two close American allies .
Turkey , a NATO member , has long been Israel ’s closest friend in the Muslim world , with $ 2.5 billion in trade in 2009 and strong ties between the countries ’ militaries and governments .
But relations began to deteriorate during Israel ’s war in Gaza , when Turkey ’s prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , publicly sparred with Israel ’s president , Shimon Peres , at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland .
Monday ’s raid on the Gaza - bound aid flotilla , which was sponsored in part by a Turkish organization , prompted street protests in Turkey and a strong official reaction , with Ankara recalling its ambassador from Israel , summoning Israel ’s ambassador and canceling planned joint military exercises .
That was enough to raise alarms among analysts here , who said it could seriously jeopardize already battered diplomatic relations between the countries .
“ This will be perceived as a kind of declaration of war on Turkey , ” said Cengiz Candar , a columnist for Radikal , a Turkish daily .
“ Political dialogue will cease .
It ’s not possible to contain the deterioration in relations anymore . ”
The Puppet Dashboard is a web front end that keeps you informed and in control of everything going on in your Puppet ecosystem .
It currently functions as a reporting dashboard and an external node repository and will soon do much more , including having better marketing copy .
Fundamentally , Dashboard lets you do two things : configure nodes using parameters , classes and groups for use as an external nodes tool ; and monitor the status of nodes through real - time reporting and versioned change tracking .
To learn more about the Puppet Dashboard and it ’s different views go read : A tour of the Puppet Dashboard
Preliminary Note :
I am using a CentOS 5.5 i386 base installation in this tutorial .
* puppetmaster.how2centos.com ( IP 10.0.0.100 ) : CentOS 5.5 i386 base installation
The assumption is that you have a working knowledge of installing / configuring Puppet .
If not then read this article : Installing Puppet Master and Client on CentOS
Let ’s Begin
# yum install yum - priorities # rpm - Uhv http://apt.sw.be/redhat/el5/en/i386/rpmforge/RPMS/rpmforge-release-0.3.6-1.el5.rf.i386.rpm
# rpm - Uvh http://download.fedora.redhat.com/pub/epel/5/i386/epel-release-5-4.noarch.rpm
# yum update
# yum install ruby rubygems rubygem - rails rubygem - sqlite3 - ruby ruby - devel ruby - mysql
# yum install mysql-server
# service mysqld start # chkconfig mysqld on
# yum install puppet puppet - server
# wget http://puppetlabs.com/downloads/dashboard/puppet-dashboard-1.0.4.tgz
# tar zxvf puppet - dashboard - 1.0.4.tgz # mv puppetlabs - puppet - dashboard - 071acf4/ /opt/puppet-dashboard
# cd /opt / puppet - dashboard # cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml # vi config/database.yml
# database.yml # ============
# # The `config / database.yml` file contains your custom settings for connecting # the Dashboard to a database .
You must create the databases you plan to use # and add their connection details here to use the Dashboard .
# # Format # ------ # #
This file is split into sections describing different environments , each # optimized for a different use .
If you 're only using the Dashboard , you # only need to configure the " production " environment .
# # Lines starting with an octothorpe ( " # " ) are comments .
Uncommented , # unindented lines start a new environment ( e.g. , " production " ) .
Indented # lines below an unindented line are settings related to that environment .
# # Example # ------- # # # Section describing the " production " environment , do n't change this line : # production : # # Connect to a database named " dashboard " : # database : dashboard # # Connect to this database as the " root " user : # username : root # # Connect to this database using " mypassword " as the password : # password : mypassword # # Use " utf8 " as the database character encoding , do n't change this line : # encoding : utf8 # #
Use a MySQL database , do n't change this line : # adapter : mysql # # Environments #
------------ # #
The " production " environment is optimized for fast performance , like when # you deploy the Dashboard for use in your organization .
It is used when : # * Starting a console with : script / console production # * Starting a server with : scipt / server -e production # * Running a rake task with : rake RAILS_ENV =production ... production : database : dashboard username : root password : encoding : utf8 adapter : mysql #
The " development " environment is optimized for those developing the # Dashboard software and reloads code as it's modified .
It is used when : # * Starting a console with : script / console # * Starting a server with : script / server # * Running a rake task with : rake ... development : database : dashboard username : root password : encoding : utf8 adapter : mysql #
The " test " environment is used for running tests .
WARNING : The database # defined for this will be erased and re-generated from your development # database when you run " rake " .
Do NOT set this db to the same as # " development " or " production " .
test : database : dashboard_test username : root password : encoding : utf8 adapter : mysql
# cd /opt / puppet - dashboard # rake install # rake RAILS_ENV =production db:create # rake RAILS_ENV =production db:migrate
Start up the Puppet Dashboard to see if it works
# /opt/puppet-dashboard/script/server =>
Booting WEBrick => Rails 2.3.5 application starting on http://0.0.0.0:3000 =>
Call with -d to detach =>
Ctrl - C to shutdown server [ 2011-03-07 09:24:49 ] INFO WEBrick 1.3.1 [ 2011-03-07 09:24:49 ] INFO ruby 1.8.5 ( 2006-08 - 25 ) [ x86_64 - linux ] [ 2011-03-07 09:24:50 ]
INFO WEBrick ::HTTPServer#start : pid=5235 port=3000 [ 2010-05-25 21:08:05 ]
INFO going to shutdown ... [ 2010-05-25 21:08:05 ]
INFO WEBrick ::HTTPServer #start done .
Exiting
# vi /etc/sysconfig / puppet
# The puppetmaster server PUPPET_SERVER=puppetmaster.how2centos.com #
If you wish to specify the port to connect to do so here # PUPPET_PORT=8140 #
Where to log to .
Specify syslog to send log messages to the system log .
PUPPET_LOG=/var/log/puppet/puppet.log #
You may specify other parameters to the puppet client here # PUPPET_EXTRA_OPTS=--waitforcert=500
Append the following line to the Puppet Master config : PUPPETMASTER_EXTRA_OPTS=” ––reports puppet_dashboard ”
# vi /etc/sysconfig / puppetmaster
# Location of the main manifest # PUPPETMASTER_MANIFEST=/etc/puppet/manifests/site.pp
#
Where to log general messages to .
# Specify syslog to send log messages to the system log .
# PUPPETMASTER_LOG=syslog #
You may specify an alternate port or an array of ports on which # puppetmaster should listen .
Default is : 8140 # If you specify more than one port , the puppetmaster ist automatically # started with the servertype set to mongrel .
This might be interesting # if you 'd like to run your puppetmaster in a loadbalanced cluster .
#
Please note : this wo n't setup nor start any loadbalancer .
#
If you 'd like to run puppetmaster with mongrel as servertype but only # on one ( specified ) port , you have to add -- servertype=mongrel to # PUPPETMASTER_EXTRA_OPTS .
# Default : Empty ( Puppetmaster is n't started with mongrel , nor on a # specific port ) # #
Please note :
Due to reduced options in the rc-functions lib in RHEL / Centos # versions prior to 5 , this feature wo n't work .
Fedora versions >= 8 are # known to work .
# PUPPETMASTER_PORTS= " " # Puppetmaster on a different port , run with standard webrick servertype # PUPPETMASTER_PORTS = " 8141 " #
Example with multiple ports which will start puppetmaster with mongrel # as a servertype # PUPPETMASTER_PORTS= ( 18140 18141 18142 18143 ) #
You may specify other parameters to the puppetmaster here # PUPPETMASTER_EXTRA_OPTS=--no-ca PUPPETMASTER_EXTRA_OPTS= " -- reports puppet_dashboard "
Append the following line to the Puppet Client config : report = true
# vi /etc / puppet/puppet.conf
[ main ] #
Where Puppet stores dynamic and growing data .
#
The default value is '/ var / puppet ' .
vardir = / var / lib / puppet # The Puppet log directory .
#
The default value is ' $ vardir / log ' .
logdir = / var / log / puppet #
Where Puppet PID files are kept .
#
The default value is ' $ vardir / run ' .
rundir = / var / run / puppet #
Where SSL certificates are kept .
#
The default value is ' $ confdir/ssl ' .
ssldir = $ vardir / ssl [ puppetd ] #
The file in which puppetd stores a list of the classes # associated with the retrieved configuratiion .
Can be loaded in # the separate ``puppet`` executable using the ``--loadclasses`` # option .
#
The default value is ' $ confdir/classes.txt ' .
classfile = $ vardir/classes.txt #
Where puppetd caches the local configuration .
An # extension indicating the cache format is added automatically .
#
The default value is ' $ confdir/localconfig ' .
localconfig = $ vardir / localconfig report = true
# mkdir -p /var/lib/puppet/lib/puppet/reports/ # cp /opt/puppet-dashboard/ext/puppet/puppet_dashboard.rb
/var/lib/puppet/lib/puppet/reports/
# service puppetmaster start # service puppet start # chkconfig puppet on # chkconfig puppetmaster on
# cd /opt / puppet - dashboard # rake reports : import ( in /opt/ puppet - dashboard )
Importing 0 reports from / var / lib / puppet / reports / Importing : 100 % |#############################################|
Time : 00:00:00 0 of 0 reports imported
# vi /etc/init.d/puppet-dashboard
#!/bin/bash # # chkconfig : 2345 80 05 # Description : Puppet Dashboard init.d script # Hacked by : How2CentOS - http://www.how2centos.com #
Get function from functions library .
/etc/init.d/ functions # Start the service Puppet Dashboard start ( ) { echo -n " Starting Puppet Dashboard : " /usr/bin/ruby /opt/puppet-dashboard/script/ server >/dev/null 2>&1 & ###
Create the lock file # ## touch / var / lock / subsys / puppetdb success $ " Puppet Dashboard startup " echo } # Restart the service Puppet Dashboard stop ( ) { echo -n " Stopping Puppet Dashboard : " kill - 9 `ps ax | grep " /usr/bin/ruby /opt/puppet -dashboard / script/ server " | grep -v grep | awk '{ print $ 1 }'` >/dev/null 2>&1 ###
Now , delete the lock file # ## rm -f / var / lock / subsys / puppetdb success $ " Puppet Dashboard shutdown " echo } # ## main logic # ## case " $ 1 " in start ) start ;; stop ) stop ;; status ) status Puppet DB ; ; restart|reload|condrestart ) stop start ;; *) echo $ " Usage : $ 0 { start|stop|restart|reload|status} " exit 1 esac exit 0
OHL Announces Disciplinary Action
April 1 , 2010 - Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) News Release
Toronto , ON - The Ontario Hockey League today announced the results of a review of an incident which occurred in a game played in Brampton on the 28th of March , 2010 involving the Battalion and the visiting Kingston Frontenacs Hockey Club .
The incident reviewed was a 5 minute major and game misconduct for checking from behind assessed to player Matt Clark of the Brampton Battalion Hockey Club with a resulting injury sustained to player Ethan Werek of the Frontenacs .
Based on such review , it is the position of the League that player Matt Clark shall be suspended four ( 4 ) playoff games .
• Discuss this story on the Ontario Hockey League message board ...
Ontario Hockey League Stories from April 1 , 2010
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it , and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff .
You 'll be able to ride the tall ships on Lake Michigan when they return to Chicago this summer .
Tall Ships Chicago 2010 organizers said more than 20 tall ships from around the world will appear at the event , last held in 2006 , including vessels from Canada , Germany and the Netherlands .
This year 's event , Aug. 24 - 29 , will for the first time allow the public to sail on some of the festival ships .
Ticket purchase is required .
" Previously , the most they could do is board the ship and look around , " said Jon Kaplan , director of public relations for the Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority , which owns and manages Navy Pier .
Four of the ships will offer 60 - and 90 - minute cruises , he said .
Mayor Richard Daley welcomed the return of the event during a news conference Friday at Navy Pier .
" This is really a celebration of our great history , " Daley said .
Besides the sailing experience , a special program for students has been added to this year 's event .
Young people will have the opportunity to spend time on the ships to mingle with the crews and learn about sailing ..
During the six - day event , there will also be a festival of international music , international food and nightly fireworks , Kaplan said .
Open Letter to the Israeli Ambassador to London .
His Excellency Mr Ron Prosor .
David Halpin , Founder : http:www,doveanddolphin.org.uk
Subject : URGENT
International law and the law of the seas URGENT
May 31 , 2010
Mr Prosor ,
" The images are certainly not pleasant .
I can only voice regret at all the fatalities , " he told Israel 's Army Radio .
( Press TV quote at 05.27 from Israeli Trade and Industry Minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer )
I am sure , as a surgeon , that the pictures will not be ' pleasant ' given use of the likely weaponry .
Were hollow tipped bullets used on some victims - as were used on Jean Charles de Menezes ?
Mr Prosor .
The entity which you represent has been able to continue in its barbarism since ' 48 , and indeed before ( the massacre in the King David Hotel being but one example ) only because a total immunity is provided by the western nations .
My own country of birth , Britain , is a leading apologist for the lawless and psychopathic behaviour of all those of all political stripes heading / who have headed the Zionist entity .
Time to stop smiling Mr Prosor , to hang your head in shame and plead forgiveness .
And Mr Hague and his FCO colleagues will need to do the same .
'' Regret ' ' is insufficient .
Unlawful threats were made and those should have been met with the strongest condemnation by all interested nations .
War crimes charges are likely and the 1957 Geneva Conventions Act UK remains extant .
David Halpin FRCS
PS an excerpt from a letter to the BBC yesterday :-
' Hannah Hass was being marched from a cattle train to the concentration camp of Bergen - Belsen on a summer 's day in 1944 .
" She and the other women had been 10 days in the train from Yugoslavia .
They were sick and some were dying .
Then my mother saw these German women looking at the prisoners , just looking .
This image became very formative in my upbringing , this despicable ' looking from the side ' .
It 's as if I was there and saw it myself . " ' ( 1 )
( 1) Amira Hass : Life Under Israeli Occupation .
By an Israeli Published on Sunday , August 26 , 2001 in the Independent .
By Robert Fisk ' Jewish journalist , Amira Hass , does n't merely report on the experiences of Palestinians on the West Bank .
She shares their lives '
The western nations , all too numerous , have ' looked from the side ' this week end but that will not be your defence Mr Prosor .
......
Dear Mr Prosor ,
I am receiving reports from several UK subjects on board the ships of the flotilla bound for Gaza .
This flotilla poses no threat to Israel and yet already , 90 miles off the coast , 3 Israeli ships have appeared .
Threats , previously made , have been repeated .
That is the ships will be boarded and taken under tow to Ashdod .
What is proposed by your state is outside all law .
And I happen to know that British Maritime Law from circa 1880 still obtains in Israel .
Threatening to board and seize civilian ships in international waters must be outside those maritime laws .
But above statute comes humanity .
Your people must surely be the first to shrink from impeding , or even worse harming , an humanitarian mission , a clear example from the Good Samaritan .
I ask you to call off your armed and powerful warships and leave the ships free for their peaceful purposes .
yours sincerely
David Halpin MB BS FRCS
TMZ has learned how the deal went down with Conan O'Brien , George Lopez and TBS , and Conan made it clear -- he did n't want anyone to endure the same shabby treatment he got at NBC .
Sources tell TMZ the idea of bringing Conan to TBS was hatched by Turner 's entertainment chief Steve Koonin .
We 're told Koonin went to George Lopez and said he would only approach Conan if George gave his blessing .
We 're told George immediately figured out that having Conan as an 11:00 PM lead - in would be nothing short of amazing for a midnight show .
With Lopez on board , we 're told Koonin then approached Conan with the idea .
Conan 's first reaction -- he did n't want to do to someone else what was done to him , referring to NBC 's decision to blindside Conan .
Koonin told Conan that George had signed off , but Conan wanted to make sure .
George then called Conan to reassure him he was on board and thought they would be great partners .
We 're told Koonin then began negotiations last week and the deal was done in days , even though the Fox deal was still alive .
As for why Conan chose TBS .... the average age of a " Lopez Tonight " viewer is 33 , decades younger than the other late - night shows .
TBS is the future ... so thought Conan .
Quarks exist in a soup of other quarks , antiquarks and gluons within a proton or neutron .
Determining their mass has been difficult due to the strong force that binds them together .
( Christine Davies / University of Glasgow )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A research group co-founded by Cornell physics professor G. Peter Lepage has calculated the mass of the three lightest and , therefore , most elusive quarks : up , down and strange .
Quarks , the elementary particles that make up protons and neutrons , have been notoriously difficult to nail down -- much less weigh -- until now .
A research group co-founded by Cornell physics professor G. Peter Lepage has calculated , with a razor - thin margin of error , the mass of the three lightest and , therefore , most elusive quarks : up , down and strange .
The work of Lepage , the Harold Tanner Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences , and collaborators from several international institutions , is published online ( March 31 ) and in print in Physical Review Letters ( Vol. 104:13 ) .
The findings reduce the uncertainty of the quark masses by 10 to 20 times down to a few percent .
Scientists have known the mass of a proton for almost a century , but getting the mass of the individual quarks inside has been an ongoing challenge .
The quarks are held together by the so - called strong force -- so powerful that it 's impossible to separate and study them .
They exist in a soup of other quarks , antiquarks and gluons , which are another type of particle .
To determine the quark masses , Lepage explained , it was necessary to fully understand the strong force .
They tackled the problem with large supercomputers that allowed them to simulate the behavior of quarks and gluons inside such particles as protons .
Quarks have an astonishingly wide range of masses .
The lightest is the up quark , which is 470 times lighter than a proton .
The heaviest , the t quark , is 180 times heavier than a proton -- or almost as heavy as an entire atom of lead .
" So why these huge ratios between masses ?
This is one of the big mysteries in theoretical physics right now , " Lepage said .
" Indeed it is unclear why quarks have mass at all . "
He added that the new Large Hadron Collider in Geneva was built to address this question .
According to their results , the up quark weighs approximately 2 mega electron volts ( MeV ) , which is a unit of energy , the down quark weighs approximately 4.8 MeV , and the strange quark weighs in at about 92 MeV .
Explore further Physicists plan quark conference
This morning , Foursquare made a subtle but significant change to each and every venue page that could have major implications for business owners : the addition of Facebook " Like " buttons .
Now Foursquare users can browse venues , " Like " them and instantly share that activity back with their Facebook friends .
Users ' liked venues will not only be shared on Facebook in the activity feed and visible on Foursquare , but will also become a part of their Facebook profiles .
It 's more free promotion that could help the most " Liked " venues attract significant offline foot traffic .
For users , the Like buttons also offer an immediate way to see which Facebook friends give a thumbs up to restaurants , coffee shops , bars and city attractions without having to dive into the venue tips .
Foursquare 's Head of Product , Alex Rainert , tells us that this is just the beginning and the company will monitor user adoption of the " Like " buttons to understand how best to further enhance Foursquare 's Facebook integration .
He says that Foursquare is primarily " thinking about other ways to leverage some of the new Facebook stuff in a way that is n't just this low hanging fruit functionality ... we wanted to get this going to start seeing how people use it . "
Foursquare joins more than 50,000 other websites that have integrated Facebook 's new social plugins since they were announced last month .
Check it out for yourself and let us know what you think in the comments .
[ hat tip : Vadim Lavrusik ]
[ img credit : Aidan Jones ]
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
| || ( Dagbladet ) : Togtrafikken går ifølge Jernbaneverket omtrent som normalt igjen etter avsporingen ved Oslo S i går .
Ingen kom til skade , men 75 personer måtte evakueres da et tog sporet av tre minutter etter at det hadde forlatt stasjonen .
- Et spor er fortsatt stengt .
Toget til Gjøvik er innstilt mellom Oslo S og Grefsen .
Det er satt opp buss i stedet for toget her , sier fungerende informasjonsdirektør i Jernbaneverket Ann-Kristin Endal til Dagbladet .
Slitte skinner
Den foreløpige analysen fra Jernbaneverkets egen uhellskommisjon , tyder på at jernbaneskinnene var årsaken til ulykken .
- Ifølge den foreløpig analysen så var det de gamle og slite svillene , alts å bjelkelaget mellom skinnen , som var årsaken .
Ulykken skjedde akkurat der sporet var i ferd med å veksle over .
På grunn av de nedslitte svinnene så har skinnene trolig gitt litt etter her , sier informasjonsdirektøren .
Jernbaneverket var kjent med at standarden på svillene var dårlig .
- Disse skulle byttes ut som en del av Oslo prosjektet i 2011 .
Vi var fullstendig klar over at de var modne for en oppgradering , sier hun .
Ristet
Toget kjørte i rundt 40 kilometer i timen da det sporet av ved Brynsbakken i Gamlebyen , like ved Oslo S klokka 19 i går .
- Det ristet veldig i togsettet og folk skvatt til .
Heldigvis holdt vi lav hastighet , fortalte passasjer Kim Granly Dagbladet i går .
Avsporingen kommer bare en drøy uke etter at tre personer ble drept da 16 godstogsvogner rullet fra Alnabru til Sjursøya .
Passasjerenes tålmodighet med Jerneverket og NSB er i tillegg tynnslitt etter en vinter med stadige forsinkelser .
- Har kontroll
- Ulykken på Skjursøya og denne avsporingen er helt atskilte hendelser som ikke har noe med hverandre å gjøre , presiserer direktør i Jernbaneverket Grete Myhre .
Havarikommisjonen har foreløpig ikke konkludert med hva som er årsaken til at passasjertoget sporet av i går , men ser ikke så alvorlig på hendelsen .
- Avsporinger er ikke så uvanlige .
Når vi ser på de avsporingene vi har hatt de siste årene så har de heller ikke ført til skader , så vi ser ikke så veldig alvorlig på dette , sier Myhre til Dagbladet .
Hun mener det fortsatt er trygt å ta toget i Norge .
- Jernbaneverket har kontroll selv om det av og til kan se skremmende ut , sier hun .
Here is some data on downloads of Haskell libraries and apps on Hackage , for the first quarter of 2010 .
Hackage is the central repository of open source Haskell libraries and tools .
Once they install the Haskell Platform , users get more libraries from Hackage , via “ cabal install ” .
Headlines
March was the most popular month for Hackage ever .
And we ’re closing in on 2000 packages , and 2 million “ cabal installs ” in the next month or so .
Totals
Total cabal packages : 1976 . (+ 256 in Q1 ) .
Total contributing developers : 533
90 day moving average : 11.5 packages per day uploaded ( up from 10.5 ) .
Total downloads from Hackage 2007 - present : 1.88 million ( up 350 k in Q1 )
Downloads in March 2010 : 145,752 ( new monthly record )
Top of the Pops
The top 15 most popular libraries in the first quarter were :
HTTP zlib parsec utf8 - string binary QuickCheck network Cabal haskell - src-exts mtl regex - base uniplate regex - posix X11 ghc- paths
Top 15 most popular applications in Q1 :
cabal - install xmonad cpphs haddock happy hscolour darcs alex pandoc hlint leksah yi agda texmath gitit
Honorable Mentions
The deepseq is in the top 20 packages of the year .
HaXml and HDBC remain the most popular xml and database libraries ( though xml - light is closing in )
wxHaskell is rising up , as the only cabal - installable major gui library
vector and text are quickly rising as the preferred arrays and unicode libraries
You can read all the Q1 data for your favorite packages , and ranked by Q1 popularity .
And for non-Haskellers , how does your favourite open source community compare ?
This laundry - folding robot may not find many fans at the local laundromat , but only because it takes so long in holding up each towel for scrutiny before folding .
Still , its fussiness speaks to a special care for laundry -- or painstaking programming routines -- that has won our hearts .
You see , folding is n't a chore for this robot .
It 's an art .
For six days , Lisa and John Hogan , and their 1 - year old son , Simon , have been stuck in London – waiting to board a flight home to Australia .
Although airspace opened Tuesday at some airports in some parts of Europe – in France , Germany , and the Netherlands , for example – British skies remained mostly closed , and this , compounded with the massive backlog of flights , means that the Hogans , like hundreds of thousands of others , are still stranded .
Every extra day in transit , complains Lisa , is costing them “ at least ” 300 dollars , money they can ill afford .
“ What I want to know ” says Lisa , is who is going to pay for all this ? ”
IN PICTURES : Iceland volcano
It ’s a question on many lips now .
With airline losses from the volcanic ash cloud now more than 1 billion dollars , several leaders of the airline industry are demanding compensation from their own governments or from the European Union .
They argue that the airlines were forced to comply with national edicts .
“ This is an unprecedented situation that is having a huge impact on customers and airlines alike , " British Airways chief executive Willie Walsh said to the Associated Press , making a case for compensation .
" We continue to offer as much support as we can to our customers , however , these are extraordinary circumstances that are beyond all airlines ' control . ”
Such compensation , continued Walsh , has a precedent – as money was paid to airlines after the closure of US airspace following the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
The Airports Council International ( ACI ) Europe echoes this argument .
ACI Europe director - general Olivier Jankovec said in a statement the impact on the aviation industry was “ devastating , ” and “ already worse than 9/11 . ”
With London among the first hubs shut down , and now , it would seem , one of the last to re-open , British Airways has taken the lead with claims for compensation , arguing it is losing as much as 20 million pounds ( $ 30 million ) per day , between the lost passenger and freight revenues and the need to support passengers trapped abroad .
In London Tuesday , airline executives met Britain 's transport secretary , Lord Adonis , to call for financial support and press the case for more say in future safety decisions on whether they should fly .
But neither Lord Adonis nor the EU has indicated that any government would be giving financial assistance to the industry at a time when budgets are still tight in the aftermath of the global recession .
EU avoids bailout issue
When EU transport ministers met Monday – via video conference , because they could not fly to actually sit down together – they shied away from the matter .
They stressed that they were looking for a “ European solution ” to the crisis , but the EU is composed of 27 separate airspaces and the decision to close or reopen airports lies only with national governments .
" Aerospace is national competence , not the commission giving orders , " EU Transport Commissioner Siim Kallas explained , adding that member states were working to coordinate their actions and allow flights to resume , volcano permitting .
The ministers agreed to establish three types of flying zones comprised of : no - go areas ; safe corridors where all flying is permitted ; and flight paths that contain ash but do not pose a danger .
Armed with reports from airlines that had carried out assessment flights and the latest data from Eurocontrol on the ash cloud movements , the EU ministers rejected claims that the response had been excessive , and stressed that safety remained the top priority and could not be compromised .
They did not respond to questions about compensation .
EU slow to respond ?
Meanwhile , the fact that it took until Monday for the transport ministers to even convene was causing an uproar .
The slow reaction reminded many Europeans of the lack of coordination between EU countries during other recent disasters , manmade and natural , such as the Greek economic crisis and the Haiti earthquake .
Dominique Bussereau , France 's transport minister , said he had urged EU president Spain to call a ministerial meeting immediately , but that Madrid dawdled .
" Naturally , it would have been better if it had taken place Sunday or Saturday , " admitted Bussereau .
An increasingly furious International Air Transport Association put out a statement from CEO Giovanni Bisignani raging at the lack of leadership .
" We are far enough into this crisis to express our dissatisfaction on how governments have managed it – with no risk assessment , no consultation , no co-ordination , and no leadership , ” he said .
" It 's embarrassing , and a European mess . …
It took five days to organize a conference call with the ministers of transport … .
Does it make sense ? "
As for the Hogans and other stranded passengers , the question of compensation is , in theory , easier to answer .
Under the EU 's passenger bill of rights , airlines who cancel their flights are obliged to refund travelers for the price of their ticket – or provide hotel , food , and other amenities until they are rerouted .
But whether or not this will actually happen remains unclear as passengers rarely need accommodation for more than a night , and many insurance companies do not cover airline or individual claims arising from " adverse weather conditions . "
IN PICTURES : Iceland volcano
The New Thought Police :
The NSA Wants to Know How You Think —
Maybe Even What You Think
by James Bamford
The National Security Agency ( NSA ) is developing a tool that George Orwell 's Thought Police might have found useful : an artificial intelligence system designed to gain insight into what people are thinking .
With the entire Internet and thousands of databases for a brain , the device will be able to respond almost instantaneously to complex questions posed by intelligence analysts .
As more and more data is collected — through phone calls , credit card receipts , social networks like Facebook and MySpace , GPS tracks , cell phone geolocation , Internet searches , Amazon book purchases , even E - Z Pass toll records — it may one day be possible to know not just where people are and what they are doing , but what and how they think .
The system is so potentially intrusive that at least one researcher has quit , citing concerns over the dangers in placing such a powerful weapon in the hands of a top - secret agency with little accountability .
Getting Aquaint
Known as Aquaint , which stands for " Advanced QUestion Answering for INTelligence , " the project was run for many years by John Prange , an NSA scientist at the Advanced Research and Development Activity .
Headquartered in Room 12A69 in the NSA 's Research and Engineering Building at 1 National Business Park , ARDA was set up by the agency to serve as a sort of intelligence community DARPA , the place where former Reagan national security advisor John Poindexter 's infamous Total Information Awareness project was born .
[ Editor 's note : TIA was a short - lived project founded in 2002 to apply information technology to counter terrorist and other threats to national security . ]
Later named the Disruptive Technology Office , ARDA has now morphed into the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity ( IARPA ) .
A sort of national laboratory for eavesdropping and other spycraft , IARPA will move into its new 120,000 - square - foot home in 2009 .
The building will be part of the new M Square Research Park in College Park , Maryland .
A mammoth two million - square - foot , 128 - acre complex , it is operated in collaboration with the University of Maryland .
" Their budget is classified , but I understand it 's very well funded , " said Brian Darmody , the University of Maryland 's assistant vice president of research and economic development , referring to IARPA .
" They 'll be in their own building here , and they 're going to grow .
Their mission is expanding . "
If IARPA is the spy world 's DARPA , Aquaint may be the reincarnation of Poindexter 's TIA .
After a briefing by NSA Director Michael Hayden , Vice President Dick Cheney , and CIA Director George Tenet of some of the NSA 's data mining programs in July 2003 , Senator Jay Rockefeller IV , the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , wrote a concerned letter to Cheney .
" As I reflected on the meeting today , " he said , " John Poindexter 's TIA project sprung to mind , exacerbating my concern regarding the direction the administration is moving with regard to security , technology , and surveillance . "
Building " Hal "
The original goal of Aquaint , which dates back to the 1990s , was simply to develop a sophisticated method of picking the right needles out of a vast haystack of information and coming up with the answer to a question .
As with TIA , many universities were invited to contribute brainpower to the project .
But in the aftermath of the attacks on 9/11 , with the creation of the NSA 's secret warrantless eavesdropping program and the buildup of massive databases , the project began taking on a more urgent tone .
" Think of 2001 : A Space Odyssey and the most memorable character , HAL 9000 .
We are building HAL . "
In a 2004 pilot project , a mass of data was gathered from news stories taken from the New York Times , the AP news wire , and the English portion of the Chinese Xinhua news wire covering 1998 to 2000 .
Then , 13 U.S. military intelligence analysts searched the data and came up with a number of scenarios based on the material .
Finally , using those scenarios , an NSA analyst developed 50 topics , and in each of those topics created a series of questions for Aquaint 's computerized brain to answer .
" Will the Japanese use force to defend the Senkakus ? " was one .
" What types of disputes or conflict between the PLA [ People 's Liberation Army ] and Hong Kong residents have been reported ? " was another .
And " Who were the participants in this spy ring , and how are they related to each other ? " was a third .
Since then , the NSA has attempted to build both on the complexity of the system — more essay - like answers rather than yes or no — and on attacking greater volumes of data .
" The technology behaves like a robot , understanding and answering complex questions , " said a former Aquaint researcher .
" Think of 2001 : A Space Odyssey and the most memorable character , HAL 9000 , having a conversation with David .
We are essentially building this system .
We are building HAL . "
A naturalized U.S. citizen who received her Ph.D. from Columbia , the researcher worked on the program for several years but eventually left due to moral concerns .
" The system can answer the question , ' What does X think about Y ? ' " she said .
" Working for the government is great , but I do n't like looking into other people 's secrets .
I am interested in helping people and helping physicians and patients for the quality of people 's lives . "
The researcher now focuses on developing similar search techniques for the medical community .
Thought policeman
A supersmart search engine , capable of answering complex questions such as " What were the major issues in the last 10 presidential elections ? " would be very useful for the public .
But that same capability in the hands of an agency like the NSA — absolutely secret , often above the law , resistant to oversight , and with access to petabytes of private information about Americans — could be a privacy and civil liberties nightmare .
" We must not forget that the ultimate goal is to transfer research results into operational use , " said Aquaint project leader John Prange , in charge of information exploitation for IARPA .
Once up and running , the database of old newspapers could quickly be expanded to include an inland sea of personal information scooped up by the agency 's warrantless data suction hoses .
Unregulated , they could ask it to determine which Americans might likely pose a security risk — or have sympathies toward a particular cause , such as the antiwar movement , as was done during the 1960s and 1970s .
The Aquaint robospy might then base its decision on the type of books a person purchased online , or chat room talk , or websites visited — or a similar combination of data .
Such a system would have an enormous chilling effect on everyone 's everyday activities — what will the Aquaint computer think if I buy this book , or go to that website , or make this comment ?
Will I be suspected of being a terrorist or a spy or a subversive ?
Controlling brain waves
Collecting information , however , has always been far less of a problem for the NSA than understanding it , and that means knowing the language .
To expand its linguistic capabilities , the agency established another new organization , the Center for Advanced Study of Language ( CASL ) , and housed it in a building near IARPA at the M Square Research Park .
But far from simply learning the meaning of foreign words , CASL , like Aquaint , attempts to find ways to get into someone 's mind and understand what he or she is thinking .
One area of study is to attempt to determine if people are lying simply by watching their behavior and listening to them speak .
According to one CASL document , " Many deception cues are difficult to identify , particularly when they are subtle , such as changes in verb tense or extremely brief facial expressions .
CASL researchers are studying these cues in detail with advanced measurement and statistical analysis techniques in order to recommend ways to identify deceptive cue combinations . "
Like something out of a B - grade sci- fi movie , CASL is even training employees to control their own brain waves .
Another area of focus explores the " growing need to work with foreign text that is incomplete , " such as partly deciphered messages or a corrupted hard drive or the intercept of only one side of a conversation .
The center is thus attempting to find ways to prod the agency 's cipher - brains to fill in the missing blanks .
" In response , " says the report , " CASL 's cognitive neuroscience team has been studying the cognitive basis of working memory 's capacity for filling in incomplete areas of text .
They have made significant headway in this research by using a powerful high - density electroencephalogram ( EEG ) machine acquired in 2006 . "
The effort is apparently directed at discovering what parts of the brain are used when very good cryptanalysts are able to guess correctly the missing words and phrases in a message .
Like something out of a B - grade sci- fi movie , CASL is even trying to turn dull minds into creative geniuses by training employees to control their own brain waves :
" The cognitive neuroscience team has also been researching divergent thinking : creative , innovative and flexible thinking valuable for language work .
They are exploring ways to improve divergent thinking using the EEG and neurobiological feedback .
A change in brain - wave activity is believed to be critical for generating creative ideas , so the team trains its subjects to change their brain - wave activity . "
Facebook did agree to develop its existing system for reporting abuse Calls for Facebook to place a " panic button " on its pages have received the support of 44 police chiefs in England , Wales and Scotland , it has emerged .
Police chiefs signed a letter backing the Child Exploitation and Online Protection ( Ceop ) centre , which wants the link on every page of the website .
Facebook said an existing link allowing users to report abuse will in future enable a report to be made to Ceop .
But Ceop said direct visible access to the button remained " unresolved " .
Ceop made public the letter signed by police chiefs - including Scotland Yard Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson - urging Facebook and other social networking sites to install the Ceop button .
The dispute comes after Peter Chapman , 33 , was last month jailed for killing Ashleigh Hall , 17 .
He made contact with her while using a false identity on the social networking site .
The BBC's home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said the move suggests the row between Ceop and Facebook is escalating .
He added : " Other independent child protection experts say it 's time to call an end to the dispute .
" They say that Facebook is relatively safe , and further damaging publicity could drive users to seek contact in more risky online environments . "
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Facebook had previously said it would not install a " panic button " on its main pages for users to report suspected paedophiles , but would develop its existing system .
Ceop 's director Jim Gamble has had a meeting in Washington DC with Facebook , which says it takes the issue seriously .
Richard Allan , Facebook 's head of policy in Europe , said the social networking site and Ceop had a " common agenda " on child safety on the internet .
He said the site had showed Mr Gamble " a series of measures which we think will meet the requirements that he has " .
He added : " We 're going to build into our reporting structure an ability for people who are in the United Kingdom with relevant reports to go directly to Ceop .
" There are some issues around the design and the way in which we do that that Jim put to us very forcefully but ... in order to change a website as fundamentally as he wishes us to do then that takes some time to work through . "
' Critical issue ' Mr Allan said that US - hosted sites such as Facebook already pass reports of abuse onto a similar organisation in the United States , which work with Ceop in the UK .
Facebook currently has a link , through which people can report abuse or concerns about other users to the website .
According to Mr Allan , the site has now agreed to allow another window to pop -up when that link is activated , which will allow those reporting abuse to be able also to make another report to Ceop .
Mr Gamble said he welcomed the fact that Facebook had " committed to improve the way they work with Ceop " .
But he added : " However the critical issue remains unresolved .
We believe that , without the deterrence provided by direct visible access to the Ceop button on each and every page , children will not be appropriately empowered , parents cannot be reassured and the offender will not be deterred . "
Ashleigh Hall , 17 , was lured by a man using a false identity on Facebook The " panic button " in question is already used by other websites , including Bebo .
Clicking on it takes people to a site that details how to handle cyberbullying , hacking , viruses , distressing material and inappropriate sexual behaviour .
Mr Gamble said the issue was an urgent one , especially after the murder of 17 - year - old student Ashleigh Hall in County Durham last October by Peter Chapman , a man she met via the site .
Last month Chapman , 33 , was jailed for at least 35 years for the killing .
The teenager had been raped , suffocated and her body dumped in a field near Sedgefield , County Durham , after agreeing to meet Chapman .
Earlier that month , she had been attracted by a picture of a young , bare - chested man that Chapman - calling himself Peter Cartwright - had posted on Facebook .
Facebook said it was " deeply saddened by the tragic death " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
' Creepy ' Google Street View accused of ' the single biggest privacy breach in history '
Google has been accused of ' the single biggest privacy breach in history ' after its Street View camera cars collected internet data from homes around the world .
Described as ' creepy ' , it is alleged to have deliberately snooped on unprotected wi-fi connections of computer users in Britain and elsewhere , including their emails .
Google is said to have amassed the information as its specially adapted cars drove around public places , filming them for its Street View website .
A Google Street View car pictured in Dublin .
An Australian senator has lambasted Google for collecting private information about people 's wireless internet connections
The controversial site allows viewers to see images of individual homes , shops , offices and pubs taken by a fleet of cars .
Google admitted this month that its Street View cars had spied on people 's internet use for three years , although it said the data was collected by mistake and was never used .
It said the vehicles ' special radio antennae had scooped up emails and other bits of information as they passed by .
However , Stephen Conroy , Australia 's minister for broadband , communications and the digital economy , has claimed at a Senate committee hearing that Google had collected the private information on purpose .
He accused it of acting as if it were above the law , adding : ' That is your personal data including , potentially , emails .
' Their response is simply , " Trust us " . '
Blaming the firm 's chief executive Eric Schmidt , he said : ' I think the approach taken by Mr Schmidt is a bit creepy , frankly .
' This has been worldwide .
Google takes the view that they can do anything they want .
It is possible that this has been the largest privacy breach in history across Western democracies .
' They consider that they are the appropriate people to make the decisions about people 's privacy data and that they are perfectly entitled to drive the streets and collect as much private information by photographing over fences and collecting data information . '
He told the hearing , which is discussing his plan for an internet filter in Australia , that Google deliberately wrote a computer code to gather the information , an allegation denied by the firm .
The UK Information Commissioner has told Google to delete the information , while Germany 's consumer protection watchdog said the internet giant had acted ' illegally ' .
Google refused to comment on Mr Conroy 's comments but , referring to the Street View row , a spokesman said : ' It was quite simply a mistake - a failure of communication between and within teams .
' In 2006 an engineer working on a WiFi project wrote a piece of code that sampled all categories of publicly broadcast WiFi data .
' A year later , when our mobile team launched a separate project to collect basic WiFi data using Google ’s Street View cars , they included that code in their software - even though the project leaders did not want , and had no intention of using , payload data . '
3 Comments
RSS feed for comments on this post .
Sorry , the comment form is closed at this time .
Dick Giordano , a comic book artist and former executive editor at DC Comics who helped revive longstanding comic book characters and reimagine them for new audiences , died on Saturday at the Memorial Medical Center in Daytona Beach , Fla .
He was 77 and lived in Palm Coast , Fla .
The cause was complications of treatment for leukemia , Pat Bastienne , a longtime friend and colleague , said in an e-mail message .
Image Dick Giordano holds a proclamation declaring “ Dick Giordano Day , ” at MegaCon in Orlando in 2007 .
Credit ... Rob Jones , via DC Comics
Mr. Giordano worked in the comic book industry for more than 40 years .
As an editor at DC , he oversaw projects that signaled a new level of maturity in the medium , including “ The Dark Knight Returns , ” about an aging Batman , and “ Watchmen , ” about heroes in a world on the brink of nuclear war .
During his tenure , DC Comics also introduced its first graphic novel collections , a format that has grown increasingly popular and profitable .
Well it looks like Virginia 's new Governor and his right wing Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli are turning out to be everything we expected of them .
As if McDonnell 's race baiting Confederate History Month proclamation was n't bad enough , he 's also decided that felons have to take a quasi- literacy test .
Someone please tell me there 's going to be a suit over this for violating the Voting Rights Act .
Bob McDonnell 's Next Target : Felon Voting Rights :
You can learn a lot about a political culture by how it approaches problems that do n’t actually exist .
For instance , while there 's little evidence to suggest that rehabilitated felons exert an undue influence on our political process , many states have made registering to vote into the rough equivalent of the Tri-Wizard Tournament .
If you 're a former felon living in Mississippi , for example , you have to convince both houses of the state legislature to pass a bill specifically granting you the right to vote in state and local elections .
Or , more likely , you wo n't even try — which is kind of the point .
In Virginia , felons can vote only with the approval of the governor .
But do n't worry , Virginia , because new Gov. Bob McDonnell is on the case .
From the Washington Post : McDonnell ( R ) will require the offenders to submit an essay outlining their contributions to society since their release , turning a nearly automatic process into a subjective one that some say may prevent poor , less - educated or minority residents from being allowed to vote .
And his Attorney General who 's suing over the Constitutionality of the health care bill is also going to be attending this little soiree at Liberty University .
Cuccinelli Confirmed For Freedom Federation 's " Awakening " Conference :
Today , Liberty Counsel put out a release confirming that " Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli is scheduled to speak at ' The Awakening 2010 ' on Thursday evening , April 15 at Liberty University in Lynchburg , VA . "
Cuccinelli will be joining a who's who of Religious Right leaders , including Andrea Lafferty , Wendy Wright , Richard Land , Tony Perkins , Kelly Shackelford , Ken Blackwell , Mat Staver , Rick Scarborough , Harry Jackson , Lou Engle , and even Cindy Jacobs .
Who is Cindy Jacobs , you ask ?
This is Cindy Jacobs :
That has to be one of the creepiest things I 've watched in a long time .
Rachel wrapped up her segment with this .
A local Ohio ordinance making it a crime for civilians to display bumper stickers of police organizations is unconstitutional , a federal judge says .
The First Amendment decision by U.S. District Judge Michael Barrett blocks the suburban Village of Lockland from enforcing the minor - misdemeanor statute , and comes after a nationwide scattering of similar decisions overturning ordinances forbidding citizens from wearing police and military garb .
The ordinance in question authorizes police to pull over drivers on suspicion that they were violating the bumper - sticker law , which reads : " No person who is not entitled to do so shall knowingly display on a motor vehicle the emblem of a local law enforcement agency or an organization of law enforcement officers . "
The legal challenge was brought by Jasir Singh , a 49 - year - old grocery owner in the Village of Lockland , a suburb of Cincinnati .
He was wearing a turban while driving a yellow Corvette through town in 2008 , when he was pulled over because his bumper displayed a silver - dollar - sized emblem of the Fraternal Order of Police .
" That 's harassment when you do n't break a traffic law and you get pulled over , and they tell you that the reason is a sticker you 're not supposed to have , " Singh said in a telephone interview Friday .
He testified that a friend on the Cincinnati Police Department gave him the emblem , which symbolizes a 325,000 - member fraternal order that calls itself " the voice of our nation 's law enforcement officers . "
The FOP , Lockland and the state of Ohio urged Judge Barrett to uphold the law , which carries a $ 100 fine for first - time offenders .
They said the statute was necessary because officers sometimes let down their guard when they pull over vehicles displaying police - related insignia .
" This statute , " the judge ruled , " does not further that interest and may actually put police officers in greater harm since it can not be known to the police officer who is actually driving a motor vehicle regardless of who the vehicle is registered to or what emblem is placed on it . "
See Also :
While I ’m on the topic of covert nocturnal uses of things found in laboratories , I should probably mention one which is not quite so covert .
It is , in point of fact , overt .
Very overt .
I ’m talking about liquid nitrogen ( LN2 ) bombs .
One of the classical definitions of bomb is a vessel which contains great internal pressures .
This is in contrast to a more modern definition of bomb which is a vessel which fails to contain great internal pressures ( usually created by some sort of chemical combustion ) which has as a positive result a satisfying boom , but the undesired byproducts include flying debris , third degree burns , broken bones , lacerations , property damage , death , criminal charges , wailing , and a gnashing of whatever teeth remain after taking a flying hubcap the to face .
The flying fragments occur because it is entropically favorable for the particles of explodium to evolve from the cramped and musty confines of the solid or liquid states and become Nature ’s free lovechildren that are gasses .
The fiery death occurs because it is enthalpicly favorable for this to occur as well .
It is possible to maximize the boom , but minimize the fiery death if the vessel is pressurized with an inert material through some sort of spontaneous process which does not release heat .
With that in mind , I refer you to the classical work on all subjects scientific : Real Genius .
Think of a sealed container as Dr. Hathaway ’s house , liquid nitrogen as an enormous Jiffy Pop , and the ambient heat which radiates off of everything as a 5 megawatt laser .
The laser hits the popcorn which as it expands begins to fill the house .
At some point the popped corn has filled the house yet more corn continues to pop and the house becomes a bomb .
However , since there is no combustion in this process , there is no enthalpic gain so when the explosion goes boom it flings delicious buttery popcorn everywhere , but not fire .
Liquid nitrogen is encountered in many laboratory settings where things must be made very cold very fast , or kept very cold because with a boiling point of - 196 C at 1 atm it has gone well past stick - your - face - to - a - flagpole cold and into a region where molecules are afraid to stir for fear that a serial killer will find them hiding under the bed .
Generally it is considered a poor idea to keep leftover liquid nitrogen around the lab because of its tendency to condense oxygen from the atmosphere ( see the previous section on exploding fiery death ) .
The traditional method of disposing of excess liquid nitrogen is to throw it on the floor , which also doubles as a spiffy method for collecting all the dust you were too lazy to sweep up into little pills which skitter around the floor like frightened rabbits .
But I hear you asking “ Would n’t it be nice to have a way of getting rid of excess nitrogen which would disrupt the hum - drum grind of daily lab affairs and possibly make someone poop their pants a little at the same time ? ” .
That way , my friends , is cryocrackers .
If you are slightly less sane , that way is cryocrackers and LN2 bombs .
Construction of a cryocracker is quite simple1 :
1 . Pour excess liquid nitrogen into an open container , such as a styrofoam cooler .
2. Obtain a polypropylene snap - top microfuge tube
3 . Bend the top so that it is roughly perpendicular to the opening ( this makes it easier to close when frozen )
4 . Using forceps ( if you ’re a pussy ) or your properly toughened chemist ’s hands ( if you ’re a real man ) , hold the body of the tube under the liquid until the bubbles stop ( exactly the way you ’ve dreamed of doing to that person who keeps stealing your glassware and not washing it )
5 . Pour out the majority of the nitrogen , leaving approximately 25 to 50 uL
6 . Snap the top closed and IMMEDIATELY throw it away from you .
Preferably under the chair of the lab mate who you ’ve suspected of stealing your glassware and not washing it
If properly constructed , cryocrackers provide a unique opportunity to study the glass transition point of polymers .
At room temperature , polypropylene tends to be a tough amorphous solid , capable of withstanding a fair degree of mechanical stress .
However , at low temperatures it becomes a brittle , glassy , amorphous solid which is less able to bear such stress .
The more nitrogen you use , the sooner the boom happens and anywhere within immediately and a few minutes of closing the cryocracker , the internal pressure will be too much for the now glassy polymer to bear , causing it to rupture and produce a satisfying * POP * noise .
See the image for a fuzzy cellphone picture of a normal microfuge tube , and the new and improved version next to it2 .
An LN2 bomb follows the same principals , but is executed on a grander scale .
Construction of an LN2 bomb is even simpler than that of a cryocracker :
3
1. Obtain a 20 oz .
polyethylene terephthalate beverage bottle with a screw - on cap .
Not a glass bottle .
If you use a glass bottle to do this you are a terrible person who will get everything they deserve .
2 . Go outside
3 . Fill approximately 1/5 full with excess liquid nitrogen
4 . Screw the top on firmly and IMMEDIATELY clear the area .
Its probably also a good idea to use ear protection
When this one goes off it is loud .
I mean “ holy crap the cops are going to come ” loud .
Being the East coast elitist liberal that I am I have never fired a .44 magnum , but those I know that have both fired one and heard a liquid nitrogen bomb go off say that the LN2 bomb is much , much louder .
And that is just with a 20 oz .
soda bottle .
I still have not worked up the stones to try this with a 2 L soda bottle .
You must , of course , only use this knowledge for good
1 My legal advisors , the law offices of Useyourbrain and Duh ( I think they ’re Dutch ) tell me that I need to add a legal disclaimer at this point .
You should not perform any of the actions mentioned herein .
They involve cryogenic liquids which cause frostbite , and result in sharp flying fragments which may damage your eyes , cause other injuries , or break valuable equipment .
Placing a cryocracker under a coworker ’s chair will probably result in some sort of disciplinary action , or the precipitation of a full on myocardial infarction for which you will be legally responsible .
Do not construct explosive devices and do not detonate explosive devices .
2 And imagine the sharp fragments of plastic flying through someone ’s cornea or smashing your most expensive piece of glassware , or lacerating the flesh of the person who has the authority to fire your ass
3 For the love of god and all that is holy do not do this .
You will be hauled off and charged under the Patriot Act .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
See how the Border Patrol is using the latest in technology to spot suspected illegal immigrants on " The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer , " today at 5 p.m. ET .
Fort Huachuca , Arizona ( CNN ) --
It 's a frigid , dark night in the mountainous border region of southeast Arizona .
A group of 31 suspected illegal immigrants are walking up and down rocky ridges toward Tucson , Arizona .
They 're wearing small backpacks and stop to rest every few minutes .
This is n't a scene unfolding before the eyes of Border Patrol agents on the ground .
It comes from a video image provided by a Predator B unmanned aircraft 19,000 feet overhead .
In fact , the nearest Border Patrol agents are far away .
Jerry Kersey is the Customs and Border Protection agent in charge of this night 's Predator mission .
He and his two - man crew relay the information to Border Patrol agents from a small trailer 40 miles from the scene .
Kersey directs the agents on the ground , who are wearing night - vision goggles .
" Stop ! Stop !
They 're to your right , " Kersey firmly dictates over a radio transmission .
" They must see you .
The group is running . "
Over radio headsets , you can hear the agents running through the rugged terrain .
" It makes them much more effective when we 're able to say , ' Hey , this is a group .
You need to come get these guys , ' " Kersey told CNN during a recent night mission .
It 's also the reason a growing chorus of lawmakers and politicians are calling on the office of Customs and Border Protection to dispatch more Predator aircraft to patrol the border regions .
Supporters of the idea say the Predator 's multimillion - dollar price tag -- the camera alone can cost more than $ 2 million -- is worth it .
The drone patrols remote areas of the border where ground agents do n't have consistent access .
" They can be very useful in providing eyes in the sky to make sure that we keep America safe , " said U.S. Rep.
Henry Cuellar , a Democrat representing the Texas border town of Laredo .
" This will be something that provides law enforcement extra support . "
Cuellar says he wants to see Predator aircraft help track down illegal immigrants and drug smugglers and provide intelligence on Mexican drug cartels operating along the border .
Right now , Predator aircraft monitor some border regions on a limited basis .
Customs and Border Protection says it has six of the unmanned aircraft :
There are three Predators in Arizona , two in North Dakota , and one is being tested for maritime anti-narcotics duty in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
The agency will get its seventh drone this spring .
That one is expected to go to Corpus Christi , Texas .
Right now , none of its drones fly over Texas , the agency said .
The pilotless Predator B can fly up to 240 knots ( 276 mph ) at altitudes up to 50,000 feet , according to the Customs and Border Protection Web site .
But there are questions about safety .
A federal government study reported that the Predator is prone to crashing .
" Serious safety and technical issues need to be addressed if the program is to be expanded domestically , " a May 2008 congressional report said . " ...
It is noted that UAVs [ unmanned aerial vehicles ] suffer accident rates up to hundreds of times higher than manned aircraft . "
In Arizona , since the drones started flying there in 2006 , one Predator has crashed because of pilot error and another had a hard landing that caused damage .
But David Gasho , the director of aviation operations at Fort Huachuca , says those problems have been worked out and the program is much safer now .
" When people 's lives and property are at risk , we do n't push the envelope , " Gasho told CNN .
" We 've actually started accumulating a pretty good safety record compared to a wartime picture . "
There are also logistical concerns in flying the aircraft all along the border regions .
The Department of Homeland Security would have to coordinate with the Federal Aviation Administration to make sure the drones do n't interfere with private and commercial aircraft .
And despite their high cost , the Predators do have limitations .
Just as Border Patrol agents moved in to capture the group of 31 suspected illegal immigrants , thick clouds moved over the mountains at the worst possible moment .
The Predator 's camera view of the scene was lost .
As ground agents asked for more directions to reach the running suspects , the agents controlling the Predator could no longer tell them where to go .
The Border Patrol did manage to capture 18 of the suspects , but 13 others got away .
Jerry Kersey cursed a little but took it in stride .
It 's part of the job .
" You got elements out there you can't control , " he said , but tomorrow is another day , and we 'll be right back at it , trying to get more . "
Crowdsourced knowledge repositories like Wikipedia are great for finding the answer to questions that are n't particularly urgent or critical , but their problems are legion , well - documented , and oft - lamented if you 're trying to use them for serious work — especially scholarly work .
Search engines are n't any better for scholars , because Google searches not only produce way too much information for even the most obscure topics , but they also do n't tell you which sources experts would consider really important .
It turns out that for certain topics , the crowds just are n't very wise , and algorithms even less so — in these situations there 's no substitute for old - fashioned expertise , but that expertise can be hard to come by if your professor 's office hours are booked solid .
Oxford University
Press thinks it has the answer , or at least a first shot at the answer , for these problems with the launch of what could fairly be called the Anti-Google : Oxford Bibliographies Online ( OBO ) .
The OBO tool is essentially a straightforward , hyperlinked collection of professionally - produced , peer - reviewed bibliographies in different subject areas — sort of a giant , interactive syllabus put together by OUP and teams of scholars in different disciplines .
Users can drill down to a specific bibliographic entry , which contains some descriptive text and a list of references that link to either Google Books or to a subscribing library 's own catalog entries , by either browsing or searching .
Each entry is written by a scholar working in the relevant field and vetted by a peer review process .
The idea is to alleviate the twin problems of Google - induced data overload , on the one hand , and Wikipedia - driven GIGO ( garbage in , garbage out ) , on the other .
" We did about 18 months of pretty intensive research with scholars and students and librarians to explore how their research practices were changing with the proliferation of online sources , " Damon Zucca , OUP ’s Executive Editor , Reference , told Ars .
" The one thing we heard over and over again is that people were drowning in scholarly information , and drowning in information in general .
So it takes twice as much time for people to begin their research . "
OBO grew out of that research , with the goal of helping scholars and students deal with information overload , possibly by skipping Google entirely .
The resulting bibliography is fairly simple and lean , which is exactly the point .
The messy and often politicized work of sorting and sifting the information has already been done for users , so that they can drill down directly to a list of the main publications in their target area .
" You can't come up with a search filter that solves the problem of information overload , " Zucca told Ars. OUP is betting that the solution to the problem lies in content , which is its area of expertise , and not in technology , which is Google 's and Microsoft's .
To trust OBO 's content , you have to trust its selection and vetting process .
To that end , OUP is making the list of contributing scholars and editors freely available .
Each subject area has an Editor in Chief who 's a top scholar in the field , and an editorial board of around 15 to 20 scholars .
The EIC and editorial board either write the bibliographic entries themselves , or they select other scholars to do the work .
The launch version of OBO covers only four subject areas : Classics , Islamic Studies , Social Work and Criminology .
But OUP has plans to add 10 - 12 new subject areas ( known as modules ) within the next year .
Each subject area contains between 50 and 100 individual entries , and that number should grow at the rate of about 50 to 75 entries per year .
To get an idea of what a section 's editorial board looks like , check out the " About " page for the Classics topic .
The EIC is Dee L. Clayman of CUNY , and the board consists of 17 of the top classics scholars in the field .
The topic has a total of 51 entries written by 38 different scholars .
Evaluations of each scholar 's work and worth will differ , but at least users can see exactly how the sausage is made .
Contrast this to Google or Bing , where the search algorithm that produces results is a closely guarded secret .
The word that Zucca used a number of times in our chat was " authority , " and OUP is betting that individual and institutional users will value the authority enough that they 'll be willing to pay for access to the service .
As of today 's launch , OBO is either $ 29.95 a month or $ 295.00 a year .
This pricing will be too steep to fit in most student budgets , so OUP is probably counting on generating most of its revenues from institutional subscribers .
This paywall is the only feature of OBO that seems truly unfortunate , given that the competition ( search and Wikipedia ) is free .
High school kids and motivated amateurs will be left slumming it with whatever they can get from the public Internet , and OBO 's potential reach and impact will be severely limited .
But even if a paywall is the only model that works for funding this kind of specialized content , at least it 's an improvement over what came before .
To illustrate what a growing number of literary scholars consider the most exciting area of new research , Lisa Zunshine , a professor of English at the University of Kentucky , refers to an episode from the TV series “ Friends . ”
( Follow closely now ; this is about the science of English . )
Phoebe and Rachel plot to play a joke on Monica and Chandler after they learn the two are secretly dating .
The couple discover the prank and try to turn the tables , but Phoebe realizes this turnabout and once again tries to outwit them .
As Phoebe tells Rachel , “ They do n’t know that we know they know we know . ”
This layered process of figuring out what someone else is thinking  of mind reading  is both a common literary device and an essential survival skill .
Why human beings are equipped with this capacity and what particular brain functions enable them to do it are questions that have occupied primarily cognitive psychologists .
Now English professors and graduate students are asking them too .
They say they ’re convinced science not only offers unexpected insights into individual texts , but that it may help to answer fundamental questions about literature ’s very existence :
Why do we read fiction ?
Why do we care so passionately about nonexistent characters ?
What underlying mental processes are activated when we read ?
Stephen Timms is expected to be sent home in the next few days Labour MP Stephen Timms is said to be " in good spirits " in hospital after being stabbed twice in the stomach by a woman at his constituency surgery .
The former treasury minister , 54 , was left covered in blood after the attack in Newham , east London , on Friday .
A spokesman for the Royal London Hospital said he was recovering well following an operation on stab wounds .
A 21 - year - old woman who was arrested at the scene is being questioned by police , who recovered a knife .
' Comfortable and resting '
The hospital spokeswoman said on Saturday : " Stephen Timms had surgery yesterday evening at the Royal London Hospital to repair his stab wounds .
" The operation went well .
He is comfortable and resting on a ward .
" It is anticipated that he will be discharged from hospital in the next few days to recuperate at home . "
It is understood one of the MP 's assistants , Andrew Bazeley , disarmed Mr Timms ' attacker before a security guard restrained her .
One witness at the surgery in Beckton Globe library said she saw East Ham MP Mr Timms being carried into a room wearing a bloodstained shirt .
Mayor of Newham Sir Robin Wales told BBC Radio 4 : " My understanding is that he did n't recognise her at all .
" Why do you stab somebody ?
You go in to see somebody who is trying to help people and you stab him .
Why do you do that ?
I think there are mental health issues .
" I can't imagine any other reason and if any other reason is given , it is still for me a mad thing to do . "
But while the incident has prompted a security review , MPs are being urged not to reduce their contact with the public .
Mr Timms was holding a surgery at a library at the time of the attack Sir Robin added : " It ca n't happen .
No MP could do that - if you cut yourself off from your constituency and your voters , what are you there for ?
" You need to talk to local people .
The elected representatives usually live in the community they represent .
" They have to talk to people , they have to be available to people .
People recognise them as they are walking down the street .
" Stephen is very popular and very well - known in the constituency . "
Newham Council said it was reviewing security arrangements following the attack .
A spokeswoman said : " Stephen is a popular MP , well - respected by local residents and we wish him a speedy recovery .
" Part of being a political representative is about being accessible and holding surgeries in community locations .
Sword attack " You can not vet people who attend such surgeries .
We have security at this centre but will review arrangements in light of this incident . "
Mr Timms , a former financial secretary to the Treasury , has regularly spoken out against knife crime in his constituency .
In 2000 , Liberal Democrat MP Nigel Jones was wounded and his aide Andrew Pennington was stabbed to death in a frenzied sword attack during a constituency surgery at the party 's office in Cheltenham , Gloucestershire .
Mr Jones , a married father - of - three , was conducting his weekly surgery when he received cuts to his hands and arms after fending off blows from Robert Ashman , who was later jailed for manslaughter and attempted murder .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK — Growing food in cities is n’t a new concept for the poor .
Rural farmers forced to migrate to urban areas in the developing world in search of work have long turned to their agricultural skills as a way of feeding themselves and their families when all else fails .
It is only recently that urban agriculture has garnered attention in the first world , something many attribute to the growing popularity and romanticizing of small - scale organic farming .
But in the pockets of poverty in the first world and developing cities alike , urban agriculture has more to do with public health and economic development than it does with environmental trendiness .
From Bogota to Milwaukee , Cape Town to Philadelphia , Nairobi to New Orleans , urban agriculture is earning a serious rep as a legitimate development strategy .
NGOs , municipal governments and grassroots community groups are increasingly integrating urban agriculture into policies and programs to combat the root causes of hunger and poverty in poor urban areas .
In the sprawling megalopolis of Sao Paulo , Brazil , I recently witnessed how a humble NGO is quietly transforming an entire region of the city by building micro-enterprises out of organic farms and gardens .
Sao Paulo is the world 's third largest metropolitan area , trailing only Tokyo and Mexico City in size .
In recent decades , Sao Paulo has grown at an alarming rate .
As big agribusinesses buy up land that has historically been used for subsistence agriculture , rural Brazilians — particularly those in the northeast — are displaced from their homes and forced to migrate toward cities , particularly those in the more prosperous southern part of the country .
But like many developing cities , Sao Paulo cannot accommodate its rapid expansion .
In the favelas ringing the city , crime , hunger , poor sanitation and high unemployment rates are daily threats to struggling residents .
Cidades Sem Fome ( CSF ) , which means Cities Without Hunger , is a Sao Paulo NGO that uses urban agriculture as a tool to address a number of the favelas ' health and social issues .
The idea is simple : use vacant land to put unemployed people to work by providing them a venue in which to use their agricultural skills .
Hans Dieter Temp , the founder and current director of CSF , was born in Mato Grosso do Sul to a farming family .
Growing up in agriculture , he traveled to Germany to pursue a university degree in politics and technical agricultural skills .
When I met Hans in Sao Paulo earlier this month , he took me on a tour that moved backward , from the point of consumption to the source .
Our first stop was a small market stall in one of the city 's most notorious favelas .
There , local residents hawked the produce from their gardens and those of neighboring favelas .
Locals came to stock up on collard greens , tomatoes , onions , peppers , herbs and a handful of crops unique to Brazil .
These are foods that are often hard to come by at favela groceries , and they provide necessary nutrients for preventing disease and malnutrition .
Next , we crossed the street to a large urban garden .
Neat rows of lovingly tended lettuce , herbs , cabbage , kale , dandelion greens and more spread across the red dirt .
A large compost pile sat decomposing aside a row of banana trees , and a chicken and duck coop bordered the garden on one side .
Community members — primarily women —
Hans explained to me , tend the rows .
By having work so close to their homes , they are able to stay nearby to their children , a welcome alternative to commuting more than two hours in choking traffic to work in the inner-city service industry .
In addition to a source of income , the garden has proved a catalyst of peacemaking in neighborhoods plagued by gang warfare and bitter ethnic divisions .
Hans relies upon his staff of four to help set up new gardens , but the training of new gardeners is the responsibility of community veterans .
In this way , communities build their capacity to provide for themselves , and the need for institutional assistance is minimized .
In addition , through the sharing of crops and recipes , barriers are softened and often broken down entirely , bringing a stronger sense of community and cooperation in the areas containing gardens .
Next ,
Hans drove us to his home , an airy apartment in a favela that he shares with his wife , young son and in - laws .
Most educated folks would balk at the idea of living among such dire poverty and notorious crime , but Hans understands that living in the community in which he works is vital to building trust and credibility among the population he aims to help .
The NGO 's flagship garden is located kitty - corner to his home , serving as a model that he can show to potential investors .
We chatted briefly with Carlito , who tends the small plot and vends the fruits of the harvest .
Pride in his work radiated from his beaming smile .
Our final stop was the demonstration site , several acres of productive farmland that are also home to three large greenhouses , a creek for irrigation , a seedling nursery , a pond soon to be used for raising carp and tilapia and a caretaker 's home .
The ripple effects of CSF 's work are numerous and widespread .
To name a few : nutrition improves ; neighborhoods become safer ; women acquire business skills ; air becomes cleaner ; and money circulates in poor communities .
Hans relies on public / private partnerships to sustain his work and he is finding that , increasingly , big businesses are eager to add a sustainability component to their philanthropic image .
As a result , much of the land used for the gardens is owned privately by some of Brazil 's largest companies .
Land above pipes or underneath powerlines that cannot be developed is fertile ground for agriculture projects .
For skeptics , there are numbers to prove CSF ’s success .
In only six years , Hans and his staff have set up 21 agriculture sites , providing income for more than 660 favela residents .
CSF 's determination to equip communities with the skills necessary to sustain the gardens on their own frees up the team to pursue new projects , adding to the prolific nature of their work .
Neither Hans nor I is naive enough to think that urban agriculture can become the sole source of food for metropolises like Sao Paulo , New York and Tokyo .
But we agree that it can become a vital component of sustainable urban development , simultaneously addressing a number of complex social , economic and health issues .
Agriculture is a universal language , connecting us all in the need to eat .
Thousands of miles from the gardens I tend in Brooklyn , as Hans and I harvested lettuce and kale in the heart of Sao Paulo , I found myself feeling right at home .
Sara Franklin is an independent food systems consultant and freelance writer .
Her work focuses on community health , rural - urban development channels , social justice and urban agriculture .
Comparisons across generations are always difficult but Di Stefano , Cruyff , Best , Pele and Maradona would all have admired Lionel Messi 's brilliance last night .
It was tempting , however , to wonder whether things might have been different had Arsène Wenger been able to call on a man-marker .
Unfortunately for the Arsenal manager he did not have the tools to do the job and Messi came short , went wide and ran beyond .
He found crazy freedom .
Arsenal needed a midfield stopper .
Maybe Messi's outstanding talent would have made a mockery of such a player .
Perhaps .
But by allowing the best footballer in the world to find space Arsenal were blown away .
In modern football the man - to - man marker is a dying breed as teams have collectively become so well organised defensively .
But it is possible to sacrifice one of your own players to take an opponent out of the game and accept a nine versus nine outfield situation .
José Mourinho will be ready for Barcelona 's talisman and my guess is that he will impose a jailer to stay on his toes and battle him physically .
He will also squeeze the space between his backline and middle line .
No doubt Messi will get out of jail but not as easily as he did against Arsenal .
One felt sorry for Wenger .
The Arsenal manager was shorn of key players but , in retrospect , the most important absentee was his midfielder Alex Song .
Nicklas Bendtner 's persistence gave Arsenal early false hope .
From then on Messi 's response was quite staggering .
Barcelona made a wide pitch even wider , with their full - backs hugging the touchlines and Sergio Busquets and Xavi Hernandez accepted the ball from defenders and threaded passes forward where Messi , never stationary , exploded .
With Bojan Krkic mainly forward in the first half , Messi ran deeper and across the width of the field , finding room without a man trailing him .
In the second half Barcelona preened themselves with bouts of possession for possession 's sake .
But when the explosion came it was traumatic for Arsenal and the catalyst and finisher supreme was Messi .
Occasionally we witness special players , and in the British game in recent times we have been blessed with people like Cantona , Bergkamp and Zola .
Messi belongs in the best company .
Just do not expect him to have the chance to enjoy himself as much against Internazionale .
by
Microsoft ’s SONGO mobile search architecture shall make your real - time search easier and faster with the search ‘ on the go ’ function
SONGO mobile cache architecture enables users to search the web instantly and access information ( personal files , search results , local businesses , ads , etc. ) across all of their devices ( phone , PC , cloud , etc. ) from their smartphones .
Overview of the SONGO web search cache architecture
SONGO in action : real - time web search results
SONGO in action : real time business lookups .
images via Research Microsoft
At the TechFest 2010 event , which is this year ’s version of Microsoft Research annual show - and - tell event Microsoft could announce more information about SONGO mobile web caching architecture ( cached ) according to Mary Jo Foley via ZDNet
US Fed chief demands austerity plan
By Barry Grey
15 April 2010
In testimony Wednesday before the Joint Economic Committee of Congress , Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke made a pointed call for the Obama administration and Congress to quickly adopt a plan for austerity measures to reduce soaring deficits .
The Fed chief underscored his demand for austerity policies by concluding his opening remarks with a section on fiscal policy , in which he said “ the confidence of the public and financial markets requires that policymakers move decisively to set the federal budget on a trajectory toward sustainable financial balance . ”
He stressed that agreeing to a plan to rein in federal deficits and the public debt would have short - term as well as long - term benefits , arguing that such a plan would immediately encourage lower long - term interest rates .
While Bernanke was deliberately vague about what such an austerity plan should consist of , he said it would “ require difficult choices ” — a euphemism for major cuts in social programs .
Last week in a speech in Dallas , Bernanke warned of the fiscal implications of the aging of the US population , strongly suggesting that he favors major cuts in entitlement programs for the elderly such as Social Security and Medicare .
This is in line with the policies of the Obama administration , which has set up a bipartisan deficit commission to recommend reductions in spending for Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid , as well as possible tax increases .
Bernanke reiterated his call for austerity in an exchange with Republican Senator Sam Brownback .
Warning that the government ’s debts and deficits could undermine investor confidence and raise the cost of US borrowing , he said , “ At some point , the markets will make a judgment about really not our economic capacity , but our political ability , our political will , to achieve longer - term sustainability .
At that point interest rates could go up … ”
When Brownback asked if that could happen now , Bernanke replied , “ It ’s absolutely possible , certainly . ”
Later , Bernanke told Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar that the markets presently were “ signaling a lot of confidence that our political system will deliver a sustainable trajectory of fiscal policy . ”
However , he continued , “ If we do n’t do it , or we give a strong indication that we ’re not going to be able to do it , then it would not be something we have to worry about in 2040 ; it could be something we have to worry about on Wednesday . ”
Translated from central bank jargon into plain English , this means that the political system has to agree on massively unpopular cuts that will have severe consequences for the living standards of tens of millions of people .
Bernanke warned that the ratio of US public debt to gross domestic product , presently projected to soar to 70 percent by the end of fiscal 2012 , could go above 100 percent by 2020 .
He omitted to note that a key reason for the explosive growth of the national debt is the multi-trillion - dollar bailout of the banks .
The Fed chairman claimed that the US was undergoing a “ moderate ” economic recovery , but indicated unemployment would remain extremely high for an extended period .
He said it would take “ a significant amount of time ” to “ restore the 8.5 million jobs that were lost during the past two years . ”
He also noted that while bank profits continued to rise , their lending to both households and businesses continued to fall .
In response to a question from Democratic Senator Charles Schumer , a leading advocate of trade war measures against China , Bernanke made his most direct criticism to date of Beijing ’s currency policy .
He told Schumer that “ most economists agree the Chinese currency is undervalued and has been used to promote a more export - oriented economy . ”
He added , “ I think it would be good for the Chinese to allow more flexibility in their exchange rate . ”
Gourmet grilled cheese .
Legendary craft beer selection .
An unforgettable family dining experience !
Melt Bar and Grilled has a simple mission :
To provide the world ’s best gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches and the largest variety of quality craft beer in a cool and comfortable environment .
Melt ’s atmosphere is relaxing , energetic , and fun .
The menu has many favorites but is continually being updated .
Delicious monthly specials ensure there are always new items to try and a wide - ranging and constantly - changing selection of beers is diverse enough to keep even the most discriminating beer connoisseur delighted .
Where the humble grilled cheese sandwich is treated like royalty !
Melt Bar and Grilled was created in 2006 by owner / founder Matt Fish with the goal of providing gourmet comfort food based on his lifelong appreciation for the unassuming grilled cheese sandwich .
“ It ’s simple , it ’s good , it ’s delicious , ” he says .
Every Melt Bar and Grilled boasts an incredible array of local photography , sports memorabilia , fascinating and hypnotizing murals , local art and videos ranging from sporting events to musical performances and cartoons .
Eating at Melt is an experience that delights all five senses .
Its must - try gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches have been profiled in USA Today , ESPN The Magazine , The Boston Globe as well as on The Food Network ’s “ Diners , Drive-ins and Dives ” and “ The Best Thing I Ever Ate . ”
A memory of childhood – gourmet comfort food .
That ’s Melt Bar and Grilled .
Read More
Daylight saving time begins at 2 a.m. ET
Sunday , so do n’t forget to set your clocks ahead by an hour before you go to bed Saturday night .
You lose an hour of sleep and you have Ben Franklin to blame .
This from a 2007 CNN report :
Franklin is thought to have come up with the idea for daylight saving time .
In a whimsical letter to a French journal , he said that Parisians could save thousands of francs a years by waking up earlier during the summer because it would prevent them from having to buy so many candles to light the evening hours .
In the past , daylight saving time began in April and ended in October .
However , an energy bill signed by President George W. Bush on August 8 , 2005 , extended daylight saving time as part of a long - term solution to the nation 's energy problems .
The new law extended daylight saving time by four weeks ­– beginning three weeks earlier and ending one week later .
In the United States , Hawaii and most of Arizona do not follow daylight saving time .
The U.S. territories of Guam , Puerto Rico , Virgin Islands and American Samoa also do not observe daylight saving time .
Ever wonder what high - level national leaders talk about in private ?
According to a forthcoming book obtained by ABC News , French first lady Carla Bruni-Sarkozy once told U.S. counterpart Michelle Obama a story that lends a whole new meaning to the term ' international relations . '
Bruni-Sarkozy said she and French President Nicolas Sarkozy once kept an unnamed head of state waiting while they had sex , the book says .
" Bruni wanted to know if , like the Sarkozys , Michelle and the President had ever kept anyone waiting that way , " author Jonathan Alter writes .
" Michelle laughed nervously and said no . "
Alter 's book -- The Promise : President Obama , Year One -- is to be released next week .
( Posted by David Jackson )
Kagame , progressive and repressive
THE government of Rwanda is doing a lot of things right .
It is pretty open in its handling of aid money .
Most foreign governments and charities are so impressed by its detailed plans and apparent lack of corruption that they are funnelling more of their aid directly through Rwanda 's government .
President Paul Kagame says he expects direct budget support to rise by a quarter this year , to $ 519 m .
The country has recovered valiantly from its year zero in 1994 , when 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus were slaughtered .
Its centralised state is leading the way in economic and technological reform in the region .
It is improving the country 's infrastructure , education and farming , and seeks to preserve its ecology .
It pushes equality for women , who comprise half the government and parliament .
On the diplomatic front , Mr Kagame has been equally successful .
He has sent troops to help keep the peace in Sudan 's Darfur province and elsewhere .
He has stood up to mighty France , blaming it , as the region 's then most influential Western power , for failing to prevent the genocide .
And last month the French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , came to Rwanda and offered something close to an apology .
France , he said , had committed “ grave errors of judgment ” before , during , and after the genocide .
Questions linger about the role of French special forces during the killing , as well as the fate of Hutus living in France whom Rwanda wants extradited on suspicion of involvement in the genocide .
France , for its part , has not dropped charges against some members of Mr Kagame 's government who are alleged to have ordered the shooting down of a French aircraft carrying Rwanda 's then president , Juvénal Habyarimana , a Hutu ; that action triggered the genocide .
Yet both countries now appear more at ease with each other .
Days after Mr Sarkozy 's visit , Mr Habyarimana 's widow , Agathe , was arrested near Paris ( and then freed on bail ) for questioning over her alleged role in the genocide .
French businessmen came in Mr Sarkozy 's slipstream , eyeing minerals and timber in neighbouring Congo , for which Rwanda is a conduit .
“ There is no doubt this is a reconciliation , ” says a Rwandan government figure .
Yet awkward question - marks hang over Mr Kagame and his ruling Rwandan Patriotic Front .
The president 's detractors say his party has not owned up to killing thousands of civilians immediately after the genocide or to responsibility for causing much bloodshed in Congo , which it invaded in order to hunt down the génocidaires who had fled there .
The Congolese government , it may be noted , has co-operated with the Rwandans in their more recent incursions into Congo .
Mr Kagame and his government are stifling political and press freedom in advance of a presidential election due in August .
He is almost certain to win but evidently he is determined to secure a big majority to implement his “ one Rwanda ” policies .
Opposition parties have been forbidden to “ use words or facts that defame other politicians ” .
In practice , the government can label any criticism against it as “ divisionism ” , which entitles it to lock up the offenders .
Members of the opposition say they are spied on and bullied .
It is unclear whether the government will let the Democratic Green Party , a feisty new opposition group , be registered .
If not , the Greens say they will back another lot , the Socialist Party - Imberakuri , which should be able to run a presidential candidate .
The head of a third opposition party , the United Democratic Forces - Inkingi , Victoire Ingabire , says she has been vilified since returning from exile in January .
The government , she says , has encouraged people to assault her , accusing her of being a génocidaire .
This week a former military intelligence chief , Kayumba Nyamwasa , who was reported to have joined the Greens , fled Rwanda and is said to be claiming asylum in South Africa .
The government says he is wanted on criminal charges — presumably divisionism .
Human capital and China
By Ezra Klein
Matthew Yglesias posted last night about our tour guide at the Forbidden City : A guy with a curious accent ( Australian ?
Scottish ? ) who , it turned out , had " learned English from a native Chinese speaker who himself had learned from a native Chinese speaker who in turn had learned from a guy from Leeds in the UK . "
As Matt notes , this was n't just a wacky story of language acquisition : China has made English classes a major priority .
But what 's striking about Shanghai and Beijing is that few people -- even in the hotels that cater to Westerners -- actually speak much English .
Or even a bit of English .
It 's a noticeable difference from other major cities ( like Rio de Janeiro ) where English is not the native tongue , but there 's nevertheless a longer experience with it .
The reason for this is that there 's no one to teach English to a nation of 1.3 billion .
The people who are proficient in both Chinese and English have better job opportunities than public school teacher .
So you 've got a lot of English classes , but fairly few English teachers , and so not much in the way of English proficiency .
Maybe computer software will eventually make up the gap , but settling on a program and rolling it out across the country is a major project .
I spent some time tonight with some ex-pats who run a small company trying to spread Western educational techniques .
Their argument was that the quality of China 's schools was , even more so than in the United States , dependent on the quality of China 's teachers .
Competing in the new Chinese economy does n't mean learning about as much as the average person in your town , as it does in much of America .
Instead , it means learning way more than the previous few generations , as the 20th Century saw a razing of China 's human capital .
In practice , that means learning up to the educational level of your teachers , as your parents and neighbors wo n't be able to compensate for their failings the way they can in America .
But how many good teachers are there ?
For that matter , how many good teachers can there be in a country where there 's enormous demand paying Western - influenced prices for the most skilled and educated workers ?
This is the big difficulty as China tries to transition from an economy based mainly on cheap labor to one powered by innovation and knowledge industries .
The country has enough humans to do it .
What they need is the human capital .
But it 's hard to go from having few workers ready to participate in the global economy to having a lot of workers ready to lead it .
The hope is that the foreign firms will provide a kind of secondary schooling for China 's workforce , giving employees skills and perspectives that will allow them to strike out on their own .
But the foreign firms are still mainly using China for cheap , low - skill labor , and that translates into a much slower form of economic advancement .
China 's offering a lot of incentives for foreign investors who want more than that , but they do n't have the natural advantages in that area that they had when it came to offering a massive labor force .
Personal Quote :
As a conservative , I do n't do a lot of talking with my fellow workers about politics .
The business is - I do n't want to say " infested " but I will - with a lot of liberal - minded people .
So when I go to work , I do my job .
Away from work , I have a very wonderful group of like - minded friends and we gather and we share values and we get along great .
And although the 2008 world champion did not go so far as to say they have had a row , it appears the strain is taking its toll , with Anthony understood to be upset .
NEW YORK -- Given a chance to take part in the 2011 All - Star game at Arizona , Ozzie Guillen insists he wo n't go .
" I would n't do it , " the Chicago White Sox manager said Friday .
" As a Latin American , it 's natural that I have to support our own . "
Guillen joined a growing chorus of opposition to Arizona 's new law that empowers police to determine a person 's immigration status .
The state is home to all four major team sports , hosts half the clubs in spring training and holds top events in NASCAR , golf and tennis .
The Major League Baseball players ' union issued a statement condemning the law .
A congressman whose district includes Yankee Stadium wrote a letter to baseball commissioner Bud Selig urging him to pull the All - Star game from Phoenix .
The World Boxing Council took a step to limit fights in Arizona .
" It 's a bad thing , " said Baltimore shortstop Cesar Izturis , born in Venezuela .
" Now they 're going to go after everybody , not just the people behind the wall .
Now they 're going to come out on the street .
What if you 're walking on the street with your family and kids ?
They 're going to go after you . "
With more than one - quarter of big leaguers on opening - day rosters were born outside the 50 states , most of them from Hispanic descent .
" These international players are very much a part of our national pastime , " MLB union head Michael Weiner said .
" Each of them must be ready to prove , at any time , his identity and the legality of his being in Arizona to any state or local official with suspicion of his immigration status . "
Weiner said that if the law is not repealed or modified , the union would consider " additional steps . "
A day earlier , WBC president Jose Sulaiman said its sanctioning body unanimously agreed it will not authorize Mexican boxers to fight in Arizona .
" Great figures of boxing have fought in Arizona , boxers such as Julio Cesar Chavez , Salvador Sanchez , Konstantin Tszyu , ' Coloradito ' Lopez and many , many others , " said Sulaiman , who is based in Mexico City .
" The WBC will not allow that in boxing , athletes are exposed to suffer that degrading act , humiliating and inhumane , as racial discrimination is . "
MLB , the NFL and the NBA declined comment on the law .
The BCS national championship game will be played next January in Glendale , Ariz. , shortly after the city hosts the Fiesta Bowl .
" The recent Arizona immigration legislation is obviously a matter of great public concern , " the Fiesta Bowl said in a statement Friday .
" While this matter may ultimately be resolved in a court of law or in the court of public opinion , we are certain that it will not be resolved on the fields of college football . "
Rep. Jose Serrano , D - N.Y. , sent a letter Thursday night to Selig , asking him to take next year 's All - Star game out of Arizona .
Calling the law " extremist " and " discriminatory , " the congressman wrote : The All - Star game is now not just a display of baseball 's best talent , but is also a display of the global reach of the game .
It is at odds with the reality of the modern game to hold such a prestigious event in a state that would not welcome those same players if they did not play our national pastime . "
Arizona Diamondbacks managing general partner Ken Kendrick said " this whole situation is sad and disappointing . "
" We believe the federal government should act swiftly to address the immigration issue once and for all , " he said in a statement .
Said Cleveland Indians coach Sandy Alomar Jr. , whose team trains in Goodyear , Ariz . : " Certainly I am against profiling any race and having sterotypes , but at the same time my feeling is what does baseball have to do with politics ?
Let the politicians stay in politics and the baseball players play baseball . "
Guillen , from Venezuela , became an American citizen in 2006 .
He said players should consider boycotting baseball in Arizona , adding , " I plead sportsmen to join on this . "
The White Sox hold spring training in suburban Phoenix .
Guillen said he hoped MLB would take a strong stance on the immigration law .
" They have to .
They have a team in Arizona , " he said .
" There is a concern for baseball players to go out there , of course , and we 've got to support those people . "
Is Iran Really a Threat ?
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said publicly that Iran “ does n't directly threaten the United States . ”
Her momentary lapse came while answering a question at the U.S. - Islamic World Forum in Doha , Qatar , on Feb. 14 . Email
Printer friendly Fortunately for her , most of her Fawning Corporate Media ( FCM ) fellow travelers must have been either jet - lagged or sunning themselves poolside when she made her unusual admission .
And those who were present did Clinton the favor of disappearing her gaffe and ignoring its significance .
( All one happy traveling family , you know . )
But she said it : it ’s on the State Department Web site .
Those who had been poolside could even have read the text after showering .
They might have recognized a real story there — but , granted , it was one so off - message that it would probably not we welcomed by editors back home .
In a rambling comment , Clinton had lamented that , despite President Barack Obama ’s reaching out to the Iranian leaders , he had elicited no sign they were willing to engage : “ Part of the goal -- not the only goal , but part of the goal -- that we were pursuing was to try to influence the Iranian decision regarding whether or not to pursue a nuclear weapon .
And , as I said in my speech , you know , the evidence is accumulating that that [ pursuing a nuclear weapon ] is exactly what they are trying to do , which is deeply concerning , because it does n't directly threaten the United States , but it directly threatens a lot of our friends , allies , and partners here in this region and beyond . ” ( Emphasis added ) Qatar Afraid ?
Not So Much
The moderator turned to Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Al - Thani and invited him to give his perspective on “ the danger that the Secretary just alluded to …if Iran gets the bomb . ”
Al - Thani pointed to Iran ’s “ official answer ” that it is not seeking to have a nuclear bomb ; instead , the Iranians “ explain to us that their intention is to use these facilities for their peaceful reactors for electricity and medical use …
“ We have good relations with Iran , ” he added .
“ And we have continuous dialogue with the Iranians . ”
The prime minister added , “ the best thing for this problem is a direct dialogue between the United States and Iran , ” and “ dialogue through messenger is not good . ”
Al - Thani stressed that , “ For a small country , stability and peace are very important , ” and intimated — diplomatically but clearly — that he was at least as afraid of what Israel and the U.S. might do , as what Iran might do .
All right .
Secretary Clinton concedes that Iran does not directly threaten the United States ; so who are these “ friends ” to whom she refers ?
First and foremost , Israel , of course .
How often have we heard the Israelis say they would consider nuclear weapons in Iran ’s hands an “ existential ” threat ?
But let ’s try a reality check .
Former French President Jacques Chirac is perhaps the best - known statesman to hold up to ridicule the notion that Israel , with between 200 and 300 nuclear weapons in its arsenal , would consider Iran ’s possession of a nuclear bomb an existential threat .
In a recorded interview with the New York Times , the International Herald Tribune , and Le Nouvel Observateur , on Jan. 29 , 2007 , Chirac put it this way : “ Where will it drop it , this bomb ?
On Israel ? ” Chirac asked .
“ It would not have gone 200 meters into the atmosphere before Tehran would be razed . ”
Thus , Iran ’s possession of a nuclear bomb would not be “ very dangerous . ”
Chirac and a Hard Place Soon , the former French president found himself caught between Chirac and a hard place .
He was immediately forced to retract , but did so in what seemed to be so clumsy a way as to deliberately demonstrate that his initial candor was spot on .
On Jan. 30 , Chirac told the New York Times : “ I should rather have paid attention to what I was saying and understood that perhaps I was on record . …
I do n’t think I spoke about Israel yesterday .
Maybe I did so , but I do n’t think so .
I have no recollection of that . ”
The Israeli leaders must have been laughing up their sleeve at that .
Their continued ability to intimidate presidents of other countries — including President Barack Obama — is truly remarkable , particularly when it comes to helping to keep Israel ’s precious “ secret , ” that it possesses one of the world ’s most sophisticated nuclear arsenals .
Shortly after Obama became U.S. President , veteran reporter Helen Thomas asked him if he knew of any country in the Middle East that has nuclear weapons , and Obama awkwardly responded that he did n't want to “ speculate . ”
On April 13 , 2010 , Obama looked like a deer caught in the headlights when the Washington Post ’s Scott Wilson , taking a leaf out of Helen Thomas ’ book , asked him if he would “ call on Israel to declare its nuclear program and sign the Non-Proliferation Treaty . ”
Watch the video , unless you have no stomach for watching our normally articulate President stutter his way through with a mini- filibuster answer , the highlight of which was , “ And , as far as Israel goes , I ’m not going to comment on their program … ”
The following day the Jerusalem Post smirked , “ President Dodges Question About Israel ’s Nuclear Program . ”
The article continued : “ Obama took a few seconds to formulate his response , but quickly took the weight off Israel and called on all countries to abide by the NPT . ”
The Jerusalem Post added that Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak chose that same day to send a clear message “ also to those who are our friends and allies , ” that Israel will not be pressured into signing the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
( Also the following day , the Washington Post made no reference to the question from its own reporter or Obama ’s stumbling non-answer .
For more on U.S. politicians dodging this question , click here . )
Consistent Obsequiousness
In his response to Scott Wilson , Obama felt it necessary to tack on the observation that his words regarding the NPT represented the “ consistent policy ” of prior U.S. administrations , presumably to avert any adverse reaction from the Likud Lobby to even the slightest suggestion that Obama might be ratcheting up , even a notch or two , any pressure on Israel to acknowledge its nuclear arsenal and sign the NPT .
The greatest consistency to the policy , however , has been the U.S. obsequiousness to this double standard .
Clearly , Washington and the FCM find it easier to draw black - and - white distinctions between noble Israel and evil Iran if there ’s no acknowledgement that Israel already has nukes and Iran has disavowed any intention of getting them .
This never - ending hypocrisy shows itself in various telling ways .
I am reminded of an early Sunday morning talk show over five years ago at which Sen. Richard Lugar , then chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , was asked why Iran would think it has to acquire nuclear weapons .
Perhaps Lugar had not yet had his morning coffee , because he almost blew it with his answer : “ Well , you know , Israel has … ” Oops .
At that point he caught himself and abruptly stopped .
The pause was embarrassing , but he then recovered and tried to limit the damage .
Aware that he could not simply leave the words “ Israel has ” twisting in the wind , Lugar began again : “ Well , Israel is alleged to have a nuclear capability . ”
Is “ alleged ” to have ?
Lugar was chair of the Foreign Relations Committee from 1985 to 1987 ; and then again from 2003 to 2007 .
No one told him that Israel has nuclear weapons ?
But , of course , he did know , but he also knew that U.S. policy on disclosure of this “ secret ” – over four decades -- has been to protect Israel ’s nuclear “ ambiguity . ”
Small wonder that our most senior officials and lawmakers — and Lugar , remember , is one of the more honest among them — are widely seen as hypocritical , the word Scott Wilson used to frame his question .
The Fawning Corporate Media , of course , ignores this hypocrisy , which is their standard operating procedure when the word “ Israel ” is spoken in unflattering contexts .
But the Iranians , Syrians and others in the Middle East pay closer attention .
Obama Overachieving
As for Obama , the die was cast during the presidential campaign when , on June 3 , 2008 , in the obligatory appearance before the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , he threw raw red meat to the Likud Lobby .
Someone wrote into his speech : “ Jerusalem will remain the capital of Israel and it must remain undivided . ”
This obsequious gesture went well beyond the policy of prior U.S. administrations on this highly sensitive issue , and Obama had to backtrack two days later .
" Well , obviously , it 's going to be up to the parties to negotiate a range of these issues .
And Jerusalem will be part of those negotiations , " Obama said when asked if he was saying the Palestinians had no future claim to the city .
The person who inserted the offending sentence into his speech was not identified nor fired , as he or she should have been .
My guess is that the sentence inserter has only risen in power within the Obama administration .
So , why am I reprising this sorry history ?
Because this is what Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu sees as the context of the U.S. - Israeli relationship .
Even when Israel acts in a manner that flies in the face of stated U.S. policy – calling on all nations to sign the NPT and to submit to transparency in their nuclear programs – Netanyahu has every reason to believe that Washington ’s power - players will back down and the U.S. FCM will intuitively understand its role in the cover - up .
L’Affaire Biden – when the Vice President was humiliated by having Israel announce new Jewish construction in East Jerusalem as he arrived to reaffirm U.S. solidarity with Israel -- was dismissed as a mere “ spat ” by the neoconservative editorial page of the Washington Post .
Making Amends Rather than Israel making amends to the United States , it has been vice versa .
Obama ’s national security adviser , James Jones , trudged over to an affair organized by the AIPAC offshoot think tank , Washington Institute for Near East Policy ( WINEP ) , last Wednesday to make a major address .
I got to wondering , after reading his text , which planet Jones lives on .
He devoted his first nine paragraphs to fulsome praise for WINEP ’s “ objective analysis ” and scholarship , adding that “ our nation — and indeed the world — needs institutions like yours now more than ever . ”
Most importantly , Jones gave pride of place to “ preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons and the means to deliver them , ” and only then tacking on the need to forge “ lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians . ”
He was particularly effusive in stating : “ There is no space — no space — between the United States and Israel when it comes to Israel ’s security . ”
Those were the exact words used by Vice President Joe Biden in Israel on March 9 , before he was mouse - trapped by the announcement of Israel ’s plans for East Jerusalem .
The message is inescapably clear : Netanyahu has every reason to believe that the Siamese - twin relationship with the United States is back to normal , despite the suggestion from CENTCOM Commander , Gen. David Petraeus , earlier this year that total identification with Israel costs the lives of American troops .
Petraeus ’s main message was that this identification fosters the widespread impression that the U.S. is incapable of standing up to Israel .
The briefing that he sponsored reportedly noted , “ America was not only viewed as weak , but there was a growing perception that its military posture in the region was eroding . ”
However , in the address to WINEP , National Security Adviser Jones evidenced no concern on that score .
Worse still , in hyping the threat from Iran , he seemed to be channeling Dick Cheney ’s rhetoric before the attack on Iraq , simply substituting an “ n ” for the “ q . ”
Thus : “ Iran ’s continued defiance of its international obligations on its nuclear program and its support of terrorism represents ( sic ) a significant regional and global threat .
A nuclear - armed Iran could transform the landscape of the Middle East … fatally wounding the global non-proliferation regime , and emboldening terrorists and extremists who threaten the United States and our allies . ”
A Bigger Mousetrap ?
Jacques Chirac may have gone a bit too far in belittling Israel ’s concern over the possibility of Iran acquiring a small nuclear capability , but it is truly hard to imagine that Israel would feel incapable of deterring what would be a suicidal Iranian attack .
The real threat to Israel ’s “ security interests ” would be something quite different .
If Iran acquired one or two nuclear weapons , Israel might be deprived of the full freedom of action it now enjoys in attacking its Arab neighbors .
Even a rudimentary Iranian capability could work as a deterrent the next time the Israelis decide they would like to attack Lebanon , Syria or Gaza .
Clearly , the Israelis would prefer not to have to look over their shoulder at what Tehran might contemplate doing in the way of retaliation .
However , there has been a big downside for Israel in hyping the “ existential threat ” supposedly posed by Iran .
This exaggerated danger and the fear it engenders have caused many highly qualified Israelis , who find a ready market for their skills abroad , to emigrate .
That could well become a true “ existential threat ” to a small country traditionally dependent on immigration to populate it and on its skilled population to make its economy function .
The departure of well - educated secular Jews also could tip the country ’s political balance more in favor of the ultra - conservative settlers who are already an important part of Netanyahu ’s Likud coalition .
Still , at this point , Netanyahu has the initiative regarding what will happen next with Iran , assuming Tehran does n’t fully capitulate to the U.S. - led pressure campaign .
Netanyahu could decide if and when to launch a military strike against Iran ’s nuclear facilities , thus forcing Washington ’s hand in deciding whether to back Israel if Iran retaliates .
Netanyahu may not be impressed – or deterred – by anything short of a public pronouncement from Obama that the U.S. will not support Israel if it provokes war with Iran .
The more Obama avoids such blunt language , the more Netanyahu is likely to view Obama as a weakling who can be played politically .
If Netanyahu feels himself in the catbird seat , then an Israeli attack on Iran seems to me more likely than not .
For instance , would Netanyahu judge that Obama lacked the political spine to have U.S. forces in control of Iraqi airspace shoot down Israeli aircraft on their way to Iran ?
Many analysts feel that Obama would back down and let the warplanes proceed to their targets .
Then , if Iran sought to retaliate , would Obama feel compelled to come to Israel ’s defense and “ finish the job ” by devastating what was left of Iran ’s nuclear and military capacity ?
Again , many analysts believe that Obama would see little choice , politically .
Yet , whatever we think the answers are , the only calculation that matters is Israel’s .
My guess is Netanyahu would not anticipate a strong reaction from President Obama , who has , time and again , showed himself to be more politician than statesman .
James Jones is , after all , Obama ’s national security adviser , and is throwing off signals that can only encourage Netanyahu to believe that Jones ’s boss would scurry to find some way to avoid the domestic political opprobrium that would accrue , were he to seem less than fully supportive of Israel .
Backing Off the NIE ?
Netanyahu has other reasons to take heart with the political directions of Washington .
According to Sunday ’s Washington Post , the U.S. intelligence community is preparing what is called “ a memorandum to holders of Iran Estimate , ” in other words an update to the full - scale National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) completed in November 2007 , which downplayed Iran ’s nuclear capabilities and intentions .
The NIE ’s update is now projected for completion this August , delayed from last fall reportedly because of new incoming information .
The Post article recalls that the 2007 NIE presented the “ startling conclusion ” that Iran had halted work on developing a nuclear warhead .
Why “ startling ? ” Because this contradicted what President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney had been saying during the previous months .
It is a hopeful thing that senior intelligence officials from both CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency have , the way the Post puts it , “ avoided contradicting the language used in the 2007 NIE , ” although some are said to privately assert that Iran is seeking a nuclear weapon .
The Post says there is an expectation that the previous NIE “ will be corrected ” to indicate a darker interpretation of Iranian nuclear intentions .
It seems a safe , if sad , bet that the same Likud - friendly forces that attacked experienced diplomat Chas Freeman as a “ realist ” and got him “ un-appointed , ” after National Intelligence Director Dennis Blair had named him Director of the National Intelligence Council , will try to Netanyahu - ize the upcoming Memorandum to Holders .
The National Intelligence Council has purview over such memoranda , as well as over NIEs .
Without Freeman , or anyone similarly substantive and strong , it seems likely that the intelligence community will not be able to resist the political pressures to conform .
Resisting Pressure Nevertheless , the intelligence admirals , generals and other high officials seem to be avoiding the temptation to play games , so far .
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , Gen. Ronald Burgess , and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. James Cartwright , hewed to the intelligence analysts ’ judgments in their testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee last Wednesday .
Indeed , their answer to the question as to how soon Iran could have a deliverable nuclear weapon , if fact , sounded familiar : " Experience says it is going to take you three to five years " to move from having enough highly enriched uranium to having a " deliverable weapon that is usable ... something that can actually create a detonation , an explosion that would be considered a nuclear weapon , " Cartwright told the panel .
What makes Cartwright ’s assessment familiar – and relatively reassuring – is that five years ago , the director of DIA told Congress that Iran is not likely to have a nuclear weapon until “ early in the next decade ” — this decade .
Now , we ’re early in that decade and Iran ’s nuclear timetable , assuming it does intend to build a bomb , has been pushed back to the middle of this decade at the earliest .
Indeed , the Iranians have been about five years away from a nuclear weapon for several decades now , according to periodic intelligence estimates .
They just never seem to get much closer .
But there ’s not a trace of embarrassment among U.S. policymakers or any notice of this slipping timetable by the FCM .
Not that NIEs – or U.S. officials – matter much in terms of a potential military showdown with Iran .
The “ decider ” here is Netanyahu , unless Obama stands up and tells him , publicly , “ If you attack Iran , you ’re on your own . ”
But do n’t hold your breath .
( For a BBC documentary on Israel 's nuclear program , click here . )
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington .
During his 27 - year career as a CIA analyst , he chaired National Intelligence Estimates and prepared and briefed the President ’s Daily Brief .
He serves on the Steering Committee of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Two thoughts crossed my mind the first time I saw 3D Dot Game Heroes : this game looks a hell of a lot like The Legend of Zelda … and I need to put Link in this game immediately .
Leave it up to me to boldly venture into the realm of obvious and deliver you an exclusive video of a custom - created Link hero tearing it up in Dotnia .
3D Dot Game Heroes ' robust character editor allows you to put whatever you can dream up into the game .
This video is a montage of my custom Link doing his thing , so please note that the events in this video are n't sequential .
Additionally , the characters in the game automatically hold shields in their left hand , which I well know is traditionally Link 's sword hand .
Disclaimer : This is NOT an official 3D Dot game Heroes video .
Let it be known that this version of Link custom was created by me , and cannot be found in the game in any way , shape , or form .
Atlus is smarter than that .
Additionally , the beautiful music is n’t from the game either .
At all .
It ’s “ Title ( The Legend of Zelda ) ” by Shogo Sakai from the Super Smash Bros.
Brawl Soundtrack .
George Rekers , one of America ’s most prominent anti-gay crusaders , was caught in the Miami airport returning from a ten - day “ fun trip ” to Europe with a hired male prostitute .
Rekers is a Baptist minister who co-founded the Family Research Council with James Dobson , has published numerous books and studies condemning gays , and sits of the board of an organization that professes to turn gay people straight .
Rekers claims that he did n’t know the male prostitute ’s profession , claiming that he hired the young man from the website rentboy.com because he needed help : “ I had surgery , and I ca n’t lift luggage .
That ’s why I hired him . ”
If Rekers did n’t know his luggage handler was a prostitute , he must have magically ignored the young gay man ’s profile on rentboy.com , which talks about his “ smooth , sweet , tight ass ” and “ perfectly built 8 inch cock ( uncut ) ” and that he is “ up for anything ” .
But in order to even view that profile , Rekers would have to have gone through the site ’s main page for members , which is covered with “ images of naked , tumescent men busily sodomizing each other . ”
Not only that , but when first seen in the airport , Rekers was pushing his own luggage .
Hypocritical lying moral crusaders are a dime a dozen , but what is fun about this story is that fabulous turn of phrase .
Will “ lift my luggage ” now enter the lexicon , like Senator Larry Craig ’s “ wide stance ” and Governor Mark Sanford ’s “ hiking the Appalachian Trail ” ?
UPDATE : The male prostitute in question now claims that Rekers is definitely gay .
Assistant Attorney General Thomas E. Perez told the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights on Friday there was “ insufficient evidence ” to bring a civil complaint against members of the New Black Panther Party who disrupted a Philadelphia polling place in the 2008 general elections .
Mr. Perez , the only Justice Department official to testify publicly before the commission about the case , said that without sufficient proof that party members or the organization ’s leader , Malik Zulu Shabazz , directed or controlled unlawful activities at the poll or made speeches to incite or produce lawless action , the complaint “ would have likely failed ” in court .
“ Based on the totality of the evidence and the relevant legal precedent , the acting assistant attorney general made a judgment about how to proceed , choosing to seek an injunction against the only defendant who brought a weapon to the Philadelphia polling place on Election Day and to voluntarily dismiss the other three defendants , ” he said .
Mr. Perez said a decision to proceed with claims against one of the New Black Panthers , Minister King Samir Shabazz , and to dismiss the claims against the three others was “ based on the merits and reflects the kind of good faith , case - based assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of claims that the department makes every day .
“ We assure you that the department is committed to comprehensive and vigorous enforcement of both the civil and criminal provisions of federal law that prohibits voter intimidation , ” he said .
“ We continue to work with voters , communities and local law enforcement to ensure that every American can vote free from intimidation , coercion or threats . ”
The commission began an investigation into the New Black Panther Party case after the civil complaint was dismissed , trying to determine if political interference led to the dismissal .
Several commission members also have been angry over what they have called the Justice Department ’s refusal to turn over documents or to make witnesses available to be interviewed .
The Justice Department steadfastly has maintained that it followed the law and evidence in the case and was not influenced by partisan politics .
Republican Commissioner Todd Gaziano asked whether an independent counsel should be named to investigate the handling of the complaint , a request that does not appear to have much support .
Last month , in its first public comments about the case , the New Black Panther Party said it did not break any laws and praised a decision by the Justice Department to dismiss the complaint .
A written statement by the party conceded that one member — Minister King Samir Shabazz — should not have brought a nightstick to a Philadelphia polling place , but described it as “ an honest error . ”
“ What these Republican witch hunters repeatedly fail to mention is that the individual member involved in the nightstick incident was , in fact , legally penalized , ” said the statement from Minister Hashim Nzinga , chief of staff to party leader Mr. Zulu Shabazz .
Mr. Samir Shabazz , head of the Philadelphia chapter , and Jerry Jackson , a Philadelphia party member , were videotaped outside a polling place wearing black military - style uniforms , which included combat boots and black berets .
Mr. Samir Shabazz also brandished a nightstick .
Mr. Zulu Shabazz , a lawyer and D.C. resident , also was named in the complaint , accused of directing and endorsing their behavior .
The party itself also was included as a defendant .
None of the defendants answered the charges or made any court appearances , and the Justice Department won the case by default .
But the department ultimately chose to drop the allegations against Mr. Jackson , Mr. Zulu Shabazz and the party as a whole .
The department did obtain an injunction against Mr. Samir Shabazz prohibiting him from brandishing a weapon outside a polling place until 2012 .
Mr. Perez said that while none of the New Black Panther Party members responded to the complaint , that did not absolve the Justice Department of its “ legal and ethical obligations to ensure that any relief sought was consistent with the law and supported by the evidence .
“ The entry of a default judgment is not automatic , and the Pennsylvania Bar Rules impart a clear duty of candor and honesty in any legal proceeding
In discharging its obligations in that regard , the department considered not only the allegations in the complaint , but also the evidence collected by the department both before and after the filing of the complaint . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Federal officials who oversaw drilling in the Gulf of Mexico accepted gifts from oil companies , viewed pornography at work and even considered themselves part of industry , the Interior Department inspector general says in a new report ( pdf ) .
Those revelations , sure to intensify criticism of federal oversight of offshore drilling as the massive Gulf leak continues , will take a starring role at a congressional hearing tomorrow .
The investigation uncovered violations of federal regulations and ethics rules by employees of the Lake Charles , La. , office of the Minerals Management Service , the federal agency that oversees offshore drilling .
Interior Acting Inspector General Mary Kendall said her greatest concern is " the environment in which these inspectors operate -- particularly the ease with which they move between industry and government . "
She added : " We discovered that the individuals involved in the fraternizing and gift exchange -- both government and industry -- have often known one another since childhood . "
MMS Lake Charles District Manager Larry Williamson told IG investigators that many of the MMS inspectors had worked for the oil and gas industry and continued to be friends with industry representatives .
" Obviously , we 're all oil industry , " he said .
" Almost all of our inspectors have worked for oil companies out on these same platforms .
They grew up in the same towns .
Some of these people , they 've been friends with all their life .
They 've been with these people since they were kids .
They 've hunted together .
They fish together .
They skeet shoot together .
...
They do this all the time . "
A source told IG investigators that oil and gas officials on the platforms had filled out inspection forms , which would then be completed or signed by an MMS inspector .
The IG also " found a culture where the acceptance of gifts from oil and gas companies were widespread throughout that office , " although that has improved in recent years , the report says .
Two employees at the Lake Charles office also admitted to using illegal drugs during their employment at MMS .
The IG found that many of the inspectors had e-mails that contained inappropriate humor and pornography on their government computers .
And between June and July 2008 , one MMS inspector conducted four inspections of offshore platforms while in the process of negotiating and later accepting employment with that company .
While the report was not due to be released yet , Kendall said in light of the Gulf disaster , she felt compelled to release it now .
The investigation was sparked by an anonymous letter in October 2008 to the U.S. attorney 's office in New Orleans alleging that a number of MMS employees had accepted gifts from companies .
The IG presented the findings to the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Western District of Louisiana , which declined prosecution , the report says .
The report is a follow - up to a blockbuster IG report released in 2008 that detailed a sex , drugs and illegal gifts scandal at MMS ( E&ENews PM , Sept. 10 , 2008 ) .
Details
A former MMS inspector sent an e-mail with pictures of the company plane on which he , an oil company official and others flew to Atlanta for the 2005 Peach Bowl game .
" E-mails for MMS inspectors from the Lake Charles office revealed that in 2005 , 2006 , and 2007 , various offshore companies invited MMS personnel to events such as skeet - shooting contests , hunting and fishing trips , golf tournaments , crawfish boils , and Christmas parties , " the report says .
One former MMS official wrote an e-mail saying he had " good friends " in the industry that he " would n't write up . "
The gift culture declined after Don Howard , the former regional supervisor at the MMS office in New Orleans , was fired in 2007 for accepting a gift , the report says .
" Prior to our investigation of Howard , receiving gifts such as hunting trips , fishing trips , and meals from oil companies appears to have been a generally accepted practice by MMS inspectors and supervisors in the Gulf of Mexico region , " it says .
The IG found numerous instances of pornography and other inappropriate material on the e-mail accounts of 13 employees , six of whom have resigned .
There were 314 instances in which the seven remaining employees received or forwarded pornographic images and links from their government e-mail .
An MMS clerical employee told investigators that she began using cocaine and methamphetamine with an inspector when she started working at the agency about two years ago .
The MMS inspector admitted that while he did not use the drug at work , he might have been under the influence of crystal methamphetamine at work after using it the night before .
A source told IG inspectors that company personnel completed inspection forms using pencils , and MMS inspectors would write on top of the pencil in ink and turn in the completed form .
While IG inspectors reviewed a total of 556 files to look for any alteration of pencil and ink markings , notations or signatures and found a small number with pencil and ink variations , they could not discern if any fraudulent alterations were present on these forms .
Interior response
Kendall will testify tomorrow before the House Natural Resources Committee at an oversight hearing on the oil spill , the panel announced today .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar had already been scheduled to appear before the committee .
" The Inspector General report describes reprehensible activities of employees of MMS between 2000 and 2008 , " Salazar said in a statement .
" This deeply disturbing report is further evidence of the cozy relationship between some elements of MMS and the oil and gas industry . "
" I appreciate and fully support the Inspector General 's strong work to root out the bad apples in MMS , and we will follow through on her recommendations , including taking any and all appropriate personnel actions , " he added .
" In addition , I have asked the Inspector General to expand her investigation to determine whether any of this reprehensible behavior persisted after the new ethics rules I implemented in 2009 . "
Salazar noted that within 10 days of becoming Interior secretary , he asked the Justice Department to reopen criminal investigations of employees involved in the 2008 report and promised to update departmental ethics policies and overhaul MMS 's royalty collection system ( E&ENews PM , Jan. 29 , 2009 ) .
Several of the employees mentioned in the new report have resigned , been fired or been referred for prosecution , Interior said .
Those who are still working at MMS will be placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of a personnel review , the department added .
Salazar also has asked the inspector general to investigate whether there was a failure of MMS personnel to adequately enforce standards or inspect the Deepwater Horizon offshore facility and whether there are deficiencies in MMS policies or practices that need to be addressed to ensure offshore operations are conducted in a safe and environmentally sensitive manner , Interior said .
Salazar has signed a secretarial order splitting MMS into three agencies to separate its energy development , enforcement and revenue collecting functions .
The three jobs currently performed by MMS , which collects $ 13 billion in revenue every year , " are conflicting missions and must be separated , " he said last week ( E&ENews PM , May 19 ) .
Reaction
The report drew swift rebukes from lawmakers .
" As if catching MMS employees literally in bed with industry officials was n't enough , MMS safety inspectors were flying high in private jets taking bribes while allowing oil and gas companies to fill out their own safety inspection forms , " said House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Nick Rahall ( D - W.Va . ) .
" It 's past time for MMS to stop acting as a farm team for the industry -- the Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion is proof that this is n't just a game . "
Senate Interior Appropriations Subcommittee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said her panel will hold a hearing on the administration 's proposed restructuring of MMS on June 16 .
" This new Inspector General report is yet another black eye for the Minerals Management Service , " Feinstein said .
" Once again , MMS employees have been found culpable of performing shoddy oversight of offshore drilling .
The report reveals an overly cozy culture between MMS regulators and the oil industry .
...
The agency clearly falls short of providing effective oversight of the safety of deepwater drilling or the ethical collection of drilling royalties . "
Darrell Issa ( R - Calif. ) , ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , said there have been 10 IG reports and nine Government Accountability Office reports on MMS , but it took a " massive catastrophe to get anyone to read these reports and agree on the need for a massive bureaucratic overhaul . "
" In typical Washington fashion , it takes something going horribly wrong , yet entirely avoidable before anyone pays attention to the long - standing need for reform , " Issa added in a statement .
" The report released today echoes the same problems that have been exhaustively reported on for years .
From Toyota to Tylenol to BP , we are seeing the consequences of what can happen when the Congress and the Administration abdicate their obligations to scrutinize the bureaucracy and conduct ongoing and vigilant oversight . "
Click here ( pdf ) to read the IG report .
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
It took four rounds of secret balloting to determine the host .
New York / New Jersey won by a simple majority over Tampa .
South Florida was eliminated after the second ballot .
The official tag line of the New York / New Jersey bid was " Make Some History , " and it did .
It will be the first open - air stadium in a cold - weather region to host a Super Bowl .
In their presentation to the membership , the Jets and Giants reps showed a video that included clips from historic cold - weather games , including Adam Vinatieri 's forever field goal for the Patriots in the 2001 divisional playoffs in Foxborough , Mass . -- aka " The Snow Bowl " and " The Tuck Rule Game . "
" An old - school matchup in a new - school stadium , " the voice - over says .
There could be a record - low temperature at kickoff .
The current record is 39 degrees in 1972 at Tulane Stadium in New Orleans , and that would be considered a warm February day in East Rutherford , N.J .
There 's never been snow in a Super Bowl game and that could happen , too .
" Obviously it will be cold , but that 's what playing football is all about , " Giants quarterback Eli Manning told Fox News Channel 's " Studio B with Shepard Smith . "
" I 've been in the Super Bowl and I 've been to a couple of Super Bowls and if you 're not in it , the Super Bowl is an event and it 's kinda a place to be and there 's no better place to be than New York City for that vibe and that atmosphere . "
The average temperature range for the Meadowlands area during February is 24 to 40 degrees , with several inches of rain , according to the bid documents .
Remember , the game kicks off after sunset in the Eastern time zone , so temperatures would be dropping throughout the night .
Planners have factored it all in .
They 're plotting giveaways to warm hands and seats , having hundreds of folks ready to shovel away snow and anything else they can do to make the experience more than just bearable .
Jets owner Woody Johnson cracked , " I like doing things for the first time ... I hope it snows . "
It could be the last cold play for a long time , as the league made this a onetime exemption to its 50 - degree rule .
" People talk about the weather , but , you know , this is football , not beach volleyball , " New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg told the NFL Network .
He said his city welcomed the chance to host its share of a worldwide event and noted the Sept. 11 attacks .
" America came to the rescue of New York , and that 's something I think that New Yorkers have never forgotten , " Bloomberg said .
" This is a little bit of our chance to say thank you . "
Meadowlands CEO
Mark Lamping told the owners , via the NFL Network , " This region has hosted every big event -- except the Super Bowl . "
Lamping described their plans to integrate the Super Bowl into the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day parade and Fashion Week .
Organizers expect the 2014 Super Bowl to generate approximately $ 550 million for the local economy .
While there will be no direct financial benefit to the two local teams , the Super Bowl will help the Giants and Jets sell the naming rights to the stadium .
That could be worth an estimated $ 500 million .
The two teams will have access to 109 of the 219 club suites in the 82,500 - seat stadium , and those will be distributed to their suite holders .
But the money goes directly to the league .
The Giants and Jets will split 6.2 percent of the overall ticket allotment .
Because two teams are hosting , more hometown fans than usual will be left in the cold .
Typically , the host city gets 5 percent .
Hey , it 's a template !
I 've been playing video games and watching TV !
Trans -Siberian Express ?
Ferry from Spain ?
Train from Turkey ?
The Formula
One circus is considering all the options to beat the volcanic ash and get back to Europe from China on Sunday .
For once the talk around the paddock at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday was not of F - Ducts or soft compound tyres but of the Icelandic volcano that has shut down much of European airspace and threatens to strand the sport in Shanghai .
“ It will be a challenge , but we ’ll find a way , even if it is the trans - Siberian railway , ” McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh told reporters .
“ We are not so much worried about the people because we will find a way home , but we have got to get the cars back , and we have n’t had any word yet from the freight . ”
The next race is on May 9 in Barcelona .
Alan Woollard , the freight manager for Formula
One management and responsible for getting the some 700 tonnes of cars and equipment around the world , was cheerfully phlegmatic .
“ If you had to pick a time for this to happen , it would be just before a three - week break , ” the Briton told Reuters .
“ We ’ll get the stuff to the airport tonight and hopefully in a week , the airways will be cleared and we can fly it out then .
If it gets much past that , then we ’ll consider taking it straight to Barcelona for the next race .
“ I do n’t know why everyone ’s getting so excited about it , there ’s nothing we can do . ”
Long wait
Although the next race is not for three weeks , most teams had planned major improvements to their cars before the run of three races in Europe .
“ We have a range of upgrades that we hope to put on for Barcelona so that could be a bit chaotic if we do n’t get the freight back , ” said Whitmarsh .
It is not just the equipment but also drivers , team personnel , officials and media who are facing a long wait in Shanghai .
Bob Constanduros , whose mellifluous tones are familiar to millions of Formula One fans as the compere of the post - race news conferences , was scheduled to take a direct flight from Shanghai to London on Monday .
“ I ’ve been told that the next available seat is on a flight on May 4 , ” said the Briton , who has notmissed a race for 25 years .
“ Hopefully that will come down as things clear up in Europe . ”
One journalist had found a route via New York , Portugal , Spain and then a ferry to Britain , another was considering a journey that would involve a train ride to Britain from Turkey .
Although there will undoubtedly be personal inconvenience for many , both Woollard and Whitmarsh appealed for perspective .
“ Last time this happened … it went on for two years , they tell me , ” he said of the last eruption Eyjafjallajokull in the 1820s .
“ So I ’m sure the tribulations of McLaren and Formula One are pretty small by comparison to what ’s happening around the world and what will happen if this goes on for two years . ” – Reuters
Video : Dutch Marine 's Helmetcam Delivers Thrilling First - Person - Shooter View of Raid on Pirate - Seized Ship
Does this herald a future where commanders get real - time intel from their warfighters ' helmets ?
WASHINGTON — The White House said Friday that Elena Kagan 's membership on an advisory panel for the securities firm Goldman Sachs Group Inc. would n't disqualify her for a position on the Supreme Court .
Ms. Kagan , the solicitor general , is considered a top contender to replace retiring Justice John Paul Stevens .
President Barack Obama is expected to announce his nomination next week .
An announcement could come " at any moment , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Friday .
From 2005 to 2008 , Ms. Kagan was a paid member of the Research Advisory Council of Goldman Sachs Global Markets Institute , according to financial - disclosure reports she filed after being appointed to her current job .
The form shows she was paid $ 10,000 in 2008 , when she was dean of Harvard Law School .
The Securities and Exchange Commission has accused Goldman in a civil suit of failing to disclose to clients in a deal involving mortgage - related securities that a hedge fund betting on the mortgages to fail helped design the product .
Goldman denies the charges .
Mr. Gibbs said the group Ms. Kagan advised had nothing to do with the activities in the SEC 's case .
" This is a panel that had absolutely nothing to do with the decisions that Goldman has made that they 're now being investigated for , " he said .
Asked if there was a concern that this issue could be used against Ms. Kagan , should she be nominated , Mr. Gibbs said , " No . "
Google 's Android operating system outsold Apple in the first three months of 2010 to move into second place in the smartphone OS market , according to an NPD Group survey .
Research in Motion , the Canadian company behind the BlackBerry , still leads with 36 % of sales , ahead of Google ( 28 % ) and Apple 's iPhone ( 21 % ) .
It 's important to acknowledge upfront that headlines like " Apple Outsold By Google ! " are comparing apples to citrus fruits .
The iPhone is Apple 's only phone .
There 's only one species of Apple phone .
Google 's Android software runs across many phones , such as the Nexus One ( the " Google Phone ) , Android and Android Eris .
That makes Google more like a genus .
Remember when tech critics were calling Google 's weak Nexus One sales a flop back in March ?
Today 's news reminds us why those concerns were premature .
Google is fundamentally an advertising - and - software company that dabbled in hardware .
Apple is a hardware - and - software company that is moving into advertising .
The two companies are converging in the mobile space from different directions , but the end game is the same .
Higher market share in hardware and OS presages higher market share in the mobile advertising , the next frontier of the ad revenue wars .
Market share in the OS market is a prelude to the mobile advertising battles that will heat up in the next decade .
In the same vein , it 's too early to be triumphant about Google eclipsing iPhone sales .
Worldwide , Apple commands 16 % of the market , compared to Google 's 7 % ( Q4 figures from Gartner ) .
( Full disclosure : I own a Google Android Eris , and I think it 's awesome . )
thanks ive been looking for a reliable app like this .
i was using that screenmode widget crap and it just wasnt cutting it .
it would only work half the time .
so far so good on desire rom .
since no one wants to port over the unlock mod to the desire ROM , this is the next best thing .
About 11 hours before the Deepwater Horizon exploded , a disagreement took place between the top manager for oil giant BP PLC on the drilling rig and his counterpart for the rig's owner , Transocean Ltd. , concerning the final steps in shutting down the nearly completed well , according to a worker 's sworn statement .
Michael Williams , a Transocean employee who was chief electronics technician on the rig , said there was " confusion " between those high - ranking officials in an 11 a.m. meeting on the day of the rig blast , according ...
( May 30,2010 ) - HOLLYWOOD -- The Los Angeles Police Department 's Hollywood area bike unit is the subject of an internal investigation after video surfaced of their response to a protest ride against British Petroleum organized by a group of bicyclists .
In the video , at least one bicyclist is detained , and an officer can be seen kicking a passing bicycle .
The cyclist taking the video objects to the action , and two officers take him down , ordering him simultaneously to " get down " and " get up .
" A man can be heard repeatedly asking , " What did I do ?
" Now , representatives of the L.A. biking community have filed an excessive force complaint against the officers .
LAPD Investigates Scuffle with Bicyclists Captured on VideoThe LAPD has issued a statement that reads in part : " As part of enforcement efforts , LAPD officers were watching for red light violations , and issuing citations .
As officers attempted to detain several bicyclists , a reported use of force was captured on video .
" The LAPD has launched an investigation to " determine the facts surrounding the events , " according to LAPD Assistant Chief Earl Paysinger .
The LAPD 's Professional Standard 's Bureau is heading the inquiry , and the Police Commission 's Inspector General has also been notified about the matter .
" Our Department takes seriously its obligations and commitment to all members of the community , " Paysinger said .
" The Chief of police and I pledged our strong support to work closely with the bike community , and that promise has not wavered .
It 's our hope that the relationship we 've developed with the biking community over the past months will be strengthened even more as we continue to work together to find solutions to difficult circumstances such as these .
" The Los Angeles Police Protective League issued it 's own statement , saying , " We only ask that the community refrain from a rush to judgment .
It is always important to remember that home video , shot from a distance , from one angle and in the dark , and not at the beginning of the incident , seldom tells the whole story .
"
KTLA-TV , Los Angeles
" They ( the Government ) are bailing out the banks and the institutions and the elite that caused the crisis and they are asking ordinary people , senior citizens , young people to pay the price with brutal cutbacks and it's just not acceptable and people are here to say we 're going to stop this and we want an alternative , " he said .
Superheroes must be the one of the most feared types of people for tech support staff .
They are magnets for having “ computer issues ” ( as I have already covered previously here ) and want everything sorted out right away .
They are always complaining that the problem has to be fixed immediately , as it is a “ matter of life or death ” , or “ the fate of the world depends on it ” , or “ a giant robot is about to crush my skull ” .
Well boo fricken hoo !
Seriously !
Either they are too dumb or overpowered to use their computers in the first place , or they are super geniuses always tweaking settings and adding unauthorised custom software .
( Yeah , I ’m looking at you batman … … )
Artists note :
This joke seems so obvious , yet when I researched it * , I was surprised to find this had not been done yet .
The closest I could find was this comic , so I thought I had better give it some props .
If you find another version of this gag somewhere , especially with the iceman in it , please add a link in the comments .
I would love to see it .
* Ok , I know what you are thinking – yes , I do research things on the google machine .
I am all teknological and stuff .
Speaker Pelosi says the public option can't pass the Senate , but our new TV ad shows we can pass it !
We need to get this ad on TV right away in DC and San Francisco -- can you help us air it 100 times by chipping in $ 3 today ?
UPDATE : 1,500 2,500 3,086 people have chipped in -- can you help us reach 3,500 ?
DONATE BELOW THE VIDEO .
( You can also donate to the PCCC by mail or by PayPal .
Or DFA by mail . )
PLEASE DONATE EQUALLY TO THE PCCC & DFA .
An Indonesian Islamic organization is saying an upcoming concert by Kelly Clarkson in Jakarta is banned under Islamic law because it is being sponsored by a tobacco company , according to a report Wednesday in the Jakarta Globe .
Muhammadiyah , the second largest Islamic organization in the world ’s most populous Muslim country , has previously declared all smoking forbidden under Islam , according to the Globe report .
The head of the organization ’s fatwa , or religious edict , department , Yanuar Ilyas , told the Globe that the no-smoking fatwa applied to Clarkson ’s concert .
“ We do not need to put another fatwa on a thing that is already clear , ” the Globe quoted Yanuar as saying .
The U.S. - based campaign for Tobacco - Free Kids has also raised objections to the Clarkson ’s Jakarta concert , scheduled for April 29 and sponsored by L.A. Lights cigarettes .
The organization is asking Clarkson to cancel the sponsorship .
" If Kelly Clarkson goes ahead with this concert , she is choosing to be a spokesperson for the tobacco industry and helping them to market cigarettes to children , " said the president of the Campaign for Tobacco - Free Kids , Matthew L. Myers .
" If she rejects tobacco industry sponsorship , she can send a powerful message to children in Indonesia and around the world that they , too , should reject the tobacco industry 's deadly products and marketing . "
While many nations do not allow tobacco sponsorships of entertainment events , Indonesia has yet to sign on to such a ban , according to the campaign .
Clarkson ’s fans are weighing in on her Facebook page , posting numerous comments calling on her to drop the tobacco sponsor .
But in a blog posting attributed to the singer Wednesday afternoon , she says her only option would be to drop the tour date , something she cannot do without disappointing her Jakarta fans .
“ This is a lose - lose situation for me and I am not happy about it but the damage has been done and I refuse to cancel on my fans , ” says the posting titled “ Jakarta Mishap ” and signed “ Kelly . ”
A female burglary ring is on the loose in the hills of Encino and surrounding communities , according to the Los Angeles Police Department .
Detectives have linked three women to at least three burglaries of upscale homes south of Ventura Boulevard and believe they could be responsible for more .
" These three females employed a “ Knock - Knock Burglar ” method , according to an LAPD statement : " The suspects first went to the front door , knocked repeatedly , and when there was no answer they went to the back of the house and broke a window . "
The latest burglary attempt occurred on April 16 .
In that case , the suspects broke into a home but were scared away by the home 's alarm system .
The three woman are described as being in their 20s and driving a gray or light - colored compact car .
AUSTRALIANS travelling to the US will be asked to pay a $ US10 ( $ 11 ) fee to help fund a program to boost tourism - as well as the ailing US economy .
The fee will apply to the US '' visa waiver ' ' program that is mostly used by tourists and short - stay business travellers from 34 countries , including Australia and New Zealand .
Details of the fee appeared in the Travel Promotion Act , which Barack Obama signed into law late last week .
The new impost is expected to raise about half the funds for a $ US200 million ( $ 220 million ) global '' Come to America ' ' campaign .
This is the first time the US has resorted to a government - sponsored international sales pitch similar to those used by Australia and other countries to win a bigger share of global tourism .
The campaign is expected to increase visitor numbers by an estimated 1.6 million travellers , while restoring a more relaxed and welcoming image of America in a security - conscious era .
The vast majority of child deaths occur in developing countries
The UK is lagging behind other high income countries on cutting child mortality , international figures show .
Along with the USA , New Zealand and South Korea , child deaths in the UK have not fallen as quickly as expected .
The research confirms the UK has the highest child mortality rate - 5.3 per 1,000 live births - in Western Europe .
But new global estimates published by The Lancet show that in many poorer countries , the decline in deaths in the under - fives is speeding up .
The analysis done by a team at the University of Washington in Seattle found stark differences in child deaths between high - income countries .
As well as having the worst child mortality in Western Europe , globally the UK fell from 12th best in 1970 to 33rd best in 2010 .
The UK has reduced its mortality by three quarters since 1970 , and by almost half since 1990 , but Austria , Belgium , Cyprus , Germany , Greece , Ireland , Israel , Italy , Luxembourg , Malta , Portugal and Spain have all overtaken the UK in the past four decades .
Global targets
Overall , the researchers found that deaths in children under the age of five are actually lower than the latest estimate provided by Unicef .
Worldwide mortality in children younger than five years has dropped from 11·9 million deaths in 1990 to an estimated 7·7 million deaths in 2010 .
A third of those deaths occur in south Asia and half occur in sub-Saharan Africa .
The researchers said the latest data show that cuts in child mortality have been faster than projected in many poorer countries .
When you get to these low levels of child mortality seen in high income countries , healthcare probably is an important component in the variation
Dr Christopher Murray , study leader
In 13 regions of the world , including all regions in sub-Saharan Africa , the figures suggested faster declines from 2000 to 2010 compared with the previous decade .
Study leader Dr Christopher Murray said the apparent acceleration of progress in poorer countries was encouraging evidence that it was worth intensifying efforts further .
He said improved education for women , the lessening negative impact of HIV , and expansion in programmes such as bed nets and vaccination had all played a part in the improvements seen in developing countries in the past decade .
Dr Murray agreed that the UK had seen a " big slide " in its ranking in terms of child mortality .
" When you get to these low levels of child mortality seen in high income countries , healthcare probably is an important component in the variation .
" Most of the deaths in places like the UK will be neonatal and you would have to look in more detail at what aspects of healthcare might explain that difference . "
A Department of Health spokesman said infant mortality in the UK is at its lowest ever level .
" However , the death of any child is one death too many and we must continue to do all we can to prevent those we can .
" This is why every child death is now subject to a detailed review to understand why children die and what steps can be taken to protect other children . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
My radio dial found a conservative station the other day and I listened for a while to one of the most stirring , hauntingly beautiful , patriotic songs I have ever heard : “ Let Freedom Ring . ”
I left my dial there for a bit and listened to the talk - radio host , a Great American , taking a number of calls from several other Great Americans .
It brought back memories of the 2008 presidential campaign , when righteous Republican candidates , True Americans , standing tall and proud in front of rows of giant American flags delivered rousing “ This is our land ” speeches to crowds of cheering True Americans .
More recently , at Tea Party rallies , there has been the soaring oratory by Constitution - loving , “ take - our - country - back ” Real Americans .
Oratory that warns about those “ Other Americans ” who want to take away the guns , Bibles , and freedoms of Real Americans .
There have been other warnings and accusations against those Americans who presumably are n’t Great , or True , or Real .
For example , the contemptible accusations that I , along with my fellow Democrats , are weak on national security and do not support our brave troops .
I have served my country honorably , “ meritoriously , ” for 20 years .
During those years , I would have laid down my life in defense of my country … and still would .
I revere the men and women who have served us so heroically in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere , regardless of my views on any particular war .
I know , without a doubt , that my fellow Democrats , fellow Americans , are at least as patriotic .
It saddens me — ” infuriates ” is perhaps a better word — when Republicans take sole ownership of the U.S. Constitution and of the American flag , take sole ownership of patriotism , and take sole ownership of “ our land , ” this America that , last time I checked , still belonged to you and me , regardless of what political affiliation you or I may have .
It upsets me when I hear Republicans act as if they have a monopoly on loving our country .
I know , for a fact , that I love America at least as much as they do .
I loved it even before I set foot in America , while still dreaming of one day coming to America .
And ever since that day arrived , that cold April day when an overjoyed , 17 - year - old immigrant from the Netherlands landed in New York , I have loved America more and more , an America that has blessed me and my family with freedoms , opportunities and successes that people elsewhere only dream about .
When I hear Republicans accuse me , and my fellow Democrats , of “ tearing up the Constitution , ” I get really upset because , you see , in order to become a U.S. citizen , I studied the U. S. Constitution , cherished its immortal words , and committed its preamble to memory … and the rest , to my heart .
At my naturalization ceremony , I solemnly swore that I would support and defend the Constitution against all enemies , foreign and domestic and that I would bear true faith and allegiance to that Constitution , so help me God .
I swore so again upon my enlistment into the U.S. military and , for a third time , when I received my U.S. Air Force commission .
“ Take our country back ” ?
From whom ?
From the nearly 100 million Americans who were born and raised in this country , who love America even more , if that ’s possible , than this 70 - year - old naturalized geezer ?
From Americans , whose fatal flaw is that they happen to be Democrats ?
Real Americans live throughout these United States , not just in the “ heartland ” , not just in Sarah Palin ’s fictional and fanciful “ Real America . ”
Real Americans are not just Republicans , conservatives , libertarians , Tea Party supporters , or whatever .
We are all Real Americans .
There are no “ Fake Americans . ”
I respectfully ask our Republican friends to challenge us , Democrats , on policy and politics , on party line and philosophy , even on principles , but , please , do not question our patriotism , our “ Americanism , ” our love for God and Country , because when you do so you are not only dishonoring half of all Americans , you are doing a disservice to your causes , legitimate and righteous as they may be .
You are also discrediting yourselves and , more important , you are demeaning and dangerously dividing the Real America you profess to honor and love .
For years , Rep. Jerry Lewis ( R - Redlands ) has proudly delivered a cornucopia of federal dollars to the folks back home -- more than $ 82 million this year alone , including money for road improvements and medical research .
But he and nearly all of his House Republican colleagues say they are swearing off such “ earmarks ” this year to demonstrate fiscal responsibility .
The change of heart has set up an election - year argument over who is best serving their constituents -- Republicans who say lean times demand belt - tightening , or Democrats who continue to seek special funding for local projects such as buying parkland in the Santa Monica Mountains or offering healthier food in Chicago schools .
“ This is an important step for reining in out - of - control government spending and changing the culture of Washington , ” said Republican Rep. Howard P. “ Buck ” McKeon of Santa Clarita .
Democrats dispute that characterization and say earmarks serve a valuable purpose .
“ During these tough economic times , ” said Rep. Jesse L. Jackson Jr. ( D - Ill . ) , “ Democrats should n’t shy away for one moment from their responsibility and duty to improve schools , rebuild roads , retrain workers , provide healthcare and invest in the people and communities in their districts . ”
Rep. Loretta Sanchez of Garden Grove , Orange County ’s lone Democratic
House member , is the only member of the county ’s congressional delegation pursuing earmarks this year .
“ As long as the earmark process remains in place , Congresswoman Sanchez will fight tooth and nail for every federal dollar she can bring back to Orange County , ” said her chief of staff , Adrienne Elrod .
Republicans hope the earmark moratorium will play well with voters .
“ Earmarks have become a dirty word to the American electorate , ” said Steve Ellis of the watchdog Taxpayers for Common Sense .
“ That ’s why Congress is trying to re-brand the term ; they call it ‘ congressionally directed spending . ’
Good luck with that . ”
California Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( R - Huntington Beach ) said the public would understand the GOP ’s no-earmark position and support it .
“ I highly doubt the American people would prefer a local project be funded by dollars borrowed from China rather than trying to bring sanity back to the economy to save our children ’s economic future , ” Rohrabacher said .
This division among the parties is a departure from the past .
Even in the most partisan times , Democratic and Republican lawmakers aggressively worked to bring home the bacon to show constituents they were getting back some of the money they send to Washington .
Congress this year included nearly $ 16 billion on 9,500 earmarks in its spending bills , according to Taxpayers for Common Sense .
The practice of steering money to projects , often sought by campaign contributors and lobbyists , has been controversial because of scandals , including one that landed former California Rep.
Randy “ Duke ” Cunningham in jail .
“ Pork - barrel spending ” for projects such as Alaska ’s “ bridge to nowhere ” and a cowgirl hall of fame in Texas also have brought earmarking to public attention .
Democrats , who won control of Congress in 2006 after highlighting earmark abuses under the Republicans , have opened the process to greater public scrutiny and reduced earmarks from the record 15,000 costing $ 23 billion set under the GOP majority in 2005 .
House Democrats recently banned earmarks to profit - making companies -- typically defense contractors .
Then Republicans , in a display of one - upmanship , announced their no-earmarks policy .
Some local officials in Republican - held districts say the House GOP ’s no-earmarks policy could make tough times tougher for some communities .
Roger Gwinn , president of the Ferguson Group , which represents local governments nationwide that pursue earmarks , said the moratorium threatened to eliminate a vital funding stream for local road , sewer and law enforcement projects .
In Lewis ’ district , Hesperia City Manager Mike Podegracz said that some people might see the parties ’ different earmark policies as creating “ some degree of unfairness that some parts of the state would be receiving the funds and other parts would n’t , even though there is a need throughout the state . ”
“ If there are , indeed , earmarks , the Republican Party should definitely be in there getting a share for their districts , ” added Pat Gilbreath , mayor of Redlands , which is in Lewis ’ district .
Among the sharpest critics of the House GOP ’s policy are Senate Republicans who say it would shift spending decisions to the executive branch .
Two years ago , Lewis conceded as much in defending earmarks .
“ If recommendations of members of Congress are ignored , the spending would be left to the bureaucrats in each agency , ” his spokesman Jim Specht said at the time .
But as lawmakers found it difficult to rein in overall spending , Lewis was persuaded by Republican leadership to support the earmark moratorium as a “ forceful demonstration of the need to cut spending , ” Specht said recently .
At least three GOP House members are seeking earmarks for their districts in defiance of their party leadership .
Rep. Don Young ( R - Alaska ) posted 30 pages of earmark requests on his office website .
And some Democrats have joined Republicans in forgoing earmarks .
The House GOP policy has set off a stampede to the offices of senators .
One example : McKeon ’s home base of Santa Clarita , a city in northern Los Angeles County that tends to vote Republican .
City Manager Ken Pulskamp said the city hoped to receive $ 1.15 million in federal funds for three projects , including $ 500,000 to retrofit the city ’s emergency operations center .
With McKeon , the city ’s first mayor , abiding by the earmark moratorium , Santa Clarita is turning to Sens.
Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer , both Democrats .
“ It is too early to tell about the earmark ban ’s impact on the city of Santa Clarita , ” Pulskamp said .
“ We ’re hoping to use other routes to secure the project money we need . ”
richard.simon@
latimes.com
DUBLIN , Ireland ― Today , Good Friday or the day of Christian pilgrimage , when pubs in Ireland are traditionally banned from serving liquor , many people will be making a secular pilgrimage to the city of Limerick .
There , for the first time in nearly a century , all the city and suburban bars are being allowed to open for business .
A judge lifted the prohibition on the sale of alcohol this Good Friday because of a rugby match between the provinces of Munster and Leinster that is expected to bring 26,000 thirsty fans to the city .
The exemption has been widely hailed as a consequence of the diminished moral authority of the Catholic Church , which has been severely damaged by sex abuse scandals and falling church attendance in recent years .
Father Tony Mullins , the administrator of the Catholic Diocese of Limerick , conceded that the decision was a “ further reflection of a changing society , where religious beliefs and the practice of one ’s faith is becoming more a matter for the individual . ”
This was put more crudely by the makers of T - shirts on sale in the city that bear the slogan : “ Officially bigger than the Catholic Church : Munster Rugby . ”
In previous years a challenge from a bishop might have influenced the court ’s decision but this year not a single objection was raised .
The ruling by Judge Tom O’Donnell may become a precedent for a nationwide lifting of the ban in future years .
“ It ’s a groundbreaking decision , ” said lawyer Gearoid McGann , who took the case on behalf of pub owners in Limerick , a city of almost 100,000 situated at the mouth of the Shannon River .
“ Once the doors are open it will happen again . ”
Getting around drink bans is an ancient custom in Ireland , where poteen was once illegally distilled from potatoes in rural areas .
There used to be a law in Dublin that pubs had to close for an hour after lunch ( known as the Holy Hour ) to prevent all - day drinking .
This led to the story of an American tourist who arrived in a Dublin bar just as the Holy Hour was starting , and was told no drink could be served for 60 minutes .
When the tourist asked if he could sit there until the hour expired , the barman said , “ Sure — would you like a drink while you ’re waiting ? ”
Ireland ’s antiquated licensing laws , some dating to Victorian times , have been changing in recent years to accommodate the demands of a more secular and modern society .
Bars are allowed to stay open until nearly midnight and drink is readily available in supermarkets and corner stores .
The current ban on the sale of liquor on two days of the year , Good Friday and Christmas Day , is easily circumvented by people stocking up in supermarkets on the previous day , or by going to clubs and sports grounds where special exemptions are common .
Thomond Park in Limerick , for example , has a special arena license .
O’Donnell ruled : “ It is somewhat absurd that pubs in the locality should be closed when there will be available to 26,000 people the possibility to buy alcohol , if they wish , in Thomond Park . ”
One of the reasons the bar owners in Limerick were so keen to see the ban lifted is to boost their flagging sales .
The consumption of alcohol per person in Ireland last year was down by some 9 percent on 2008 , and is back to the levels of the mid-1990s , as Ireland 's economic boom was just beginning .
Confirmation that the Irish are drinking less came in a report last week from the Drinks Industry Group of Ireland , which lamented that 2008 was " the worst performance in decades for the overall drinks industry .
Unfortunately the 2009 performance was worse than 2008 and the title of worst year now passes to 2009 . "
The drop in alcohol consumption matches the decline in construction work , a phenomenon most marked in vodka sales :
As eastern European migrants left the country at the end of the building boom , sales of vodka plummeted .
The growth in unemployment means that people have less disposible income .
Irish adults still drink about three gallons of pure spirits a year , considerably more than the European average .
The number is especially impressive considering Ireland has the most teetotalers in Europe , one in five of the population .
The armor heads are built using a silicone resin in a negative sculpt mold which helps to hold detail and fine lines .
The original molds typically weigh around 13 pounds .
I was lucky enough to try on his Iron Man mask and found it fairly comfortable and lightweight .
The body armor is a high impact urethane plastic , much like with today ’s cars .
The metallic finish comes with painting .
It is very flexible .
Tony modified his WM once for a zombie theme party and was able to fully dance in it .
He has vents built throughout and only gets sweaty when he is standing still .
DOW - What were the challenge in creating the suitcase armor ?
Le - “ The only thing I had to go on was the first trailer and a four inch toy .
I did n’t have any back shot of the armor or anything of the lower body .
When the second trailer came out , I had guessed pretty close to it . ”
Anthony donates a great deal of time to charity .
Last October , he visited the Denver Children ’s Hospital .
Watching the kids see and recognize Iron Man was very fulfilling .
He will be doing a charity event and appearance at Hollywood Theater in Centennial this Friday and Saturday from 6 - 10 PM promoting Iron Man 2 .
Grand prize for the raffle drawings will be one of his War Machine or Iron Man helmets , winner ’s choice .
His sponsors have also helped kick in toys and posters .
He even got Jon Favreau ’s backing for doing such work .
Anthony has been able to take his costuming skill and turn it into something special .
He gets the biggest kick out of doing it for charity but he also does promo work for Paramount and just recently did an ad for Guess Jeans and Iron Man 2 .
He will always continue to build .
" I love costuming ; I can make a lot of other things if I had unlimited funds like the movie does . ”
Some of the other things on his “ wish list ” are Star Wars Mandalorian armor and Gundam Wing armor .
Anthony
Le follows a simple code everyday : “ Live life with a passion and no regrets ”
To see more of Anthony ’s work check out his sites :
http://www.masterle.org/
http://www.myspace.com/anthonyqle
http://www.youtube.com/user/anthonyle247
This got me thinking ( a rare occasion for me ) .
What type of armor or for that matter , any superhero costume would you make for yourself ?
Me , I ’d have to go Colossus for armor and Beast would be an interesting challenge as well .
Many thanks to Anthony Le for sitting down with me .
Who is Anthony Le ?
If you do n’t know already , the Colorado resident has created some of the most realistic looking Iron Man and War Machine costume armors ever .
Anthony
Le is also a man who likes to push himself .
Along with cosplay , he is a P90X instructor , a prop maker and a budding filmmaker just to name a few .
One of his biggest passions , though , is his charity work .
More on that later .
I got the opportunity to sit down with Anthony for a one on one interview .
Actually it was a two for one , as he brought along his friend and colleague , Nathan Trujillo ( www.Myspace.com/Phantom_Prophet).
Nathan is his right hand man , pushing Anthony while also helping to design and build the armors and take photos .
Anthony created his first armor by himself just a week before the firstmovie came out .
He was the first designer to have integrated lights for his eyes .
They light up and he can still see out of them from just under the light source .
Since then the two have gone on to create two versions of War Machine , the suitcase armor ( Mark V ) and the Mark VI .
The Mark V premiered at Denver ’s Starfest last month .
Anthony , of course , won first prize at the costume contest displaying his War Machine armor .
Le ’s first War Machine ( which he calls the War Machine Hybrid ) in his words .
He made it before anything from the movie version was leaked out .
It is a mixture of designs from Mark I , Mark III and the concept art of War Machine by Phil Saunders .
This was the first armor that caught director Jon Favreau ’s attention when he tweeted about it .
One of the most unique things about Le ’s armors started with the faceplate .
It comes down and into position when he poses in a ready position using a pressurized system .
It goes up by using a manual motorized mechanism .
Very few cosplay artists have been able to perfect this .
After seeing Iron Man and War Machine in comics and the movies how did you figure out the designs and all the moving parts ?
What ’s the hardest part of creating armor ?
What are you working on now ?
Since that ’s close to being done , what ’s after that and what drives you to keep going further with these designs ? [ like in the movie ]
Fred Phelps is a hatemonger .
On this , there is no question .
It 's actually about the most polite way to describe what Phelps ' perceived mission in life drives him to do and say .
He , and his " church " ( mostly made up of members of his family ) are the ones who arrive at various places and events all across the country , waving hate - filled signs which convey Phelps ' belief that God hates the United States , homosexuals , the U.S. military , and dead American soldiers .
He shows up at Jewish sites , gay events , schools , and other places he feels would benefit from his hatemongering .
Most notably , this includes the funerals of dead soldiers .
Phelps and his followers line up on a public sidewalk with signs saying things such as " God hates dead soldiers " -- which is one of the least offensive thing his signs say , I should mention ( I refuse to reference any of his other messages , since I find them so personally odious ) .
Phelps has become so notorious for doing so that a group of motorcycle enthusiasts have banded together to provide a human screen between Phelps ' group and military funerals , to spare the families .
Phelps is in the news today because a Maryland family brought a lawsuit against Phelps , seeking damages for Phelps ' actions at their son's funeral , and the U.S. Supreme Court has announced it will hear the case 's appeal .
By doing so , they open up the door to refining what is and what is not acceptable speech allowed under the First Amendment to the Constitution .
While the Supreme Court may instead rule much more narrowly ( on the case itself , without addressing the free speech issue ) , the question is worth discussing : should what Phelps does be legal ?
An easy answer to the problem of Phelps would be to use a tactic presidents ( and presidential campaigns ) have been using of late : the " free speech zone " which is nowhere near the event being protested .
The concept of giving Phelps a small caged - in public area to protest to his heart 's content -- say , about two miles from the actual funeral -- is certainly an enticing one , and one with a legal precedent ( ask anyone who has tried to protest a national party convention of late , they 'll tell you ) .
It would seem to be an easy solution to a thorny First Amendment problem , especially considering the anguish Phelps causes to grieving families .
But , though this answer is easy , it is also wrong .
The entire United States of America used to be a " free speech zone , " and I hope it one day will be again .
" Free speech zones " are such an oxymoronic concept in America that while it is tempting to advocate it for Phelps , just because Phelps ' message is odious does n't make the idea of a " free speech zone " right -- or any less of a fundamental contradiction to the Bill of Rights .
Of course , news announcers everywhere will drag out the phrase " yelling fire in a crowded theater " at some point in this discussion , and every single one of them will likely cite it incorrectly , since the real facts of Schenck v. United States are simply not taught in our schools .
It was a bad decision , and Schenck went to jail for something that would n't even bat an eyelash on a blog in today 's world .
But the Schenck decision was a pivotal one for the Supreme Court , as it began to refine what exactly " free speech " allows and what it does not .
Some speech is not freely allowed -- incitement to riot , or overthrow the government by force , for example .
Or treason , for that matter .
Or even the loosely - defined " fighting words . "
Some speech is more free than other speech , as well ( to misquote Animal Farm ) .
There are " protected classes " of speech , which the government is supposed to be not allowed to regulate at all , and these include religious speech and political speech .
Phelps knows how to manipulate all of these categories , as he's been at his hatemongering for quite a while now , which has involved previous legal disputes .
He has his own church , for instance , which cloaks ( as far as he 's concerned ) everything he says as " religious speech . "
To back this up , he also knows that " political speech " is protected speech as well .
Phelps himself used to be a lawyer ( he has been disbarred ) who took on civil rights cases , so he knows the legal landscape .
But the legal landscape is a shifting one .
Phelps was the primary reason the " Respect For America 's Fallen Heroes Act " was passed by Congress and signed by President Bush in 2006 .
It passed the Senate unanimously , and by a 408 - 3 vote in the House ( interestingly , both Ron Paul and Barney Frank voted against it on constitutional grounds ) .
Over a dozen states have passed similar bans on protests near funeral sites , again , as a reaction to Phelps ' offensive behavior .
On free speech grounds alone , Phelps ' case certainly exists in a grey area .
He is using " religious " and " political " speech ( both protected classes of speech ) to spout what could certainly be called incitement ( which is not protected ) .
While " incitement to riot " is usually seen as someone haranguing a crowd to commit violence against some other entity , it 's never really been defined as " incitement to riot " against the person speaking .
The First Amendment exists not for polite , well - reasoned discourse , but for very unpopular speech .
That 's the whole point .
The government can't ban something just because the majority of people do n't like to hear it .
This is why it 's legal for Nazis or the Ku Klux Klan to have public marches and rallies .
Other countries ban such things ( Germany 's laws on Nazi symbols , for instance ) , and even ban advocating wild political theories ( such as denying the Holocaust ) .
America , for better or worse , does not .
But laws which have ( so far ) passed muster with the courts do provide for a " buffer zone " or " neutral zone " where speech can be forbidden .
Abortion clinics have such protections against protest .
Even voting sites have a buffer zone around them , inside which no political speech is allowed .
Meaning that the federal and state laws which have been written to protect funerals from Phelps may be acceptable .
As for the hate - filled speech Phelps offers up , unless the courts decide that it borders on obscenity or " fighting words , " Phelps will likely be allowed to continue .
The history of religious fanatics in America is a long one , going back to some of our original settlers ( whom we honor by eating a turkey every November ) .
And as I said , the more offensive any speech is ( even " religious " speech ) , the more it is in need of First Amendment protection .
Do n't get me wrong , I 'm certainly not defending the utterly indefensible crackpot ravings of Phelps , on any level whatsoever .
But , on free speech grounds , I must ( distasteful as it is ) defend his right to speak in a public place .
Call me a First Amendment absolutist , if you will .
But having said all of that , the case before the Supreme Court is n't really about Phelps ' right to his speech .
It 's about whether someone can sue him for damages .
The case is Snyder v. Phelps , and involves the family of a soldier who died in Iraq .
They sued Phelps and his church for " defamation , invasion of privacy , and intentional infliction of emotional distress . "
They were awarded almost eleven million dollars in damages in the original court case , on the invasion of privacy and emotional distress parts of the case .
Phelps appealed , and first got the damages reduced to five million dollars , and then ( in federal appellate court ) got the entire decision overturned .
So , while there are certain free speech aspects about the case , it really comes down to whether Phelps is legally liable for damages for his speech and actions .
Using the courts as a tool to stop hate groups has been done successfully before , most notably against racist " white power " groups in the Pacific Northwest .
Such judgments can destroy these groups , because they can lose all their assets and property .
If the door is opened up on lawsuits against Phelps by this case , it would n't take long for Phelps and his church to be stripped of the means of traveling around the country promulgating hatred ( the group boasts it stages 40 pickets a week , and over 30,000 pickets total ) , because so many people would be lining up to sue him ( Phelps hates a lot of people , not just soldiers , I should mention ) .
While not a perfect answer to Phelps and his group of hatemongers , individual civil lawsuits against him seem to me to be an acceptable answer to his provocation .
I would much rather the courts rule that people can be held accountable for certain types of speech by being liable for monetary damages than I would having the courts attempt to ban such speech themselves .
Because in the first case , government is only involved in the adjudication process .
In the second case , government oversteps the bounds of free speech the First Amendment lays down .
And if it does so , it is not just Phelps and his hatemongers who lose , it is all of us .
Cross-posted at The Huffington Post
Follow Chris on Twitter : @ ChrisWeigant
-- Chris Weigant
Michael Douglas ' son Cameron was just sentenced to five years in prison -- for his role in a major drug dealing operation .
Play video content
Cameron Douglas -- along with his father and his mother Diandra -- was present in federal court in Manhattan today when the judge fired off the sentence .
Along with the prison time , Cameron was ordered to pay $ 25,000 in fines and must serve 450 hours of community service .
Once he's out of the joint , Cameron is also required to spend an additional 5 years in a supervised release program .
That chart is , for news organizations seeking to tame their commenters , perhaps the best evidence yet that adding a few obstacles for those seeking the leave their mark on a web page can actually lead to more comments .
And better ones , too .
That chart ( bigger version here ) tracks the number of comments left by month on the Gawker Media blog empire , Nick Denton ‘s collection of themed sites ( Gawker , Gizmodo , Deadspin , et al . ) .
It covers September 2005 to the present .
See that big dip on the right ?
That ’s when Gawker implemented a new , stricter commenting system , in which trusted commenters get preferred access to readers and the unknown hoi polloi have to audition for an audience .
( We wrote about it at the time ; in an internal memo , Denton wrote about “ taking back the site from some commenters who thought they were in charge ” and said “ we ’ll be able to encourage the kind of discussion that * we * want — not one that is dominated merely by the most prolific of our commenters .
It ’s our party ; we get to decide who comes . ” )
In essence , Gawker ’s “ class system ” means unknown commenters get stuck behind a “ show all discussions ” link few users will click .
What most readers will see are only the musings of trusted commenters and the few comments from the riff - raff that either Gawker staff or trusted commenters have decided to promote — the “ featured discussions . ”
( The system also put the most recent comments on top , not on bottom as at most sites .
That would seem to reduce the possibility that a dumb early comment would sway the chain of comments that follow it into irrelevance . )
As the chart shows , the shift led to an immediate decline in comment volume .
( Interestingly , the biggest drop seems to have been at Jezebel , Gawker ’s women - centric site .
Attention communications and / or gender studies grad students :
There ’s a thesis somewhere in there ! )
But comments quickly rebounded and have since skyrocketed at a much faster slope than before the switch .
Some of that is no doubt related to Gawker ’s overall increase in traffic , but the scale of the increase is still remarkable .
Gawker Media CTO
Tom Plunkett posted the chart on his blog .
His interpretation ?
Quality * and* growth — it ’s possible !
We launched tiered commenting mid-year 2009 , and introduced a new process to manage comment volume .
Note the dramatic drop in volume , and the subsequent rise ( double in 9 months ) .
With this increase , Gawker still has the best commenting system / experience out there — and I usually hear the same from people that want to share their opinion …
Though there were some calls to do so , purging commenter accounts is not a solution for the out - of - control commenter community .
Nor is a large moderation staff .
We believe pruning , and a commenting platform as we have implemented , will lead to increased participation , while at the same time encouraging quality .
This data , and the subjective opinion of many , seem to back this assertion .
I ’m a regular Gizmodo and Gawker reader ( and less regular Lifehacker and Deadspin reader ) , and I can add to the subjective opinion that average comment quality is higher than before .
But “ better ” is n’t the only scale on which you can measure comments .
I think the audition - for - an - audience nature of the new system also makes the comments quippier ; Gawker comments can feel like a bunch of wannabe Henny Youngmans spouting one - liners and seeking attention .
But that vibe may have more to do with Gawker ’s content and tone than the details of its commenting policies .
In any event , complaining about awful commenters seems to be the first thing any gaggle of journalists does when lamenting the new news reality .
The default solution has been to say every commenter should have to use his or her real name — a solution with practical as well as ethical problems .
( Although Facebook Connect may be taking away some of the practical concerns . )
Still , there ’s a whole world of ways a news site can improve the tenor of its comments while keeping itself reasonably open .
Gawker Media ’s success is one example of how .
Don Benton , a Republican from Washington state who is running for U.S. Senate against Democratic Sen. Patty Murray , is airing a false and misleading ad that says : " Patty Murray voted to use taxpayer money to give Viagra to sex offenders . ”
The ad goes on to say , “ What if I told you your taxpayer dollars are already doing that ? ”
It ends by urging viewers to “ tell Patty Murray that you ’re sick of her reckless spending . ”
In a graphic on screen , the ad cites a Senate vote taken March 24 on the health care bill that is now law .
Republican Sen .
Tom Coburn of Oklahoma offered an amendment that would have barred qualified health plans in the state - based insurance exchanges from providing coverage or reimbursement to convicted sex offenders for prescription drugs treating erectile dysfunction .
But as we have written before , that was one of numerous amendments offered by Republicans in a failed attempt to force the Democrats to amend the health bill and , thereby , delay its passage by sending the bill back to the House .
Murray and 56 other Democrats voted “ yes ” to “ table ” Coburn ’s amendment – meaning to kill it .
The state exchanges , though , wo n’t be created until Jan. 1 , 2014 , so Americans – including those convicted of sex offenses – wo n’t receive any federal subsidies to buy health plans until then .
That makes the ad quite false when it says “ your taxpayer dollars are already " subsidizing Viagra for sex offenders .
We also find the claim that Murray “ voted to use taxpayer money to give Viagra to sex offenders ” to be misleading .
She supported no such proposal .
It ’s true that the Congressional Research Service said that there was nothing in the new law that would " require qualified health plans to limit the type of benefits that can be offered based on the plan beneficiary ’s prior criminal convictions . "
But strictly speaking , Murray voted against a Viagra ban , and not explicitly to provide Viagra , as this ad claims .
At the time , Democratic Sen. Max Baucus of Montana said of Coburn ’s amendment : “ It is a crass political stunt aimed at making 30 - second commercials , not public policy . ”
And now it is a 30 - second commercial .
Benton began airing it May 5 .
" It sounds silly but about a year ago a board caught my eye and instead of seeing it as part of a computer I saw it as something that could be made into art .
The Hate - America - First outfit Heritage Foundation says the U.S. of A. may be a tad freer when it comes to economics than trans - fat - free Denmark , land of free speech for Islamo - dumbkopfs , but is less free than Canada , a country whose greatest export remains a former pitchman for Molson Export and one of both of the stars of the original Star Trek series [ Correction :
As noted below , Leonard Nimoy is from Massachusetts , not Canada , from whence Bill Shatner comes .
Please fine me two dilithium crystals . ]
In Heritage 's latest index of economic freedom , Hong Kong takes top honors and , as Ricky Bobby 's father might have said , if you 're not first , you 're last .
So while the U.S. technically places eighth , we might as well be tied for 179 with North Korea .
Thanks a lot , George W. Bush Barack Obama .
Big Fat Belated Hat Tip to Alan Vanneman , novelist , critic , and blogger extraordinaire .
An amazingly expensive logo addition !!
I know that logo design , if done correctly can be a time consuming and expensive project but whoever was responsible for producing the logo for the NHS at 60 must have been on a different planet .
Take a look at the above two logos , the one on the left is the original , well known logo for our NHS service , the one on the right was commissioned by the Department of Health to raise awareness and celebrate the 60th anniversary of the NHS .
Right , how much do you think us as taxpayers paid for the simple addition of the number 60 ?
£ 100 ? , £ 200 ?
nope , would you believe me if I said the bill for adding two digits to the original NHS logo cost £ 12,000 .
Yes , you read that right £ 12,000 .
It apparently took two designers ten days to complete and although I do n’t know the full story i’m sure that the design company involved must have been laughing all the way to the bank when the bill was actually paid .
I know the government are also to blame here as they should n’t be wasting taxpayers money like this but I also believe as designers we should be charging honest prices and not ripping off clients whoever they are .
One thing that really annoys me about this is that the design companies that are winning these government design tenders are not only ripping them off but also the taxpayer as we are the ones who are picking up the bill at the end of the day .
Some more examples of excessive charging for government logo design :
£ 21,090
to update the HomeBuy identity , the logo was changed from a yellow - and - blue to a pink - and - purple .
£ 153,522
for the FERA ( The Food and Environment Research Agency ) logo .
£ 30,000
to slightly change the UK Border Agency logo .
Source : telegraph.co.uk
Los Angeles police are hunting a mystery man who fled as they raided his apartment , leaving behind piles of bogus cash , high - tech counterfeiting equipment and weapons , it was reported Friday .
The Los Angeles Times quoted police officers as saying that the 33 - year - old suspect escaped from his high - rise apartment via a back window and via escape in a scene reminiscent of the “ Bourne Identity ” action films .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ He escaped like Jason Bourne , ” Los Angeles Police Department deputy chief Mike Downing of the Counter - Terrorism Bureau , told the Times .
After being given the slip , detectives discovered stacks of counterfeit 100 - dollar bills totaling 15,000 dollars , sophisticated counterfeiting equipment , a camera tripod and a cache of weapons including an AK - 47 assault rifle .
Police also discovered multiple identification documents including passports under different aliases which has left them wondering who exactly they are hunting , the Times reported .
The 3,400 - dollar - a- month penthouse ’s balcony was also directly opposite the US Federal Reserve Building in downtown Los Angeles .
“ The curiosity in this case is the strategic location in which he chose to operate , ” Downing said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The suspect has been named as Brian Alexik , a 33 - year - old from New Jersey .
A man described as an associate of Alexik was arrested Thursday .
But police admit they do not know what Alexik ’s intent was .
“ There were many levels of criminality , ” Downing told the Times .
“ He ’s funding a criminal enterprise .
He ’s dabbling in narcotics , he ’s manufacturing weapons parts .
But what is it ?
Was there a bigger plan ?
What was his intent ?
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We have a lot of questions for him when he is arrested . ”
These are n't predictions .
These are the things that we know will happen this year .
Why ?
Because they happen every year .
10 .
The Yankees will make the playoffs .
9 .
The Red Sox will make the playoffs .
8 . As a result of the Yankees and Red Sox making the playoffs , small market fans will scream for a salary cap .
Red Sox and Yankees fans will laugh at them .
7 .
There will be no salary cap .
6 .
The Cubs wo n't win the World Series .
5 .
Fewer than three Major League players will get busted for steroids .
As a result , Bud Selig will proudly proclaim that " testing is working .
" 4. Jeff Suppan will suck .3 . Some obscure player will start out on fire for the first month of the season .
Mainstream media will fall over themselves , calling him " the real deal . "
Soon after , said player sucks again and mainstream media forgets .
2. Tim McCarver will say dumb stuff and Joe Morgan will attempt to one up him by belittling Sabermetrics .
Both will keep their jobs .
The world will groan .
1 . Hundreds will make safe predictions before the season starts .
Hundreds will make unconventional predictions before the season starts .
No one will be right , but no one will care .
What did I leave out ?
POLICE have urged all teenagers to remove their profile pictures from Facebook and the names of the schools they attend .
The heartbroken family of slain teenager Nona Belomesoff , 18 , who was allegedly murdered by a stranger she met on Facebook , joined the plea .
" You just never know who is on the other side of the internet , you could be talking to anyone , " Nona 's brother Gary Belomesoff , 20 , said yesterday .
He said the family was " severely traumatised " by the loss of his animal - loving sister , who agreed to meet her alleged killer - who had offered to help her into a career rescuing animals - at Leumeah railway station .
Detective Superintendent John Kerlatec urged drastic action to protect children and teenagers against potential internet predators .
" Do n't have a photo of yourself on Facebook .
Have photos only open to friends , " he said .
" Treat each person you talk to as a complete stranger .
" For parents , you would n't invite a complete stranger into your homes and have them sit down with your child for hours on end , so do n't let them sit on the internet talking to strangers for hours on end . "
Supt Kerlatec said that internet predators searched social networking site profiles for children 's interests then , pretending to share them , struck up a conversation .
He warned teens should never agree to meet a stranger they met online unless they were with friends and had also alerted their parents to their plans .
If children listed their school or their interests , Supt Kerlatec said it gave predators vital information to exploit .
Ms Belomesoff's is the second alleged murder of a young Australian woman linked to social networking .
Psychologist Michael Carr - Gregg , who raised warnings about online predators in his book Real Wired Child in 2007 , said : " Sadly , it 's an incredibly steep learning curve we 're all on .
The fact is , it 's dangerous online .
" Young people can get into horrendous trouble .
" They are trusting , and they are being exposed to people who mean to do them harm . "
Ms Belomesoff 's family flooded the internet with their grief yesterday .
Lilia Guan , her cousin , wrote : " I feel nothing but anger . "
Another cousin , Sam Guan , said Nona was " the light of the family " .
Premier Kristina Keneally yesterday joined the calls for caution and offered her condolences to Nona 's family .
" No matter what our age . . . we should be careful of the people who we meet online and not assume that they are who they represent themselves to be , " she said .
" Certainly for parents , it is a tragic yet timely reminder to be aware of what your children are doing online and who they are talking to . "
Christopher James Dannevig , 20 , from Leumeah , has been charged with Nona 's murder and is due to appear in Campbelltown Local Court on Thursday .
Mr Dannevig reportedly had a collection of more than 100 photos of girls , many scantily - clad or striking seductive poses , to his Bebo social networking page .
Ninemsn reported that in a description of himself , Mr Dannevig wrote : " I 'm easy going .
I love to play football .
I 'm just looking for new friends to hang out with . "
A personal survey Mr Dannevig completed on the site showed he listed one fear - going to jail .
PORTLAND hospital was rushed into signing a $ 4.9 million funding agreement for its new GP super clinic so the Rudd government could avoid political embarrassment , a leaked email has revealed .
Hospital management was told to sign the agreement by noon on Wednesday - just moments before shadow treasurer Joe Hockey delivered his post - budget reply to the National Press Club .
Portland District Health chief executive John O'Neill warned his board members of the urgency of the government 's request in an email that morning : " I have been asked to sign this agreement before 12 noon today - that is , before Joe Hockey makes his budget reply …
If not signed , funding will be withdrawn . "
He also forwarded a copy of an email received earlier that morning from the Department of Health and Ageing asking for the agreement to be signed " by lunch time today " .
" Your assistance in expediting this agreement is greatly appreciated , " wrote assistant director of GP super clinics Kerrie Purcell .
class= ” alignleft size - thumbnail wp-image - 20564 ″ title= ” Tron Legacy ” src= ” https://www.heyuguys.com/images/2010/05/tron_legacy_80-220×150.jpg” alt= ” ” width = ” 220 ″ height = ” 150 ″ />
It ’s been a few weeks since we heard anything from Tron Legacy , I think that ’s mainly because of all the Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time fever that ’s going around at the moment .
But put all that aside for the moment as Disney have another HUGE movie coming out at the end of the year in the form of Tron Legacy , the sequel to the highly popular movie , Tron which was released way back in 1982 ( I was 2 ! ) .
If you have n’t seen the trailer for the movie which is directed by Joseph Kosinski and stars Jeff Bridges , Garrett Hedlund , Olivia Wilde , Bruce Boxleitner , James Frain , Beau Garrett and Michael Sheen , then click here before you do anything else and view it .
Then , once viewed , come back here and check out these awesome new images ( courtesy of Filmofilia ) from the movie which I have a feeling could be epic !
I now know what I ’m going to be wearing to my next movie fancy dress party !!
Click the images to enlarge .
What do you guys think of these new images ?
Click them to enlarge .
Ed Rendell points out that the media has been over - hyping these Tea Parties given the very small number of people that have been attending their rallies .
Rendell : I think David the first thing we have to define is what 's the tea party itself .
If you say it 's the anger that people feel about the economy , etc. that 's giving the tea party too much credit .
We had two recent tea party demonstrations in Washington .
One a week before the health care vote drew about 1000 people , the tax day rally by the organizers own estimate was 1500 people .
If I organized a rally for stronger laws to protect puppies , I would get 100,000 people to Washington , so let 's ...
I think the media has blown the tea parties themselves out of proportion , that 's number one .
That did n't sit too well with Marsha Blackburn .
Sorry dear but he 's right .
Those numbers are small and the press has been over - hyping the astroturf movement for obvious reasons , like helping the Republican Party regain power .
As we 've already pointed out here there were huge anti-war protests that the media all but ignored .
Now we get these tiny crowds showing up in D.C. and the media is hyping them with wall to wall coverage .
It 's pitiful .
John Amato : The Tea Party movement is an extension of the conservative movement .
Every poll we 've seen basically pegs them as sore losers .
It 's make - or - break time for Nancy Pelosi with consensus - building , agenda - setting , vote - counting and campaigning .
Pelosi's brutal reality check
Asked this weekend to grade her performance as speaker , Nancy Pelosi gave herself an “ A for effort . ”
But Pelosi knows that the real test is still to come .
Advertisement
Pelosi is inarguably one of the strongest speakers in modern history — an authoritarian figure in an era of centralized power in the House .
But the coming months are a make - or - break period for her , a brutal reality check of her ability to manage all aspects of her job — consensus - building , agenda - setting , vote - counting , fundraising and campaigning .
Now in her fourth year as speaker and eighth overall as the top Democrat in the House , Pelosi has never faced such a daunting set of challenges :
Health care : Pelosi and other top House Democrats say publicly that they have the votes to push through a comprehensive package , but privately , they know they do n’t .
Pelosi must balance the diverging interests of her own members while simultaneously satisfying Senate Democrats and working with President Barack Obama and his chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , a former House colleague with whom she has an uneasy relationship .
The voters :
The electoral winds that were at Pelosi ’s back in the past two cycles thanks to having George W. Bush in the White House are blowing this year in Democrats ’ faces .
Prognosticators both inside and outside the party are laying odds on an outcome that seemed unthinkable just a few months ago : a GOP takeover of the House .
Democratic infighting :
The factions that make up the House Democratic majority , from the conservative Blue Dog Coalition to the liberal Progressive Caucus , are increasingly willing to fight for their own priorities at the risk of party unity .
That dynamic was evident last week when a simple $ 15 billion jobs bill was punted from the floor schedule over a series of Goldilocks - like objections about too little spending , too much spending and misdirected spending .
Brutal campaigning : Pelosi faces a tough year on the fundraising circuit , with a punishing travel schedule and hard environment in which to raise money .
She ’s collected $ 18.5 million for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee — with a goal of $ 25 million for the election cycle — and $ 3.6 million for vulnerable Democratic incumbents and challengers .
But hints of GOP victory in the fall could to make it more difficult for her to raise money from Corporate America and K Street .
Loss of allies : Pelosi suffered a tremendous personal loss with the death of her friend and her most influential ally in the House , Defense Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman John Murtha .
Another of Pelosi ’s powerful colleagues , Ways and Means Chairman Charles Rangel , has seen his influence diminished by ethical problems — including an admonishment last week by the House ethics committee .
The “ bullet in the head ” factor : Pelosi insists she will fight for every Democratic seat this November .
But as Election Day draws nearer , Pelosi will most likely have to make tough calls on which vulnerable Democratic candidates to help and which ones to cut loose .
Those choices would cause conflict in her caucus and could threaten the Democratic majority if she picks poorly .
Internal polls look bad for the Democrats , and Charlie Cook has warned that the party may lose its majority in November .
But in an interview over the weekend , Pelosi said unequivocally that the Democrats will hold on to their majority in November .
“ I ’m not yielding one grain of sand ; we ’re fighting for every seat , ” the speaker said on CNN ’s “ State of the Union . ”
Pelosi ’s supporters point to her past successes as a sign that she ’ll succeed again this year , despite all the obstacles and the gloom and doom .
“ It is fair to say that we are seeing a confluence of some of the most challenging issues in one of the most challenging times , ” said California Rep. Xavier Becerra , vice chairman of the Democratic Caucus .
“ Is she up to it ?
Look at the record .
She is . ”
“ Do I agree that she has a very tough job ?
Yes , ” said Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass. ) , chairman of the Financial Services Committee .
“ Sometimes the job is more fun than other times .
This is n’t one of those times .
But she ’s tough , and I do n’t see any signs of her wilting . ”
Pelosi galvanized and energized a moribund Democratic Caucus to build the foundation for overturning the GOP majority in 2006 and followed it up with a freshman term as speaker that laid the groundwork for another big Election Day victory two years later .
And even as Obama , Emanuel and Reid have struggled to execute the Democratic agenda , she has delivered on her end of the bargain , winning House approval of a health care bill , a climate change bill and a jobs bill .
“ [ In ] the House of Representatives , my mark is the mark of our members .
We have passed every piece of legislation that is part of the Obama agenda .
Whether it ’s the creation of jobs , expanding access to health care , creating new green jobs for the future , regulatory reform , we have passed the full agenda , ” Pelosi said over the weekend on ABC ’s “ This Week . ”
Still , those victories have come at a cost — leaving Democrats in more conservative districts exposed and some others bristling over the “ Pelosi style . ”
“ She does n’t delegate , ” said one House Democrat close to the speaker .
“ It ’s her biggest flaw .
She has to have her hand in every decision . ”
That means there ’s no one else to blame for Democratic setbacks other than Pelosi , and she will have to answer if the party suffers at the polls .
A corollary to that complaint is that Pelosi has dealt with House Republicans ’ penchant for short - circuiting the legislative process by writing key bills in partisan fashion behind closed doors .
That , according to one senior lawmaker , hurts Democrats ’ chances of enacting laws that are acceptable to the public — and it takes committee chairmen and rank - and - file members of both parties out of the legislative process .
“ There are instances in which regular order is not being followed , ” the Democratic lawmaker complained .
Pelosi , who can be as loyal as they come if you ’re her friend , can also be ruthless as a political enemy — especially if someone threatens her party ’s majority .
Pelosi “ will put a bullet in the head of anyone she needs to , ” said a Democratic insider .
“ Rangel , any incumbent that looks like he ’s going to lose .
She ’ll do anything it takes to keep her majority , anything . ”
While Democrats are concerned about their poll numbers , interviews with a broad swath of Democratic members reveal little sense of panic — and some confidence that Pelosi and the party will navigate a choppy stretch ahead and retain their majority in November .
“ Pressure always comes with that job , ” said Rep. Mike Capuano ( D - Mass . ) , a Pelosi ally .
“ There are many of us who think she takes on too much on her own , because we do n’t want her to burn out .
I ’m one of the hardest - working people I know , and she makes me look like a laggard .
I tell you , I think she ’ll be fine . ”
NASHVILLE , Tenn .
– Chicago Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville is calling in the reserves .
Adam Burish and Bryan Bickell have not played in the first three games against the Nashville Predators , but unless Quenneville changes his mind , expect both of them to dress for Game 4 on Thursday , and expect them both to be factors .
In Burish , the Hawks get a pure energy guy .
It ’s important , since it ’s exactly what they lacked in losing Game 3 4 - 1 .
“ That ’s probably what his niche is as far as energy and speed , ” Quenneville said .
“ He gives us a good option . ”
Burish lined up with John Madden and Troy Brouwer during drills on Wednesday .
He ’s been quiet while waiting patiently for his playoff debut .
After practice , he talked of knowing exactly what the Hawks lacked in Game 3 .
“ We have to have more urgency , ” Burish said .
“ We did n’t have that urgency to our game .
In the playoffs , you have to have that . ”
“ They dictated the pace .
To win in the playoffs it ’s not always about your skill .
It ’s about who is going to work harder , who is going to be more competitive , who is going to have that will to win .
When you look across the ice and see that guy next to you , you have to think “ that guy is not going to beat me , he ’s not going to out - will me , he ’s not going to outwork me . ”
If Burish has the pressure of providing sorely missed energy , then Bickell ’s pressure comes in another form .
He ’ll line up with Patrick Kane and Jonathan Toews and be asked to be the muscle who retrieves the puck for the Hawk stars , and then he has to go to the net .
“ At the start of the year , I played with them for about three or four games , ” Bickell said .
“ I guess [ Quenneville ] likes it .
[ We ’ll ] see if we can get a little spark going and get some more offense . ”
From the bench to arguably the Hawks ’ top line , it ’s quite the turnaround .
“ He gives you some size and some speed , ” Quenneville said of Bickell .
“ He ’s got some decent hands and a nice shot as well .
I think we can get some energy off [ him ] as well . ”
Energy and production .
Burish and Bickell .
It ’s worth the try .
The guys in here are some serious gangsters ...
I do n’t know if they took these photos only to laugh or if this is what they really are , but you ’ll get to laugh here … a lot ) )
Heard the one about the German tourist who downloaded a TV program in France and got whacked with a € 46,000 mobile Internet bill ?
How about the UK student who racked up almost £ 8,000 in roaming data charges in two months ?
Hopefully these stories will surface less often thanks to the latest move by the European Union .
As of Monday , EU - governed mobile companies must offer their wandering customers a monthly cut - off limit for roaming broadband access .
Once their bill goes past that specified sum , they 'll be informed that their mobile connection to the Internet has been blocked .
The regulation was passed by the governing body last June .
EU country mobile roamers can choose their data gobbling price ceiling themselves until July 1 , when it will automatically default at € 50 unless they pick some other amount .
They 'll get a warning from their service when they reach 80 percent of whatever maximum they 've chosen .
The decision was presented by EU " Digital Agenda " Commissioner Neelie Kroes as a means to encourage widespread ' Net use among travelers .
" Protection against data roaming bill shocks is a useful step towards building customers ' confidence to use mobile networks to surf the Internet when traveling around Europe , " she said .
Works perfectly
But EU pols have doubtless been getting plenty of outraged e-mails from consumers themselves about this trend .
The case of University of Nottingham student William Harrison is the roaming bill shock horror story du jour .
The industrious lad wanted Internet access while studying in Paris and so attached a USB dongle to his laptop .
The nice lady at the mobile store said this would " work perfectly in France . "
So Harrison dongled away while studying in Gay Paree .
He mostly used Skype ; not a lot of video , he says .
Nonetheless , the scholar was presented with a bill for £ 6,101.56 , followed by another which brought the total to £ 7,648.77 .
Other nasty surprises included a tab for £ 4,900 cheerfully presented to an overseas BBC iPlayer user trying to keep up with her shows .
The grand prize goes a traveling video downloader who picked up a £ 31,500 receipt for a single program .
The EU does n't like this business where a Skype user gets treated as Harrison did .
" There should be no obstacles to the emergence of applications or technologies which can be a substitute for , or alternative to , roaming services , " the Union noted in its bill shock decision " such as WiFi , Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) and Instant Messaging services . "
National limits
But the roaming problem , says the EU , stems from the fact that travelers often find themselves at the mercy of " non-preferred " data networks when their signals are n't strong enough to link to more affordable ( " preferred " ) ones .
Non-preferred services , knowing that donglers and tetherers have no choice at the moment but to access them , sometimes charge at prices 30 times higher than preferred networks .
" In view of the limitations on the ability of national regulatory authorities to deal with these problems effectively at national level , a wholesale price limit on data roaming services should apply , " the Union ruled .
And so , along with the decision leading to Monday 's new anti-bill shock rules , came new roaming price rules too .
These include limiting the ding on an overseas text message to € 0.11 ; a maximum wholesale cap of € 1 per megabyte downloaded over the Web , to drop further each year ; and a maximum tab of € 0.43 for phone calling and € 0.19 for receiving a call .
Operators had to obey the texting and calling rules by July 1 of last year , and the Web surfing cap by this month .
Kroes has been an outspoken critic of what she calls the " fragmentation " of the EU region that makes this data roaming problem possible .
" I want to be clear here , " she told wireless carriers at an industry conference held in Barcelona , Spain in February .
" If you want to take advantage of the current fragmentation of the single market , I will stand in your way .
But if you are ready to operate across the borders in a really integrated European market , I will be your best ally . "
The system could be used for " main road enforcement for congestion reduction and speed enforcement " , and could help to " eliminate rat- runs " and cut speeds outside schools , it added .
It could also reduce the need for speed humps .
Brodeur has won four of last six Vezinas .
MORE ON THE VEZINA TROPHY
In a season in which five goaltenders posted 40 or more wins -- the second time in NHL history this has happened -- six had at least 7 shutouts , and nine posted a goals - against average of 2.40 or lower , narrowing down that list to three finalists for the Vezina was one tough job .
But each of the 30 NHL team general managers were up to the task and came up with three very worthy candidates .
The Vezina Trophy is presented annually to " the goalkeeper adjudged to be the best at his position " as voted by the general managers of each of the 30 clubs .
It was first awarded in 1926 - 27 to honor Georges Vezina , goaltender for the Montreal Canadiens who collapsed during an NHL game on Nov. 28 , 1925 , and died of tuberculosis a few months later .
The winner of the trophy will be announced at the 2010 NHL Awards Show , to be held in Las Vegas on June 23 .
The NHL Awards Show will be broadcast live from the Pearl Concert Theater inside the Palms Hotel Las Vegas on VERSUS in the United States and CBC in Canada .
Here is a closer look at the finalists .
The Devils ' primary netminder since 1993 - 94 , Brodeur is no less dominant at age 37 and was the second oldest goalie in the NHL , trailing only Dwayne Roloson .
"
In my mind , he 's the best to ever play the game , " Atlanta goaltender Johan Hedberg said .
" He 's a proven winner .
It 's always a fun challenge to play against him .
It 's so impressive .
Being that consistent for so many years playing that many games a season it 's just extremely impressive .
He has all the ingredients of just being the best .
He 's always in there ; he very seldom misses a game and is just night in and night out consistent .
" Brodeur led all NHL goalies in games played ( 77 ) , starts ( 76 ) , wins ( 45 ) and shutouts ( 9 ) , was third in goals - against average ( 2.24 ) , and seventh in shots against ( 2,004 ) and saves ( 1,836 ) .
Brodeur 's win total was three behind his NHL record of 48 ( 2006 -07 ) .
He has already captured the 2009 - 10 William Jennings Trophy for fewest team goals allowed .
Memorable highlights of the past season include Brodeur becoming the first goalie in League history to reach 600 career wins , passing Terry Sawchuk as the all - time leader in shutouts ( 110 ) , and passing Patrick Roy for most career games played by a goaltender ( 1,076 ) .
" He's one of the best players ever in goal and , for me , personally , to play against him and Jersey is always tough .
They are one of the more difficult team's in the League to play because of him , " Montreal defenseman Andrei Markov said .
" He 's a legend and future Hall of Famer .
There 's nothing I can say more .
" Brodeur previously won the Vezina in 2007 - 08 , 2006 - 07 , 2003 - 04 and 2002 -03 .
He has also placed second three times , third once , and fourth twice .
On Nov. 17 , 2007 , the Coyotes claimed goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks .
Since then , he 's been their mainstay in net , and after two 26 - win campaigns , Bryzgalov really came into his own in 2009 - 10 .
" You 've got to improve yourself every day , " Bryzgalov said on the eve of Phoenix 's first playoff game since 2002 .
" ... You 've got to develop yourself to be the best .
Only this ... can bring you postseason trophies like the Stanley Cup .
" The native of Togliatti , Russia was second in the League in shutouts ( 8 ) , third in wins ( 42 ) , sixth in goals - against average ( 2.29 ) , seventh in starts ( 69 ) , eighth in shots faced ( 1,961 ) and saves ( 1,805 ) , and tied for ninth in save percentage ( .920 ) .
Several of those figures are career - bests , including a shutout streak of 137:46 , which included parts of three games from Oct. 12-15 .
In 2009 - 10 , Bryzgalov etched his name in the Winnipeg - Phoenix franchise record book , setting a new single - season record for wins , and tying Nikolai Khabibulin 's franchise record for most shutouts in a season .
" He 's been so good and so consistent , " captain Shane Doan said .
" And when Bryzy is really , really good , it looks so easy .
I think sometimes he does n't get the credit he deserves because he makes it look so easy .
He 's so square , and he 's so solid with his technical game .
He just continues to be our best player .
" The only other goaltender in Coyotes team history to place in the top three in Vezina voting is Sean Burke , who placed third in 2002 behind Jose Theodore ( Montreal ) and Patrick Roy ( Colorado ) .
Miller 's seventh NHL season was his finest hour .
He established a single - season franchise with 41 victories , and won at least 30 games for the fifth straight season .
Miller posted the second longest shutout streak of his career , going 148:31 without permitting a goal from Nov. 28 to Dec. 3 .
His superb netminding led Buffalo to its first division title and postseason appearance since 2006 - 07 .
" I want to compete and challenge every night .
I 've worked hard to identify parts of my game that I had to work on the past 3 - 4 years to challenge to be an elite goalie in this League , " Miller said after the first month of the season , when he was the last goaltender to remain unbeaten in regulation .
Among all NHL goaltenders , Miller was second in goals - against average ( 2.22 ) and save percentage ( .929 ) -- both career bests -- third in saves ( 1,948 ) , fourth in wins and shots faced ( 2,098 ) , tied for seventh in games ( 69 ) and shutouts ( 5 ) , and eighth in starts ( 68 ) .
" He 's a pretty in - control goalie , " said New Jersey 's Martin Brodeur , himself a four - time Vezina winner .
" I 've known him for a long time and have played against him for a long time .
He 's a guy that , technique - wise , is pretty together .
He does n't take himself out of the play .
He 's pretty solid and he 's really competitive .
" Miller would become the fifth goaltender in franchise history to win the Vezina .
Dominik Hasek captured the honor in 2000 - 01 , 1998 - 99 , 1997 - 98 , 1996 - 97 , 1994-95 and 1993 - 94 , and Tom Barrasso placed first in voting in his rookie season of 1983 - 84 .
Bob Sauve and Don Edwards shared the Vezina in 1979 - 80 , when the honor was given to the goalkeeper (s ) of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season ( the current criteria for the William Jennings Trophy ) .
Contact Rocky Bonanno at rbonanno@nhl.com
Up Close to Mimas
During its approach to Mimas on Aug. 2 , 2005 , the Cassini spacecraft narrow - angle camera obtained multi-spectral views of the moon from a range of 228,000 kilometers ( 142,500 miles ) .
This image is a narrow angle clear - filter image which was processed to enhance the contrast in brightness and sharpness of visible features .
Herschel crater , a 140 - kilometer - wide ( 88 - mile ) impact feature with a prominent central peak , is visible in the upper right of this image .
This image was obtained when the Cassini spacecraft was above 25 degrees south , 134 degrees west latitude and longitude .
The Sun-Mimas - spacecraft angle was 45 degrees and north is at the top .
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency .
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , manages the mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington , D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed , developed and assembled at JPL .
The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Colo .
For more information about the Cassini - Huygens mission visit http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov .
The Cassini imaging team homepage is at http://ciclops.org .
Credit : NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute
+ High resolution
+ View archive
A US female teacher has shot dead three people and wounded three others after learning she had been denied tenure at an Alabama university , school officials and local media said .
The incident happened at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , and college spokesman Ray Garner told reporters that police had arrested one person and detained another .
" At this point we have three dead , three confirmed people who are dead , " Mr Garner said .
" We have three dead and three wounded , " he added .
Mr Garner said two of the three people injured in the shooting remained in critical condition while a third was in stable condition .
Local television WAFF , citing local authorities , said the shooter was a female staff member who had opened fire after learning at a biology faculty meeting that she would not be granted tenure .
The television station said all three fatalities were staff members at the university .
The local Huntsville Times reported that a female biology professor had been taken into custody and that her husband had been detained .
Erin Johnson , a second - year student , told the newspaper that a biology faculty meeting was underway at the Shelby Centre when she heard screams coming from one of the rooms .
Senator Richard Shelby , the Republican senator after whom the university centre was named released a statement offering his " thoughts and prayers " to students and faculty members , WAFF said .
" I am deeply saddened to hear of this horrible tragedy , " his statement said .
The incident was just the latest in a series of school shootings to rock the United States - most of which have been carried out by students - amid the nation 's ever - prevalent debate about gun control .
The shooting comes more than two years after the southern state of Virginia was left horrified by the April 2007 massacre of 32 people at the Virginia Tech university by a student gunman , Seung - Hui Cho , who turned his gun on himself .
In 1999 , two teenagers went on the rampage at Columbine school , Colorado , gunning down 13 people before killing themselves .
In the first six weeks of this year alone several shootings have already been reported around the country .
Last month , eight people were killed in the southern state of Virginia .
A man surrendered to authorities after a massive manhunt in the woods near the historic town of Appomattox , during which he opened fire at a helicopter aiding the search .
And in early January a disgruntled employee at a Missouri plant of a Swiss power company went on the rampage shooting dead three people and wounding five others .
He also killed himself in the bloody shooting , believed to have been triggered by a dispute with the ABB company over his pension funds .
-AFP
In 2007 , MIT researchers announced that they had discovered a novel way of transmitting electricity without the use of wires .
Now , the researchers have demonstrated that the system ’s efficiency at transmitting energy improves significantly when it is used to charge multiple devices at the same time .
The new work , reported in a paper in Applied Physics Letters earlier this year , has also demonstrated a system much closer to one that could be used to power typical consumer electronic devices .
In the original proof - of - concept in 2007 , both the transmitter and receiver consisted of coils that were about two feet across .
These two units were placed more than six feet apart and were used to light a 60 - watt bulb — even with people sitting in between .
But the new system uses a slightly larger transmitter , with receivers that are only about a foot across – moving closer to a size that could eventually be built into a PC or a television set .
The transmitting coil could be built into a wall or ceiling , the researchers say , and the transfer of power has been shown to work over distances comparable to the size of an ordinary room .
André Kurs , a doctoral student in MIT ’s Department of Physics and the lead author of the recent paper , says this reduction in size of the receiving coil is an ongoing process .
With some more work on further reducing the coil ’s diameter and thickness , “ we could embed it in a portable device , ” he says .
The basic underlying principle for transmitting power wirelessly goes back more than a century to the work of Nikola Tesla and other pioneers of electricity , but the MIT team invented a way of making the process far more efficient and practical .
The system works by creating a strong electromagnetic resonance between the sending and receiving coils — similar to the way a tuning fork can start vibrating when exposed to a sound of exactly the right frequency , or the way a radio antenna can be tuned to just the frequency of a single station out of the hundreds that are simultaneously broadcasting their signals .
In this case , the magnetic resonance between the two coils is unaffected by objects in between the coils , and by the same token objects between the coils — including people — are not affected by the magnetic fields .
The key to that advance — that is , the ability to transmit useful amounts of power using coils of a reasonable size — was found in 2005 by MIT assistant professor of physics Marin Soljačić , who developed the idea along with Kurs , students Aristeidis Karalis SM ’03 ScD ’08 ( now a postdoctoral researcher ) and Robert Moffatt ’09 , and physics professors Peter Fisher and John Joannopoulos .
Although predicted by theory , the increase in efficiency when powering two devices at the same time had not been previously demonstrated in experiments .
The team that carried out the recent work — Kurs , Moffat and Soljačić — found that when powering two devices at once , which individually could achieve less than 20 percent efficiency in power transfer , the combined efficiency climbed to more than 30 percent .
The two receiving coils resonate with each other as well as with the transmitting coil , and help to reinforce the strength of the magnetic field .
Kurs says that the efficiency should continue to rise as more devices are added , climbing toward a theoretical limit of 100 percent .
The research has been funded by the NSF , the Army Research Office , DARPA , and a grant from 3M .
The amount of power transmitted in the latest experiment was on the order of 100 watts , but Kurs says that is only limited by the amplifier used for the transmitting coil , and can easily be increased .
“ It could be several hundred watts , or a kilowatt , ” he says — enough to power several typical household devices at once , such as lamps , computers or television sets .
“ You could feed power to a medium - sized room , and power a dozen devices , ” he says .
The researchers set up a company in 2007 , called WiTricity , to develop the invention and eventually bring it to market .
Most of the Watertown - based company ’s principals and board of advisors are MIT professors , students , or alumnae .
The company originally estimated it would take several years to develop a commercial product , and have “ been making good progress .
I think it ’s reasonably close , ” says Kurs , who works at the company while completing his doctorate .
No further breakthroughs are required , the researchers say , just continued engineering work to find the optimum design of the coils and the electrical control systems .
In addition to working on reducing the size of the receiving coils , the researchers are also trying to improve the system for tuning the devices to achieve maximum efficiency .
In the laboratory tests , they spent considerable time manually tuning each part of the system , but for a practical consumer product this process will have to be fully automated .
“ It does get a little harder to tune multiple devices , ” Kurs says .
A number of other companies have independently jumped on the bandwagon and begun to develop similar wireless power systems , including large companies like microchip maker Intel and electronics giant Sony .
“ Quite a few companies have reproduced the original results , ” Kurs says .
And Tesla , whom the researchers acknowledge in the footnotes to their papers , would no doubt be pleased by the progress .
“ He did have the notion , ” Kurs says , “ but in practice it ’s a hard thing to make work .
You need a good model of how your coupling varies with distance and how to minimize the losses in the system , and people did n’t have a good understanding of it at the time . ”
The second reason , though , is that synthetic C.D.O. ’s gave people like John Paulson a way to short the subprime market .
Mr. Paulson ’s bet against the subprime market , which famously reaped the firm billions in profits , was the subject of a recent book , “ The Greatest Trade Ever . ”
Boy , I ’ll say .
Both Gregory Zuckerman , the author of that book , and Michael Lewis , who wrote the current best seller “ The Big Short , ” make it clear that the heroes of their narratives — the handful of people who had figured out that subprime mortgages were a looming disaster — were pushing Wall Street hard to give them a way to short the market .
Maybe synthetic C.D.O. ’s would have been created even without their urging , but it seems a little unlikely .
They were the driving forces .
It is important to note that every synthetic C.D.O. required both investors who were long and others who were short .
That is , there needed to be investors who believed the “ referenced ” bonds would rise in value , and others who believed they would fall .
Everyone , on both sides of the transaction , understood that .
What makes it feel like dirty pool is the allegation that Paulson & Company and Goldman Sachs were actively involved in choosing the bonds that would be bet on — knowing they were going to be short .
In its filing on Thursday , the S.E.C. charged that Goldman never told investors of Mr. Paulson ’s involvement .
“ Credit derivative technology helped people disguise what they were doing , ” said Janet Tavakoli , the president of Tavakoli Structured Finance , and an early critics of many of the structures that have now come under scrutiny .
There appear to be other examples of this , as well .
Last week , Pro Publica , the nonprofit investigative journalism outfit , reported how a big Chicago hedge fund , Magnetar , helped put together some synthetic C.D.O. ’s — precisely so that it could bet against them .
In his book , Mr. Zuckerman seems to have stumbled onto Abacus and similar deals .
One banker , he writes , “ suspected that Paulson would push for combustible mortgages and debt to go into any C.D.O. , making it more likely that it would go up in flames . ”
Which is precisely what the S.E.C. is claiming .
But in his quest to lionize his central character , Mr. Zuckerman rushes past what by all rights should have been the most shocking revelation in his book .
Mr. Lewis , for his part , recounts a dinner , late in the game , in which one of his heroes , Steve Eisman , is seated next to a man who is taking the long position on many of the C.D.O. ’s he is shorting .
They get to talking , and the man says to Mr. Eisman : “ I love guys like you who short my market .
Without you , I do n’t have anything to buy . ”
He adds , “ The more excited that you get that you ’re right , the more trades you ’ll do , the more product for me . ”
As a reader , it is hard not to love that moment , rich as it is in irony and foreboding .
The guy on the long side — who was making investments that the housing and mortgage markets would remain strong — is an obvious fool ; Mr. Eisman , on the short side the trade , is clearly going to be vindicated .
( And , by Mr. Lewis ’s account , Mr. Eisman never “ helped ” a Wall Street firm pick the bonds for the C.D.O. ’s he was shorting , the way the S.E.C. says Mr. Paulson did . )
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
None of the seafood offered for sale anywhere in Northeast Ohio -- or anywhere else in the country , for that matter -- has been tainted by the oil surging out of damaged BP oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
But that has n't stopped seafood suppliers from raising their prices a bit in anticipation of a smaller supply of shrimp , oysters , blue crabs and snapper .
Jim Catanese , president of Catanese Classic Seafoods on the East Bank of the Flats , which supplies seafood to more than 200 restaurants , clubs and hotels , says prices for shucked oysters and Gulf shrimp have jumped as much as 15 percent .
" I had a deal to buy several thousand pounds of Gulf shrimp , but when I called about it , they said , ' We 're going to hold it and we do n't know how much we 're going to release , ' " he said .
And when they finally do sell it , they told him it 'll cost 10 percent to 15 percent more .
Despite the fact that he can buy seafood from sources all over the world , he 's still watching prices on mahi-mahi , tuna , swordfish , snapper and crab from the Gulf .
" I do n't have to raise my prices on items that I 've already purchased , but when I go to buy again , " he probably will have to , he said .
Eric Schmiedl , general manager of Don's Lighthouse on Cleveland 's Near West Side , has seen the same thing .
" Even though most of the shrimp sold in the U.S. does n't come from the Gulf area , we did notice our prices going up from $ 7.50 to $ 8 a pound , " he said .
" There are some companies who may be taking advantage of that situation to raise their prices . "
Don 's Lighthouse serves fresh oysters , grouper , tile fish and several kinds of snapper from the Gulf , but Schmiedl said he wo n't raise his menu prices unless he 's forced to .
" We do n't knee - jerk react to price increases , we try to ride it out unless it seems like it 's going to be a long - term thing , " he said .
Freeman Ngo , chef and owner of Pacific East sushi and Japanese restaurant in Cleveland Heights , and co-owner of Pacific East 's sister restaurants in Woodmere and Solon , where seafood makes up more than half the menu , has n't seen any increase in his wholesale prices yet .
While he is keeping an eye on the Gulf , he 's not worried about not being able to find fresh fish for his diners .
Around the Web
( nola.com )
( nola.com )
( Montgomery Advertiser )
" Tuna is found all over the world , " he said .
Jeff Heinen of Heinen 's Fine Foods does n't expect the spill to have much impact on his stores , " because we actually do n't get much seafood from the Gulf . "
The Gulf snapper and grouper for sale in his stores were caught closer to the Florida Coast , and all the Gulf shrimp " was caught prior to the spill , " he said .
" The shrimping areas have not really been affected yet . "
As for his wholesale prices , " we 've seen a very slight uptick in prices , but nothing that we 've passed on , " he said .
At Giant Eagle , spokesman Dan Donovan said : " We cannot speculate on the spill 's impact looking forward , but that it is currently having no impact on seafood prices in our stores . "
Catanese 's biggest fear is that the upcoming hurricane season could blow the oil slick around the Florida Keys and up the Eastern seaboard .
" Depending on which way the wind blows , it could be devastating , " he said .
" It 's certainly fair to say that the market will go up on this , but how much it 'll go up is anybody 's guess , " he added .
" I 've never seen any kind of crisis happen and people not raise prices . "
Lufthansa and Air Berlin have questioned the decision to close much of Europe 's airspace , saying it is not based on proper testing and their aircraft showed no signs of damage after flying without passengers .
" The decision to close the airspace was made exclusively as a result of data from a computer simulation at the Volcanic Ash Advisory Centre in London , " Air Berlin chief executive Joachim Hunold told the Bild am Sonntag newspaper .
" Not one single weather balloon has been sent up to measure how much volcanic ash is in the air . "
Lufthansa spokesman Klaus Walter told Bild : " The flight ban , made on the basis just of computer calculations , is resulting in billion - high losses for the economy .
" In future we demand that reliable measurements are presented before a flying ban is imposed . "
Lufthansa flew 10 aircraft without passengers from Frankfurt to Munich on Saturday , not as proper test flights but to prepare for air traffic returning to normal , Lufthansa spokesman Wolfgang Weber said .
" The planes were analysed and show no signs of damage , not even the slightest scratch on the cockpit glass , the fuselage or the engines , " Mr Wolfgang said .
The aircraft flew at heights of between 3,000 metres and 8,000 metres , " and apparently up until 8,000 metres , there is no volcanic ash , " he said .
However earlier Germany 's national air safety agency DFS said the country 's airspace would remain closed until at least 8:00 pm local time on Sunday .
Lufthansa said it was cancelling all its flights until the same time .
All the country 's 16 airports were paralysed including Frankfurt , one of Europe 's busiest hubs .
Qantas calls Australians home
Australian travellers are also likely to remain in travel limbo with Qantas urging its passengers stranded in Asia to return to Australia .
The airline has cancelled its flights between Asia and Europe until at least Tuesday afternoon .
But Qantas spokesman David Epstein says he is not confident that flights to the region will resume on Wednesday .
Singapore Airlines predicts it will be at least another 24 hours before it can resume flying to the region .
Mr Epstein says it is better for passengers to wait in Australia rather than add to the accommodation pressures in Asian stopover destinations .
He says more than 12,500 people have been affected .
" Some of those people have been able to make new arrangements and we 're increasingly bringing people back from Asian ports and indeed overnight we 've brought back I suppose a further 300 people into Australia , " he said .
" And we would encourage more people who are stranded in Asia to consider that option . "
- AFP/ ABC
This is the post that started it all : the genesis of Barrel Aged Cocktails .
Inspired by a visit last October to see Tony Conigliaro at the unnamed bar at 69 Colebrooke Row in London last fall , where Manhattans are aged in glass vessels to sublime and subtle effect , the barrel aged cocktails I ’ve been serving at Clyde Common this year are a decidedly American curiosity .
The rub of aging cocktails in a glass bottle is that the whole premise is built upon subtlety , as we know that spirits aged in glass or steel do so at an unremarkable pace .
Being from the United States , where – as everyone is aware – bigger equals better , I pondered the following question : what if you could prepare a large batch of a single , spirit - driven cocktail and age it in a used oak barrel ?
A hundred some - odd dollars in liquor later , I was nervously pouring a gallon of pre-batched rye Manhattans into a small , used oak cask whose previous contents were a gallon Madeira wine .
I plugged the barrel and sat back in anxious anticipation ; if the experiment was a success I ’d have a delicious cocktail to share at the bar – if it was a failure then I ’d be pouring the restaurant ’s money down the floor drain .
Over the next several weeks I popped open the barrel to test my little concoction until I stumbled upon the magic mark at five - to - six weeks .
And there it was , lying beautifully on the the finish : a soft blend of oak , wine , caramel and char .
That first batch sold out in a matter of days and I was left with a compelling need to push the process even further .
Barrels I ’ve been ordering my used whiskey barrels from Tuthilltown Spirits in Gardiner , New York .
They sell a three - gallon charred oak barrel that previously held their lovely whiskey , for around only $ 75 .
Now , three gallons of Negroni might not be practical for the home enthusiast , but the average bar or restaurant should be able to afford that sort of quantity quite easily .
For those of you trying this at home , try searching the internet for one - gallon charred oak casks ( stay away from the fancy lacquered kind meant for display in dens and 1980s wine bars ) and be sure to let us know what you find in the comments section below .
We procured a small number of used whiskey casks from the Tuthilltown distillery and proceeded to fill them with a large batch of Negronis ; and that ’s when the magic of barrel aged cocktails grabbed our attention .
After six weeks in the bourbon barrel , our Negroni emerged a rare beauty .
The sweet vermouth so slightly oxidized , the color paler and rosier than the original , the mid-palate softly mingled with whiskey , the finish long and lingering with oak tannins .
We knew we were on to something unique and immediately made plans to take the cask aging program to the next level .
Negronis are now prepared in five - gallon batches and poured into multiple bourbon barrels .
Robert Hess ’ ubiquitous Trident cocktail is currently resting inside single - malt barrels .
The El Presidente ( à la Matt Robold ) , Deshlers , Remember the Maines , they ’re all receiving the oaked treatment in a little storage room in the basement of the restaurant that I refer to as my “ office ” .
Once the cocktail is aged long enough for my taste , I then drain the bottle , straining out any charred bits of wood , and bottle the contents for use by my bartenders .
To order , the cocktail is then measured out and poured over ice in a mixing glass , stirred , strained into a cocktail glass , and then garnished with the appropriate garnish .
It ’s quick and simple , as all of the real work has already been done by the barrel .
Anyway , on to the recipes .
As simple as it seems to do , I figured not everyone is going to want to do the math to get started on some of these recipes , so here are a few I ’ve figured out :
Negroni
Makes Three Gallons
128 oz ( approximately five 750 ml bottles ) dry gin
128 oz sweet vermouth
128 oz Campari
Stir ingredients together ( without ice ) and pour into a three - gallon oak barrel .
Let rest for five to seven weeks and pour into glass bottles until ready to serve .
Manhattan
Makes Three Gallons
256 oz ( approximately ten 750 ml bottles ) rye whiskey
128 oz ( approximately five 750 ml bottles ) sweet vermouth
7 oz Angostura bitters
Stir ingredients together ( without ice ) and pour into a three - gallon oak barrel ( I prefer a barrel that has previously stored sherry , Madeira , or port wine ) .
Let rest for five to seven weeks and pour into glass bottles until ready to serve .
Trident
Makes Three Gallons
128 oz ( approximately five 750 ml bottles ) aquavit
128 oz dry sherry
128 oz Cynar
7 oz peach bitters
Stir ingredients together ( without ice ) and pour into a three - gallon oak barrel ( I prefer a used single malt barrel ) .
Let rest for five to seven weeks and pour into glass bottles until ready to serve .
And be sure to check out this video of the barrel - aged cocktail process , courtesy of our friends Grant Achatz , Craig Schoettler and Josh Habiger at Alinea in Chicago :
President Hamid Karzai on Thursday lashed out at American and European officials , saying they bore responsibility for fraud in last summer ’s presidential election , fraud his supporters were accused of engineering .
Karzai ’s angry rhetoric marked a sharp escalation of tension over parliamentary elections that are scheduled to take place in September .
The vote is seen as yet another test of Afghanistan ’s struggling democracy , and for the U.S. - dominated military coalition that supports the Afghan government .
International officials have said that the September balloting must meet far more stringent standards of fairness than did the presidential election in August in which Karzai ’s camp was alleged to have carried out massive vote - rigging .
Karzai was eventually declared the winner and inaugurated to a second five - year term , but only after a bruising battle over the outcome .
A runoff vote was canceled when his opponent , Abdullah Abdullah , dropped out of the race .
The Afghan leader ’s relations with the West deteriorated markedly in the wake of the flawed election , and have yet to recover .
Karzai ’s comments , at a meeting of election officials , came four days after President Obama visited Kabul with a dual - edged message : a coveted invitation for Karzai to visit the White House next month , coupled with a stern call to rein in rampant corruption .
The Afghan president ’s incendiary rhetoric also came a day after the lower house of parliament unanimously rejected a decree Karzai had issued that gives him the authority to exclude foreign participants from a fraud - monitoring panel , which last year threw out nearly a third of the ballots cast for him .
The parliamentary vote was in some respects symbolic , because the measure now will go to the upper house , which tends to be more compliant to the president ’s wishes .
Karzai also had already reached an accord with the United Nations that would allow the world body to appoint two of the five members of the Electoral Complaints Commission , though the status of that compromise is now in doubt .
In his remarks Thursday , Karzai singled out American Peter Galbraith , the then - No. 2 U.N. official in Afghanistan , and Gen. Philippe Morillon of France , who chaired a European Union monitoring body , as bearing responsibility for the fraud in the presidential election .
“ Foreigners . . . do not want us to have a parliamentary election , ” Karzai told the election gathering , citing “ massive interference ” from the international community in the August vote .
laura.king@latimes.com
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A furious transatlantic row has erupted over quotes that were attributed to a retired Italian bishop , which suggested that Jews were behind the current criticism of the Catholic church 's record on tackling clerical sex abuse .
A website quoted Giacomo Babini , the emeritus bishop of Grosseto , as saying he believed a " Zionist attack " was behind the criticism , considering how " powerful and refined " the criticism is .
The comments , which have been denied by the bishop , follow a series of statements from Catholic churchmen alleging the existence of plots to weaken the church and Pope Benedict XVI .
Allegedly speaking to the Catholic website Pontifex , Babini , 81 , was quoted as saying : " They do not want the church , they are its natural enemies .
Deep down , historically speaking , the Jews are God killers . "
The interview was spotted on Friday by the American Jewish Committee , which said Babini was using " slanderous stereotypes , which sadly evoke the worst Christian and Nazi propaganda prior to world war two " .
On its website , the American Jewish Group Committee quoted bishop Vincenzo Paglia , an official at the Italian Bishops ' Conference , as saying Babini 's remarks were " entirely contrary to the official line and mainstream thought of the Catholic church " .
As the interview appeared on Italy 's main newspaper sites today , complete with the American reaction , the Bishops ' Conference rushed out a statement quoting Babini denying he had ever given the interview in the first place .
" Statements I have never made about our Jewish brothers have been attributed to me , " he said .
Babini has previously been quoted on the Pontifex website accusing Jews of exploiting the Holocaust , as well as criticising homosexuality .
As cases of alleged priestly abuse emerge in the US and Europe , Benedict 's handling of proven molesters before he became pope in 2005 has now been questioned in cases in Munich , Wisconsin and , most recently , in California , where his signature appears on an 1985 letter resisting calls to defrock a paedophile priest .
The commandeering of natural resources , goods , and money from poor countries is an old story .
But tools for dominion evolve , and now a new wave of land takeovers by international monopoly capital is taking place .
In an era of climate change , economic collapse , and a billion people hungry , that ’s bad news .
Governments or corporations , often government subsidized , have since 2006 acquired or leased almost 50 million acres .
Another 50 to 75 million acres are under negotiation .
That total exceeds twice the acreage of the U.K .
The Indonesian government announced plans in March for a four million acre “ integrated food and energy estate ” in Papua to “ turn Indonesia into one of the world ’s biggest food producers , ” according to IRIN News .
Indonesian and foreign corporations will invest $ 6.6 billion to grow rice , maize , soy , and sugar cane .
Saudi billionaire Mohammed al - Amoudi leased 2,500 acres of Ethiopian land for 99 years to grow vegetables under plastic for Middle Eastern consumers .
That ’s in addition to his planned $ 2 billion investment in 1.25 million acres so that “ one of the hungriest countries in the world ” ( reporter John Vidal ) can provide Saudi Arabia with wheat , rice , vegetables and flowers .
Ethiopia has 7.5 million acres available for industrial farming .
The Nigerian government would open up 87 million acres of land for lease to Gulf Arab countries .
China will be producing palm oil on seven million acres in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Indian companies control land in Ethiopia , Kenya , Madagascar , Senegal , and Mozambique .
South Korean corporations recently bought 1.75 million acres in northern Sudan for wheat cultivation ;
The giant Brazilian sugar corporation COSAN funds foreign purchases of Brazilian farmland .
Brazilian investors , with government support , buy land for food and biofuel production in Latin America and Africa .
The government finances infrastructure projects in Guyana in support of rice plantations on ecologically sensitive , indigenous lands .
In this “ new chapter , ” corporations and joint ventures are “ investing enormous amounts of money in land , food production , the export and import of commodities , and food - market speculation . ”
Money comes from “ US and European pension funds , banks , private equity groups , and wealthy individuals . ”
Click here .
One impetus comes from supposed food shortages attributed to oil price rises , lack of water , and diversion to biofuels .
Yet world food production increased 25 percent during the 1990’s .
Saudi Arabia and other Middle Eastern countries are looking to food production abroad to save on water used for irrigation .
Land accumulation is profitable with possibilities of 25 percent on investment .
And heavily populated , well - to - do countries are hedging bets against climate change , population growth , and drought .
New industrial uses require agricultural products , notably biofuels .
Land grab has consequences .
Analysts cite loss of national sovereignty from waning jurisdiction over corporate controlled lands .
Dilution of state responsibilities to citizens at risk leads to fractured governance .
Without land and unable to produce food , small farmers become wage slaves or migrate to cities .
Dealings between corporations and governments are marked by corruption . .
Governments are prone to see obligations to corporations as requiring the criminalization of land defenders .
Indian ecologist Vandana Shiva in March warned of damage to land sustainability from chemicals , pesticides , herbicides , fertilizers , and genetically modified seeds used in industrial agriculture .
“ We are seeing dispossession on a massive scale [ and ] less food is available and local people will have less , ” she stated , emphasizing that “ The small farmers of Africa are the basis of food security . ”
According to GRAIN , Corporations “ want to dismantle our relationships and connections .
They no longer need to invade :
They can make commercial deals .
They no longer have to carry the burden of maintaining slaves ; they can rely on a ready supply of low - wage labor .
They are no longer responsible for crushing the rebellious ; the host governments will deal with those issues . ”
http://www.grain.org/articles/?id=61
Yet the South African government is proposing “ limits to land ownership by its own citizens and foreigners . ”
Demonstrations in Cambodia in March forced cancellation of a 23,800 acre land concession awarded the Phnom Penh Sugar Company .
In Colombia the two year old SALSA campaign , a nationwide alliance of indigenous and Afro-Colombian peoples , is protesting diversion of land to agro - fuel production .
Last year , popular protests forced South Korean industrial giant Daewoo to drop plans to lease 4.7 million acres in Madagascar for corn and palm oil production , half the island ’s arable land .
I teach at a high school program for gifted students which emphasizes math , science , and technology .
Currently we have two computer labs for the students : A new programming lab ( all Dell PCs running XP , MS Visual C++ , Eclipse , and SolidWorks for programming and CAD ) and an old general - purpose lab ( all Macs running OS X 10.3 , with software ranging from some legacy OS 9 science applications to MathCad ) .
Most of our students eventually pursue graduate degrees in science and engineering , and we would like them to have experience with the tools they will find out in industry .
As we look to replace the old machines , there has been a push to switch to PCs with XP so that there is only a single platform to support .
There are over 5000 machines on the district 's network and the IT department is very small ( fewer than 10 people ) , so the fewer hardware and software differences between the machines , the better .
Without opening a flame war as to which one is ' better , ' I 'd like to know what those of you in the science and engineering fields actually use more in your labs ( hardware , OS , software ) , so that we can decide which platform to support .
It will most likely have to be either XP or OS 10.6 , with very restricted permissions to students and teachers , as that is the comfort level of IT and administration , but I 'll push for whatever would benefit the students the most .
Listen to the podcast with Van Jones ( mp3 )
Today , we celebrate the 40th anniversay of Earth Day — just a week before Sens.
John Kerry ( D - MA ) and Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) are expected to come forward with new energy legislation that will launch the United States into a new clean energy economy .
A lot has changed in the past 40 years , and so we asked CAP Senior Fellow Van Jones what he thinks about Earth Day this year and what the modern day environmentalist looks like .
His short answer ? : “ It ’s [ a ] Earth Day 2.0 moment …it ’s going to be a different kind of environmentalism .
Sleeves rolled up , hard hat , lunch bucket , that ’s going to become the image of the environmentalist rather than just our beloved tree huggers . ”
Now that we ’ve become a little more environmentally savvy , Earth Day means some people are going out and buying Priuses and taking eco-friendly vacations .
But let ’s put this Earth Day in the context of the Great Recession .
There are families struggling across the country .
What does Earth Day mean for them ?
Well , first of all , Earth Day is changing .
Earth Day at 40 is very different than Earth Day at 20 .
I remember Earth Day at 20 .
I was in college and it was really all about the birds and the bees and that kind of stuff .
Now , it ’s much more about economic opportunity .
The next 40 years of environmental policy will be primarily economic policy as we begin to repower America with cleaner energy .
Solar panels do n’t put themselves up .
Somebody ’s actually got to get a job to put those solar panels up .
Wind turbines do n’t manufacture themselves .
Homes do n’t retrofit and weatherize themselves .
So everything that is good for the environment is a job .
I think we need to be a lot clearer about that , a lot louder and prouder about the fact that what we need to do to repair the “ earth ” and beat the global recession is the same thing we need repair the environment and beat global warming .
It ’s actually literally the same type of activity .
So what are some of the smart policies that are out there right now either in play or being proposed that could actually go a long way to what you ’re talking about ?
I ’m most excited about the proposal for HOME STAR , which is so - called Cash for Caulkers , which is about making people ’s homes better .
Right now people are paying 20 , 30 , 40 percent too much on their energy bills because we do n’t have the right insulation , we do n’t have the right windows , we do n’t have the new boilers and furnace , but nobody ’s got any money to go get all that stuff .
And so HOME STAR would actually give some tax credits and some support for ordinary Americans to go and say , “ I ’m going to invest in my home .
I ’m going to save on energy . ”
But that ’s also going to stimulate the economy and give somebody a job to come in here and install all that stuff .
What ’s so important about energy efficiency — everybody talks about solar panels and that ’s the kind of sexy stuff — but these hardworking energy efficiency dollars are the most fiscally conservative and possibly high - impact dollars we can spend in the short - term .
So these are the kinds of proposals , I think , that it ’s kind of like Earth Day 2.0 moment that we ’re in where it ’s going to be a different of environmentalism .
Sleeves rolled up , hard hat , lunch bucket , that ’s going to become the image of the environmentalist rather than just our beloved tree huggers .
You said there are a lot of important debates coming up very soon .
How important is it to hear the voices of diverse constituencies and everyday people in these debates around energy policy and legislation ?
Well , I think that coming up next week we ’re going to see a renewal of this debate because Sen. Kerry and Sen. Graham and Sen . [ Joe ]
Lieberman will be coming forward — allegedly — next week with a new proposal that will begin to get us off overseas oil and will begin to put people to work in giving us energy independence and cutting carbon .
Ordinary folks need to be able to step up in that because there ’s going to be a lot of people that want this bill to only help the energy companies and not to help ordinary people .
And there ’s going to be the opportunity for regular people to get real actual benefits — to get refunds .
People are like , “ oh , I ’m scared of this energy bill because it ’s going to make my energy bill go up , ” but there ’s a way you can actually get a refund on your energy bill and actually wind up with more money in your pocket if you make your home more energy efficient .
So we ’re going to see a tug of war now between the interests that want to keep things in the old way and people that want to do things in a new way .
You say , “ why is it important for ordinary voices to be heard ? ”
Well , because frankly , if we had a clean energy economy , we would have more work , more wealth , and better health for regular people .
That ’s what ’s not getting through .
There are way more jobs putting up solar panels , building smart batteries , making wind turbines , putting them up , than we will ever have again in America in the coal lines .
Period .
If you want a jobs agenda , we need to be moving toward a technology - based job agenda rather than continuing to pull down on our natural resources that we are now beginning to see dwindle here in America .
You ’ll have more wealth .
There are way more entrepreneurial opportunities for new businesses and new products and new services in the clean energy space .
Not many people are going to go out and start an oil company tomorrow .
But people can go start a solar company tomorrow .
So just straight - up common sense .
There ’s more wealth to be had for ordinary people in a new economy .
And also from a health point of view , the green agenda is about cleaner air , cleaner water , healthier food .
And so the stuff that ordinary people are dealing with — the questions around work , wealth , and health — we have much better answers , those of us who are champions for the green economy , than the people who are the champions of the dirty energy economy .
Listen to the podcast with Van Jones ( mp3 )
Van Jones is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress focusing on “ green - collar jobs ” and how cities are implementing job - creating climate solutions .
After several hours with an iPad today , the app I was most mesmerized with was Maps .
One word : Wow .
When showing off the iPad to others , the Maps app consistently made people 's jaws drop ( even more so than the Marvel Comics app , which I also find pretty magical ) , and rightly so .
Never have I seen such a fast , intuitive piece of technology for geographical navigation .
That 's exactly how mapping software should be : immediately responsive and easy to use to keep up with you on the road .
For that reason alone , to me the lack of GPS in the Wi-Fi iPad is a dealbreaker .
When writing Wired.com 's iPad buyer 's guide , I highlighted the 32 - GB iPad 3G as our top pick , listing the inclusion of GPS as one of the key points .
But now that I 've spent a good deal of time with an iPad , I 'm confident to say that that distinction alone should be enough to get you sold on the 3 - G iPad , especially if you 're the type who travels or commutes , even if only occasionally .
You might think , " Just how would an iPad fit in as a navigator ?
It 's way bigger than most GPS devices . "
That 's why it 'd work .
You 'll no longer have to pan all over the place and squint at a map to get a clear visualization of your route :
It 's all nicely laid out in the map on the 9.7 - inch display .
The fact it 's so easy to use is another big factor .
Imagine going on a road trip and handing the iPad to a person in the passenger seat and asking him or her to look up directions .
I 'm willing to bet that even without ever using an iPad , any passenger will be able to launch the Maps app and look up directions within a few seconds .
The Street View mode is even more impressive .
Tap the marker of a location and it immediately zooms in and shows a panoramic view ( as pictured above ) , which you can rotate 360 degrees , giving you a visual of your destination .
Speed , ease of use and comprehensiveness :
These elements add up to the convenience we 've always wanted from a GPS device that no one has delivered until now .
Today I bought the Wi-Fi iPad for the Wired office — but for me personally , I can wait for the 3 - G iPad , which comes out late April .
See Also :
Rick Wilking / Reuters and Ethan Miller / Getty Images
Jay Adelson , chief executive of Digg , the user - driven social news Web site , announced on Monday that he would step down as head of the company .
Kevin Rose , Digg ’s original founder , will be taking over as the new chief executive .
The change signals a dramatic shift in management style for Digg .
Mr. Adelson was a behind - the - scenes , collected , business - savvy manager .
In comparison , Mr. Rose , the public face of the company , is a gregarious socialite who often appears at parties with major celebrities and on mainstream television shows .
People with knowledge of the situation , who asked to remain anonymous because of its sensitivity , said Mr. Adelson ’s departure was partly due to frustration among the venture capitalists who have invested $ 40 million in the company but have yet to see a return .
Digg was one of the earliest social media Web sites , growing quickly in the early days of Web 2.0 and appearing on the cover of major business magazines .
Yet recently , other social services , including Twitter and Facebook , have displaced Digg as tools for Web users to share links to news and information .
As a result , Digg ’s traffic has dropped ; according to an analysis from Compete , Digg has lost nearly 5 million unique users since September of last year .
Mr. Adelson wrote in a company blog post that his decision to move on was part of an “ entrepreneurial calling , ” and that he hoped to “ incubate some new business ideas over the next twelve months . ”
However , one of the people familiar with the situation said , “ Either Kevin or Jay had to go , and Kevin is the face of the company , so it fell on Jay to leave . ”
The person said Digg ’s venture backers , which include Greylock Partners and Omidyar Network , knew the company had been slow to innovate recently , and although Digg executives have tried to sell the company several times in the past few years — even coming close to a deal with Google — each possible acquisition has fallen through because of Digg ’s overblown financial requests .
In a written response to the transition , Mr. Rose thanked Mr. Adelson “ for the last five years of amazing work ” and called him a “ great friend and mentor . ”
But he quickly moved on to discuss his new role : “ While I ’ll miss working with Jay day - to - day , I am excited to be taking on the role of Chairman and acting CEO , driving Digg forward on our promise to enable social curation of the world ’s content and the conversation around it . ”
In the face of several electoral challenges from tea party - connected candidates , Texas Republican Congressman Ron Paul cautioned in a recent interview that “ neocon influence ” is “ infiltrating ” the movement he is often credited for creating .
Speaking to MSNBC host Rachel Maddow on Tuesday night , Paul first took up for the tea parties as a natural reaction of the people when they are unhappy with government .
What they are not , he explained , are entirely adherent to his ideas .
Paul suggested that the group only “ sometimes ” represents his views .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ My message is somewhat different , ” he said .
“ The message gets somewhat diluted ” with large movements of this nature .
“ Everybody likes to join what looks like a popular movement , then they want to come in and influence that movement , ” Paul continued .
His core issues , such as creating transparency at the Federal Reserve , recalling overseas soldiers and ending the drug war , are “ not what is generally heard from the Republican party , ” he said .
“ Sometimes the tea party accepts these ideas , sometimes they do n’t . ”
“ Neocon issues in public policy are not exactly dead these days , ” he explained , seemingly pointing to the Obama administration .
“ Progressive Democrats are n’t really happy with foreign policy . …
That ’s the infiltration , philosophically , in different positions . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Ultimately , “ Our country really is bankrupt and that ’s what they ’re unhappy about , ” Paul concluded .
Paul , whose son Rand is running for U.S. Senate in Kentucky , did n’t seem to flinch when Maddow asked how he feels about Sarah Palin ’s recent endorsement of the younger Paul ’s campaign .
“ Probably would n’t be any different ” with most Republicans , he said , emphasizing that he hopes his libertarian - leaning ideas would ultimately influence both parties , not just win over one .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was broadcast by MSNBC on Tuesday , Feb. 9 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
London , England ( CNN ) -- Volcanic ash from Iceland snarled air traffic across Europe for a second straight day Friday , causing the cancellation of thousands of flights , according to the intergovernmental body that manages European air travel .
The plumes have closed some of Europe 's busiest airports , including Charles de Gaulle in Paris , London 's Heathrow and Schiphol in Amsterdam .
Airspace over much of the United Kingdom was closed to all flights except emergencies at least until 7 p.m. ( 2 p.m. ET ) on Friday , Britain 's air traffic authority , NATS , said .
" In general , the situation cannot be said to be improving with any certainty , " the NATS Web site said .
i Report : Have your plans been disrupted ?
Send your images , videos
France , Germany , Ireland , Sweden , Norway , Belgium , Denmark , Poland and the Netherlands also announced the complete or partial closure of their airspace , authorities in each country said .
Norway 's airspace closure included cancellation of helicopter flights to off - shore oil installations .
" All flight [s ] are canceled at all airports in Norway , " Avinor , the Norwegian agency responsible for the Norwegian airport network , said late Thursday .
" The closure also includes the oceanic control area , affecting intercontinental flight . "
Germany closed its airports in Berlin and Frankfurt , airport officials told CNN .
Volcanic ash can cause jet engines to shut down .
i Reporter captures footage of eruption
Delta Air Lines canceled 65 international flights from its U.S. hubs scheduled over Thursday night and Friday morning in response to the ash cloud .
The decision affected flights to Amsterdam , London , Dublin , Brussels in Europe and to Mumbai in India .
Whether the airline resumes flights to such destinations will be determined later Friday , Delta said .
Air China announced the cancellation of most of its Friday flights to Europe .
" Air China will pay close attention to the effects of the volcanic ash , " the airline said .
Hong Kong - based Cathay Pacific also canceled or delayed flights from Hong Kong to London , Paris , Frankfurt and Amsterdam .
It 's hard to predict how long it will be before air travel can resume , said Matthew Watson , a geophysicist , at England 's Bristol University .
" You really need two things to happen : you need the volcano to stop emplacing ash to the altitude that commercial aircraft fly at , 30 - 35,000 feet , and you then need the upper level winds to blow the ash and disperse it out of the airspace , " he told CNN .
How long that will take " depends very much on the volcano .
If this is it and it 's stopped right now and it does n't do anything else ...
I imagine you are looking at 24 to 48 hours to clear U.K. airspace , " he said .
Many airports were already shut and flights were grounded across the United Kingdom on Thursday because of the ash , which came after an eruption under an Icelandic glacier early Wednesday , airport authorities said .
The eruption -- the latest in a series that began on March 20 -- blew a hole in the mass of ice and created a cloud of smoke and ash that went high into the air .
The volcano was creating floods in the area and producing a lot of volcanic ash , a spokesman for Iceland 's Department of Civil Protection and Emergency Management told CNN .
An emergency evacuation affecting 800 people was conducted near the volcano due to flash flooding from glacier waters , according to Rognvaldur Olafsson of Iceland 's civil protection agency .
The same people had fled the area the night before and allowed to return to the area early Thursday .
The disruption caused havoc for air travel around the world .
" There will be an immediate impact today in terms of passengers not being able to travel , " said independent air transport consultant John Strickland , of JLS Consulting in England .
" The key thing is we do n't know how long it 's going to last ... but even if that were to be resolved , it will take some significant time for airlines to recover . "
Flights to the United Kingdom from Japan , China , Hong Kong , India and Australia were affected , and Etihad Airways announced the cancellation of flights between Abu Dhabi and England .
The Air Transport Association of America said member airlines canceled about 165 flight to and from Europe on Thursday due to the volcanic activity .
U.S. carriers operate 337 flights to and from Europe each day , according to the association , whose members carry more than 90 percent of U.S. passengers .
The U.S. Air Force said two bases in England , RAF Mildenhall and RAF Lakenheath , will be shut down for at least two days .
That meant dozens of U.S. Air Force F - 15s and other fighter jets and tankers are not flying , and flights to Iraq and Afghanistan flying through that airspace are being diverted to other routes .
The ash was n't necessarily visible in the air , but Manchester Airport spokesman Russell Craig said it can still pose a threat to aircraft .
" If you think about the way an aircraft engine works , it sucks in air , it compresses it , forces it out on the other side .
That creates thrust , " Craig told CNN .
" If that air were mixed with ash , it can cause engine failure and electrical difficulties with an aircraft .
It 's happened before , and the aircraft did n't come out the other end in one piece . "
Eric Moody was the pilot aboard a British Airways flight that managed , barely , to fly through volcanic ash thrown up by Mount Galunggung in Indonesia in 1982 .
All four of the engines stopped because of the ash , and the plane glided through the air for about 15 minutes , he told CNN on Thursday .
" The engines just ran down , " Moody said .
" We could n't see out the windscreen and half the electronic aids to landing were n't working , either . "
Explainer :
Why ash cloud endangers aircraft
Passengers were told to prepare for an emergency crash landing , with Moody making this now - famous announcement to passengers : " Good evening , ladies and gentlemen , It 's Captain Eric Moody here .
We 've got a small problem in that all four engines have failed .
We 're doing our utmost to get them going , and I trust you 're not in too much distress . "
Eventually at 13,000 feet , the engines started working again and the plane was able to land .
That , said Moody , is why this Icelandic ash could be so dangerous .
" I do n't know how thick this ash is , but I would n't go anywhere near it , " Moody said .
Nick Grahame , a chief forecaster at Britain 's weather service , the Met Office , said it is hard to predict where the ash cloud will go next .
" The Met Office forecast at the present time , based on the emissions at the moment , suggests that the plume will come across the U.K. , and also Scandinavian countries in particular , over the next 24 - 36 hours , " Grahame told CNN .
" If the volcano continues to erupt through Friday into the weekend , then obviously the ash will spread further , but that 's something we are not clear about at the moment . "
Capt .
Bob Jones of the Civil Aviation Authority said Britain will not reopen its airspace until the threat is over .
" It very much depends on the location of the ash , but needless to say , we 're taking extreme caution , " Jones told CNN .
CNN 's Claudia Rebaza , Melissa Gray , Mike Ahlers , Per Nyberg and Carol Jordan contributed to this report .
MONTREAL — A 42 - year - old pregnant woman says she will be at Montreal 's international airport Tuesday morning where she is to be deported to her native Guinea , even though she fears for her life and that of her unborn baby .
Sayon Camara
Sow will leave Canada despite last - ditch attempts by her husband and supporters to keep her in the country .
Camara Sow begged Immigration Minister Jason Kenney Monday to step in and allow her to stay in Canada until her baby is born .
" I want the minister to help me to stay here , beside my husband , " an emotional Camara Sow said .
" I 'm sick , I 'm pregnant and I 'm afraid that at my age , I may lose my baby . "
Sow is 24 weeks pregnant , has Type 2 diabetes and had a miscarriage last year .
She is being followed by a high - risk pregnancy clinic at Montreal 's Maisonneuve - Rosemont Hospital .
Dr. Fanny Hersson - Edery said Camara
Sow will not have access in Guinea to the kind of medical care required for a high - risk pregnancy .
Her lawyer , Stewart Istvanffy said Camara Sow 's life and that of her baby are at risk if she is returned to Guinea .
" We hope this situation will upset Canadians and they 'll let our government know we should n't be treating a pregnant woman that way , " he said .
Neither Camara
Sow nor her husband have family in Guinea , located in Western Africa , for her to live with .
Hersson - Edery said she also can't afford to buy in Guinea the insulin she needs for her diabetes .
Staff at Kenney 's office said the file is in the hands of the Canada Border Services Agency .
A spokesman for CBSA said people are only deported once all their legal avenues have been exhausted .
Camara
Sow fled an abusive husband , now deceased , in 2006 .
She said her uncle married her off as a third wife to a rich man who beat her , sexually assaulted her , and cut her face with a razor blade .
AAAAhh …. Star Wars fans … go get your paper vomit bags .
Here you will admire 50 handmade catastrophic Star Wars costumes .
Your eyes could actually bleed so be prepared …
Turn down that boom box and call all your friends on your Motorola DynaTAC cellular telephone :
It 's morning in the multiplex !
Again !
Reanimated Reagan - era pop culture is omnipresent .
As Hollywood 's bathysphere of originality plunges to exciting new depths , at least half a dozen twentysomething zeitgeist brands —
The A - Team , Nightmare on Elm Street , The Karate Kid , Red Dawn , Tron — are being stop - lossed and redeployed as big - budget , big - screen diversions : 2009 , which featured Transformers 2 and GI Joe , was a mere ' 80s McNugget compared to the massive ' 80s McDLT that is 2010 .
Of course , these flicks will be " updates , " and as a guy who romanticizes that brief , bright , buffoonish age when the universe seemed mastered , girls just wanted to have fun , and hawks were all " mo " and no " faux , " I 'll miss the shoulder pads , the high - tops , the laissez - faire stereotyping and sexual harassment .
But you know what I wo n't miss ?
The tech .
It does n't travel .
It does n't charm .
It became kitsch the instant it hit the screen , and it 's aged about as gracefully as Mickey Rourke .
Take Oliver Stone 's 1987 polemic Wall Street , which gets a sequel in April ( on the heels of last year 's smash - hit sequel to the ' 87 banking crisis ) .
The film is n't about tech ; it 's about money and manhood and the hazards of hair gel .
Still , the image that sticks with me is n't corporate raider Gordon Gekko ( Michael Douglas ) holding forth on the goodness of greed ; it 's the briefcase - sized cell phones .
Stone probably never imagined how distracting those bricks would be three decades on — he was , after all , just trying to be " current , " and in the '80s gadgetry was currency .
It was a decade of Walkmans and Whiz Kids and WOPRs , of phone - home Speak & Spells and pulsating MIDI soundtracks courtesy of Vangelis .
Suddenly , the consumer electronics sector went from spear - carrying extra to leading man , thanks mostly to the new and still - magical PC .
Of course , technology was making cameos in film before disco died and Dire met Straits : Humphrey Bogart 's showy car phone in Sabrina ( 1954 ) comes to mind , as do the " electronic brains " Tracy and Hepburn squabble over in 1957's Desk Set .
( And that 's leaving aside the flagrantly fantastical doodads of Bond , Kirk , and company . )
But the ' 80s brought something new to the soldering table : Faddishness and consumerism were ascendant , as the shiny microchip promised to deliver us from the grim medievalism of the 1970s .
In the ' 80s , tech became fashion : image - fixated , time - stamped , and decidedly deciduous .
Problem is , silicon 's hipness half - life is even shorter than fashion's .
Fashion can circle back ( ironically or sincerely ) and sample from its past .
Art , architecture , music , and even automobile design can do the same .
But not tech .
Like the proverbial shark , it moves forward or it dies .
More than 20 years later , the cycle of obsolescence continues — in fact , it 's accelerating .
Hollywood is still losing a doomed Atalantan footrace with Moore 's law .
One has only to watch " computer expert " Harrison Ford fumblingly hack a pink iPod mini in 2006 's Firewall or giggle at the terrifyingly low tech phones in 2008 's One Missed Call to realize how poorly recent devices age onscreen .
But what can directors do ?
It 's a cyborg world ; technology mediates nearly every human interaction , and filmmakers must reflect that , unless they 're planning to set all of their tales on Pandora or in the 1890s .
It 's a paradox — one that only great pop storytelling and a talent for mythologizing the Right Now can resolve .
I point to films as diverse as WarGames ( 1983 ) , Jurassic Park ( 1993 ) , and the criminally underseen byte - geist chiller Primer ( 2004 ) , all of which boldly appropriated the technology of the moment , celebrated it , and then transmuted it into something timeless , as iconic as a Saturn V rocket or a ' 57 Chevy : signs of not just the times , but of where we 've been and where we 're going .
So put that in your Droid and dial it , Gekko — quick now , before Droids go the way of the laser disc .
Emailscottiswired@gmail.com .
You ’ve probably seen a bunch of tutorials or articles about HTML5 on design blogs recently , but did n’t try to use it because most users will not be able to view it anyway .
Now to motivate you , I compiled a few HTML5 demos that should make you want to start learning this new markup .
Be aware that you may not be able to see some of the demos .
To know what elements of HTML5 your browser supports , take a look at this chart .
If you only have time to watch one of the demos suggested in this article , take a look at this great slideshow by APIrocks .
It is not the most spectacular demo in the list , but it gives some cool examples with explanations and code examples .
Ready to see some videos in your browser with no plugin or flash required ?
If so go take a look at SublimeVideo .
I ’m not even mentionning how gorgeous the player is or how cool the full - window functionality is .
This will probably not only blow a video in your browser , it will also blow your mind .
It ’s very experimental and hard to see a use for this , but it ’s good to see that technical limits will be pushed .
The screenshot that you see under this text is taken from the Tetris 3D created in javascript by Ben Joffe using the HTML5 canvas element .
Do n’t miss his other games and demos , it ’s just amazing .
Another HTML5 demo using canvas , it shows you some molecules in a rotation .
And much more
On the HTML5 demo site , go take a look there .
Getting started with HTML5
DESCRIPTION :
Stephanie was actually paid for this shoot .
She was n't buying any of my bullshit , so I had to entice her with cash .
She was worth every penny of the $ 200 that I paid her ;)
... Show more
Show less
Scientists at Cambridge have developed a simple , accurate way of " seeing " chemistry in action inside a lithium - ion battery .
By helping them understand how these batteries behave under different conditions the new method - which involves Nuclear Magnetic Resonance ( NMR ) spectroscopy - could help researchers solve the fire safety problems that have dogged the development of these batteries .
Lithium-ion battery technology has enabled the development of many electronic devices we now take for granted , such as laptop computers and mobile phones .
Lithium battery technology will also be crucial for the development of the next generation of electric cars such as the Nissan Leaf , due to be built in the UK from 2013 .
But lithium batteries have one serious disadvantage : over several charge and discharge cycles , particularly if the batteries are charged quickly , minute fibres of lithium , known as dendrites , can form on the carbon anodes .
These lithium fibres can cause short circuits , causing the battery to rapidly overheat and catch fire .
Writing in the journal Nature Materials , Professor Clare of the University of Cambridge says : " These dead lithium fibres have been a significant impediment to the commercialisation of new generations of higher capacity batteries that use lithium metal as the anode instead of the carbons used today . "
Scientists have use theoretical models and optical and scanning electron microscopes to study dendrite formation , but finding a way of quantifying the amount of dendrites formed has proved elusive until now .
The paper describes using a new method based on NMR spectroscopy to see chemistry in action within a tiny , 1 cm long , battery enclosed in the same kind of aluminium bags used to keep coffee fresh .
According to Professor Grey : " Fire safety is a major problem that must be solved before we can get to the next generation of lithium - ion batteries and before we can safely use these batteries in a wider range of transportation applications .
Now that we can monitor dendrite formation inside intact batteries , we can identify when they are formed and under what conditions .
Our new method should allow researchers to identify which conditions lead to dendrite formation and to rapidly screen potential fixes to prevent the problem . "
Lithium battery technology is based on three components , a cathode , an anode and an electrolyte that can allow for rapid transport between the two electrodes .
On charging , lithium ions are extracted from the cathode , along with electrons .
The lithium ions move through the electrolyte , while the electrons are driven through the external circuit , to reach the anode where the anode material , typically a graphitic carbon reacts with the lithium ions and is reduced by the electrons .
Highly oxidized ( cathode ) and highly reduced ( anode ) materials result .
On discharge - ie , when the cell is used to generate energy - this process occurs in reverse .
Explore further Tin-sulfur - lithium -ion battery as alternative to conventional lithium batteries
More information : Rangeet Bhattacharyya et al , ' In situ NMR observation of the formation of metallic lithium microstructures in lithium batteries ' is published online in Nature Materials on 16 May 2010 .
Herein I 've collected links and information related to the notorious XBox 360 disc scratching problem .
UPDATE : 2015 - Apr -14
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Seattle has overturned a 2012 decision by U.S. District Judge Ricardo Martinez in Seattle , which dismissed claims against Microsoft based on a 2009 ruling that was later overturned as well .
The upshot is that the class action against Microsoft for knowingly selling defective consoles will continue .
This is encouraging news , but the fight is far from over .
Still , it 's a step in the right direction .
Even if nothing else ever comes out of this process , I 'll be satisfied if Microsoft admits the defect and its subsequent failure to provide appropriate relief to affected customers .
UPDATE : 2012 - Jan-06
It seems clear that Microsoft still has not modified their production specifications for the 360 - not even for newer models .
Several comments on my related Youtube videos are from people who bought recent 360s and are seeing the typical long , axial scratches associated with this problem .
Here 's a recent example : " Purchased a 250 GB slim model for xmas 2011 .
Barely 2 weeks old and yesterday noticed a circular scratch around a game disk , rendering it unplayable .
xbox is laid horizontal right next to my ps3 .
never moves .
Desk is not flimsy either and fixed to the wall for stability .
i assumed that the issues that plagued earlier 360's would have been fixed in the new model .
How foolish of me to assume this .
Are MS still blaming consumers for this ? " -- purplepulser
Overview
For those of you unfamiliar with this issue , here 's a summary : from its introduction onwards , users of the XBox 360 ( hereafter 360 ) have reported incidents of game discs being scratched during game play .
These scratches are unusual in that they occur while the disc is in the 360 , as opposed to the more typical scratches we see on all optical discs that occur when the disc is mishandled or not stored in its case .
Further , while handling - related scratches are random in appearance , these 360 - specific scratches appear as arcs of varying length in the data area of the disc , with the arc centered on the disc 's axis of rotation .
Sometimes these arcs extend all the way around the disc , and in extreme cases a series of complete or partial circles is in effect cut into the surface of the disc .
This gave rise to the often - used but misleading name " perfect circle scratch . "
Many of these scratches are quite deep , again setting them apart from the more typical handling - related scratches .
Users report that even slight movement of the console during gameplay , especially if the console is set up vertically , produces a very nasty grinding sound , after which visual inspection of the game disc will show the typical scratches and the game , or parts of it , will no longer function .
I 'll keep adding notes and links to this space , so stay tuned .
The Facts
The XBox 360 is a consumer device , designed to be used in high - traffic , family areas of the household , by children of all ages .
It was designed to be run in two orientations : horizontally and vertically , as evidenced by the rubber feet on the console and countless advertisements .
The XBox 360 was designed to use standard COTS ( Consumer , Off The Shelf ) , OEM ( Original Equipment Manufacturer ) DVD drives with custom firmware .
Some COTS DVD drives are better than others .
One way in which they differ is in the extent to which a loaded disc can move without coming into contact with some kind of padding .
Some drives are designed to avoid this issue by clamping the disc into place firmly .
Drives that do not prevent the disc from lifting out of the tray in some fashion or prevent discs from making contact with hard internal surfaces are 100 % CERTAIN to cause scratches if the drive is rotated / rolled while the disc is spinning and the laser head is positioned over the disc .
A disc spinning in a DVD drive can be made to lift or tilt out of the disc tray in a variety of ways .
Clearly , rolling or rotating the drive is the most straightforward way to do this .
But almost any type of movement has a chance to cause the disc to tilt slightly .
Worse yet , many game discs have a lot of silk - screened graphics on their top surfaces .
If the graphics are not distributed evenly across the surface of the disc , the disc will be slightly unbalanced .
Spin such a disc up to full speed , and the result is wobbling .
If the wobbling gets bad enough , the disc can tilt up high enough to come into contact with hard internal surfaces such as the laser head .
My own testing shows that when one of these flawed DVD drives spins up to its maximum speed , as when a game starts , there is a very noticeable wobble .
The wobble happens again when the drive spins down from higher speeds to lower speeds .
This is made even worse by the fact that DVD drives are constantly changing speeds when in use .
The drive has to do this to maintain a constant read speed as the read head moves back and forth from the inner part of the disc to the outer part .
So it appears that the layout of the data on a disc may affect its likelihood of getting scratched !
Some 360s were manufactured with DVD drives that do not properly limit the movement of discs .
Products like the 360 are manufactured in batches , with parts ( like DVD drives ) purchased from other manufacturers in large lots .
For each given manufacturing run , the manufacturer and model of DVD drive used depends on current availability and price , so it tends to vary .
When an XBox 360 game is running , the game disc is always spinning .
The main reason for this is that the 360 must load game content from the game disc during play , and if the disc was allowed to spin down , there would be long pauses in game play while the disc spins up whenever new game content is loaded .
Just how often game content is loaded from the disc depends on the game , but it 's typically frequent .
So rather than allow such delays , Microsoft decided to keep game discs spinning .
This situation finally changed with the November 2008 XBox 360 update , which now allows users to copy a game 's content to the 360's hard drive , allowing the game to load game content from the hard drive instead of the DVD during play , which in turn allows the game disc to spin down during play .
The COTS DVD drives used in the XBox 360 were and are used in other computer products , most commonly desktop computers .
A DVD drive without sufficient disc movement restriction , if used in a desktop PC , nevertheless has only a small chance of scratching discs , compared with an XBox 360 .
That 's because : a ) desktop PCs are much less likely to be moved during use than game consoles ; and b ) there are very few desktop PC applications that require a disc to remain spinning for extended periods of time .
PC games do not run from the disc but are installed onto the hard drive , so they spin for perhaps five minutes during installation , then for a few seconds each time the game starts after that .
Even burning a large amount of data to a DVD is likely to keep the disc spinning for only 10 to 20 minutes at the most .
Analysis
Put all this together and what you have is an unfortunate but understandable mistake on the part of Microsoft that led to some 360s - when moved or used with certain game discs - scratching discs .
I was unlucky enough to purchase one of those 360s and although I never used the 360 in a vertical position and was extremely careful not to move the 360 while it was running , it scratched several of my discs badly .
The worst scratches were on a sports title from EA that has heavy silk - screening on the upper surface , mostly on one side of the disc .
These scratches occurred within a few hours of purchasing the game .
When I contacted Microsoft , the person I spoke to was sympathetic , but clearly she was following a script that did not allow her to admit any culpability on the part of Microsoft .
She simply kept reiterating that I must have somehow moved the 360 during use .
I sensed her discomfort , and after repeatedly insisting that I had done no such thing , I eventually felt sorry for her and gave up .
Clearly , Microsoft felt that to admit that this problem was somehow their fault would be very expensive for the company .
But was it the right thing for them to do ?
From my perspective , certainly not .
From Microsoft 's point of view , given how little money they were making on the 360 , it made sense in the short term .
In the long run , however , this decision may end up costing Microsoft more than if they had simply done the right thing in the first place .
What should Microsoft have done ?
First , when they discovered the problem , they should have changed their manufacturing standards for the 360 such that drives without adequate disc movement restriction would NOT be used in future manufacturing runs .
Second , they should have owned up to the problem and offered free or even low - cost DVD drive retrofits for affected 360s .
Third , they should have provided some form of compensation or at least much more useful assistance to users with scratched discs .
Instead , what Microsoft did was : a ) deny that there was any problem with the 360 hardware ; b ) insist that any scratches are due to user mishandling of the disc or the console ; c ) add text to the console and documentation warning users not to move the console during operation ; and d ) FAIL to modify their production specifications to eliminate the use of DVD drives that do not prevent the disc from making contact with the laser head .
None of these actions or failures to take action reflect well on the giant corporation , but that last one is the real kicker for me .
It would be a very simple matter for Microsoft to modify its production specs in this regard .
They made other changes because of the Red Ring of Death problem - why not this ?
The answer seems to be that at some level , Microsoft still does not understand the true nature of this problem : some of the DVD drives in 360s are not appropriate for use in a game console .
When you manufacture a game console , it should be fairly robust .
Microsoft knows this already , as shown by the 360 controller , which is very solidly built ( despite other problems ) .
If you discover that game discs are being scratched in normal use , you have a problem ; analyze it fully and modify your production specs accordingly .
Despite having made other changes to their manufacturing process , Microsoft is apparently still using inappropriate DVD drives in some XBox 360 production runs .
( 2010 - Nov - 13 : A commenter on one of my Youtube videos says he just bought one of the new slim 360s and it scratched one of his discs .
Sadly , Microsoft is apparently still not listening . )
Recommendations and Preventative Measures
Test your console with a demo disc
One source of confusion has been the fact that not all 360s cause these scratches .
For example , my first 360 definitely did scratch discs , while my second does not .
When I bought my second 360 , I foolishly assumed that Microsoft had at least recognized that the problem could be reduced by improving their production standards for DVD drives .
I was aware that they had made similar changes in relation to the RRoD problem , so I was optimistic .
As it turns out , the new 360 was quieter , ran cooler and more reliably , and - fortunately - it does not scratch discs .
I confirmed this with a simple test : using a demo disc included with a gaming magazine , I started one of the demo games , and with the game running and disc spinning , I rotated the console from side to side and back and forth .
No grinding noises occurred and the game continued playing .
Ejecting the disc revealed no new scratches .
Performing this test on my first 360 resulted in the disc lifting out of the tray and hitting the laser head , causing loud grinding noises and , of course , major scratches on the disc .
This is an inexpensive way to determine for certain whether your 360 is one of those which will cause scratches .
Some time after I performed this test , I learned that I had simply been lucky , since other recent 360 buyers were finding that their discs were being scratched by the new console .
Clearly Microsoft is still building 360s with inadequate DVD drives .
The only way to know for sure whether you have one of these 360s is to perform a similar test .
Several things may occur during the test : if you 're lucky , nothing will happen ; the game will continue to play and no scratches will be made .
The disc may come unseated , causing the drive to stop , but no scratches to be made , which is also a good result .
And of course , you may hear that terrible grinding noise , and see new scratches on the disc .
If you 're unlucky enough to have a disc - scratching 360 , you may find the following recommendations helpful .
Horizontal orientation
Position the 360 horizontally , not vertically .
This will not prevent scratches from occurring , but since in a horizontal orientation the console is more stable , the chances of scratches occurring will be reduced .
Place padding under the console
Again , while this will not prevent scratches , it may help .
Testing has shown that even fairly small vibrations can cause enough movement in the disc to bring it into contact with the laser head .
Be careful to avoid plugging vent holes since that could cause the 360 to overheat .
Keep it away from the subwoofer
If you have a home theatre system with a subwoofer , the low frequency vibration from that speaker could cause enough disc movement to lead to scratches .
Keep the 360 as far from the subwoofer as is practicable .
Install games on the hard drive
If you play a particular game for extended periods , consider installing it onto the 360's hard drive .
You 'll still need the disc to be in the DVD drive to start the game , but it wo n't be spinning while the game is playing so it can't be scratched .
Unfortunately , most 360 configurations include fairly small hard drives , which limits the number of games that can be installed to two or three , but hard drive upgrades are available .
Do n't leave games running
If you 're not playing a game , do n't leave it running .
The longer a game runs , even if it 's paused , the longer the disc spins , and the greater the chance that some kind of bump or vibration will cause the disc to be scratched .
Unfortunately , not all games include a reasonable save mechanism , which might tempt you to leave such a game running to avoid losing your progress .
This is not recommended .
What to do if a disc becomes scratched
If it 's a game published by Microsoft , they will replace it for $ 20 .
Not a particularly attractive option .
Some game stores will replace damaged discs .
Check the store where you bought the game .
Some game stores provide disc repair services .
Check the stores near you .
Buy a disc repair kit , such as the Memorex Optifix Pro .
These kits are available for about $ 20 and do a fairly good job of polishing out or filling in scratches .
Use toothpaste or another mild abrasive like Brasso to polish out the scratches .
WARNING : for this to work , you must do it properly !
See my video on this subject , linked below , as well as the full procedure , also below .
Repairing scratches with toothpaste
When I started looking for solutions to this problem on the web , I immediately started seeing a lot of weird home remedies for disc scratches .
Many of them seemed bizarre , to say the least .
However , since Microsoft was no help at all , and the game I most wanted to play was in fact unplayable , I figured I had nothing to lose .
I decided to try toothpaste .
I reasoned that since toothpaste is usually mildly abrasive , it might polish out the scratches .
I also knew that axial scratches - the ones that go around the disc like the ones caused by 360 drives - are extremely difficult for an optical drive to read through , and that radial scratches ( from the center of the disk outward , like spokes ) are much easier to read through .
This I had learned from the excellent NIST articles related to optical discs ( warning - PDF ) .
Imagine my surprise when the toothpaste actually worked !
Some time later , I posted a video and instructions showing how to repair discs with toothpaste .
Here 's the procedure :
I use regular white Crest .
The toothpaste must be abrasive ; it should feel slightly gritty between your fingers .
Put a small amount on your fingertip and rub from the center of the disc outward over the scratch towards the outside edge of the disc .
Repeat many times .
Eventually you will see the scratch fade .
Where it was you will see lots of light scratches where you were rubbing .
This is normal .
Rinsing the toothpaste off between each rubbing helps .
If you have lots of scratches or they extend all the way around the disc this can take a while ; work on the ones that show up from several different angles as they are typically the deepest .
I 've heard elsewhere that Brasso works .
I may try it if the need ever again arises .
I should caution you , however , against polishing the disc in circles .
Any axial scratches have the potential to cause read errors , and polishing in a circular motion will cause fine axial scratches to be created .
Everything I 've read on the subject says to use radial polishing motions only ( from the center outward ) .
I work on fingertip - width sections ( about a centimetre long arc ) , rubbing fairly vigourously from the inside to the outside only .
Each application and subsequent rubbing takes about 30 seconds , then I rinse and repeat .
I usually have to do that 5 to 10 times for each section .
If you only have one small scratch , you 're done after one section , but if a scratch goes all the way around it takes a lot longer .
You 'll get better at judging how hard to press with your finger as well .
Do n't leave the toothpaste on the disc .
That wo n't do anything useful .
The toothpaste is used as a rubbing compound .
You literally rub the scratches out .
IMPORTANT : the rubbing action should ONLY be from the center of the disc outward , never around the disc .
Just use your fingers .
When you 're ready to test , dry the disc off with a soft cloth .
If it does n't yet work , work on the disc some more .
Permanent fix
If you have the stomach for it , you can permanently fix a disc - scratching 360 by installing pads into the DVD drive .
I say that because doing this will almost certainly void your warranty , since it will typically involve physically opening the console .
I have heard that there are pad installation kits that work without opening the case , but I 've never seen one so can't comment on them .
When I realized that my 360 was going to keep scratching discs - especially my favourite games (! ) , I decided to bite the bullet and install pads inside the DVD drive , as described on llamma.com .
So I opened the 360 , voiding my warranty in the process , removed the DVD drive , opened its lid and had a look .
What I found confirmed what I had been reading : there was nothing in the drive preventing a spinning disc from coming into contact with the laser head .
I had some strips of adhesive padding used for furniture , so I cut it into short strips and stuck four pads under the drive lid where they would do the most good , put it all back together , fired up the 360 and tested it with a demo disc .
I rotated , twisted , shook and spun that 360 around like crazy , and all that happened was that - eventually - the disc came out of the tray and the drive stopped .
No grinding sounds , and NO NEW SCRATCHES .
Yay !
Links
Videos
What I 've learned from my YouTube videos on this subject
As you can see from the number of views and other stats for these videos , this is a popular subject .
How many people would search for , find , watch , favorite , rate highly or comment on a video of an old dude complaining about his game console unless they had experienced similar problems ?
I 'd say close to zero .
And there are plenty of similar videos on YouTube and elsewhere .
Now consider this : for every annoyed XBox 360 owner who posted a video about this , there are probably a thousand others who experienced this problem but are not inclined to whine about it in public .
Now you can start to see the magnitude of this problem .
Summary of comments for the toothpaste repair video ( as of Sep. 2009 ) :
Helped ( disc fixed ! ) : 70
Did n't help : 62
Many of the negative comments were from people who apparently did n't perform the procedure properly .
Some probably had scratches that were just too deep to fix .
At least , that 's what I tell myself .
A few people recommended dumping the 360 and getting a PS3 .
And of course there were the usual random insults and gibberish .
And a few declarations of love from satisfied viewers !
Update : September 16 , 2009
My second 360 just died of Error E74 , which is related to the Red Ring of Death problem .
I 'll be sending it back for repair .
See my separate post about this .
Suppose humans were born with magical buttons on their foreheads .
When someone else pushes your button , it makes you very happy .
But like tickling , it only works when someone else presses it .
Imagine it ’s easy to use .
You just reach over , press it once , and the other person becomes wildly happy for a few minutes .
What would happen in such a world ?
You could imagine that everyone in the world would be happy just about all the time .
People would make agreements with each other to push each other ’s buttons on a regular basis , thus guaranteeing the complete and utter happiness of all humans .
No , I ca n’t imagine that either .
The first thing that would happen is that we ’d create some rules of etiquette saying you ca n’t press anyone ’s button without explicit permission .
That makes sense , since sometimes you need to get some work done , and happiness can make you lose focus .
You would n’t want people making you happy against your wishes .
The next thing that would happen is that people would realize they can sell the button - pushing service .
People would stop giving it away for free .
You ’d be begging people to press your button and it would just seem pathetic .
You might get some takers for a brief button - pushing fling , but it would get tiresome to push another person ’s button every few minutes all day .
Perhaps some people would give their button - pushing services away for free , to anyone who asked .
Let ’s call those people generous , or as they would become known in this hypothetical world : crazy sluts .
Button pushing would become an issue of power and politics within relationships and within business .
The rich and famous would get their buttons pushed all day long , while the lonely would fantasize about how great that would be .
I ca n’t think of any imaginary situation in which long term happiness could come from other people .
The best you can hope for is that other people wo n’t thwart your efforts to make yourself happy .
Carl Sagan said that the weak rays of our Sun during Earth 's early years should have created a planet ensconced in ice .
Yet somehow Earth 's temperature 's been mostly constant , and above freezing .
Now two Danish scientists think they know why .
Advertisement
Carl Sagan and George Mullen put together the ' faint young sun ' paradox in 1972 .
It boils down to this : Early in the 4.5 billion year life of our planet , the sun would have been functioning at 70 % capacity , which should lead to a planet covered in ice .
Yet all analyses point to a fairly constant temperature over most of that time , which was warm enough for liquid H2O .
How did the planet manage to avoid becoming an icy sphere ?
Up until now , the predominant theory was that the Earth must have had a much thicker greenhouse layer — comprised of approximately 30 % CO2 — in the distant past in order to create the extra heat needed to keep us from becoming an ice planet However , Professor Minik Rosing , from the Natural History Museum of Denmark , recently analyzed samples of 3.8 - billion - year - old mountain rock from the world 's oldest bedrock , Isua , in western Greenland .
According to these samples , CO2 levels were 3 - 4 time their current amount , which is nowhere near what would be required for the planet to still have liquid water on it .
Advertisement
Rosing , along with Christian Bjerrum , from the Department of Geography and Geology at University of Copenhagen , have a different theory for the apparently odd warmth of our hunk of rock .
Says Rosing :
What prevented an ice age back then was not high CO2 concentration in the atmosphere , but the fact that the cloud layer was much thinner than it is today .
In addition to this , the earth 's surface was covered by water .
This meant that the sun 's rays could warm the oceans unobstructed , which in turn could layer the heat , thereby preventing the earth 's watery surface from freezing into ice .
The reason for the lack of clouds back in earth 's childhood can be explained by the process by which clouds form .
This process requires chemical substances that are produced by algae and plants , which did not exist at the time .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
While this does seem to be a rather circular argument — the water remained liquid because it was liquid to begin with , and the sun could heat it directly — it provides a possible answer to the paradox .
Rosing also believes it will influence how we approach current views on greenhouse gas and carbon emissions :
Today the [ CO2 ] graph is turning upward .
Not least due to the emissions from fossil fuels used by humans .
Therefore it is vital to determine the geological and atmospheric premises for the prehistoric past in order to understand the present , not to mention the future , in what pertains to the design of climate models and calculations .
Advertisement
[ via Nature ]
Image of Antarctica , via Antarctic Photo Library
Business leaders have been arguing passionately that the public sector needs to become more efficient .
You 'll recall that the equivalent of a plane - load of them publicly backed the Tories ' general election campaign to make additional savings in public expenditure this year - in order to avoid that national - insurance rise they hate .
Well , it 'll be interesting to see how they respond , now that their dreams have been made a reality .
Because a good proportion of the savings announced today will hit them directly .
So , for example , the Treasury has announced £ 1.15 bn of cuts in discretionary spending by Whitehall on items like consultancy and travel .
Who receives the bulk of such largesse ?
Well , it 's private - sector consultants and travel companies .
There 'll also be £ 95 m of IT savings - again a squeeze on monies handed over to private - sector contractors .
A further £ 1.7bn will be saved from delays and cancellations to contracts and projects - which is probably £ 1.7bn of revenue that wo n't be received by companies .
On top of all that , there are the reductions in funding for regional development agencies , which could have an effect on financial support received by many thousands of businesses .
In other words , the harsh reality of making government more efficient may not be quite so appealing as the theory to the many business leaders who sell goods and services to the public sector .
As for those business leaders who recognise that there 's no gain without pain , they 'll only be half - impressed by today 's one - off cuts .
They 'll see most of today 's savings as so - called low - hanging fruit , blindingly obvious examples of eliminating unnecessary expense : what they 'll want to see is a cultural revolution , to improve productivity for years to come and create a waste - averse climate in every allegedly cushioned nook and supposedly feather - bedded cranny of the public sector .
Meanwhile , there 's another paradox about the effect on jobs of today 's cuts .
George Osborne said - and passionately believes - that the cuts in public spending that he announced this morning , and the further and deeper cuts that will be chosen in the autumn , will over time create jobs rather than contribute to intractable long - term rises in unemployment .
The chancellor bases this optimistic view on the assumption that shrinking the public sector , and narrowing the gap between what the government spends and what it receives in taxes , will liberate the private sector - which , he hopes , will create the jobs that are shed by the public sector .
How compelling is this argument ?
Well , most would concede that interest rates paid by households and businesses will be lower , in the absence of a collapse in confidence in the government 's ability to pay its debts - and that therefore the interest burden on the private sector is irretrievably linked to the perceived financial health of the public sector .
Which means that the private - sector benefits if banks and investors are impressed by the coalition government 's determination to shrink the public - sector deficit earlier and faster than the previous Labour government would have done .
But there is an internal contradiction in one of the underlying arguments deployed by the Tories when saying that the state must be shrunk from the 50 % - or - so share of GDP that it currently represents : to wit , that the public sector is intrinsically more wasteful , less efficient and less productive than the private sector .
Most research proves that the productivity of public sector is indeed lower than the private sector .
But the lower productivity of the public sector means - by definition - that each extra pound of reduced public - sector spending will tend to lead to relatively more jobs lost than are created by each extra pound of income received by the private sector .
To put it another way , the lesser efficiency of the public sector means that it creates more employment than the private sector when expanding , and sheds more when contracting .
Of course , that 's not an argument for increasing the size of the public sector relative to the private sector .
If that went on indefinitely , we 'd all be in the workhouse .
But it does mean that shrinking the public sector can in the short term bring a huge human cost , in jobs lost , and hopes of fulfilling employment dashed .
Which is presumably why the chancellor has not used all his public - sector savings to pay down the national debt .
He has also authorised £ 150 m of new spending , to create 50,000 adult apprenticeships , and he is allowing £ 50 m to be spent on the modernisation of further - education colleges .
Shrinking the state may well boost the creation of sustainable jobs in the longer term .
But the immediate effect must be to increase unemployment .
A month ago , the sex - assault case against Tyler Sanchez pivoted on a DA ’s curious contention that low - cut jeans can be a breeding ground for random people ’s DNA .
Now , because we ’re talking Carol Chambers , the story naturally gets even stranger .
The 18th Judicial District Attorney keeps hounding Sanchez even though new evidence filed by the defense makes it increasingly questionable whether she ’s prosecuting the right man for an attack that terrified Douglas County ’s Stonegate neighborhood last summer .
Sanchez is 19 , hearing impaired and has serious cognitive delays .
He stands accused of breaking into an 8 - year - old girl ’s second - story bedroom and groping her in July .
I ’ve written that the thin teenage redhead looks nothing like the 40ish , heavier , brown - haired intruder described by the victim .
I ’ve also reported that DNA analysis of her panties — the key piece of physical evidence — excludes him .
Chambers went out of her way to argue that the results do n’t prove anything .
She offered this theory on why the girl ’s underwear bore the genetic markers of her father and an unknown male instead :
“ With the low - cut jeans that girls wear , she could have picked up anyone ’s DNA off any surface her panties touched while they may have been riding up above her pants .
I hate those low - cut pants , ” she said .
No physical evidence or witness accounts tie Sanchez to the attack or to the rash of thefts , trespasses and break - ins in the neighborhood that prosecutors say led up to it .
The only evidence against him is a short statement he gave as investigators wore him down over 38 hours with little food or sleep .
As Sanchez faces his preliminary hearing Tuesday , newly disclosed documents written by detectives in August 2009 suggest that DAs since have twisted his statements .
Deputies had serious doubts about what he was telling them , a sworn affidavit and other reports show .
In fact , they deemed comments he made during the interrogation to be so unreliable that they were n’t strong enough to charge him with the unsolved property crimes prosecutors have been saying he admitted to .
DAs have misrepresented those statements in court as so - called “ confessions . ”
“ Detectives have been unable to gather physical evidence or confessions sufficient enough to charge Sanchez with the crimes , ” reads an investigation report .
He “ was reluctant to provide information and when he did so it was vague .
At times it seemed that Sanchez was unsure of what he did during the commission of each crime , ” reads a police affidavit .
Making the case look even flimsier , authorities have destroyed the videotape of an early - morning interrogation of Sanchez after his arrest .
The crucial footage , defense lawyer Iris Eytan says , was destroyed even after she repeatedly asked for it and a judge ruled to preserve it .
“ No recording exists , ” is how the DA ’s office worded it .
How convenient .
Chambers is in no hurry to explain the latest kinks in her all - too - hinky case against a kid who , more than eight months after his arrest , still has everything to lose .
Why bother addressing the facts , after all , when she can blame the journalist reporting them ?
“ You are trying to undermine our credibility , ” she ’s accusing me .
“ There is no other reason to publish this story now instead of waiting to see what the truth actually is . ”
Susan Greene writes Sundays , Tuesdays and Thursdays .
Reach her at 303-954-1989 or greene@denverpost.com .
Hundreds of thousands of small non-profits , from Little League teams to community soup kitchens , could lose their tax - exempt status on Monday because of an IRS filing requirement .
The 2006 Pension Protection
Act included a provision requiring all non-profits to file an annual return with the IRS .
Previously , non-profits with annual revenue of less than $ 25,000 were excluded .
Non-profits that fail to file a return for three consecutive years lose their tax - exempt status .
On May 17 , the three - year clock runs out for non-profits that have n't filed a return since 2007 .
The Urban Institute estimates that up to 365,000 non-profits could lose their tax - exempt status if they fail to file by Monday .
Groups that miss the deadline will have to apply for a new exemption and pay a user fee of up to $ 850 .
They could also be liable for taxes on any revenue earned before their exemption is renewed .
The requirement does not apply to churches or church - related operations .
Donors wo n't feel the impact right away , says Sarah Hall Ingram , IRS commissioner for tax exempt and government entities .
When a non -profit loses its tax exemption , the IRS is required to issue a public notice .
Until the notice is published , she says , donations to the organization are still deductible .
The IRS does n't plan to publish the names of non-profits that lose their exemption until January , Ingram says , " So if somebody gives between now and when the name gets on the public list , the donor is protected . "
Non-profits with less than $ 25,000 in annual revenue can file a 990 - N , an abbreviated online form .
Completing the online form takes less than 10 minutes , says Tim Delaney , president of the National Council of Nonprofits .
The IRS has conducted an extensive campaign to educate non-profits , but many small charities are still unaware of the requirement , says Tom Pollak , senior research associate for the Urban Institute .
" Filing to the IRS has never been on their radar screen . "
The Urban Institute 's National Center for Charitable Statistics has created a database of non-profits whose tax - exempt status is in jeopardy .
It 's available at nccs.urban.org .
Contributing : Richard Wolf Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The inmates at Gitmo were routinely referred to as " the worst of the worst . "
Rumsfeld , Bush and Cheney all knowingly pushed this lie .
And it was a lie - because they all knew that the chaotic way in which these terror suspects had been captured had left such esoteric questions as innocence or guilt by the wayside .
In a March 24 legal declaration in the Hamdi case , a first - hand eye - witness to the Bush - Cheney administration 's contempt for due process and embrace of torture , stated under oath what he saw on the inside .
The statement - widely covered across the world - was largely ignored by the US MSM .
But it 's devastating to have a former high Bush - Cheney official state under oath that the last administration knew it had countless innocent prisoners , lied about it , and tortured many .
Lawrence Wilkerson , former secretary of state Colin Powell 's chief of staff , is the man putting the record straight .
Money quote :
In fact , by late August 2002 , I found that of the initial 742 detainees that had arrived at Guanta ? namo , the majority of them had never seen a U.S. soldier in the process of their initial detention and their captivity had not been subjected to any meaningful review .
A separate but related problem was that often absolutely no evidence relating to the detainee was turned over , so there was no real method of knowing why the prisoner had been detained in the first place .
Secretary Powell was also trying to bring pressure to bear regarding a number of specific detentions because children as young as 12 and 13 and elderly as old as 92 or 93 had been shipped to Guanta ?namo ...
During the morning briefings , Ambassador at - Large for War Crimes , Pierre Prosper , who was a primary person working on negotiating transfers , would discuss the difficulty he encountered in dealing with the Department of Defense , and specifically Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld , who just refused to let detainees go .
I came to understand that there were several different reasons for the refusal to release detainees in Guanta ?
namo , even those who were likely innocent .
These reasons continued to the time of my departure from the Department of State in 2005 .
At least part of the problem was that it was politically impossible to release them .
The concern expressed was that if they were released to another country , even an ally such as the United Kingdom , the leadership of the Defense Department would be left without any plausible explanation to the American people , whether the released detainee was subsequently found to be innocent by the receiving country , or whether the detainee was truly a terrorist and , upon release were it to then occur , would return to the war against the U.S.
Another concern was that the detention efforts at Guanta ?
namo would be revealed as the incredibly confused operation that they were .
Such results were not acceptable to the Administration and would have been severely detrimental to the leadership at DOD .
Another part of the political dilemma originated in the Office of Vice President Richard B. Cheney , whose position could be summed up as “ the end justifies the means ” , and who had absolutely no concern that the vast majority of Guanta ?
namo detainees were innocent , or that there was a lack of any useable evidence for the great majority of them .
If hundreds of innocent individuals had to suffer in order to detain a handful of hardcore terrorists , so be it .
That seemed to be the philosophy that ruled in the Vice President ’s Office .
I discussed the issue of the Guanta ? namo detainees with Secretary Powell .
From these discussions , I learned that it was his view that it was not just Vice President Cheney and Secretary Rumsfeld , but also President Bush who was involved in all of the Guanta ?
namo decision making .
My own view is that it was easy for Vice President Cheney to run circles around President Bush bureaucratically because Cheney had the network within the government to do so .
Moreover , by exploiting what Secretary Powell called the President ’s “ cowboy instincts , ” Vice President Cheney could more often than not gain the President ’s acquiescence .
Lie after lie after lie .
And the illegal imprisonment and torture of individuals often completely unrelated to terrorism at all .
And no accountability .
This was America for almost eight years .
And Obama has perpetuated the avoidance of responsibility with staggering diligence .
( Photo : torture supporters Liz and Dick Cheney , at a party for torture supporter Brit Hume , at a party at the pro-torture Fox News Corporation .
By Brendan Hoffman / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
New Zealand 's government - run Internet filtering system is now running , and two ISPs are already using the system .
Seven thousand websites are on the list , most dealing with child sexual abuse , bestiality , and other illegal content , as classified by the country 's official censors ( you too can be a censor for a day ) .
Such material has been illegal offline in New Zealand for years , so the expansion of the program to the Internet is n't a big surprise .
But will it work ?
The government runs the filter , but ISP participation remains voluntary .
Currently , Maxnet and Watchdog are confirmed to be using the filter , though other ISPs are said to be interested .
Maxnet CEO John Hanna explained his company 's position to Computerworld New Zealand : " Filtering out child pornography is also very much in line with our company values — our customers would be disappointed to hear if we were n’t participating .
So participation for us has always been a no - brainer . "
The filter uses a BSD Unix - based appliance called WhiteBox from Swedish company Netclean ( " We protect children on the Internet " ) .
The government runs the filtering server and maintains the blocklist , which it advertises to ISPs using the Border Gateway Protocol ( BGP ) .
ISP routers then " know " that the best routing path to blocked addresses runs through the government 's filtering servers ; all other requests route through the conventional Internet as usual and are never scanned or logged by the government .
The WhiteBox
Because an IP address can host many domains , requests to blocked IP addresses are analyzed by the WhiteBox using deep packet inspection , rather than being blocked outright .
If the requests are for non-problematic URLs , they are forwarded on ; if they go to a banned site or link , they are blocked , the user 's IP address is logged , and a block message appears on the screen .
" It feels pretty amazing that a country located on the other side of the globe turns to us , a small company with 22 co-workers in Gothenburg , to install blockage of child sexual abuse content , " said NetClean CEO Christian Sjöberg last year when the system was being tested .
" We are very pleased with the positive results in New Zealand . "
But Tech Liberty NZ , a civil liberties group , is less pleased .
The filter handles HTTP traffic — useful but quite limited .
As Tech Liberty 's Thomas Beagle points out , the WhiteBox can make it hard to access forums and Web search sites , but it misses all sorts of other things ( as do most filters ) :
The filter ca n’t intercept encrypted Web traffic ( https ) .
It ’s not hard to change your website from non-secure http to secure https .
The filter ca n’t intercept the file sharing , e-mail , chat , instant messaging or anything other than unencrypted Web traffic .
( Although it does intercept people accessing those services via websites . )
Adding new entries to the filter is a manual process .
When websites are so easy and quick to set up , we do n’t see how it ’s possible for them to do a good enough job to keep the filter list up to date enough .
The filter will only be used by some ISPs .
If a number of major ISPs do n’t use the filter , is there any point in implementing it for the ones that do ?
There 's certainly some point , but New Zealand does not appear to be hosting any public discussion about whether the limited utility of such a filtering system is worth the cost and the precedent .
The decision to start filtering was made by the Department of Internal Affairs , based on its existing authority to rate and censor content , and not by any new decision of Parliament .
Tech Liberty admits in a January post that , on the world level , " it is apparent that the scheme proposed by the DIA is one of the least offensive ones to defenders of the Internet and civil liberties . "
Still , the group would like access to the blocklist to make sure the government stays honest ; that request was denied , though the government did set up an " independent reference group " that can review the list .
THE LONDON PHILOSOPHY STUDY GUIDE
CONTENTS
The Papers
Report errors and suggestions to richard.edwards@ucl.ac.uk or j.zalabardo@ucl.ac.uk .
By Patrick Jackson
BBC News
The creatures are covered in a thick , protective layer or lorica
Scientists have found the first animals that can survive and reproduce entirely without oxygen , deep on the floor of the Mediterranean Sea .
The team , led by Roberto Danovaro from Marche Polytechnic University in Ancona , Italy , found three new species from the Loricifera group .
He told BBC World Service they were about a millimetre in size and looked like jellyfish in a protective shell .
" We plan to go back and see if there are new surprises for us , " he added .
It is a real mystery how these creatures are able to live without oxygen because until now we thought only bacteria could do this
Professor Roberto Danovaro
One of the three new Loriciferans ( so - called because of their protective layer , or lorica ) has already been officially named Spinoloricus Cinzia , after the professor 's wife .
The other two , currently designated Rugiloricus and Pliciloricus , have still to be formally described .
They were discovered in the course of three oceanographic expeditions conducted over a decade in order to search for living fauna in the sediment of the Mediterranean 's L'Atalante basin .
The basin , 200 km ( 124 miles ) off the western coast of Crete , is about 3.5 km ( 2.2 miles ) deep and is almost entirely depleted of oxygen , or anoxic .
Eggs included Bodies of multicellular animals have been found previously in sediment taken from an anoxic area - or " dead zone " - of the Black Sea , Professor Danovaro told BBC News .
But these were believed at the time to be remains of organisms which had sunk there from adjacent oxygenated areas .
The new species are less than a millimetre in size
What the team found in the L'Atalante dead zone was three species of living animals , two of which contained eggs .
Although it was not possible to extract the animals alive in order to show that they could live without oxygen , the team was able to incubate the eggs in anoxic conditions aboard on the ship .
The eggs hatched successfully in a completely oxygen - free environment .
" It is a real mystery how these creatures are able to live without oxygen because until now we thought only bacteria could do this , " said Professor Danovaro , who heads Italy 's Association of Limnology ( the study of inland waters ) .
" We did not think we could find any animal living there .
We are talking about extreme conditions - full of salt , with no oxygen . "
The team made three oceanographic expeditions over a decade
The discovery of the new Loriciferans represents , he said , a " tremendous adaptation for animals which evolved in oxygenated conditions " .
Dead zones in the world 's oceans , he added , were expanding all the time .
Commenting in the journal BMC Biology , Lisa Levin of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography said that before this discovery , " no one had found [ animals ] capable of living and reproducing entirely in the absence of oxygen " .
" Loriciferans are rarely reported , " she noted .
" Whether they were overlooked or are exceedingly rare and thus not sampled is unclear .
Perhaps scientists have been looking for them in all the wrong places . "
Considering the implications of creatures which can exist without oxygen , she said that greater study of animal - microbe interactions in the extreme environment of Earth 's oceans could help answer questions about the possibility of life existing on other planets with different atmospheres .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you were as impressed as we were by Dylan ' Steaky ' Loney 's Team Fortress 2 mod The Great Class Dash , which turned Valve 's first - person shooter into a side - scrolling platformer , then you 'll be glad to hear it 's now available for download .
Advertisement
We fell in love with The Great Class Dash from the moment we saw the first video of the mod in action earlier this month .
Creator Loney promised us it would be out by the end of the month , and so it is .
The Great Class Dash has actually been available since Friday , but since Owen was n't around this weekend to poke us vigorously , it slipped past our radar .
Advertisement
In case you need a refresher course , here 's the proper trailer for The Great Class Dash .
Looks brilliant , does n't it ?
The download is only 69MB , features four levels , and works on any PC capable of running Team Fortress 2 .
Go get it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Great Class Dash [ Mapcore ]
The standard social brain theory seems in conflict with standard anthropologist accounts of ancestral forager lifestyles .
Might “ man the sly rule bender ” resolve this conflict ?
Why do we have ginormous brains ?
Animals tend to have big brains when they have big bodies , but beyond that the main brain pattern is social : bigger brains are found in birds and mammals that compete with predators or prey , and who manage pair - bonding mate relations .
The extra costs of big brains is outweighed by benefits of not being out - witted by others .
Primates ( and hyenas ) hit on the trick of reusing pair - bonding skills to manage friendships in large social groups .
Primates have huge expensive brains , which are bigger in species with larger social groups , and these groups spend more of their time managing social relations .
Bigger groups better protect against predators , though the coalition politics of dominance gets more complex in bigger groups .
Primates not only manage relations and coalitions , but they also track the relations and coalitions of others .
They are adept at judging how to help their coalitions , and when to switch sides .
The top chimp is often not the strongest , but instead the one with the strongest coalition , which gets to dominate food and mating , and stay best protected from predators ; chimp investments in big brains often pay off handsomely .
Humans have the biggest primate brains of all .
Over the last two million years hominid brains grew more where climates were variable , but they grew most where population densities were high .
This suggests that human brains were also big mainly due to social pressures .
The “ mating mind ” sexual selection hypothesis seems at odds with this density effect , and with the more general fact that polygamous species tend to have smaller brains .
“ Man the tool user ” stories seem to confuse broad group gains with individual benefits – smaller brains seem sufficient for copying others ’ tool skills .
But even if social pressures were key , which pressures exactly ?
Isolated nomadic forager bands today are “ fossils ” with crucial clues about our distant ancestors .
Anthropologists who study them report that overt dominance is rare , and long distances make war rare ( as 4 million year old fossils suggest ) .
Foragers live in tight quarters and use language to express and enforce social norms on food sharing , non-violence , mating freedom , communal decision making , and norm enforcement .
Anger , bragging , giving orders , and anything remotely resembling dominance among men is punished by avoidance , exile , and death as required .
Human ’s unusual hidden female fertility also limits male dominance temptations .
The puzzle here is that consistent enforcement of such norms seems to drastically reduce the payoff to expensive coalition - politics - savvy brains .
If you ca n’t collude to grab the food or the women , and everyone is treated fairly based on their contributions , why bother to be so clever ?
Yes , some brain innovations were required to support language , and maybe they would n’t have occurred in a small brain , but after that innovation human brains could have shrunk ( as perhaps with hobbits ) .
Why did humans keep huge expensive brains ?
In a messy real world , social norms expressed in language typically have many iffy boundary cases and ambiguities .
How much of what sort of food of what quality offered how conveniently counts as food sharing ?
How big a frown is a grimace ?
Sex with how close a relative counts as incest ?
And so on .
This would n’t matter if boundary cases were decided randomly , but that seems unlikely .
Instead big brain gains come five ways :
Unnormed – coalition politics on acts uncovered by norms .
Skirt – keep actions near but not over edge of violating norms .
Cover – politics of observers on if to report an act to others .
Frame – lawyer - like arguing on if acts violate social norms .
Conspire – form coalitions on how to publicly interpet iffy acts .
Most norms have meta - norms against consciously trying to evade them .
Self - deception should help here ; foragers might sincerely believe they usually just do their job and “ tell it like it is ” , and then unconsciously try to act , selectively report and frame acts , and support interpretation coalitions , to their advantage .
Instead of “ man the tool user ” , we might be better understood as “ man the sly rule bender . ”
Gains to rule bending could be greatly reduced via social norms with very clear simple rules .
But humans seems to usually prefer complex and ambiguous rules that require “ judgment ” to apply .
For example , foragers often have complex incest rules , forbidding a much wider range of sex partners than is needed to prevent genetic problems .
And acts of sorcery are allowed to count as acts of aggression that violate social norms and must be punished , even without concrete evidence showing such acts .
Both complex broad incest rules and allowing sorcery complaints greatly increase the scope for gains to large rule - bending brains , and suggest that we tend to prefer to allow such scope .
The idea that the main reason we have huge brains is to hypocritically bend rules seems to me a dramatic change in how we think about human nature .
If true , it should change how we understand a great many things in psychology and social science .
I ’ve been obsessing about his topic for weeks , and last Thursday I ran it past Robin Dunbar , famed for his contributions to the social brain account , and he said it was pretty close to his view on the subject , and he suggested the incest example .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
MOBILE , Ala . --
A heightened sense of environmental awareness grows day by day in Alabama with
oil creeping toward the coast
and many worried that sea life may already be affected , marine researchers said Saturday , as warnings rose in Louisiana that the gooey slick in marshes there could prove impossible to clean .
For the past week , dead catfish have washed ashore around Mobile Bay , but marine researchers said Saturday that the kill is most likely unrelated to the spill .
More than 50 miles of Louisiana 's delicate shoreline already have been soiled by the massive slick unleashed after the Deepwater Horizon rig burned and sank last month , killing 11 .
Officials fear oil eventually could invade wetlands and beaches from Texas to Florida .
Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , head of the federal effort to contain and clean up the spill , called oil in the marshes a " worst - case scenario . "
See
continuing coverage of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill of 2010
on
al.com
and
GulfLive.com
.
To keep track of the Gulf of Mexico oil slick , visit
www.skytruth.org
or follow its
Twitter feed
.
Deepwater Horizon Response
Web site established by government officials .
To see updated projection maps related to the oil spill in the Gulf , visit theWeb site established by government officials .
How to help :
Volunteers eager to help cope with the spill and lessen its impact on the Gulf Coast environment and economy .
HOW YOU CAN HELP
will appear daily in the Press - Register until there is no longer a need for volunteers in response to the oil spill disaster .
If you have suggestions for a story , or if you belong to an organization in need of such help , please call Press - Register Editor Mike Marshall at 251-219-5674 or email him at
.
Also on Saturday , BP PLC told federal regulators it plans to stick with the main chemical dispersant it 's been spraying in the open Gulf to break up oil before it reaches the surface .
The Environmental Protection Agency had directed the company to look for less toxic alternatives .
But BP said in a letter to the EPA that Corexit 9500 , one of the chief agents used , " remains the best option for subsea application . "
In Florida , there was a push to allay fears , as a powerful current shifted that had been forecast to bring oil from the massive Gulf of Mexico spill to the Florida Keys .
Officials said the so - called " loop current " expected to send the oil to Florida had moved west .
That could delay the arrival of tar balls and other forms of oil to the Keys .
" Are we out of the woods ?
No .
The loop current does eventually come into the Florida Straits and this way , " said Sean Morton , superintendent of the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary , which is overseen by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
The loop current is a ribbon of warm water that begins in the Gulf of Mexico and wraps around Florida .
Like the oil , the loop 's position is constantly changing based on winds and currents , meaning predictions on its trajectory are ever - fluctuating .
Debbie Harkins , who lives along Mobile Bay in Coden , called the incident command center in Mobile to report hundreds of dead catfish that had floated onto the beach outside her home .
The fish had been washing ashore for days , she said , and Saturday seemed the worst .
She worried that oil in the water may have reached Alabama waters , or that dispersants had killed the fish .
But U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agents said that the cause was likely a virus .
John Mareska , a biologist with the Marine Resources Division of the Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources , said catfish may continue to wash ashore .
Though researchers have yet to determine the cause of the recent kill , Mareska suspected that it was comparable to a virus that killed catfish 12 years ago .
On the fish found from Fowl River to Bayou La Batre and from Bon Secour Bay to Fort Morgan , officials have yet to find evidence of oil either on the exterior of the fish or in the stomachs , Mareska said .
If dispersants were to have affected sea life near Alabama , he said , more species than catfish would likely have been affected .
View full size
Mareska said that since the spill he has received more calls from people concerned about fish , turtles and birds .
Though response teams have not linked wildlife injuries in Alabama to the oil spill , Mareska said the heightened awareness " is actually a good thing . "
For years after Hurricane Katrina , people would blame unusual events in the waters on the storm , said Joe Steadman , as he worked on a pier in Coden , just a few hundred feet away from oil boom .
" Now it 's going to be oil , " he said .
A lawyer , Steadman recited the Latin phrase , " post hoc ergo propter hoc , " referring to a logical fallacy translated as , " after this , therefore because of this . "
But he was quick to point out that he believed BP should be held responsible .
" I 'd rather see dead catfish on the beach than oil , " he said .
( The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Solar System Discoveries by WISE WISE is able to see hundreds of thousands of objects , like asteroids , comets , planets , and moons , in the Solar System during the mission .
Most of these objects are already known .
But each day WISE discovers new objects , most of them asteroids .
Check out these lists to see what WISE has found so far : Minor Planet Electronic Circulars - WISE Principal Investigator Ned Wright maintains a list of objects confirmed as discovered by the Minor Planet Center .
WISE NEA / Comet Discovery Statistics  Jet Propulsion Laboratory maintain a list of Near Earth Asteroids ( NEAs ) and comets discovered by WISE .
How Can You Help WISE Find Dangerous Asteroids ?
Even if you are n't orbiting the Earth , you can still help WISE scientists find near - Earth objects ( NEOs ) and potentially hazardous asteroids ( PHAs ) .
All you need is a telescope with a digital camera , a dark area to observe from , and a computer with an internet connection to look at your images and report your discoveries .
Q : I thought WISE was going to find all these asteroids ?
A : WISE will make initial observations of hundreds of NEOs and tens of thousands of Main Belt asteroids , but because it orbits the Earth over the day - night terminator and always looks up , WISE will only observe each asteroid approximately 10 times over about 30 hours .
Without more observations within about 10 - 14 days , all of the new NEOs and PHAs WISE finds will be lost .
Q : When an asteroid is lost , where does it go ?
A : Well , it does n't really ' go ' anywhere .
Asteroids ( just like planets and
comets ) orbit the Sun , which makes them move when compared to the background stars .
From many observations over weeks , months , and years we can calculate a very accurate orbit for the asteroids that will allow us to find them again anytime in the future .
But if we only have a short window over which we observe the object ( like the observations WISE will make ) then the orbits are more uncertain , and if we wait too long we wo n't be able to find them again .
The asteroids are still there in space orbiting the Sun , but we do n't know where .
That 's why we need ground - based observers ' help to nail down the orbits .
Q : So how can I help ?
A : It 's easy !
All you need to do is look up WISE NEOs on the Minor Planet Center 's NEO confirmation page ( http://www.cfa.harvard.edu/iau/NEO/ToConfirm.html), download their predicted positions and errors , and start observing them .
In particular , you 'll need to measure the position of the object on the sky , called its astrometry .
You 'll also find an estimate of each object 's brightness at optical wavelengths , called its visual magnitude .
This tells you whether or not the object will be bright enough to see with your telescope , and how long an exposure time you will need .
Q : Are all the NEOs on that page from WISE ?
A : No , the MPC followup page includes all NEOs that need to be recovered , including ones discovered by people like you .
The NEOs found by WISE will have temporary designations starting with a ' W ' .
Q : What 's astrometry ?
A : Astrometry is the measurement of the position of an object on the sky , relative to a fixed coordinate system .
For asteroids we use ' Right Ascension ' and ' Declination ' as our two measured quantities , along with the time of the observation .
These values are comparable to Longitude and Latitude on Earth .
From the measured astrometry and our knowledge of the location of the observer and the time , we can determine an object 's orbit .
Q : How do I measure an object 's astrometry ?
A : There are many ways of determining an asteroid 's position .
One popular program to use is called Astrometrica ( http://www.astrometrica.at/) .
Additionally , the Minor Planet Center ( MPC ) has published an online guide to doing astrometry that can answer many of the technical questions you might have while getting ready or taking your observations .
( http://www.cfa.harvard.edu/iau/info/Astrometry.html).
Q : This seems like a lot to learn on my own .
Where can I get help or advice on taking NEO followup observations ?
A : There 's a large and active community of amateur and professional astronomers around the world who take NEO discovery and followup observations , some who have been doing it for decades .
You can look up discussions on their boards , or sign up and ask questions if you have any .
The Minor Planet Mailing List ( http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/mpml/)
Q : Can I get an asteroid named after me ?
A : The WISE team is n't able to accommodate requests for asteroid names , but if you submit observations of an asteroid while it is still on the MPC 's NEO page then your name will be listed on the Minor Planet Electronic Circular that describes the discovery circumstances .
So keep looking !
Back to top
Adelaide player Brett Burton is pictured with a placard that says : '' We all have our little differences - celebrate them ! ''
Geelong football manager Neil Balme 's reads : '' Homophobic His-story ! ''
Bulldogs ruckman Will Minson wrote in '' Nil bastardum carborundum '' , which is mock - Latin for '' do n't let the bastards grind you down ' ' .
Because of its profile , football has often seen itself in the vanguard of social change , spearheading anti-racism campaigns and promoting respect towards women .
But the game may have trouble convincing people to believe its new - found acceptance of homosexuals , given that not one player in the league is openly gay .
Channel Nine personality and Collingwood president Eddie McGuire recently told gay magazine DNA that he had shared a ' ' wink and a nod ' ' with gay AFL players .
And new research by Victoria University shows that gay men believe Australian rules is the most hostile football code , with many saying they feel too threatened to play the game .
'' The fact that we have no out players is not the problem of the players , it is indicative of the somewhat hostile sporting landscape , '' said Rob Mitchell , a member of the state government 's Sport Governance and Inclusion project , who helped Dr Pippa Grange , the Players '
Association 's general manager of culture and leadership , with the campaign .
The project comes less than a year after AFL chief executive Andrew Demetriou declared that homophobia was unacceptable in football .
Mr Demetriou told The Sunday Age : '' Homophobia has no place in our game .
The AFL altered our rules last year , to ensure that we stand against any discrimination on the basis of sexual identity or orientation .
'' I congratulate the players who are leading the way in ensuring we continue to welcome each and every person to our game . "
Dr Grange said no crisis had triggered the project - unlike the ' ' respect women ' ' campaign , which followed scandals involving players accused of degrading women , and a similar campaign against racism .
The Players ' Association says footballers know how it feels to suffer negative stereotyping and want to help another group of maligned individuals .
Though not scheduled to be launched until closer to the International Day Against Homophobia Day , held annually on May 17 , the project is already considered a success because so many players and coaches are involved .
An attempt at a similar campaign by English soccer authorities failed earlier this year because players would not take part .
Dr Grange said that every player approached signed up immediately .
'' They were open and supportive of efforts to reduce hatred and invite inclusion , '' she said .
The project was designed so that there were no poster boys for the gay cause and the focus is dispersed widely within football .
Dr Grange said : '' Sexuality is an enormous part of our identity , is deeply personal and people should never be forced to make public statements about it . ''
General statistics show that about 10 per cent of people may be homosexual - meaning mean up to 35 current players could be gay - but gay men may '' self select ' ' , choosing not to play certain sports .
Mr Mitchell said the project would '' lower the overall perceived hostility to someone who is not straight [ and ] if you keep doing that , at some point , the players who are n't straight in the AFL will just go , ' Why would I bother hiding my sexual orientation , there 's no need , ' and so then they start turning up to the Brownlow with their boyfriend . ''
He said the campaign might improve the standard of football because any gay player would feel supported by the AFL hierarchy and his teammates , and would be able to concentrate on his game and not have to put energy into maintaining a ' ' double life ' ' .
The Victoria University research , based on a survey of 308 people and to be published next month , found the most common sports that gay men would like to play but did not , or felt they could not , were Australian rules football ( 45 per cent ) , rugby ( 17.5 per cent ) and soccer ( 10 per cent ) .
Loading Dr Caroline Symons , the main author of the Come Out to Play report , said that overall 46 per cent of gays surveyed who played mainstream sport were not out , with many saying they feared being judged and abused .
With MARIS BECK
" To Our Valued Apple Customer :
Thank you for your recent order of the magical and revolutionary iPad 3G .
We would like to confirm that your order will be shipped in late April as communicated at the time you placed your order .
You will receive a confirmation notice when your order has shipped . "
Apple has just updated its online store with a shipping date for the 3G - equipped variants of its iPad .
As you can see , all varieties of the hallowed Apple tablet should be out and about by May 7th -- meaning that some deliveries could sneak out even earlier -- and you can expect AT&T will be ready and waiting for you to activate that $ 30 a month unlimited data plan .
Just for the European record , that means the iPad will be out in full force for American consumers three days ahead of the announcement of specific international availability .
Ah well , at least that gives the UK and others hope that they might see the 3G and WiFi - only slates coming out at the same time , which should be somewhere around the end of May .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
We've heard from numerous tipsters that 3G iPads pre-ordered before today are still on track for a somewhat woolly " late April " delivery .
It seems , therefore , that the new date relates to pre-orders being taken from here on out .
Here 's the direct quote from Apple 's email :
Most people , especially those who love dogs , know the story of Greyfriars Bobby .
It stands as an example of the love and commitment that dogs can develop for their owners .
Bobby was a Skye Terrier who belonged to John Gray , a night watchman who worked for the Edinburgh City Police .
They were inseparable .
When Gray died of tuberculosis in 1858 , Bobby attended the funeral .
Later he was found hovering over his master 's grave .
He would stand vigil there for close to 14 years .
He eventually became a matter of public concern in 1867 , when it was argued that a dog without an owner should not be roaming free and should be destroyed .
Sir William Chambers , who was then the Lord Provost of Edinburgh and also a director of the Scottish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , stepped in to save him .
He paid for a renewal of Bobby 's license and made him a responsibility of the city council .
When Bobby died in 1872 , he could not be buried within the cemetery itself , since it was regarded as " consecrated " ground .
Instead he buried instead just inside the gate , not far from John Gray 's grave .
Later the gate would be discretely moved a few feet to allow the dog to rest within the cemetery grounds with his beloved master .
A statue of Bobby was erected nearby , and the feelings that people have for this loyal little dog is summarized on his tombstone which reads " Let his loyalty and devotion be a lesson to us all . "
There is a North American version of Greyfriars Bobby , which is much less well known .
His story takes place in the town of Fort Benton , Montana , located on the Missouri River .
In 1936 a sheepherder became ill and was brought to the St. Clare Hospital in Fort Benton .
He was accompanied by an older sheepdog , that was either a Border Collie , an Australian Shepherd , or a cross involving one or the other .
The dog followed the herder into town and watched him taken into the building .
Although he was not allowed inside , he patiently kept watch at the hospital 's door .
A nun , who ran the hospital kitchen , took pity on the loyal dog during those few days before the man died and fed him .
Upon the sheepherder 's death , his family in the East requested that the body be sent back home .
As the undertaker loaded the casket onto the Great Northern east - bound train , the big gaunt shepherd dog with worried eyes watched as the casket was loaded into the baggage car .
Some people who were present later recalled the dog whining as the door slammed shut , and remember him pawing at it as if trying to get in to be near his master .
As the engine slowly started to pull away from the station , the dog trotted after it , but as it picked up speed he abandoned the chase , and with his head and tail hanging down returned to the station .
Thus began this loyal dog 's vigil .
No one recalls the name of the man , but the railroad workers began to call the dog Shep , a typical name for a sheepherding dog at the time .
Every day following the disappearance of his master , Shep met each of the four scheduled trains that stopped at the Fort Benton Station .
He became a regular feature there , standing on the platform and eyeing each passenger hopefully .
In the early days , of what would eventually become a five and a half year watch , he was often chased off as an unwanted stray cur .
But he was never completely discouraged .
Neither the blazing heat of summer nor the bitter cold of Montana winters prevented Shep from meeting the next train .
Source : Creative Commons License CC0
Tony Schanche , the station agent admired the dog's devotion and allowed him to live under the station platform .
He and other railroad workers made sure that he was fed .
Although many tried to befriend him , he was clearly a one - man - dog , who was just patiently waiting for the return of that man .
Around two and a half years into his long watch , Old Shep was featured in the newspaper column Ripley 's Believe It or Not .
Impressed by his devotion , Shep became a - era sensation .
Fan mail poured in .
School children sent Christmas gifts .
Rail travelers took long detours off the mainline , just to stop in Fort Benton and see this devoted dog meet their train .
Numerous cash donations were also sent in to help keep and maintain the dog .
Shep was already mature when he arrived at Fort Benton , and as he grew older he became deaf and arthritic .
In January 1942 , he was standing with his front paws were on one of the rails waiting , as usual , for the next train to come in .
Apparently he simply did not hear the train until it was too late .
He slipped on the rail and was hit despite the engineer 's frantic attempt to brake in time .
Shep 's obituary was carried on the wire services , and his funeral two days later was attended by hundreds , with an honor guard and pall bearers .
It concluded with boy scout sounding taps on the bugle .
Shep was buried on a bluff overlooking the train depot .
Workers from the Great Northern Railroad put up a simple obelisk , with a painted wooden cutout of Shep next to it .
Just beneath , white stones spelled out SHEP .
Lights illuminated the display at night , and conductors pointed it out to their passengers .
Eventually , though , the passenger line stopped coming through Fort Benton , the lights went out , and the grave fell into disrepair .
However in 1988 a nationally known and loved radio broadcaster , Paul Harvey , gave an emotional retelling of the Shep 's story .
In response to that broadcast , the monument was repaired and refurbished .
The Shep cutout is now painted steel , and lights are back up .
In 1994 , the town unveiled a larger than life statue of Shep cast in bronze with both front feet on a train rail .
The money for the statue was raised by donations , and the selling miniatures of the statue as well as memorial bricks which were placed in a thirty - foot octagon beneath it .
Unlike Bobby , whose statue has become a tourist site , Shep 's statue is not the final legacy of his faithfulness .
The money that had been sent in by caring people to support the Collie 's vigil eventually grew to a sizeable amount .
After his death the funds were used as an endowment to the Montana School for the Deaf and Blind .
Even today , the " Shep Fund " is still providing children with hearing aids , guide dogs , and educational tuition assistance .
Bobby and Shep 's stories are enduring examples of the nature of the bond that dogs can form for a human .
Dogs may not know about death , but they seem to understand that loyalty , faith , and love are blessings and transcend the life of any individual .
Stanley Coren is the author of many books including : The Modern Dog , Why Do Dogs Have Wet Noses ?
The Pawprints of History , How Dogs Think , How To Speak Dog , Why We Love the Dogs We Do , What Do Dogs Know ?
The Intelligence of Dogs , Why Does My Dog Act That Way ?
Understanding Dogs for Dummies , Sleep
Thieves , The Left - hander Syndrome
Copyright SC Psychological Enterprises Ltd. May not be reprinted or reposted without permission .
I ’m writing this column on my phone – not because my laptop has had a tragic accident , but as a trial run before heading to Germany next week , then to Poland for the wedding of two wonderful friends .
My usual novel - writing implement – a Lenovo Ideapad 100S I snapped up last Black Friday – is n’t exactly weighty or cumbersome .
All the same , it seems like overkill to cart it call around Berlin and Szczecin in the hope that I might find a spare five minutes to hammer out a few words at some point .
I 'm not sure I 'd want to leave it in the Airbnb .
Someone might break in , steal it , read what I 've written and die laughing .
I do n't want that on my conscience .
Other airlines are available .
Other airlines are also more expensive
The laptop would also take up a fair whack of my meagre baggage allowance , which will mostly be occupied by shoes , dresses and those silly little fascinator things that look like an amorous bird of paradise has perched on your head .
I could just put the novel on hold for a week , but i’m worried I might run out of steam and come back home to realise I ’ve left my vodka - sodden muse passed out under a table .
I 'm now 25,496 words in and do n't want to lose the flow .
The phone it is , then .
Fold and go
Trying to Swype my way through a few thousand words on a touchscreen would be madness ( even by my standards ) , so I ’ve done some research and invested in a little folding Bluetooth keyboard .
The smallest models all have a hinge right down the centre , which fractures the standard QWERTY layout and would probably drive me mad .
Instead , I opted for a slightly larger Battop model that folds lengthways and is ( I realized while shopping for some last minute holiday essentials ) exactly the same size as four KitKat Chunky bars taped together .
If that 's not a standard unit of volume , it should be .
The Ideapad is roughly three times the size of the Battop keyboard ( or 12 KitKat Chunky bars )
The Battop definitely feels cramped , but not prohibitively so , and there ’s a surprising amount of travel on the keys .
To my amazement , they actually spring back with more satisfying force than those on the Ideapad .
Unlike our review , which claims typing on the notebook to be “ pleasant and accurate ” , I think it ’s a bit mushy .
The folding keyboard has a little stand for your phone , making it feel much like a fun - size laptop , but the absence of a trackpad or other pointing device takes a little getting used to .
At first I found myself waving my right hand uselessly over the desk and almost knocking over my tea before I remembered that there are these things called ‘ touch screens ’ you can use to navigate on a phone .
Whether I ’ll actually manage to get any writing done is another matter ( I ’ve decided not to refer to it as ‘ work ’ ) but I ’ve had a go at tucking the keyboard into the stupidly tiny handbag that ’s standard issue for women at formal occasions , and it fits perfectly .
Or I could take a load of chocolate .
Tough call .
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
In shocking court papers obtained exclusively by RadarOnline.com , 1990s martial arts actor Steven Seagal is being sued for sexual harassment and illegal trafficking of females for sex .
EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENTS : Steven Seagal Court Documents
The lawsuit was brought by his former personal assistant , Kayden Nguyen , who is a 23 - year - old former model .
The legal documents say Seagal “ treated Ms. Nguyen as his sex toy . ”
Nguyen is suing for sexual harassment , illegal trafficking of females for sex , failure to prevent sexual harassment , retaliation , wrongful termination and false representation about employment .
The document also claims that “ Mr. Seagal has been keeping two young female Russian ‘ Attendants ’ on staff who were available for his sexual needs 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . ”
But Seagal ’s top - notch lawyer Marty Singer fired back in ferocious manner .
He released this statement to RadarOnline.com :
“ The lawsuit filed by Kayden Nguyen against Steven Seagal is a ridiculous and absurd claim by a disgruntled ex-employee who was fired .
The claims in her lawsuit are a complete fabrication without a scintilla of truth .
Steven Seagal ’s attorney Marty Singer stated that “ I am extremely confident this meritless lawsuit will be dismissed .
Ms. Nguyen filed her lawsuit without even notifying Steven Seagal or his representatives of her alleged claims because she was aware that claims could be asserted against her based on her own conduct .
Her lawsuit is nothing more than a preemptive strike by a disgruntled ex-employee . ”
Singer charged Nguyen with illegal activity .
EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENTS : Ex-Employee Claims Jesse James Sexually Harassed Her
Nguyen claims that she was required “ to watch as “ Sasha ” ( Russian attendant ) and Mr. Seagal performed sex acts on each other . ”
Seagal was working as a Reserve Deputy Chief of the Sheriff ’s Office in the community of Jefferson Parish , Louisiana , something he documented in his A & E reality TV show Steven Seagal : Lawman .
Sex Tape Celebs
He used Craigslist to hire an executive / personal assistant who could also be on his reality show .
Nguyen was hired in Los Angeles , but then flown to New Orleans to live in Seagal ’s house for the show .
On her first night of work , Seagal allegedly engaged in physical and sexual assault by “ pushing his hands under her shirt and attemping to fondle her bare breast , ” and “ forcing her head against his bare chest . ”
Cindy Crawford ’s Husband Sued for Sexual Harassment
Then she claims the next morning things got even worse .
He allegedly “ forcibly held her legs apart . ”
Then “ forced his hand down her pants … ”
The document goes into graphic detail that is n’t suitable for all audiences .
Then the suit alleges a third physical assault took place a few hours later , where “ Seagal forcibly lifted Ms. Nguyen ’s blouse , forced his head on her bare chest and attempted to suck her breasts and nipples .
He stopped only when she ran . ”
After only a few days of work , Nguyen left the house on Sunday , February 28 , 2010 .
Seagal , who practices Tibetan Buddhism , has six children from three different mothers .
In addition Seagal plays the role of guardian to a Tibetan child , Yabshi Pan Rinzinwangmo .
Rinzinwangmo , or “ Renji ” , who is the only child of the 10th Panchen Lama of Tibet .
Renji studied in the United States at American University , and Seagal was her guardian and bodyguard .
Nguyen is suing for damages in excess of $ 1 million .
She ’s also calling for a jury trial .
Even legitimately great television shows have them : installments that just do n't fit , do n't work , or just out - and - out suck .
Which ones would you like to wipe from memory ?
( Yes , BSG 's " Black Market , " we 're looking at you . )
Advertisement
It 's not that any TV show is " perfect " — they 've all got their clunkers , it 's just the nature of the beast .
But there are a few episodes of a handful of beloved shows that are so bad they make you question your sanity for liking the show in the first place — like Battlestar Galactica 's " Black Market , " an episode so bad that even Ronald D. Moore thought it was a misfire and Lost 's " Expose , " which introduced Nikki and Paolo , the most hated characters ever to share such small screen time .
Oh , and every episode of Heroes , beginning with the first season 's air - ball of a finale .
But which is the most egregious offender ?
Some of us need regular amounts of coffee or other chemical enhancers to make us cognitively sharper .
A newly published study suggests perhaps a brief bit of meditation would prepare us just as well .
While past research using neuroimaging technology has shown that meditation techniques can promote significant changes in brain areas associated with concentration , it has always been assumed that extensive training was required to achieve this effect .
Though many people would like to boost their cognitive abilities , the monk - like discipline required seems like a daunting time commitment and financial cost for this benefit .
Surprisingly , the benefits may be achievable even without all the work .
Though it sounds almost like an advertisement for a " miracle " weight - loss product , new research now suggests that the mind may be easier to cognitively train than we previously believed .
Psychologists studying the effects of a meditation technique known as " mindfulness " found that meditation - trained participants showed a significant improvement in their critical cognitive skills ( and performed significantly higher in cognitive tests than a control group ) after only four days of training for only 20 minutes each day .
" In the behavioral test results , what we are seeing is something that is somewhat comparable to results that have been documented after far more extensive training , " said Fadel Zeidan , a post - doctoral researcher at Wake Forest University School of Medicine , and a former doctoral student at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte , where the research was conducted .
" Simply stated , the profound improvements that we found after just 4 days of meditation training - are really surprising , " Zeidan noted .
" It goes to show that the mind is , in fact , easily changeable and highly influenced , especially by meditation . "
The study appears in the April 2 issue of Consciousness and Cognition .
Zeidan 's co-authors are Susan K. Johnson , Zhanna David and Paula Goolkasian from the Department of Psychology at UNC Charlotte , and Bruce J. Diamond from William Patterson University .
The research was also part of Zeidan 's doctoral dissertation .
The research will also be presented at the Cognitive Neuroscience Society 's annual meeting in Montreal , April 17 - 20 .
The experiment involved 63 student volunteers , 49 of whom completed the experiment .
Participants were randomly assigned in approximately equivalent numbers to one of two groups , one of which received the meditation training while the other group listened for equivalent periods of time to a book ( J.R.R. Tolkein's The Hobbit ) being read aloud .
Prior to and following the meditation and reading sessions , the participants were subjected to a broad battery of behavioral tests assessing mood , memory , visual attention , attention processing , and vigilance .
Both groups performed equally on all measures at the beginning of the experiment .
Both groups also improved following the meditation and reading experiences in measures of mood , but only the group that received the meditation training improved significantly in the cognitive measures .
The meditation group scored consistently higher averages than the reading / listening group on all the cognitive tests and as much as ten times better on one challenging test that involved sustaining the ability to focus , while holding other information in mind .
" The meditation group did especially better on all the cognitive tests that were timed , " Zeidan noted .
" In tasks where participants had to process information under time constraints causing stress , the group briefly trained in mindfulness performed significantly better . "
Particularly of note were the differing results on a " computer adaptive n- back task , " where participants would have to correctly remember if a stimulus had been shown two steps earlier in a sequence .
If the participant got the answer right , the computer would react by increasing the speed of the subsequent stimulus , further increasing the difficulty of the task .
The meditation - trained group averaged aproximately10 consecutive correct answers , while the listening group averaged approximately one .
" Findings like these suggest that meditation 's benefits may not require extensive training to be realized , and that meditation 's first benefits may be associated with increasing the ability to sustain attention , " Zeidan said .
" Further study is warranted , " he stressed , noting that brain imaging studies would be helpful in confirming the brain changes that the behavioral tests seem to indicate , " but this seems to be strong evidence for the idea that we may be able to modify our own minds to improve our cognitive processing - most importantly in the ability to sustain attention and vigilance - within a week 's time . "
The meditation training involved in the study was an abbreviated " mindfulness " training regime modeled on basic " Shamatha skills " from a Buddhist meditation tradition , conducted by a trained facilitator .
As described in the paper , " participants were instructed to relax , with their eyes closed , and to simply focus on the flow of their breath occurring at the tip of their nose .
If a random thought arose , they were told to passively notice and acknowledge the thought and to simply let ' it ' go , by bringing the attention back to the sensations of the breath . "
Subsequent training built on this basic model , teaching physical awareness , focus , and mindfulness with regard to distraction .
Zeidan likens the brief training the participants received to a kind of mental calisthenics that prepared their minds for cognitive activity .
" The simple process of focusing on the breath in a relaxed manner , in a way that teaches you to regulate your emotions by raising one 's awareness of mental processes as they 're happening is like working out a bicep , but you are doing it to your brain .
Mindfulness meditation teaches you to release sensory events that would easily distract , whether it is your own thoughts or an external noise , in an emotion - regulating fashion .
This can lead to better , more efficient performance on the intended task . "
" This kind of training seems to prepare the mind for activity , but it's not necessarily permanent , " Zeidan cautions .
" This does n't mean that you meditate for four days and you 're done - you need to keep practicing . "
###
There is a lot of talk about pairing wine with food , but beer should n't be left out — on nights when wine does n't suit your fancy , consider food weblog The Kitchn 's guide to finding the perfect beer for your meal instead .
Advertisement
Photo by Laura Bittner .
The first thing to note is that just like wine , these are not steadfast rules , but mere guidelines that should give you a good idea of what goes with what best without too much thought :
Pale Ales - Salads , light appetizers , fish and seafood
- Salads , light appetizers , fish and seafood India Pale Ales ( IPAs ) - IPAs can stand up to a little more richness and flavor .
They can go well with things like pulled pork , pizza , and fried chicken , as well as lighter salads and seafood dishes .
And if you like heat , try an IPA with spicy food - the hoppiness really pumps up the spice quotient !
- IPAs can stand up to a little more richness and flavor .
They can go well with things like pulled pork , pizza , and fried chicken , as well as lighter salads and seafood dishes .
And if you like heat , try an IPA with spicy food - the hoppiness really pumps up the spice quotient !
Hefeweizens and Wheat Beers - Fruit dishes , dinner salads , grain salads , and desserts made with warm spices ( cloves , cinnamon , nutmeg ) .
- Fruit dishes , dinner salads , grain salads , and desserts made with warm spices ( cloves , cinnamon , nutmeg ) .
Amber Ales - Ambers are a good middle - of - the - road beer and go well with just about anything : burgers , grilled cheese , roast chicken , soups and stews
- Ambers are a good middle - of - the - road beer and go well with just about anything : burgers , grilled cheese , roast chicken , soups and stews Stouts and Porters - Barbecue , stews , braised dishes - any kind of meat dish , really .
Also rich desserts with chocolate and espresso flavors .
Advertisement
Of course , this is just a cheat sheet — you may have a less common food or beer your'e looking to pair , which requires a bit more thought .
But again , not too much thought — beer is pretty versatile .
Hit the link for more details on the science art of pairing beer and food .
And do n't forget to learn what lighter beers go with lunch , too !
Lighter Beers that Work with Lunch
You do n't have to be a Mad Men extra , or a lush , to enjoy a relaxing beer with lunch .
Stick to …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Beer with Dinner : The Basics of Pairing Beer and Food [ The Kitchn ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Jamaica's Prime Minister Bruce Golding has denounced unrest in the capital city Kingston as a " calculated assault on the authority of the state " .
He vowed that criminals would not triumph , after supporters of an alleged druglord took to the streets to stop him from being arrested .
One police station was set on fire and two others shot at by suspected supporters of Christopher " Dudus " Coke .
The authorities have declared a state of emergency in parts of Kingston .
The trouble began late last week when the authorities announced they would arrest and extradite Mr Coke to the US .
His supporters set up barricades and said they would fight to protect him .
The BBC's Nick Davis in Montego Bay says the capital now represents a city under siege .
Troops and police have come under fire , and smoke is rising from the burning police station .
Christopher " Dudus " Coke is accused of being a gang leader Mr Golding said security forces would be " moving swiftly to bring the current situation under control " .
" Criminal elements bent on violence and mayhem will be detained , " he said in a televised address .
" What is taking place is a calculated assault on the authority of the state that cannot be tolerated , and will not be allowed to continue . "
A state of emergency allowing police to conduct searches without a warrant and restrict movement was put in place in West Kingston and St Andrew districts , where the violence broke out .
The government said the measures would be in place for at least a month .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The areas are a stronghold of support for Mr Coke , 41 , who says he is a community leader .
Our correspondent says Mr Coke 's supporters see him as a man who is fulfilling a role that the government does not , such as giving them money to support their children .
Because of that he has a huge amount of support in the area , our correspondent adds .
Police have called for his surrender and have described the barricades surrounding his area a sign of " cowardice " , the Associated Press news agency reported .
Most wanted The US Justice Department says Mr Coke is one of the world 's most dangerous drug barons .
He is accused of leading a gang called the Shower Posse - owing to the volume of bullets used in shootings - and operating an international smuggling network .
Some residents have protested in defence of Mr Coke
He faces a life sentence if he is convicted on charges filed against him in New York .
The gang has also been blamed for numerous murders in Jamaica and the US .
Prime Minister Golding said earlier this week that he was prepared to send Mr Coke to the US on drugs and weapons trafficking charges .
The decision reversed nine months of opposition to his extradition .
Mr Golding had argued that the evidence against Mr Coke was obtained illegally by intercepting mobile telephone calls .
But he changed his mind in the face of growing public discontent , and questions about his possible ties to Mr Coke .
He apologised to the nation and admitted he had mishandled the case .
The US and UK have warned travellers about possible violence and disorder in Kingston because of the situation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A state appeals court today ruled New Jersey ’s secretary of state must accept a petition a citizens group filed to recall U.S. Sen .
Robert Menendez , but left open the question of whether the removal effort itself is constitutional .
The three - judge panel
.
The senator has 45 days to file an appeal but did not say today whether he would .
He called the recall effort a " political stunt " that wo n’t distract him from doing his job .
" This an organization trying to undemocratically and unconstitutionally overturn an election in which more than 2 million New Jerseyans voted , " said Menendez , whose term expires in 2012 .
" My focus continues to be on job creation legislation and delivering a successful extension of my local property tax relief bill . "
The court found existing New Jersey law and the state ’s constitution both allow U.S. senators to be recalled .
For that reason , the appeals court said , the removal effort can proceed .
But noting the absence of case law and precedent , it left the ultimate question of the constitutionality of the state ’s recall law and amendment to a higher court .
" There are a host of genuine arguments and counterarguments that can be articulated and debated about whether or not the Federal Constitution would permit a United States Senator to be recalled by the voters under state law , " the appellate judges said .
" I ’m pleased , " said Dan Silberstein , attorney for the Committee to Recall Senator Menendez , which is backed by the New Jersey chapter of the conservative Tea Party movement .
" I think the appellate court made the right decision on where the case is procedurally . "
Menendez ’s attorney disagreed .
" The U.S. Constitution is clear that a senator ’s term is six years and is not subject to recall , " said Marc E. Elias .
" The state attorney general correctly argued before the court that a recall is unconstitutional and a clear disservice to voters who take part in a petition process that is invalid .
We are pleased the court stayed this opinion until the appeals process is completed . "
The state is reviewing the ruling and has not decided whether it will appeal , a spokesman for the Attorney General ’s Office said .
The case began last fall after then - Secretary of State Nina Mitchell Wells rejected the committee ’s recall notice , the filing of which is necessary before petitions can be circulated .
Wells said the U.S. Constitution supersedes the state’s .
After a notice is approved , a committee must get the signatures of 25 percent of registered voters of the affected district — 1.3 million in the case of Menendez — before a recall election can be held .
NJ Tea Parties United and the Sussex County Tea Party say they want Menendez removed because he votes for too much government spending .
The case put the state in the unusual position of arguing earlier this month against its own law and calling part of its constitution unconstitutional .
Silberstein , however , told the judges the case is about whether the secretary of state will allow " core political speech . "
He said state voters approved a constitutional amendment in 1993 allowing them to recall public officials — including U.S. senators .
The Legislature enacted the amendment in 1995 .
Democratic state chairman John Wisniewski , who is also an assemblyman from Middlesex County , criticized the Tea Party group ’s actions .
" Attacking the constitutionality of the Constitution is a strange , hypocritical effort , which contradicts the system of elections that most Americans have taken pride in for more than 200 years , " Wisniewski said .
Assemblywoman Alison Littell McHose ( R - Sussex ) disagreed .
" Our state constitution is clear :
The voters of this state overwhelmingly decided to extend their rights to recall any elected official who is elected and serving the people of this state on all levels of government , " she said .
Naoma , West Virginia ( CNN ) --
The vague , familiar feeling began even before we arrived at the area of Monday 's deadly mine explosion .
At least one church stood prominently in each little village along a two - lane asphalt roller coaster called Highway 3 from Beckley to the mine site .
These are not the big mega - churches you see in the suburbs -- they 're modest , even quaint .
In front of a red brick chapel in Arnett , two women were working on a sign out front .
You 've seen these signs -- the ones so many churches use to post inspirational messages from the pastor or perhaps the schedule for Sunday services .
Crista and Charlotte Dickens were changing the sign to read " God Bless Our Miners and Their Families . "
Were you and your family affected by the blast ?
Share your story
I 've never covered a mine disaster ; I normally cover the Department of Defense for CNN .
But when major news breaks , your usual job is often set aside .
But even in breaking - news events , there is time to talk to people between briefings , satellite shots and tape feeds .
So I have been talking with the people of Naoma .
Or maybe it 's Sundial or Marsh Fork -- even the locals debate what to call this particular location along Highway 3 .
But we do know the mailing address for the Marsh Fork Elementary School that has played host to more than 100 " media types " since the explosion in Naoma .
It 's during those discussions that the familiar feeling kicks in .
Talking to people in a coal mining community during a disaster is not all that different than talking to residents of towns such as Jacksonville , North Carolina , during a war .
Jacksonville is home to Camp Lejeune , one of the biggest U.S. military bases .
Just about everybody there works for the Marines , is married to a Marine or depends on the Marine base for a job .
Just as everybody in towns such as Naoma depend on the mines , even if they 've never donned a hard hat or steel - toed boots .
Of course , not everybody in military towns unfailingly support the wars , and not everybody in the coal fields of West Virginia agree about coal mining .
There are debates about mine safety , unions , environmental impact of mining .
But just as military towns are full of signs that say , " God Bless Our Troops , " a disaster in a mining community brings everyone together to support the miners .
I met one family who'd driven well over an hour to be here to support the Upper Big Bend South Mine victims and their families .
They did n't know anyone in the mine , but mining is part of their lives , and they wanted to help any way they could .
We 've met lots of families who want to help , and because they can't go in the mine , they can't drill bore holes , they cook .
The people of West Virginia have fed those of us covering this story from the moment we put up the first camera light .
We 're told even more food is going to where the victims ' families are gathered and to where emergency crews are waiting .
It 's not unlike the veterans who wait at airports to greet returning troops .
They do n't have to know the troops to appreciate them , and sometimes a handshake or a salute is the best way to show it .
Another common thread is risk .
Obviously , soldiers die in war .
Even in peacetime the rigorous military training claims many lives every year .
And mining is risky .
Every miner I 've spoken to is clear .
They know the job can kill them .
If it 's not an explosion , it could be a cave - in .
And if it 's not a sudden disaster , the constant breathing of coal dust can cause potentially deadly lung diseases .
This is not to say the situations are identical .
Miners do what they do for the pay .
One 24 - year - old miner I met makes more than $ 70,000 a year .
I would bet there are no 24 - year - olds in uniform in the U.S. military making $ 70,000 a year .
Sure service members sometimes sign up because the pay and benefits are better than they could get in their hometowns .
But they know their risk is for a greater good -- defending their country , as opposed to boosting the profit margin of a company based hundreds of miles away .
There are other differences .
Over the years , I 've seen amazing logistical and technological efforts by the Department of Defense in response to a crisis .
An earthquake hits Haiti -- in goes a fleet of Navy warships , whole units of Marines and airborne troopers and a steady stream of Air Force cargo jets full of food , water and people ready to help .
If the Army 's trucks are vulnerable to enemy bombs , the Defense Department buys bigger , stronger trucks .
If it costs a few billion dollars , it 's worth it to protect the troops .
The same unlimited checkbook does not exist when four men are missing , possibly trapped alive in a mine full of dangerous gases .
The rescue coordinators here talk of bulldozers cutting a road up the side of the hill to get drills to the mountain above the mine or tanks of nitrogen to dissipate those dangerous gases .
Having been around the Pentagon for years , if a similar need arose in Afghanistan , I can easily imagine a 24 - year - old captain calling in a Super Stallion heavy - lift helicopter to pick up the drilling rig or the nitrogen tanks and drop them on the mountaintop before his commander finishes his morning cup of coffee .
I asked Gov. Joe Manchin , who is commander in chief of the West Virginia National Guard , if any thought had been given to having the guard help out .
He said he did n't think the guard could have responded as fast as the coal company 's bulldozer drivers .
" They cut those roads pretty fast , " Manchin said .
Over the years , after many wars and many flag - draped coffins , military communities have learned well how to come together in a crisis .
After yet another mine disaster in the heart of Appalachian coal country , I suspect those same hard lessons are being learned again in the homes and churches along Highway 3 .
Whether the church signs ask God to bless " our miners " or " our troops , " the emotions , the pain , the sense of a family that goes beyond blood relations are the same .
All that 's missing on Highway 3 in southern West Virginia this week are yellow ribbons .
The folks at 2 K Sports offered $ 1 million to the first person to pitch a perfect game in Major League Baseball 2K10 — a supposedly difficult task .
24 hours after the game was released , they had to write a check .
Advertisement
Using Braves pitcher Kenshin Kawakami as his avatar , 24 - year - old Alabama resident Wade McGilberry was able to complete his million dollar game in less than 90 minutes after returning home from work .
Advertisement
Great news for Wade because he recorded his attempts according to 2 K Sports ' rules , but not so great news for them because as " insurance companies could n't possibly come up with the odds of throwing a perfect game , 2 K Sports did n't take out insurance and now will pay McGilberry a lump sum of $ 1 million out of its own pocket . "
Oops .
[ CNBC via Sporting News — Thanks , Ezra Tenenbaum ! ]
Doctor at centre of MMR scare struck off medical register by General Medical Council for serious professional misconduct
Andrew Wakefield , the doctor at the centre of the MMR scare , has been struck off the medical register after being found guilty of serious professional misconduct .
Andrew Wakefield , the doctor at the centre of the MMR row , has been struck off for serious professional misconduct .
Photograph : Anthony Devlin/ PA
He was not at the General Medical Council ( GMC ) hearing to receive the verdict on his role in a public health debacle which saw vaccination of young children against measles , mumps and rubella plummet .
The GMC said he acted in a way that was dishonest , misleading and irresponsible while carrying out research into a possible link between the measles , mumps and rubella ( MMR ) vaccine , bowel disease and autism .
He had " abused his position of trust " and " brought the medical profession into disrepute " in studies he carried out on children .
The GMC said there had been " multiple separate instances of serious professional misconduct " .
One of Wakefield 's colleagues at the time at the Royal Free hospital in London , John Walker - Smith , 73 and now retired , was found guilty of serious professional misconduct and struck off .
Another , Simon Murch , was found not guilty .
Wakefield had already been discredited after a series of research projects failed to find any link between the triple MMR vaccine and autism , although a number of families continue to support him , even claiming to have been victimised for working with him .
He said today in an interview with BBC Radio 4 's Today programme before the verdict that he and colleagues had listened and responded to " concerns of parents about their very sick children " and had acted " appropriately in the children 's best interests to determine what the nature of their problem was " .
Months after his research was published , the government withdrew single vaccines for measles , mumps and rubella , which parents could have opted for instead of the triple jab .
" When I made the recommendation to single vaccines they were available in the UK , " he said from New York .
" It is the government that is to blame for the resurgence of measles . "
Wakefield said he had never opposed vaccination or claimed to have proof that MMR was linked to autism .
" I never made the claim at the time , nor do I still make the claim that MMR is a cause of autism , " he said .
" You are conflating the two things .
You are conflating the link with autism with the overall review of the vaccine . "
In a statement after the verdict , he claimed that efforts to " discredit and silence me through the GMC process " had provided a screen to shield the government from exposure over the the MMR vaccine " scandal " .
Wakefield had been found guilty in January of acting dishonestly and irresponsibly for carrying out unnecessarily invasive tests on children .
He was said to have abused his position of trust , although his dishonesty had not led to personal financial gain .
He and the other doctors published a paper in the Lancet medical journal in February 1998 suggesting the measles virus might be linked to inflammatory bowel disease and play a role in autism .
The paper , based on just eight case studies , conceded that no definite link had been found but Wakefield , at a press conference , said he believed that instead of the triple MMR , children should be given doses in single jabs , preferably a year apart .
The GMC panel in January found Wakefield had conducted the trial unethically , including subjecting 11 children to invasive tests , such as lumbar punctures and colonoscopies they did not need , and without proper approval .
In February 1998 , the same month the Lancet paper was published , he applied for ethical permission to run a trial of a new potential measles vaccine and set up a company called Immunospecifics Biotechnologies which would produce and sell it .
The father of one of the children he had seen with developmental problems and bowel disease would be the managing director .
Wakefield tried the new vaccine on the child without mentioning it in medical notes or telling the child 's GP .
He was also found to have unethically arranged for his son's friends to have blood samples taken from them during his birthday party – for which he paid them £ 5 each .
The GMC panel chairman , Surendra Kumar , said : " In causing blood samples to be taken from children at a birthday party , he callously disregarded the pain and distress young children might suffer and behaved in a way which brought the profession into disrepute . "
Wakefield hit on his theory after seeing children with bowel disease who had developmental problems .
The third step in the hypothesis was the timing of the MMR vaccine : the first shot is given at around 13 months , about the age when autistic spectrum disorders start to be noticed .
In February , the 53 - year - old left his role at a Texan clinic , The Thoughtful House Centre for Children , which he founded to study developmental disorders .
Kumar said Murch 's involvement was more limited than that of Wakefield and Walker - Smith .
He should have ensured there was appropriate ethical approval for research on the children , but ended the lumbar punctures after being unable to draw any clear inference that the children were suffering from a serious neurological disorder .
" The panel concluded Prof Murch acted in good faith , albeit it has found he was in error , " said Kumar .
" His actions , although comparable to professional misconduct in respect of undertaking procedures which were not clinically indicated , were mitigated by the fact he was under a false impression that they were clinically indicated . "
Terence Stephenson , president of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health , said : " Measles , mumps and rubella vaccines have all been shown to be safe and UK families are fortunate to have free access to these which is not true of many parts of the world .
The false suggestion of a link between autism and the MMR vaccine has done untold damage to the UK vaccination programme . "
The Department of Health said : " The safety of MMR has been endorsed through numerous studies in many countries .
" Thankfully , more parents are having their children vaccinated with MMR and they see it as being as safe as other childhood vaccines . "
Isabella Thomas , 53 , from Somerset , insisted that her two sons Michael , 18 , and Terry , 16 , received " fantastic " treatment at the Royal Free hospital under Wakefield .
" They were normal , then they started to deteriorate neurologically and medically .
They were in the most horrendous pain you could think of .
I went from doctor to doctor trying to find out what was wrong .
I was only too pleased to be part of the study because we needed to find out what was wrong with the boys . "
Thomas said that , as controversy erupted surrounding the research , the family was blacklisted .
" When I went to my doctor he said : ' I do n't want politics being brought into this surgery ' .
I said : ' My son is ill , it 's not about politics . ' "
Allison Edwards , chairwoman of the campaign group Cry Shame which supported Wakefield , said : " This is to issue a warning to doctors not to dissent .
No children were harmed in the clinical tests , they were trying to look at the problems and treat them , and the children improved .
How do you get charged with doing your job ? "
TUCSON , AZ — Researchers at the University of Arizona released a study Monday showing a causal relationship between raising one 's voice , pushing people in the chest , and getting what you want more quickly .
" These results certainly go against common wisdom , " said visibly bruised and flustered sociologist Renée Pfaff , who found that subjects in the so - called " jerk group " received rewards an average of 45 seconds faster .
" Once we ran out of the rewards , the participants began shaking down our research assistants for money . "
The study also concluded that gratuitous swearing accelerated the process by as much as 40 percent .
Advertisement
The protesters may be getting to Karl Rove and he ’s taking it out on Fox News .
President George W. Bush ’s former senior advisor became irritated Sunday morning with Fox News hosts Dave Briggs , Alisyn Camerota and Clayton Morris after they asked him about a Code Pink protest .
Code Pink ’s Jodi Evans attempted to arrest Rove during a March book signing in California .
ADVERTISEMENT
Rove told the Fox hosts he was tired of hearing about it when they brought it up Sunday .
“ Karl , are they getting on your nerves ? ” asked Camerota .
“ You know , this is sad , ” answered Rove .
“ You people are recycling stuff that happened three or four weeks ago .
Please . ”
“ That ’s the way we roll , ” responded Camerota .
“ There were a hundred people at this Beverly Hills thing , bought 800 books and up show a couple of lunatics and it ’s a blemish , ” explained Rove .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Karl , in our defense , we have n’t had you on the show because you ’ve been on your book tour so we have n’t had a chance to talk to you about this , ” said Camerota .
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast April 18 , 2010 .
It has n’t been the best few weeks for Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg .
His site has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks for its new privacy policy , and now the Times of London has revealed that Zuckerberg , 26 , may be in for even more damage control come October when the Aaron Sorkin–scripted The Social Network — which details the creation of Facebook — hits theaters .
Apparently the film , directed by David Fincher , portrays Zuckerberg ( played by Jesse Eisenberg ) as something of a “ borderline - autistic conniver . ”
The script has Zuckerberg cutting out Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss — who provided the initial funding for the site — after Facebook takes off ( the twins were eventually awarded $ 65 million in court ) .
The movie also shows Zuckerberg “ indulging his fantasies ” with a string of groupies after he quits Harvard and moves to Silicon Valley , where he built Facebook with Napster co-founder Sean Parker ( played by Justin Timberlake ) .
“ Sorkin ’s screenplay suggests Parker knew Zuckerberg was driven not just by money or fame but also sexual insecurity .
While he is depicted as receiving sex in bars , Parker runs the business . ”
Sadly for Zuckerberg , unlike a really unflattering picture , a Hollywood movie is n’t something that can be detagged .
Movie depicts seamy life of Facebook boss [ Times UK ]
Thursday , 15 April , 2010 - 14:07
International agency Oxfam is calling on the New Zealand Government to break the pattern of secrecy in negotiations towards an Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) .
The eighth round of negotiations is being held in Wellington this week , behind closed doors and dominated by the world 's rich nations , with input from only two developing countries ( Morocco and Mexico ) .
Public concern about the agreement has mainly focused on the invasion of privacy from proposed text that would force internet service providers to release information about suspected copyright infringers without a warrant .
But Oxfam warns that new rules for patents and trademarks are likely to include measures to block generic medicines from reaching poor people in developing countries .
Since 2008 , customs officials in the EU have seized over 18 shipments of legal generic medicines from India and China to developing countries , including medicines to treat HIV and AIDS .
In spite of criticism from public health agencies , including the World Health Organisation , the EU is refusing to re-examine the regulation under which these seizures have been made .
The EU has gone even further and is now pushing to globalize this regulation through ACTA , despite the consequences it would have for access to medicines around the world .
These new rules will increase seizures and prosecution of companies who produce generic medicines legally for sale in other countries , including those not even engaged in ACTA negotiations .
" The ability for people living in extreme poverty to access lifesaving medicines must be more important than protecting profits for the world 's biggest entertainment and pharmaceutical companies , " said Oxfam New Zealand 's Executive Director , Barry Coates .
" Nearly everyone , both inside and outside the ACTA negotiations , is calling for greater transparency .
The New Zealand - hosted round must establish a framework and process for open and constructive consultation , " he added .
To date , negotiations for the ACTA treaty are not part of any international body .
ACTA would establish a new international legal framework that countries can join on a voluntary basis and would create its own governing body outside existing international institutions such as the World Trade Organization , the World Intellectual Property Organization or the United Nations .
Oxfam is calling on the New Zealand Government and ACTA negotiators to make a full commitment to transparency , with a concrete timetable to release the negotiating text for broader public scrutiny , a commitment to exclude patents from ACTA , and actions to limit possible consequences for access to medicines for poor countries .
Oxfam believes the negotiations should be abandoned if these concerns are not addressed .
" With no say in these negotiations , people are rightly suspicious that narrow corporate interests will cause more legal , affordable medicines to be confiscated under the banner of ' Counterfeiting ' , " said Coates .
" Try explaining this to a woman dying of AIDS in Sub -Saharan Africa .
It 's unjustifiable , " he concluded .
There ’s been an interesting upsurge in decidedly old - fashioned chorale - style music of late .
Perhaps we should have seen it coming a few years ago with the emergence of the upbeat , multi-layered harmonies of The Polyphonic Spree , but now the trend is upon us in full throat , if you will .
A capella is big enough that it spawned a TV show , The Sing - Off , won by the outstanding Puerto Rican ensemble Nota .
The involvement of Ben Folds added instant credibility to the tournament , although perhaps not enough to fully overcome the incoherent involvement of Nicole Scherzinger ( who ’s dumb as fried dirt and carries a tune about as elegantly as a free bleeder carries a rabid tomcat ) .
Then , of course , there ’s the over - the - top success of Glee , which actually makes show choir cool .
The baffling revival of vocal ensembles has been oddly validating for me .
As a kid I ’d get up on Sunday mornings to listen to the gospel quartets on Channel 12 before church , and I was singing in the adult choir by the time I was 14 ( bouncing back and forth between bass and tenor , depending on what we were short on in a given week ) .
I passed on choir in high school , though , mainly because the director was three times more shrew than I was interested in dealing with .
So for this week ’s TunesDay I found myself thinking back to one of 2007 ’s best CDs , the self - titled offering from The Choir Practice .
TCP is n’t a group so much as it is a collection of indie artists from various Canadian bands who apparently enjoy getting together and singing chorale music ( one of the members is Kurt Dahle of the critically adored New Pornographers , in fact ) .
In a nutshell , this project answers the question “ what if your school choir was really cool and indie ? ”
My favorite moment on the disc is the choir ’s cover of The New Pornographers ’ “ Failsafe . ”
This live take of “ Running On ” would be far more wonderful if the assholes in the crowd would , you know , shut the fuck up .
( BTW , one of these days some jackass you know is going to be in a club yammering on like a monkey with Tourette ’s and the bald guy in front of him is going to snap , turn around and punch him into the middle of the parking lot .
You ’re welcome in advance .
I know this is wholly inconsistent with the spiritual experience of art in general , but so is yammering on like a monkey with Tourette ’s – nobody paid to hear you , you inconsiderate asshat . )
[ ahem ]
So for those of you who enjoy the pure magic of human voices working in harmony , give The Choir Practice a listen .
And I ’ll try to contain the more redneck of my impulses ….
BP , one of six supermajors , is the third largest oil company in the world .
The company is also the leading operator in the deepwater GOM , producing over 400,000 b/d from operated fields including Thunder Horse , Atlantis , and Mad Dog , and holds interests in non-operated fields including Mars and Ursa .
BP also holds the largest number of leases in the deepwater GOM with more than 650 leases in waters deeper than 1,250 ft .
BP produced 4 MMboe/d in 2009 , an increase of 4 % on 2008 , and its 17th consecutive year of increasing reserves .
BP intends to start up a total of 42 new major projects between 2010 and 2015 , which are expected to contribute about 1 MMbbl in total production by 2015 , more than offsetting the decline from currently producing fields .
The supermajor also announced its Q1 2010 replacement cost profit was $ 5,598 million , compared with $ 2,387 million a year ago , which is an increase of 135 % .
Full year replacement cost profit for 2009 was $ 14 billion , down 45 % on the record full year profit of 2008 , mainly reflecting the weaker market environment of lower average oil and gas prices and depressed refining margins .
Exploration successes , including the ultra - deepwater Tiber discovery , confirmation of the Mad Dog South extension in the GOM , and three additional discoveries in Block 31 off Angola contributed to BP 's profitable year .
However , BP reported that production for Q1 2010 was 4,010 Mboe/d , which was broadly flat compared to Q1 2009 , reflecting continued strong operational performance .
The company previously stated that it expects production in 2010 to be slightly lower than in 2009 due to oil prices and its impact of PSAs and OPEC quota restrictions .
BP also indicted in its quarterly report that Q2 2010 is expected to experience a normal seasonal turnaround effect of about 100 Mboe /d .
These turnaround activities are planned for some of BP 's higher - margin areas including the North Sea and the Gulf of Mexico .
This will impact costs and margins as well as volumes .
Production , according to Group chief executive Tony Hayward , is expected to pick up again in 2011 .
There 's no telling what impact the April 20 , 2010 , blow - out in the Gulf of Mexico will have on BP 's future numbers .
BP had contracted the Deepwater Horizon semisubmersible from Transcoean to drill in the GOM .
The rig caught fire in April and sank .
The semisubmersible had been drilling at the Macondo well site in Mississippi Canyon Block 252 in about 5,000 ft of water .
BP was temporarily abandoning the Macondo Prospect as a producer at the time of the incident with the intent on tying it back to existing infrastructure in the area .
BP had drilled the well to just over 18,000 ft and cased and cemented it prior to the blow - out that killed 11 .
According to RigLogix , the Deepwater Horizon , an RBS - 8D - designed dynamically - positioned semisubmersible , was rated to work in water depths up to 10,000 ft and had a rated drilling depth capacity of 30,000 ft .
The rig was under a long - term contract to BP through September 2013 at a dayrate in the low $ 500s .
The Deepwater Horizon was built in Ulsan , South Korea by Hyundai Heavy Industries at a cost of approximately $ 365 million and entered service in 2001 .
Exploration and production success
As previously mentioned , offshore exploration and production successes contributed significantly to BP 's numbers in 2009 .
BP brought seven major projects onstream in 2009 , including three projects that came online ahead of schedule .
In the GOM , BP ramped up production at Thunder Horse to more than 300,000 boe/d .
Thunder Horse is now the largest single producing field in the GOM , bumping up GOM production from 240,000 boe/d in 2007 to more than 400,000 boe/d in 2009 .
BP also started production at Dorado and King South in May 2009 , and Atlantis Phase 2 in Q4 2009 .
Dorado and King South are both subsea tiebacks to the existing Marlin TLP .
Dorado comprises three new subsea wells about two miles from the Marlin TLP .
BP operates Dorado with a 75 % working interest and partner Shell holds 25 % interest .
King South is a single subsea well about 18 mi from the Marlin TLP and is 100 % owned and operated by BP .
Dorado uses dual completion technology to produce from five Miocene zones , and King South is produced through the existing King subsea pump .
" By bringing new resources onstream from areas close to the existing Marlin TLP , BP has re-established plateau oil production at Marlin a decade after first production .
This demonstrates the potential to apply the latest technology to leverage our existing infrastructure and maximize recovery , " said Andy Inglis , BP's Chief Executive of Exploration & Production .
BP also started up the Tangguh LNG project in 2009 .
According to the supermajor , Tangguh is more than 3,000 km east of the Indonesian capital Jakarta , hundreds of miles from the nearest major city , and accessible only by air or sea .
The first LNG was shipped just over four years after project sanction .
The project will export about 7.6 million tonnes of LNG per year .
The unmanned Savonette LNG platform offshore Trinidad & Tobago started production in 2009 as well .
Its produced gas supplies Atlantic LNG 's liquefaction plant .
The final two projects that came onstream last year were onshore .
TNK - BP started production in Russia in the northern hub of Kamennoye and in the Urna and Ust - Tegus fields in the Uvat area .
As mentioned previously , BP also reported three further discoveries in the ultra deepwater Block 31 off Angola and a significant exploration success with the Tiber oil discovery , drilled by the Deepwater Horizon , which is one of the deepest oil and gas discovery drilled to date .
BP said the Tiber discovery likely contains more than 3 Bbbl .
Tiber is operated by BP with a 62 % working interest with co-owners Petrobras 20 % and ConocoPhillips 18 % .
Current Rig Fleet
BP currently has 10 rigs under contract - one jackup , one drillship , and eight semisubmersibles .
Three are in the North Sea , three are in the GOM , and one each in the Caspian , Mediterranean , off West Africa , and off Trinidad & Tobago .
BP also has two newbuild drillships under contract as well the Deep Ocean Ascension and the Deep Ocean Clarion .
The Deep Ocean Ascension was delivered in February 2010 and is expected to start work in Q3 2010 and the Deep Ocean Clarion is due to be delivered in Q3 2010 and due to start work in Q1 2011 both in the GOM .
Of the supermajors , Shell leads the rig count with 20 jackups , semisubmersibles , and drillships currently contracted and deployed .
Chevron and Total each have 19 rigs , Statoil has 15 , ExxonMobil has 10 , and ConocoPhillips has 6 rigs contracted in the field .
Supermajors are known for their large profits , but National Oil Companies currently contract a greater number of rigs than the supermajors .
Petrobras has 51 rigs currently contracted , which includes rigs that are owned and operated by Petrobras .
That 's only seven fewer rigs contracted by the top three supermajors combined .
Pemex , ONGC and Saudi Aramco are also currently employing more rigs than BP with 29 , 34 and 21 respectively .
These numbers include rigs that are owned and operated by the NOCs .
With an average dayrate in the low - $ 440s for its floater fleet , BP is paying about a 11 % premium to the worldwide floater average in the high - $ 390s .
The dayrate for the single jackup that BP operates is in the low - $ 110s , which is roughly in line with the dayrate for the worldwide jackup fleet average in the mid-$ 110s .
Looking at rig utilization since 2000 , BP has averaged about 19 rigs ( jackups , semisubmersibles , drillships ) .
In 2010 , BP has about 11 contracted rigs in the field at a time .
Looking at contracts already in place for the last half of the year , the average number of rigs BP has contracted is 11 .
However , this number will likely increase as contracts are renewed and jackups are not typically contracted too far in advance .
BP 's largest contract in terms of dayrate is currently the GSF Development Driller II , which is owned by Transocean .
The semisubmersible started drilling a relief well on May 4 at the Macondo Prospect , which was discussed above .
The relief well is estimated to cost $ 100 million .
The GSF Development Driller II is working with its sister ship , the GSF Development Driller III .
The relief well , in 5,000 ft of water , could take up to 3 months to reach 13,000 ft below the seabed and seal the leak .
The Discoverer Enterprise is also on location providing support .
Activites
BP reported two major projects started up in Q1 2010 .
The major participated in the start - up of Great White in the GOM .
The field came online in late March 2010 .
Great
White is produced back to the Perdido Development , the world 's deepest offshore drilling and production facility in 8,000 ft of water .
The Perdido host spar is jointly owned by Shell ( 35 % ) , Chevron ( 37.5 % ) , and BP ( 27.5 % ) .
BP also started production onshore Canada .
The Noel project started exporting and selling gas earlier this year .
BP also announced that it will buy 10 exploration blocks in Brazil , an interest in the ACG development in the Caspian Sea offshore Azerbaijan , and a " major portfolio of deepwater exploration acreage and prospects " in the US GOM from Devon Energy .
In return , BP has agreed to sell a 50 % stake in the Kirby oil sands in Alberta , Canada and form a 50/50 joint venture in the development of Kirby .
In addition , BP acquired Total 's 15.7 % stake in Valhall and its 25 % interest in Hod .
Both fields are in the southern part of the Norwegian continental shelf .
Follow BP and its projects worldwide by visiting SubseaIQ , or follow the developments , contracts and initiatives of the rigs through RigLogix .
Three explosions rocked Baghdad Sunday morning , killing and injuring dozens , authorities said .
Huge columns of smoke could be seen rising in central Baghdad .
The blasts were within three minutes of one another .
Two of the explosions occurred in Mansour neighborhood in western Baghdad and the third was outside the Iranian embassy in the central part of the city .
No additional details was immediately available .
America — third - fattest country in the world , according to the WHO — has a schizophrenic relationship with food .
Could the union of obesity activists and eating - disorder advocates generate any real insight ?
Strangely , at a recent panel , it kinda did .
Advertisement
It seems like I spend half my life going to panels about women 's bodies .
Most of the time , each is depressing in a wholly different way from the last .
This latest panel , held on Friday , was hosted by the NEDA , the National Eating Disorders Alliance , the Obesity Society , and STOP Obesity Alliance — a combination of voices that could have been highly combustible .
Competing for scarce health research dollars , the ears of legislators , and cultural legitimacy could make enemies of the anti-ED and the anti-obesity " sides . "
There is also the common argument that there is a kind of an either / or dichotomy between obesity and disordered eating , that if we push too hard to rationalize our relationship with food , and to encourage active lifestyles , we will end up encouraging people to develop eating disorders .
( This is mostly false .
Like it says on the NEDA pamphlet , eating disorders are illnesses , not choices . )
But instead of anger and resentment , there was common ground .
It was nice to see a panel about health , weight , and the media that treated the discussion of body size as neither a sideshow or as a smokescreen .
Rather than having a " debate " about whether or not women can take up space , or giving fashion 's leading lights another opportunity for their furious buck - passing , here were some doctors and some medical journalists — look , a lady from Newsweek ! — and , hello , Emme , talking about obesity , eating disorders , and the culture that feeds them , in a reasonable way , a way that suggested there was common ground for change .
Meme Roth was notably absent .
Advertisement
The Obesity Society 's Dr. Donna Ryan began by talking about how overweight and obese people have been shown to face discrimination and stigma , and how that can lead to poorer health outcomes .
" When I 'm talking to my patients , " she said , " I never mention the O - word .
It creates a barrier , and it's not helpful . "
Joe Nadglowski , Jr. , of the Obesity Action Coalition , an advocacy group that represents people affected by obesity , talked about how the construction of body weight as an issue of physical beauty is harmful , because it trivializes and obscures overweight as a potential health issue .
I 'm sure America 's 10 million eating disorder sufferers , who are pretty tired of hearing that their disease is just the result of misdirected vanity , would agree .
" We have to break the association with cosmetics , with cosmesis , " he said .
In a culture which glorifies an extraordinarily thin beauty standard , especially for women , and where the imagery of the diet industry all revolves around how great you 'll look after a X weeks of drinking chalky tasting shakes or counting points , it would indeed be nice to decouple size from beauty once and for all .
" We need to shift our focus from body size to health , " said Dr. Ryan .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Nadglowski mentioned that Americans spend around $ 55 billion on the diet industry annually , yet longitudinal studies show 95 % of us eventually gain the weight we lose back ; our obesity has become a profit center , and we are no healthier for it .
" The diet industry does n't want you to be successful , " pointed out Emme .
" They depend on repeat customers . "
Meanwhile , growers of cheap calorie sources that often end up in processed food , like corn and soy , are subsidized , while fresh fruit and vegetables are n't , and obesity is n't even covered under most health insurance plans .
If you want to consult with your doctor about your weight , chances are it 'll have to be on your dime .
And yet obesity , we are constantly told , is the Number One Health Issue facing the country , correlated with heart disease , certain types of cancer , Type 2 diabetes , orthopedic problems and osteoarthritis .
Dr. Ryan , an obesity researcher , said investment in obesity - related medical research is far too low , considering the number of people affected .
We still do n't even understand how obesity causes many of the diseases and conditions it 's associated with .
Dr. Ryan said studies show that body size as an adult is approximately 70 % due to genetic factors , not all of which are yet well understood .
( There 's no single " fat gene . " )
Fraternal twins , who are exposed to roughly the same environmental conditions growing up , often have very discordant body types , while identical twins are generally extremely close in size .
Dieting for aesthetic reasons encourages dramatic , short - term weight loss , and as so many women know , eating at odds to your own body makes you that much more likely to regain the weight and then some .
Advertisement
Glamour magazine sent its deputy editor , Wendy Naugle , to the panel — Naugle and Emme , who now works for NEDA 's Body Image Council , were the only representatives of the fashion industry present .
( Where were Vogue and Elle and the Council of Fashion Designers of America ?
Why were n't they willing to talk about how the beauty standard sausage gets made , and the sickening effects it can have on those who consume it ? )
Since what Naugle called " the woman on page 194 phenomenon , " Glamour " had a huge surge in subscriptions . "
Glamour has continued to feature at least one plus - size model in its pages in every issue since — most other ladymags treat body diversity as a gesture to be made once a year .
" There is an array of beauty , " said Emme .
" We 're not all supposed to be the same . "
Advertisement
And , of course , beauty standards weigh more heavily on women than on men .
" Why is the conversation about Precious all about Gaby Sidibe 's weight ? " asked Emme .
" And not about the incredible job she did as an actor , and the amazing feat of being nominated for an Oscar in her first ever role ? "
The former plus - size model compared Sidibe 's treatment in the press to that of The Blind Side 's Quinton Aaron .
Both are young , black actors who had breakout roles in two of the top films of 2009 .
Both happen to be overweight .
But because Sidibe is a woman , we talk a lot about her appearance .
( Sometimes we do it in the guise of concern for her health . )
And because Aaron is a man , we talk about his talent .
Dr. Ryan had a useful take on body - mass index , that much - maligned statistical indicator .
Dr. Ryan explained BMI is simply not intended as any kind of individual predictor of health .
" It correlates well , on a population basis , with body fatness , which correlates well to certain health outcomes , " she said , defending it as a statistical tool .
" There is a correlation that as BMI increases , health risks increase , " said Dr. Ovidio Bermudez , the former president of NEDA .
" But it needs to be part of a series of diagnostic tests .
And it is also true that as BMI decreases , health risks increase . "
Paying too much attention to BMI alone is a trap , Dr. Ryan said , because " the cut points [ on the continuum ] reinforce the idea that there are magic numbers . "
Reaching 25 or 30 on the BMI scale on its own does n't say anything about your health .
But knowing what percentage of a country 's adult population is in those cohorts can give researchers a basic idea of the health of that country .
Advertisement
Which is not to say that obesity is n't a pressing health issue .
Nadglowski said that one third of Medicare dollars are currently spent on Type 2 diabetes — an eminently preventable and treatable disease that , thanks to our poor diet and lack of activity , is affecting people at younger and younger ages .
Writer Abby Ellin , who was in the audience , asked a sharp question : if weight is just weight , and health is a matter of behavior not size , then why do we talk about , in the words of panel member Dr. Max Gomez , the " obesity crisis " ?
( Gomez , definitely the dud of the group , had just one other notable contribution : to say that exercising and eating right is primarily a matter of " personal responsibility . "
Dr. Ryan retorted , " It is not just an individual responsibility .
It 's a social responsibility . "
Emme added , " It 's also about corporate responsibility . " )
Advertisement
But back to Ellin 's point :
Why fight " obesity " if the problem is truly unhealthy behavior , and the former is n't the sole or even best indicator of the latter ?
Well , said Dr. Ryan , studies show that almost everyone who experiences negative health effects associated with their weight sees those health problems ease with the loss of just 5 - 10 % of their total body weight .
Still , to say people with obesity - linked health problems will see improvements if they lose weight is kind of a truism : what about people classified as " obese " or " overweight " according to BMI , who have no real health problems related to their size ?
Dr. Ryan went on to mention studies that show that on average , people who are technically overweight or obese , but fit , are healthier than people who are of " normal " BMI who are unfit .
" It is not realistic to expect that we could get everyone down to a BMI of under 25 , " she said .
Some people eat mindfully and have healthy activity levels and will never be the size we call " normal . "
A person 's overall health should count for more than just a BMI equation , or a dress size , or a number on the scale .
Of course , to bring that about is going to take a lot more than just a panel discussion in a conference room .
Earlier this month , a British Army sniper Corporal Craig Harrison broke the world 's record for superaccurate shooting , taking out a pair of Taliban machine gunners from a mile - and - a - half away .
It was a one - in - a - million feat – one performed under " perfect " conditions , Harrison says : " no wind , mild weather , clear visibility . "
Darpa , the Pentagon 's way - out research arm , is hoping to use lasers and advanced optical systems to make other snipers Harrison - accurate , even when the winds are howling .
The agency is looking for 15 ultraprecise sniper scopes to put in shooters ' hands by next year .
The " One Shot " program originally aimed to give snipers the power to hit a target from 2000 meters away in winds as high as 40 miles per hour .
In the first phases of the 3 - year - old program , shooters used prototype rifles dressed with lasers and fancy computer hardware to do damage from 1,100 meters away in 18 - mile - an - hour winds .
The scope - mounted lasers can " see " wind turbulence in the path of the bullet and feed the data to computers , enabling real - time calculation of – and compensation for – the wind - blown trajectory .
The program is just one of several high - tech hardware upgrades the U.S. military is pursuing for its snipers .
Plans are also in place to make bullets that can change course in mid-air and a stealth sniper scope that would make shooters all but invisible .
With initial demonstrations complete , the next step for One Shot is to make 15 " field - testable prototype , observation , measurement , and ballistic calculation system [s ] , which enable [ s ] nipers to hit targets with the first round , under crosswind conditions , up to the maximum effective range , " Darpa says in its program announcement .
Total cost : $ 7 million .
Darpa stresses that " no alignment verification of the laser / crosswind optics to the spotting scope or calibration in - field should be required , " indicating that those early demos probably required a lot of tender loving care from the engineers who designed the systems .
Lockheed Martin received $ 2 million to participate in the early phases of the program , and will presumably compete for the opportunity to make the rifles battle - ready .
What the agency really wants is a battle - ready system that does n’t require tricky in - field optical alignment and fiddling with lasers .
Night and day accuracy also means that the laser , which is used to help calculate and subtract wind turbulence between the predator and his prey , ca n’t be infrared .
Enemies with night - vision goggles would see that from a mile away .
The program is slightly behind schedule .
The original goal was to have production - ready scopes by fall of 2009 .
With luck , Darpa will have its new supersniper rifles by the fall of 2011 .
– Olivia Koski is an intern at Wired 's New York offices .
This is her first post for Danger Room .
Photo : Department of Defense
See Also :
" I believe this 1 percent for education makes sense , and I think the people of Illinois will understand .
We must invest in the future , even in these tough economic times , " Quinn said .
This is urgent .
We do n't have six months .
We do n't have six weeks .
I challenge the General Assembly to take immediate action to enact the 1 percent for education initiative . "
In his short budget speech to the House and Senate , Quinn argued that an income tax " surcharge " would be enough to restore Illinois ' education budget to current levels and allow the state to get caught up on some of the millions owed to public schools , community colleges and four - year universities .
Last year , Quinn unsuccessfully tried to raise the personal income tax rate from 3 percent to 4.5 percent and provide some tax relief .
The political dynamics for a tax increase have grown only worse as the election - seeking Democratic governor confronts campaigning legislators who fear a voter backlash in the Nov. 2 general election .
Senate President John Cullerton said today that he supports the Quinn tax increase but wants the House to " lead the way . "
Cullerton , a Chicago Democrat , noted the Senate passed an income tax increase last year and said that the Senate would be able to pass the new Quinn plan .
" This was the governor 's idea ... and I support it , " Cullerton said .
House Speaker Michael Madigan said Quinn did an " excellent job " laying out the dimensions of the state 's budget woes , but did not directly say whether he backed the governor 's tax increase .
Madigan said he did not know basic details of Quinn 's proposal , such as whether the governor planned to have the tax increase expire .
Madigan said Quinn should be applauded for having the " courage " to propose a tax hike at a time when it might be necessary yet still politically unpopular .
" The people of America do n't want a tax increase , " Madigan said on public television 's " Illinois Lawmakers . "
" They 're hurting ... You should admire the governor for having the courage to stand up in these times and say we need to maintain the fiscal integrity of the state . "
Though the Democrats control the House , Senate and governor 's mansion , Madigan tried to assign some blame to GOP lawmakers as " non-participating dropouts in the budget process .
" I sincerely hope that every member is prepared to cooperate and do the heavy lifting , " Madigan said , referring to upcoming budget negotiations .
" I have my doubts . "
Quinn 's Republican governor opponent , state Sen. Bill Brady of Bloomington , called the budget proposal " a catastrophe . "
" I have never seen a fiscal plan that is such a disaster , " said Brady , stressing that he thought more borrowing and tax hikes would only worsen the state 's already bleak economic climate .
" It 's not going to work to bring business investment back to this state and jobs when you send a message that we ’re not going to solve our fiscal crisis , we ’re going to try to borrow our way out of it with record borrowing ....
A family , a business , a government can not borrow unless it 's got a plan to pay it back ... We can not increase taxes in this state .
All we ’re going to do is push more jobs out of the state . "
The governor 's caustic budget plan , first unveiled by top aides Tuesday , also relies on borrowing billions of dollars to stay afloat and pushing even more debt down the road .
The administration 's hope is to persuade leery lawmakers to instead raise taxes in an election year .
Quinn aides warned the plan would cost some 13,000 teachers and staff their jobs , cut off poor seniors from help in paying for costly prescriptions and shut down some health care programs for the indigent .
But even after about $ 2 billion in cuts , the state would still be $ 11 billion in the hole .
Quinn took a shot at a plan offered by his Republican rival for governor , state Sen .
Bill Brady , who has proposed 10 percent across the board cuts .
Without naming Brady , Quinn said his GOP opponent was offering a plan both “ heartless and naïve ” that would take a “ chainsaw ” approach to funding for schools and social services .
Quinn ’s plan to downsize his income - tax hike request and focus it on education funding represents a small - step , targeted approach to the state ’s massive deficit .
Such a plan could motivate the state ’s powerful teachers ’ unions and other education advocates during the current legislative session , pitting supporting schools against legislative fears of enacting an election - year tax increase .
At the same time , the education tax increase alone would do little toward resolving the state ’s $ 13 billion budget deficit , leaving open the potential for further tax increase discussions between Quinn and legislative leaders following the Nov. 2 general election .
Quinn 's gambit , to propose cuts in education and social services , represents the latest step in the increasing divergence between the state 's very real deteriorating fiscal situation and the rhetoric of politicians who believe the public does n't want or trust Springfield to get any more money from their wallets .
Similar cries about slashing services last year ended up being papered over by increased borrowing .
Many lawmakers privately expect that fears among rank - and - file lawmakers about a voter revolt will lead to a repeat of last spring 's session .
By proposing cuts of $ 1.3 billion in education , all but $ 94 million coming from grade and high schools , as well as taking about $ 300 million away from cities and villages , Quinn may be trying to set the stage for public anger over the potential of increased local property taxes — more hated than the state income tax — to take up the slack .
At the same time , with politicians traditionally proclaiming that education is their top priority , the likelihood of teachers being pink - slipped in the midst of campaign season would seem doubtful .
Likewise , Chicago Mayor Richard Daley has already turned thumbs - down on Quinn 's idea to share less state tax revenue with cities .
Though powerful Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan of Chicago could control enough votes for a tax increase , he has insisted Republicans also must vote to share the pain over decades of mismanaged budgets and underfunded state pensions .
Republicans , however , have little political incentive to back a tax increase and have contended the excesses were due to six years of budget gimmickry by disgraced former Gov. Rod Blagojevich and compounded by the Democrats ' one - party rule of Springfield .
Overall , Quinn 's budget proposal forecasts a $ 4.7 billion operating deficit for the budget year that begins July 1 , on top of $ 6 billion of debt from the current budget .
Quinn would borrow to cover the operating shortfall , which would need to be repaid later on top of the $ 6 billion in lingering debt .
At the same time , the state will face the loss of more than $ 1 billion in federal money that has been used to prevent cuts in education funding this year .
Quinn 's proposal counts on the federal government continuing to pay a higher reimbursement rate for health care for the poor .
If that ends as scheduled next December , it would blow a more than $ 500 million hole in the budget .
In addition to the proposed education cuts , Quinn would cut half of the $ 140 million used to help poor seniors make up for the federal " doughnut hole " in their Medicare prescription coverage .
Stermer also said there was " an agreement in the works " within the legislature that would institute a two - tier pension plan with lesser benefits for future state workers .
Such a plan , he said , would provide up to $ 300 million in savings in the budget proposal .
While pushed by prominent politicians in both parties , a two - tier system has been fought by state labor unions .
Though it is likely that lawmakers would significantly revise Quinn 's proposal , regardless of prospects for a tax increase until after the fall election , the governor 's administration nodded to public sentiment to cut government before raising taxes .
At the same time , Quinn appeared to adopt proposals offered by two rivals for his job in the Feb. 2 primary .
Echoing a call by Democratic Comptroller Dan Hynes , Quinn would review , renegotiate or dump many costly contracts that were signed under Blagojevich .
He also proposed a tax cut for small businesses that create jobs , while his general election rival , Republican state Sen.
Bill Brady of Bloomington , proposed a broader tax credit .
I use @font - face ( and have blogged about it a few times here ) , and am always on the lookout for good @font - face kits to enhance a website ’s design .
Recently , while working on a project that was particularly text and number - heavy , I became a little obsessed with finding fonts with great looking numerals to use with @font - face .
Here are my favorites :
This is the one I eventually chose for my project , mostly because it looks so clean and elegant , with classically formed numerals and easy to read letters .
Comes in “ Bronze ” and small - caps versions as well .
Download Imperator @font - face kit »
Sometimes I have to be told to “ step away from the Goudy ” , because Goudy - that classic font that ’s been around since 1916 – is hands - down one of my favorite serif fonts .
Trust me when I say it looks great used in @font - face , as long as your font sizes are n’t too small .
Beautiful numerals that are stylish yet clear .
Download Goudy Bookletter 1911 @font - face kit »
This one is listed in the “ 1950 ’s ” category , and it does have a bit of a Mad - Men feel to it .
Its numerals that are similar in style to Goudy Bookletter ’s , but I like using KelmscottRoman because its letters are a little more stylized , and good for headlines and banner text .
Download KelmscottRoman @font - face kit »
A good , solid choice , ChanticleerRoman is a little bit old - fashioned , but renders beautifully as an @font - face font .
This one also looks particularly good at larger sizes .
Download Chanticleer Roman @font - face kit »
You ’ll notice that most of my choices here are serif fonts - that ’s because I think their numerals are always more interesting than sans - serifs .
But Qlassik , a sans - serif that ’s a little bit rounded , displays its letters and numbers almost gracefully .
A beautiful choice for both vintage and modern designs .
Download Qlassik @font - face kit »
Macquarie 's efforts appear to have been brutally efficient .
Within days ASIC would impose a ban on the short selling of financial stocks - an investment strategy used to make money by punting on a share price falling further - that would halt the precipitous plummet of the bank 's shares .
And within weeks , the government would implement a banking deposit guarantee and a wholesale lending agreement allowing Macquarie and other banks to use the government 's stronger AAA rating to borrow money when credit markets were closed .
The backroom dealing began within hours of the collapse of Lehman Bros on September 15 , sparking the most intense phase of the global credit squeeze .
The next day , Macquarie 's Trevor Burns typed a two - page email to the head of the Treasury 's markets division , Jim Murphy , with the subject line marked " confidential " .
The email has been identified in response to a specific freedom of information request by the BusinessDay for correspondence concerning Macquarie 's representations to Treasury on the state of global financial markets .
Burns is well connected in the corridors of power .
A former chief of staff to the Howard government minister Warwick Smith , Burns followed Smith to Macquarie , although he later moved to a consultancy with the bank .
A day later , on September 17 , as global markets reeled and Macquarie shares continued to slide , a flurry of emails flew between the floors of 1 Martin Place , the old GPO building housing both Macquarie and ASIC .
Another email came two days later .
The existence of those emails was revealed in response to an FOI request for correspondence between Macquarie and ASIC on short selling and the state of financial markets .
Appearing to show uncommon haste , ASIC acted within two days of the first email flurry .
On September 19 , it banned naked short selling , effectively ending the rout in Macquarie shares , which surged 9 per cent that day .
Within days , it fully banned short selling on financial stocks .
But Macquarie was free to continue its trading activities , including short selling shares in other companies .
By early October , the government had swung into action , guaranteeing all deposits and implementing a wholesale funding guarantee .
Macquarie spared no effort to shore up support .
BusinessDay understands that as part of its lobbying effort , Burns met the then financial services minister Nick Sherry to push for a ban on short selling .
It is understood Macquarie 's chief executive , Nicholas Moore , also met Sherry .
The flurry of activity from Macquarie is starkly at odds with repeated assurances from its chief financial officer , Greg Ward , that the bank was at no stage under threat , having ample reserves to meet all obligations .
But that argument overlooks the crisis in confidence engulfing Macquarie at the time , evident in its plunging share price which hit a low of $ 15.75 .
Clearly , the matter is still highly sensitive .
Treasury has refused to divulge the contents of the email Trevor Burns sent to Jim Murphy in the hours after Lehmans collapsed , saying that the document " was marked as a confidential communication " .
Geoff Miller , Treasury 's general manager of corporation and financial services , said Treasury had consulted Macquarie in deciding to reject the release of the email .
BusinessDay applied for an internal review by Treasury of its refusal to release the document , citing public interest ; Australia 's AAA credit rating had been lent to banks so they could obtain money on credit markets that were otherwise frozen in the crisis .
BusinessDay also argued there was significant public interest in establishing Macquarie 's need to use the taxpayers ' credit rating because the risk remained to the taxpayer until those loans were repaid .
Incredibly , the Treasury official who conducted the internal review of the department 's rejection of the BusinessDay request was the same executive who received the initial email from Macquarie .
The Treasury executive director , Jim Murphy , rejected BusinessDay 's appeal for the release of Burns 's email , saying its release " could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Macquarie Group " .
He detailed a " long - standing understanding " and a " mutual understanding " between Treasury and Macquarie that correspondence was confidential .
" I find that the information was communicated within the context of a mutual understanding that Treasury would treat it as confidential , " Murphy wrote .
" The email was sent from Mr T. Burns , Macquarie Group , to me .
There is a longstanding understanding with the Macquarie Group that correspondence sent to me in confidence is received in confidence . "
Murphy rejected the argument that marking correspondence confidential did not guarantee its protection .
" While I am aware that the marking of documents as ' confidential ' is not in itself sufficient to show that information was communicated and received in confidence , there is a long - standing understanding between the Treasury and Macquarie Bank that communications marked in confidence and sent to particular people in the Treasury , including me , will be treated confidentially . "
Murphy is one of the highest ranking officials in Treasury and has responsibility for policy relating to the financial system , including prudential and corporate regulation .
He has been an adviser to the IMF in Washington and has held senior government positions , including head of budget policy with the Department of Finance .
BusinessDay is appealing against Murphy 's rejection of its request to the federal ombudsman .
Macquarie did not just target government officials .
A day after Burns wrote to Treasury , the millionaires ' factory turned its attention to the corporate regulator .
In response to an FOI request , the Herald has been provided with a schedule of emails between Macquarie and ASIC .
Unlike Treasury 's response , ASIC has revealed neither the identity of the Macquarie emailer nor the identity of the recipient at ASIC .
But the scope of BusinessDay 's request to ASIC specifically sought representations involving short selling .
ASIC 's FOI officer , Mirijana Soldatic , told BusinessDay she identified 14 documents fitting the FOI request .
Macquarie emailed ASIC three times on September 1 as markets tightened before the Lehmans collapse , first with a 17 - page attachment , then a 34 - page attachment , and then a 92 - page attachment .
But it was not until September 17 , after the Lehman Bros collapse , that the pace quickened .
Seven emails were identified under the FOI coming from Macquarie to ASIC on the state of markets and short selling .
In a letter responding to the BusinessDay application to make the documents available , Ms Soldatic said she would release none .
She said the first document " is an email from ASIC to Macquarie concerning short selling and false market rumours " .
The remaining 13 documents " contain further correspondence between Macquarie and ASIC concerning the matters contained in document 1 " .
BusinessDay is applying for an internal review of ASIC 's rejection of the release of the emails .
Macquarie was one of the biggest users of the government 's offshore funding guarantee , raising nearly $ 20 billion , and established a unit under the direction of the trusted Packer - family banker Ben Brazil .
Macquarie 's strategy , revealed in BusinessDay last year , to raise funds under the federal government guarantee and to then lend it at a higher rate to foreign companies , is understood to have enraged the Treasurer , Wayne Swan .
Ward has always maintained Macquarie had adequate reserves and was never in danger of collapse .
In early 2009 , the Deutsche Bank analyst Ross Brown quipped to Ward at Macquarie 's earnings result : " If it was n't for government guarantees we might not be sitting here having this conversation " .
In a letter to the editor of the Sydney Morning Herald earlier this year , Ward wrote : " Macquarie Group strongly rejects the claim that in 2008 Macquarie ' was in danger of collapse ' .
Throughout the crisis Macquarie remained profitable with significant excess liquidity and surplus capital .
" The federal government introduced a guarantee as part of a global response to the financial crisis .
To suggest its actions were initiated for the benefit of a single institution is misleading and wrong .
More than 200 financial institutions - not all banks - have been covered by the guarantee .
For accessing it , Macquarie pays the government an annual fee , currently more than $ 200 million . "
While that may be true , the run on Macquarie 's share price was turning into a self - fulfilling prophecy and was threatening to trigger margin loans among senior executives .
On another front , a reported run on Macquarie 's Cash Management Trust - which was not included on Macquarie 's balance sheet - was draining funds .
Figures have never been released on how much money left the business during that period , but in the aftermath of the financial crisis , the bank made a decision to shut down the business and to shift those deposits into other accounts on the Macquarie balance sheet .
At its peak Macquarie 's CMT business had close to $ 18 billion under management .
By February this year it was down to $ 10.7 billion .
Ironically , an ASIC investigation into market rumours - dubbed Project Mint - only claimed one scalp , a former Macquarie staffer who was banned for several years for sending an email suggesting there was a run on the cash management business .
Macquarie 's spokeswoman , Lisa Jamieson , declined to comment .
Loading
Do you know more ?
email mevans@smh.com.au
For the Binary Analysis Tool , please see the old website .
For Binary Analysis Next Generation , please go to the BANG GitHub page
Introduction , Inside Setup Setup - more Hands On , Routing Performance Wireless Performance , Closing Thoughts Start
Prev
1
2
3
4
5
Next
End
Introduction
At a Glance Product Cisco Valet Wireless HotSpot ( M10 ) Summary Single - band N router with 10/100 switch and goof - proof setup .
Pros •
Extremely simple to set up for Windows and MacOS users
• Setup automatically sets admin password and wireless security
• Built - in password protected guest LAN
• Subscription free parental controls Cons •
Same password for router admin and wireless security
The introduction of Cisco 's new Valet wireless products should remove any remaining doubt that , going forward , Cisco , not Linksys products , will be heavily marketed to consumers of home networking products .
In addition to the two new Cisco - branded entries , the Valet ( Model M10 - $ 99.95 ) and the Valet Plus ( Model M20 - $ 149.95 ) , Cisco also re-shuffled , renamed and dropped SKUs in the Linksys product line .
Gone are the venerable " WRT " series of routers , now replaced by new Linksys - branded " E " series models .
Even the marketing collateral shows a different focus .
The Linksys " E " series of routers , now pared down to four SKUs , are still called " Wireless N Routers " , while the Valet products are called a more consumer - friendly " Wireless HotSpot " .
In reality , there 's a very close correlation between the new Cisco Valet and " E " series products and the Linksys " WRT " routers that they replace .
Tim's Inside Story : Linksys E-Series and Cisco Valet article does an excellent job of unraveling all of the changes .
I could n't improve on his table , so I 've copied it here for your convenience .
New Old Chipset Valet ( M10 ) WRT160N ( V3 ) - Broadcom BCM4716 Intensi-fi XLR 802.11n 2.4 GHz Router System - on - Chip
- Switch : Broadcom BCM5325 Valet Plus ( M20 ) WRT310N ( V2 ) - Broadcom BCM4716 Intensi-fi XLR 802.11n ( 2.4/5 GHz ) Router System - on - Chip
- Switch : Broadcom BCM53115 E1000 WRT160N ( V3 ) - Broadcom BCM4716 Intensi-fi XLR 802.11n 2.4 GHz Router System - on - Chip
- Switch : Broadcom BCM5325 E2000 WRT320N - Broadcom BCM4717 Intensi-fi XLR 802.11n ( 2.4/5 GHz ) Router System - on - Chip
- Switch : Broadcom BCM53115 E2100L WRT160NL - CPU : Atheros AR9130 400MHz Wireless Network Processor
- Switch : Realtek RTL8306SD
- BB/ MAC : In AR9130
- Radio : Atheros AR9102 : Single - band 2x2 MIMO 802.11n Radio E3000 WRT610N ( V2 ) - CPU : Broadcom BCM4705
- Switch : Broadcom BCM53115
-5 GHz : Broadcom BCM4322 Intensi-fi Single - Chip 802.11n Transceiver
- 2.4GHz : Broadcom BCM4322 Intensi-fi Single - Chip 802.11n Transceiver Table 1 : Valet , E-series and WRT comparison
For years , the Holy Grail for wireless router manufacturers has been to create a product with a simple , " bullet - proof " setup .
Not only does a smooth , trouble - free setup experience benefit the consumer , but it also helps manufacturers by reducing consumer returns and help line calls .
Cisco's Valet products are targeted at the technically unsophisticated , i.e. those who do n't necessarily understand technology but just want it to work .
The " secret sauce " behind the Valet 's remarkable ease of use is an entirely revamped setup / installation technique .
The story from Cisco is that they took the teams from the Network Magic and Flip aquisitions , put them in a room and told them to create new auto - setup technology that anyone could use .
Over the years , I 've reviewed a number of wireless routers , but found that each of the setup " wizards " that some of them came with left something to be desired .
But two words describe the new Valet setup : Nailed it !
The Valet setup was the smoothest and simplest setup of any router I 've tested .
Best of all , it works for both Mac and Windows and with any manufacturer 's wireless client adapters .
I generated screen shots of the setup on both platforms , but there was no need to - the setup screens were virtually identical for both OSes .
I do n't often comment on product packaging , but the Cisco Valet packaging also deserves special mention .
The product box is wrapped in cleanly designed white sleeve that shows a large image of the product , the new Valet logo and the tag line , " Home wireless made easy " .
The back of the sleeve shows a young woman and man , each with a wireless notebook with the additional tag line , " The simple way to create your own wireless hotspot " .
Below the image are four bullet points that highlight the benefits of the Valet .
The bottom of the package simply states system requirements and sports a small Wi-Fi certification logo .
Cisco wisely eliminated all of the speed , range and 802.11n technical jargon usually found on packaging for wireless routers .
The Valet 's target customer would just have been confused by that information anyway .
The box inside the sleeve is well constructed and feels solid .
Even before starting to configure the Valet , my test subject ( my wife ) commented that the solid packaging gave the impression that the product would be dependable .
And what a difference color can make !
The case of the Cisco Valet is essentially the same form factor as used on the new Linksys " E " series of wireless routers .
But instead of a shiny black case , the M10 has a soft - finish eggshell white case , and , in the case of the M10 , a light blue accent .
My wife made a special comment on how attractive the device looked compared to the many other routers that have made their way through my office .
The front , or in this case , the top of the Valet , shown in Figure 1 has the traditional LEDs found on all Cisco and Linksys products .
There are four individual blue LEDs to indicate wired connections and activity , a WPS ( Wi - Fi Protected Setup ) button should you choose to manually set up wireless security , a wireless indicator that flashes to show wireless activity , an Internet icon to show connectivity and activity on the WAN port , and finally , a power indicator .
On the Gigabit - capable Valet Plus , the LAN and WAN port LEDs are multi-colored - Blue for 10/100 connections , and green for Gigabit connections .
Figure 1 : Cisco Valet front panel
There 's really nothing too noteworthy about the rear panel , shown in Figure 2 .
The rear panel has a color coded port ( yellow ) for the WAN connection , and four blue ports for the LAN connections .
There 's also a reset button , and the power connector .
In keeping with the consumer - friendly design , the " wall wart " and the power cable are white , instead of the traditional black found on most other devices ( except Apple's ) .
Figure 2 : Cisco Valet rear panel
On the Inside
Figure 3 shows the interior of the Valet M10 .
As noted above , it uses virtually the same components as found in the now discontinued Linksys WRT160N and the new E1000 models .
The M10 is powered by a Broadcom BCM4716 Intensi-fi XLR 802.11n 2.4 GHz Router System - on - Chip .
And the 10/100 switch is a Broadcom BCM5325 .
Figure 3 : Cisco Valet M10 board
Cook a Porterhouse steak using the french sous vide method without any special equipment .
With all the beer cooler sous vide recipes floating about the interwebs I ’ve been itching to try it out .
Last week after a Fresh Direct event , I was given what was perhaps the best goodie bag I ’ve ever received at any press event .
It was overflowing with ramps , an awesome banana bread , freshly ground peanut butter , and most importantly , there was a 1.5 ″ thick porterhouse steak in a vacum sealed bag .
It sat in the fridge for a few days , and when I finally had a chance to make it , I surveyed my closet containing the beer cooler and decided it was n’t worth getting buried under a avalanche of shoe boxes to have my steak sous vide .
Disappointed , I headed back to the kitchen , eyeing the cast iron pan for a minute before refocusing my gaze on my blue enameled dutch oven .
I could feel the excitement surge up from the bottom of my stomach and through my brain to a little lightbulb floating whimsically above my head .
I use the dutch oven all the time to do slow cooked eggs at a controlled temperature , so why not use it on the steak as well .
I quickly prepared a 131 degree water bath , dropped the Cryovac sealed steak into the water and put the whole assembly in a 170 degree oven .
My oven tends to run cool , and by checking the temperature every 30 minutes , I let just enough heat out to keep the water at a steady temp between 128 and 133 .
After an hour and half I took out the now rather unappetizing looking pink and grey steak , opened up the bag and was greeting by a ridiculously tender piece of meat that was still bleeding .
Some salt and pepper and a quick sear in the cast iron skillet and I had a normal looking steak on the outside that was impossibly tender and perfectly pink all the way through .
Taking some inspiration from my carne asada recipe , I paired this with a salad of tamed onions , cilantro and lime juice .
The crisp , sweet and tangy salad was the perfect counterpoint to the rich fatty slab of caramelized meat on the plate .
To get rid of the strong oniony taste and to make the onions extra crisp , I borrowed a Japanese technique often used with cabbage .
First you slice the onions super thin ( I used a mandoline ) , then you drop them in an ice water bath for an hour , changing the water once in the middle .
This takes most of the edge off the onions , allowing the natural sweetness to shine through .
Sous Vide Porterhouse with Tamed Onion Salad American
Entree 0 from 0 votes Print Nutrition Ingredients 1.5 porterhouse " thick steak ( in a heat - safe vacuum sealed bag )
sweet onion 1 sliced thinly .
cilantro 4 sprigs .
lime juice of 1 .
salt pepper and .
Steps Preheat your oven to the lowest setting it will go to ( mine only goes down to 170 degrees F )
If it 's not already , vacuum seal the steak in a heat - safe plastic bag .
I 've heard of people using Ziploc bags to do this , but it 's pretty hard to get all the air out and the safety of using Ziploc bags in hot water is debatable .
Put the steak in a large dutch oven and cover with hot water .
Check the temperature of the water using an instant read thermometer and heat on the stove as needed .
The goal is to get the water just a smidge above 130 degrees ( the perfect temperature of a medium - rare steak ) .
Once it reaches the proper temperature , cover the pot with a lid and place it in the oven .
Cook for one and a half hours checking the temperature every 30 minutes , turning the oven off if the water is too hot , or turning it up if the water is too cool .
While the steak is cooking , cut the onion in half and use a mandoline to slice it very thinly into a bowl of ice water .
Allow it to soak for 30 minutes then drain and add more ice water , soaking for another 30 minutes .
Drain and use a salad spinner ( if you have one ) to dry the onions .
They should be crisp , sweet , and only faintly oniony .
Keep them in the fridge until the steak is ready .
Once the steak is done , remove it from the bag and salt and pepper generously .
Heat a cast iron skillet over medium high heat until very hot .
Add a splash of oil and sear the steak on one side ( about a minute ) , then flip and sear the other side .
Plate the steak .
Get the onions from the fridge and toss with the cilantro , lime juice , and salt and pepper to taste .
Mound the onion in a huge pile on top of the steak .
The steak should be enough to feed two people with a normal sized appetite , but if you use a smaller steak ( or you 're really hungry , double or triple the recipe ) Notes : .
0 0 vote Article Rating
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
LAST YEAR , Beluga Shipping discovered that there ’s money in global warming .
Beluga is a German firm that specializes in “ super - heavy lift ” transport .
Its vessels are equipped with massive cranes , allowing it to load and unload massive objects , like multiton propeller blades for wind turbines .
It is an enormously expensive business , but last summer , Beluga executives hit upon an interesting way to save money : Shipping freight over a melting Arctic .
Beluga had received contracts to send materials on a sprawling trip that would begin in Ulsan , South Korea , and head to the Russian port city of Arkhangelsk , located near the border with Finland . *
Normally , this trip requires Beluga ’s ships to navigate an 11,000 - mile route around the south of India and through the Suez Canal .
But in 2008 , its executives decided that global warming had eroded the Arctic ’s summer sea ice significantly enough that their ships could travel the Northeast Passage along the north coast of Russia .
Previously , a cargo ship could only safely navigate that route if an icebreaker went ahead , smashing a route through thick ice .
Now , a warming climate had — for six to eight weeks beginning in July — transformed the route into mostly open water , studded with ice floes that the Beluga ships could navigate .
So the executives got permission from the Russian government to travel along the coast , paid a transit fee of “ a comparably moderate five - digit figure , ” and sent two ships on their way .
Four months later , they ’d finished the trip .
Compared with the old Suez Canal journey , this shorter route saved an enormous pile of money :
It cost $ 300,000 less per ship in fuel and bunker costs .
Global warming had boosted the company ’s revenues by more than half a million dollars in one year alone .
When I interviewed Beluga CEO Niels Stolberg via email this spring , he said he envisions using the Northeast Passage regularly .
Indeed , he ’s planning on another trip this summer .
He said that since the shorter passage requires generating far less CO 2 , it ’s “ greener . ”
It ’s also more ironic , since it was high concentrations of CO 2 that helped melt the route in the first place .
“ I am convinced , ” Stolberg added , “ that the Arctic will become an area of quite regular sea traffic at least during summer . ”
* * *
IF YOU LOOKED merely at the realm of politics , it would be easy to believe that the question “ Is climate change really happening ? ” is still unresolved .
In the last year , skeptics have attacked climate science with renewed vigor .
Doubters seized on “ Climategate “ — leaked emails from bickering atmospheric scientists — to argue that the evidence in favor of warming is being cooked .
Other skeptics unearthed shoddy parts of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ’s 2007 report , such as the fact that it cited non-peer - reviewed work by an activist group when it predicted that most of the Himalayan glaciers would melt by 2035 .
And all along , conservative politicians have hissingly denounced global warming as a shady liberal scheme : Sen.
James Inhofe of Oklahoma famously called it “ the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people . ”
These attacks appear to be working .
A spring Gallup poll found that Americans ’ concern over global warming peaked two years ago , and has steadily declined since .
But there ’s one area where doubt has n’t grown — and where , indeed , people are more and more certain that climate change is not only real , but imminent : the world of industry and commerce .
Companies , of course , exist to make money .
That ’s often what makes them seem so rapacious .
But their primal greed also plants them inevitably in the “ reality - based community . ”
If a firm ’s bottom line is going to be affected by a changing climate — say , when its supply chains dry up because of drought , or its real estate gets swamped by sea - level rise — then it does n’t particularly matter whether or not the executives want to believe in climate change .
Railing at scientists for massaging tree - ring statistics wo n’t stop the globe from warming if the globe is actually , you know , warming .
The same applies in reverse , as the folks at Beluga Shipping adroitly realized :
If there are serious bucks to be made from the changing climate , then the free market is almost certainly going to jump at it .
This makes capitalism a curiously bracing mechanism for cutting through ideological haze and manufactured doubt .
Politicians or pundits can distort or cherry - pick climate science any way they want to try and gain temporary influence with the public .
But any serious industrialist who ’s facing “ climate exposure ” — as it ’s now called by money managers — cannot afford to engage in that sort of self - delusion .
Spend a couple of hours wandering through the websites of various industrial associations — aluminum manufacturers , real estate agents , wineries , agribusinesses , take your pick — and you ’ll find straightforward statements about the grim reality of climate change that would n’t seem out of place coming from Greenpeace .
Last year , Wall Street analysts issued 214 reports assessing the potential risks and opportunities that will come out of a warming world .
One by McKinsey & Co. argued that climate change will shake up industries with the same force that mobile phones reshaped the way we communicate .
* * *
CONSIDER , AS ONE colorful example , the skiing industry .
Beginning 10 years ago , the Aspen Skiing Co. began noticing that European ski lodges were being slowly destroyed by warmer weather .
Europe ’s ski resorts tend to be located on lower mountains — about 6,000 - 8,000 feet high , compared with American peaks up around 11,000 feet — so they ’re vulnerable to even extremely tiny increases in global temperature .
The 2 degree average temperature rise in the 20th century was enough “ to put a lot of them out of business , ” says Auden Schendler , executive director of sustainability for Aspen Skiing , which operates two resorts spread across four Colorado mountains .
But now , Aspen ’s own season is getting shorter : “ More balmy Novembers , more rainy Marches , ” Schendler says .
“ That ’s what we ’re seeing , and that ’s what the science suggests would happen .
If you graph frost - free days , there are more and more in the last 30 years . ”
Climate - change models also predict warmer nights .
Aspen Skiing has noticed that happening too , and the problem here is that nighttime is when ski lodges use their water - spraying technology to make snow — ” and if you make it when it ’s warmer it ’s exponentially more expensive . ”
The increasing volatility of weather overall — another prediction of climate change — poses a particular danger for ski resorts , because they operate in the red most of the year , making up their deficit during the busy spring break in March .
So if the weather is terrific for the entire winter but suddenly balmy during March break , that can ruin the whole fiscal year .
Schendler has also learned firsthand a point that climate scientists have been making for some time :
With climate change , “ warming ” is n’t the only — or even the most serious — challenge .
The sheer interdependence of complex ecosystems can grease you .
For example , recent dry spells in Utah have kicked up red dust clouds that settle on Aspen ’s snow .
This makes the snow melt more quickly ( because the red absorbs more heat from the sun ) while also making it too gritty to ski on .
Are all of Aspen Skiing ’s recent weather problems caused by global warming ?
It ’s impossible to tell .
But as Schendler notes , the last few years certainly mimic the precise effects that climate models predict , so it is at least a taste of what ’s to come .
During a recent dust storm on Aspen ’s slopes , Schendler ’s boss wandered into his office looking morose .
“ He said , ‘ Auden , if climate change is the scary thing for the future , this is the apocalypse now .
What if you get this in March ? ' ” Schendler recalls .
Now , all this tricky weather has n’t exactly destroyed Aspen Skiing ; the firm could probably survive even worse stuff .
The top of the mountain is so high , “ We can ski it in 50 years and it ’ll be great , ” Schendler notes .
But it could certainly erode Aspen ’s profits , and Colorado would suffer as a result :
The ski industry overall is a $ 2.6 billion business for the state , drawing in 12 million visitors a year .
So to try and preserve its profit margins , the Aspen Skiing Co. has recently become a loud voice in favor of congressional action on the climate .
In 2007 , Schendler testified before the House Subcommittee on Energy and the Environment , calling for renewable energy projects , among other things .
“ Our attitude when we go to Congress is , ‘ Look , we ’re a business ! ' ” he adds .
“ We did n’t ask for this .
We just started looking at the data and the science dispassionately and said , ‘ Hey , we ’ve got a problem . ' ”
* * *
ANOTHER INDUSTRY that ca n’t pretend climate change is a myth is insurance .
Insurance firms have always carefully studied real - world data to figure out what , precisely , constitutes a risky activity .
As a result , they were among the first to notice that weather was getting more violent , and more unpredictably so .
“ It ’s just a logical consequence , ” says Peter Hoppe , head of the “ Geo Risks Research ” division of Munich Re , a multinational firm that specializes in reinsurance ( insuring insurance policies ) .
“ Global warming affects our core business .
We have seen changes already in some readings . ”
Worldwide , Munich
Re has found that “ great catastrophes ” — act - of - God weather events that cause more than a billion dollars of damage — have tripled since 1950 .
In 2008 , even though there were n’t any Katrina - level disasters , weather - related events were so severe that “ catastrophic losses ” to the world ’s economy were the third - highest in recorded history , topping $ 200 billion globally — including $ 45 billion in the United States .
Hoppe does n’t think global warming is all to blame ; some of these events are likely due to natural cycles like the 20 - to 30 - year North Atlantic Oscillation that is currently warming the Atlantic .
But Munich
Re ’s policy is that anthropogenic global warming is already making things worse and that governments ought to act quickly while they still can .
Granted , a warming globe is n’t all downside for insurance firms .
There are also profitable new business opportunities , as Hoppe points out .
Munich
Re is now offering coverage for renewable energy products , because wind farms and solar parks need insurance against the possibility that low wind and weak sunlight will reduce their output .
“ It ’s very important for investors to dampen and level out the volatility from season to season , ” Hoppe says .
Munich
Re has also developed a product covering solar cells that wear out before their expected 30 - year lifetime .
Buying insurance against bad weather is n’t entirely new .
Farmers have done it for years .
But back in the late ’90s , before Enron imploded , it created a huge new market of selling “ weather futures ” to electric utilities — hedges that would pay out if , say , a mild summer hurt their sales ( because people would use less air conditioning ) .
After Enron pancaked , weather futures stayed around — still mostly for utilities and farms — but buying them was n’t easy :
You had to personally contact one of the few weather - futures traders who ’d set up their own trading desks in the wake of Enron ’s dissolution .
But with climate - change models predicting increasingly erratic weather , a new generation of startups is heading into the field , figuring that almost any firm might want to hedge against the bad economic effects of weather — such as clothing manufacturers ( who could suffer massive losses in coat sales if an unexpectedly mild winter emerges ) , airlines ( since weather is the top cause of delays ) , and sporting - event promoters ( when it ’s rainy , everyone stays away ) .
* This sentence previously referred to the materials going “ north and west . ”
While that is true — as the crow flies — it was confusing to readers , as was a reference to the trip ’s final destination in Nigeria .
We ’ve simplified the sentence .
WeatherBill is one such startup .
Founded three and a half years ago by Google expatriates , it lets anyone use its website to quickly create weather insurance for almost anything .
Type in the thing you ’re trying to insure — say , an Iowa county fair in the third week of July — and the WeatherBill system calculates the probability of what local weather will be up to two years out , down to a 100 - mile - wide area .
It then uses that guess to instantly price a weather future or insurance contract .
CEO Dave Friedberg told me WeatherBill had already sold contracts to the likes of the PGA Tour , and he envisions worldwide opportunities : Global agriculture suffers billions in weather - related losses each year , for example , yet many countries do n’t have any institutions offering easy weather insurance .
That ’s especially true for countries likely to be the first to experience the dire consequences of climate change , such as coastal regions of Asia or Latin America .
“ If you think about Brazil , their two biggest industries are mining and agriculture , ” Friedberg says .
“ That ’s billions of dollars , and there ’s a massive market for developing crop insurance .
If we can figure out agriculture , and do it right , the opportunity is huge to go country by country . ”
Does he believe that global warming is already noticeable ?
“ Oh yeah , ” he says .
In just the three years that WeatherBill has been collecting data , extreme weather events have risen 8 percent .
One of the big political questions of climate change is how far we ’ve gone :
Have we passed a point of no return ?
Has the atmosphere already accumulated such high levels of greenhouse gases that even if we manage to cut back on emissions , we ’ll still wind up with a globe so much hotter that everyday life will change significantly ?
One emerging sector built on that assumption is the “ adaptation marketplace “ — firms offering new products and services to help companies and cities cope with changes .
A 2009 study by Oxfam identified seven potentially lucrative adaptation areas , such as water management and disaster preparation ; one firm in this field — Minneapolis - based Pentair , which makes pumps and filtration systems — saw its revenues soar to $ 3.35 billion in 2008 , partly due to contracts from the Army Corps of Engineers to provide massive pumps that will protect New Orleans against another Katrina .
Another firm , North Carolina ’s Weather - Predict , has developed a technique to retrofit roofs with aerodynamic edges , reducing the damage they sustain in hurricane winds .
Firms that produce genetically engineered crops are also predicting they ’ll reap profits from climate change : Monsanto , Bayer , BASF , and their sister firms have registered 55 worldwide patents for “ climate ready ” seeds designed to thrive in conditions of drought or other stress , according to a 2008 report by ETC Group , an environmental advocacy organization .
* * *
WILL ALL THIS climate - propelled economic activity be good for the planet ?
Sure , it can be satisfying to see some major CEOs agree that climate change is a real and present danger .
But many environmentalists predict that the flurry of new economic activity will create its own new problems .
The melting Arctic , in particular , gives many observers the willies .
It ’s likely to see an explosion in tourism and seabed oil - and - gas exploration .
( Cargo shipping , interestingly , is likely to increase at a slower rate , partly because cargo ships ferrying “ just in time ” products can’t abide the delays that even small ice floes would cause — and nobody thinks the Arctic will be entirely ice - free for 100 years or more . )
Arctic experts — and the Navy — predict a catastrophe the first time a tourist vessel or oil tanker hits an iceberg and cracks up .
Tourist vessels are n’t ice - hardened , and in the polar regions “ there ’s no search and rescue or salvage ” standing by , says Lawson Brigham , a University of Alaska professor who chaired the Arctic Marine Shipping Assessment , a four - year study of how commercial activity will progress in the warming north .
“ The water ’s near freezing .
All you need is one good Titanic . ”
Other prospects for climate - change commerce are n’t much prettier when you look at them closely .
In agriculture , the advent of climate - ready crops is clearly useful , maybe even crucial , for adaption .
But it also concentrates ever more power in the hands of a small coterie of firms that own the patents to drought - resistant seeds , and the cost could cause serious hardship in the desperately poor countries of Asia or Africa where the seeds might be most needed .
It ’s also true that the number of climate visionaries in industry is still quite small .
Certainly , companies with skin in the game are preparing for a warmer world .
But as the McKinsey report found , they ’re in the minority .
The grand majority are deeply myopic , focused narrowly on goosing profits in the next quarter — who cares what ’ll happen 10 years from now ?
( See “ Risk Mismanagement “ )
In a sense , that makes them a mildly agnostic force .
When climate change finally does impinge on their business , they ’ll probably take action to adapt to it .
But it also means that if they can see a short - term profit from fighting against climate science and sowing doubt , they ’ll do that , too .
This is precisely what ’s still happening in the energy industry , where many firms that pay lip service to the reality of climate change also quietly funnel millions to lobbyists who fight ferociously to prevent Congress from passing laws that curtail CO 2 emissions .
“ We all know big companies who are doing all this green stuff , and their lobbyists are trying to kill the carbon bill as quickly as they can , ” says Mindy Lubber , president of Boston - based Ceres , an association of environment - minded investors whose members have $ 10 trillion under management .
It may be that the corrective force comes not from inside corporations , but from investors .
Many large investors , including the California State Teachers ’ Retirement System — the nation ’s second largest public - pension fund — have begun demanding that firms examine and disclose any potential risks from global warming .
Shareholder resolutions demanding action on climate change have nearly doubled in the last two years , rising from about 55 in 2007 to 99 in 2009 , Lubber notes .
In February , the Securities and Exchange Commission issued guidelines requiring that publicly traded firms better disclose their climate - change risk , including potential “ physical ” risks .
“ Anyone that ’s building new manufacturing facilities without working out water shortages related to climate change is getting itself into trouble , ” Lubber adds .
“ Or anyone that ’s building on waterfront property . ”
Another common request from shareholder resolutions is for companies to calculate the cost of their carbon footprint .
Even if electric utilities and the US Chamber of Commerce are fighting against carbon - limiting legislation , investors seem to believe it is inevitable — indeed , they evidently think the government might cap carbon even in the next few years , which could dramatically increase the cost of electricity .
To make corporations true partners in tackling climate change , Lubber thinks investors need to push for basic changes in the way their companies function .
CEOs whose bonuses are based on bumping next - quarter results will make short - term decisions .
Those who are paid based on reducing carbon usage will make long - term ones — investing in technology and processes that reduce greenhouse gases .
“ If they ’re compensated for producing 86 percent more widgets , they ’ll do that .
But if they use less fuel , they ought to be compensated for meeting their carbon - reduction goals . ”
In the short run , though , there ’s probably only one force that will get today ’s blithe firms to snap to attention — and that ’s legislation .
If Congress actually puts a price on carbon , it ’ll hit the world of industry with tsunami force .
At a minimum , it would probably goose the price of electricity and make emissions - heavy industries instantly less profitable .
( Indeed , this is one of the things the SEC and many investor groups are urging firms to do : calculate how badly they ’ll be shellacked if new regulations make spewing carbon expensive . )
Not everyone will be a loser .
The McKinsey study calculated that alternative - energy firms will do quite well ( for obvious reasons ) , but so will less - predictable sectors , like the construction industry , as people rush to retrofit buildings with extra insulation and energy - saving rebuilds .
The farsighted firms — and the ones who work on the colder fringes of the world — can see the future clearly , because they ’re living it .
But with the stroke of a pen , President Barack Obama can bring it a lot closer .
Whether it ’s a melting Arctic or a bold new law , the biggest forces shaping industry are , as it were , man-made .
This piece was produced by the Climate Desk collaboration .
Nearly 200 scientists from 14 countries met last month at the famed Asilomar retreat center outside Monterey , California , in a deliberate bid to make history .
Their five - day meeting focused on setting up voluntary ground rules for research into cloud - brightening , giant algae blooms and other massive - scale interventions to cool the planet .
It 's unclear how significant the meeting will turn out to be , but the intent of its organizers was unmistakable :
By choosing Asilomar , they hoped to summon the spirit of a groundbreaking meeting of biologists that took place on the same site in 1975 .
Back then , scientists with bushy sideburns and split collars – the forefathers of the molecular revolution , it turned out – established principles for the safe and ethical study of deadly pathogens .
The planners of Asilomar II , as they called it , hoped to accomplish much the same for potentially dangerous experiments in geoengineering .
Instead of devising new medical treatments for people , the scientists involved in planet - hacking research are after novel ways to treat the Earth .
The analogy of global warming to a curable disease was central to the discussions at the meeting .
Climate scientist Steve Schneider of Stanford talked about administering " planetary methadone to get over our carbon addiction . "
Others debated what " doses " of geoengineering would be necessary .
Most crucially , the thinkers at Asilomar focused on the idea that medical ethics might provide a framework for balancing the risks and benefits of all this new research .
What would it mean to apply the established principles of biomedical research to the nascent field of geoenginering ?
The ethicists at Asilomar – particularly David Winickoff from Berkeley and David Morrow from the University of Chicago – began with three pillars laid out in the landmark 1979 Belmont Report .
The first , respect for persons , says that biomedical scientists should obtain " informed consent " from their test subjects .
The second , beneficence , requires that scientists assess the risks and benefits of a given test before they start .
The third , justice , invokes the rights of research subjects to whatever medical advances result from the testing .
( The people who are placed at risk should be the same ones who might benefit from a successful result . )
Then Winickoff and Morrow proposed applying the Belmont principles to the study of the most aggressive forms of geoengineering – the ones that would block out the sun like a volcanic eruption , with a spray of sulfur or other particles into the stratosphere .
Before we could embark on a radical intervention like that , we 'd need to run smaller - scale tests that might themselves pose a risk to the environment .
In much the way that a clinical drug trial might produce adverse reactions , so might a real - world trial of , say , the Pinatubo Option .
Instead of causing organ failure or death in its subjects , a botched course of geoengineering might damage the ozone layer or reduce rainfall .
The problem , admitted the ethicists , is how to go about applying the Belmont rules outside of medicine .
In clinical drug trials , researchers obtain consent from discrete individuals , and they can precisely define the worse - case outcome ( like death ) .
But a trial run of hazing up the stratosphere would n't affect specific , identifiable people in any one town , city or state .
The climate is interconnected in many ways , some still mysterious to scientists , and so the risks of even a small - scale test in a particular location might apply across the globe .
If everyone on Earth could be affected , how do you figure out whom to ask for informed consent ?
One possibility would be to require that all nations of the world agree ahead of time on any tests of consequence .
To many gathered at Asilomar , however , this seemed naive ; speakers repeatedly invoked the failure of all - inclusive talks to cut global carbon emissions , and it would presumably be much tougher to secure an agreement on work that might damage crop yields or open a hole in the ozone .
A more pragmatic approach would be to set up something like a U.N. Planet Hacking Security Council , comprising 15 or so powerful nations whose oversight of research tests would take into account the concerns of a broad swath of countries .
But that undemocratic approach would surely face howls of protest .
The principle of beneficence may be just as difficult to follow .
Under the Belmont guidelines , doctors must balance the particular risks of a clinical trial with the potential benefit to any individual who might participate .
Since it would be impossible to make such a calculation for every person on Earth , planet - hackers could at best choose the experiments that minimize harm to the most vulnerable communities – like people living on the coasts of Southeast Asia .
But we may not know enough about the risks of geoengineering to make any such credible calculation when the time comes .
Consider the Pinatubo Option , by which scientists would mimic the cooling effect of volcanoes .
Putting particles in the stratosphere could reduce the total amount of energy that strikes the earth .
Some climate modelers say this would disrupt rainfall by reducing moisture in the atmosphere obtained by evaporation .
Others say that geoengineering droughts and famines would be less harmful than those caused by unchecked warming .
Right now , no one can agree on the nature of the risks , let alone the degree to which they would apply to particular communities .
And what about justice ?
Among the disruptions that could result from testing the Pinatubo Option is a weakening of the Asian monsoon , a source of water for hundreds of millions of people in India .
Those in developing countries will " eat the risk " of geoengineering trials , shouted one of the climate scientists at Asilomar during his presentation .
If representatives from just a small set of countries were appointed as doctors to the planet , then the less powerful nations might end up as the world ’s guinea pigs .
Of course , the citizens of those nations also would seem to have the most to lose from uninterrupted global warming .
These two dangers would have to be measured one against the other – and compensation as part of the experimental program could be one way of making tests more fair .
If medical ethics are n't quite up to the task of guiding our forays into geoengineering , what other sort of principles should we keep in mind ?
One important danger to be aware of is the moral hazard that might come with successful trials : Protective circumstances or actions can encourage people to take undue risks .
For instance , government insurance of banks led to risky investments that caused the savings and loans crisis in the 1980's .
Moral hazard looms particularly large for geoengineering studies since medium - scale field tests could prematurely give us the sense that we have a low - cost technical fix for global warming , no emissions cuts needed .
( Moral hazard is n't quite as potent in medical research .
The availability of cholesterol - lowering drugs may well discourage people from maintaining healthy diets , but it 's unlikely that mere clinical trials would have the same effect . )
Another ethical principle that might apply to geoengineering is minimization – the idea that , a priori , it 's better to tinker at the smallest - possible scale to answer vital scientific questions .
This notion comes from the ethics of animal experimentation ; now we might apply it to planetary systems and the environment more broadly .
Up until now , the medical ethics frame for geoengineering has guided discussions of how geoengineering might affect people in various countries .
Perhaps we should be talking about how it affects the planet itself .
By that token , we might gain something by thinking of the Earth as a patient on its own terms .
The rules and regulations we come up with for tests of geoengineering should take into account the way those experiments might affect ecosystems and non-human animals , both under threat from warming .
And so maybe the most famous piece of medical ethics ought to apply : the Hippocratic oath .
" First , do no harm , " is the crux of the original , but an updated version exhorts doctors to avoid " the twin traps of overtreatment and therapeutic nihilism . "
The climate crisis may force us to act despite myriad ethical challenges , for our benefit and for the planet's .
This story was produced by Slate for the Climate Desk collaboration .
Image : zpeckler / flickr
See Also :
Eli Kintisch is a reporter at Science , and author of a new book on geoengineering , Hack the Planet .
Moves of the Expansion Era
By Sky Andrecheck
Last week I wrote a piece explaining a model of major league attendance through history .
The important drivers of fan attendance turned out to be the team 's winning percentage over the past three years , as well as its recent playoff experiences .
Being an expansion team or having a new ballpark helped as well .
Not surprisingly , even when accounting for these factors , there was still a fair amount of variation between teams - the Pirates and Yankees do n't draw the same even when all other factors are equal .
Looking at a team 's innate ability to draw fans apart from it 's success on the field was one of the impetuses for coming up with the model .
I was curious to look at how teams ' attendance fared compared to their predictions .
Teams which consistently outdraw their predictions based on WPCT , playoff appearances , etc are obviously very healthy clubs with strong fan bases .
Teams which consistently draw fewer than they should are teams which are struggling as a franchise .
I created an Franchise Strength Index based on the residuals of the model .
The index was defined as Actual Attendance / Predicted Attendance .
The index attempts to tease out the strength of the fan base while controlling for factors such as whether the current ballclub is good or bad .
Teams that drew more than expected are strong franchises and have an index greater than one , while weak teams have an index less than one .
The graphs below are of the 5 - year moving average of the Franchise Index .
Using this index , I 'll look back and rate the franchise relocations which took place during the expansion era .
Did moving the Dodgers from Brooklyn really make the team more prosperous ?
How about when the A's moved out of Philadelphia ?
Without further ado , here are MLB 's moves and how they 've fared .
1957 : Brooklyn Dodgers move to Los Angeles
In one of the most maligned franchise relocations of all - time , Walter O'Malley broke hearts all over Brooklyn when he demolished Ebbets Field and moved the Dodgers to the west coast .
To hear old Dodgers fans talk , one would think that Brooklyn sold out every game and that there was no reason for the move .
A look at the graph below shows that after a mediocre first 20 years as a franchise , the Dodgers did become one of the premier draws in the National League through WWII , despite being a fairly poor team for much of that time .
During this period , Brooklyn drew nearly 50 % more fans than a comparable team would have .
However , after the war , for whatever reason , attendance dropped .
The team was very good , but attendance was not as high as one would expect .
During the 1950's Brooklyn drew only about 90 % of their expected attendance .
Hence , the move west .
The move was a smashing success as the Dodgers - according to the Franchise Index - currently enjoy the best fan base of any team , including the Yankees .
During their time in LA , they 've drawn over 70 % better than a comparable team in another city would draw .
Today , that figure has dropped to 50 % , but it 's still the best in the baseball .
Had O'Malley decided to stay in Brooklyn , the closest comparable team would be the New York Mets .
The Mets clearly draw better than average and they currently draw about 40 % better than the average team - one of the best in baseball .
It 's clear the Dodgers likely could have continued to have success in New York , but as the graph shows , the LA market is an even better place to be .
Verdict : Great Success
1957 New York Giants to San Francisco
Of course , the Dodgers move was accompanied by the Giants , who moved to San Francisco that same year .
The Giants were a consistently popular team through WWII , drawing 20 - 40 % better than the average club .
However , like the Dodgers , their attendance strangely dropped after World War II .
During the 1950's the Giants were a good ballclub , but their attendance did n't seem to get the boost you would expect ( does anyone have any ideas on why New York baseball experienced a drop in popularity during this era ? ) .
For the first time in their history , the Giants became a below average gate draw relative to their performance .
It was enough to make them move to westward .
Did the Giants move have the same success as their fellow New York team ?
Not nearly .
Until the past few years , the Giants have consistently underperformed at the gate .
Throughout most of its history , the San Francisco Giants have drawn more poorly than even the darkest days in the New York era .
Pac
Bell seems to have helped remedy that ( and I 'm sure the end of Candlestick Park played no small role in that as well ) and the Giants are now a strong market .
Still , compared to what might have been had they stayed in New York , the Giants did not do well for themselves .
Compared to New York 's new National League team , the Giants have clearly performed much worse .
Verdict : Major Mistake
1953 : Boston Braves move to Milwaukee
In 1953 , the Boston Braves , long one of baseball 's sorriest teams , moved west to Milwaukee .
Except for a brief period in which they managed to draw decently despite being terrible in the 1930's , the Braves consistently underperformed at the box office , with an Franchise Index of just .80 .
Being bad so long , does n't do wonders for morale , however things did n't change after winning the NL pennant in 1948 .
By 1952 , they were drawing just 70 % of expected attendance .
Fans in Milwaukee were thrilled to get a new team , and the Milwaukee Braves were wildly popular , drawing 40 % more fans in their first years than expected .
However , this quickly wore off , and despite going to back - to - back World Series in 1957 and 1958 , they began underperforming .
Still , the situation was never dire .
The year before they left , their attendance index was .90 , worse than average , but still respectable .
When the team announced they would be leaving for Atlanta the following season , fans boycotted the team and their attendance predictably plummeted .
The Braves popularity in Milwaukee had surely declined as time went on , but they were still a respectable franchise .
In all , the Braves time in Milwaukee was far more successful than it had been in Boston , making the move a good one .
Verdict : Success
1966 : Milwaukee Braves move to Atlanta
Much to the ire of Bud Selig , in 1966 , the Braves moved to Atlanta .
Since the Braves were still doing well in Milwaukee , it was a risky move .
Did it pay off ?
The graph above shows mixed results .
The Braves , by and large , have been less successful than they were in Milwaukee .
They 've fluctuated largely between drawing about average , which they did at their high points in the early 1980's and early 1990's , to drawing about 80 % of expected .
Despite dominating the National League for over a decade , Braves fans did n't turn out in droves like you would expect .
We can see what might have been by looking at the success of the Milwaukee Brewers .
In all , the Brewers and Braves have had about the same franchise strength over the past 40 years , each having a Franchise Index either fluctuating between 1.0 and 0.8 during course of their histories .
Overall , the move was probably a wash , with Milwaukee debatably being a slightly better market .
Verdict : Wash
1961 Washington Senators Move to Minnesota
The Washington Senators were never one of baseball 's premier clubs .
A look at the graph below shows that they always were one of baseball 's lower drawing clubs , consistently drawing only about 80 - 90 % of what other teams would have done .
After World War II , the situation got worse , and attendance dropped to just 70 - 80 % of the expected gate .
So , in 1961 , the team 's owners decided to pack up and leave for greener pastures , heading to Minnesota and renaming the franchise the Twins .
The move started as a great success .
The Twins drew better than most new teams , and it looked as though the move to Minnesota might pay big dividends , especially when the team went to the World Series in 1965 .
It was n't long however , before the city became bored of the team and attendance once again dropped to just 70 % of the expected gate .
Recently , the Franchise Index has increased to .80 or .90 , but Minnesota is still a struggling market .
The overall effect of the move was negligible .
Aside from the first few big years , the team drew about the same as it had in Washington .
The new Washington team has drawn better in its first five years than the Twins franchise , leading one to wonder if they should n't have just stayed there all along .
Overall , the move was pretty much a wash .
Verdict : Wash
1973 Washington Senators Move to Texas
In one of the stranger moves of all - time , baseball allowed the Senators to move to Minnesota , but then thought enough of the Washington market to allow them an expansion team .
As it turned out , the new Senators drew about as well as the old Senators .
Who knew ?
Still , drawing just 80 % of expected attendance is probably not what the new owners had in mind .
So , the team packed up for Texas , to become the Rangers .
As you can see from the graph above , the Rangers became quite a strong market team , despite not winning a lot of games .
After a slow start , they 've consistently drawn more fans than expected .
Currently , they 're certainly in a better position than the Washington Nationals , and are clearly in much better shape than when they left Washington in 1973 .
Verdict : Success
1955 : Philadelphia A's to Kansas City
The Philadelphia
A's were one of baseball 's more successful teams .
The franchise had its ups and downs ( interestingly , the team drew worse than expected when they were winning , but better than expected when they were losing ) , but overall tended to draw better than the average team .
They certainly drew better than their cross - town rival Phillies .
However , after WWII , their attendance began to plummet .
By the mid-1950 's they were drawing just 60 % of their expected attendance .
With Connie Mack running the franchise into the ground , the team was moved to Kansas City .
When the team moved to KC , they were more successful than most new teams .
Even after the newness wore off , Kansas City remained at least an average market for a major league club - a vast improvement over their abysmal gates in Philadelphia .
The move certainly had to be deemed a success , though proper management in Philly probably should n't have made the move necessary at all .
Verdict : Success
1968 : Kansas City A's to Oakland
Apparently , being an average market team was n't enough .
Once in Kansas City , the Charlie O. Finley started looking around for a new home which would earn them even more revenue .
Perhaps he had not seen that the San Francisco Giants were struggling at a below average clip themselves .
It would n't take a genius to see that adding another team to that market would n't be the smartest of all ideas .
But nevertheless , the White Elephants moved westward once again .
Oakland did indeed prove to be a tough market .
Throughout much of their time there , they have hovered at around 80 % of a typical team 's gate .
They stand today as the team with the 2nd worst fan base ( behind the Florida Marlins ) .
Meanwhile , the Royals are about at the middle of the pack .
KC has n't put a good product on the field for quite some time , but once we account for that , the fans come out at an average rate .
Overall , the A's would have been much better off staying in Kansas City , and perhaps even sticking it out in Philadelphia rather than moving to the already saturated San Francisco market .
Verdict : Major Mistake
1954 : St. Louis Browns to Baltimore
The St. Louis Browns hold the distinction of being the saddest team of all time , but this was n't always the case .
St. Louis was actually a " Browns Town " for the first 20 years of the 20th century and they were a more popular than average team .
However , after the Cardinals success in the 1920's the Browns popularity faded tremendously .
By the 1930's they were drawing just 40 % of their expected attendance .
It 's surprising that the team stayed as long as it did .
An NL Pennant in 1944 was nice for long suffering fans , but there were too few of them to make a difference .
By 1954 , it was time to move east to Baltimore .
The Orioles started off slowly , and for a while it looked as though the Orioles might become just as unpopular as the Browns .
Despite having a good ballclub , during the 1970's they drew just 70 % of what most teams would have drawn .
However , the championship 1983 team with Cal Ripken put them back on a popular path .
Since then they 've become one of baseball 's strongest and most popular teams , drawing 40 % more than one would expect .
However , Peter Angelos may have had a legitimate point when protesting the Washington Nationals move from Montreal .
Since the Nats came to town , the Orioles ' Franchise Index has dropped to 1.2 .
This still makes them one of the most popular teams in baseball , but they 're now at the lowest point since the early 1980's .
Verdict : Major Success
2005 : Montreal Expos to Washington
When the Expos started in Montreal , they were one of baseball 's hottest teams .
Drawing better than most expansion teams , they slowly declined under poor ownership .
They were still a stronger than average team through the mid-1980 's but went downhill fast from there .
Their attendance slowly declined from there until hitting the low point at just 50 % of expected attendance in their final years in the league .
With an attendance index of just 50 % , they were the second least successful team in the history of baseball , falling behind only the St. Louis Browns .
Obviously something had to be done , and playing in Puerto Rico was not a long - term solution .
The move brought baseball back to Washington .
While the Nationals attendance has been worse than average thus far , the franchise is far healthier than it was in Montreal .
This move was a success - not because Washington has been so wonderful , but simply because the team needed to get out of Montreal .
Verdict : Success
Who 's next ?
Which team might be next ?
The average Franchise Index of a relocated team was .78 at the time of departure .
Do any of today 's teams meet this threshold ?
The Florida Marlins currently have the lowest Franchise Index at .67 , meaning they draw just 67 % of what a team in a comparable position might draw .
They 've been below 70 % for the past 7 years , indicating major trouble in Florida .
They are not yet in St. Louis Browns or Montreal Expos territory , but they do have similarities to the Boston Braves or Philadelphia A's .
To be fair there have been other teams in nearly as much trouble that have survived .
The Giants and Orioles in the 1970's , the Pirates in the 1990's , and the White Sox in the early 2000's are a few such examples .
The Giants and Orioles are now quite popular and the White Sox are averagely so .
So there is hope .
When Florida gets its new stadium , it will be interesting to see if they get the expected attendance boost or whether they continue to fade into obscurity .
The next most troublesome teams are the Oakland A's and Tampa Bay Rays , which each are currently drawing 78 % of expected attendance .
While this is probably out of the danger zone , it 's not great news for these teams either .
Rounding out the bottom 5 are the Cincinnati Reds and the Pittsburgh Pirates , though they are drawing 86 % and 88 % of attendance , which is certainly respectable .
StayHomecoming 2020 : An online celebration of Big Red pride with your Cornell family October 9–10
Sorry your car is n't ready but we 've been just too busy .
Republican Charles Djou took advantage of an intra-party fight among Democrats to snatch a House seat that Democrats had held for 20 years in Hawaii .
Djou , a Honolulu city councilman , won 67,274 votes or 39.5 percent of those cast .
The special election was for the state 's 1st congressional district , which opened up after 10 - term Democratic lawmaker Rep.
Neil Abercrombie stepped down earlier this year to concentrate full - time on his bid for Hawaii governor .
The seat includes Honolulu and some surrounding suburbs .
President Obama , who spent parts of his childhood in the district , won 70 percent of the vote in the 2008 presidential election .
But there were two Democratic candidates on the ballot in this election and recent polls indicate they were splitting the vote .
The results , posted on the state 's Office of Elections website late Saturday , proved likewise :
State Senate President Colleen Hanabusa , considered the more liberal candidate , received 52,445 votes or 30.8 percent .
She had been in third place in recent polls , but she refused to step aside .
Former Rep. Ed Case , considered the more moderate candidate , garnered 47,012 votes or 27.6 percent .
The special election was a winner - take - all contest , with only a plurality needed for victory .
National Democratic Party organizations favored Case but did not formally endorse either of their party 's candidates .
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ran ads that criticized Djou .
But earlier this month , after it was clear neither candidate would drop out , the DCCC stopped spending any more money or time on the race .
Djou will have to defend the seat come November , and national Democrats are saving their firepower for that contest , when only one Democrat will be on the ballot .
" We 're looking at November in Hawaii , " Rep. Chris Van Hollen , the DCCC chairman , told reporters Thursday .
" I think you all know the situation , and it's important that people do understand the unique circumstances of a special election in Hawaii - you do n't have a primary .
You have , in this case , three candidates - two Democrats and one Republican .
I can confidently predict that the Democrats together will get a majority of the vote .
Just like the Democratic candidate in November will get a majority of the vote . "
But a win for Djou in the special election was seen as a symbolic victory for the GOP .
" The fact that we have an opportunity to win in President Obama 's childhood district where he received 70 percent of the vote in ' 08 , speaks to the quality of Charles Djou 's candidacy and the level of Republican voter intensity across the country , " Ken Spain , NRCC communications director , said last week .
Obama pushes for bank reform as Goldman CEO watches from the stands
As President Barack Obama lays out his case for financial reform this week , a former chief economist of the IMF is comparing the work of an anti-financial reform pressure group to the political tactics of Soviet Russia .
“ This is the kind of thing which you saw in Russia , in the Soviet Union .
Very , very clever , ” Simon Johnson told MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow Wednesday night .
ADVERTISEMENT
Johnson was explaining how he was fooled into supporting a “ grassroots ” group calling itself Stop Too Big To Fail — an organization he now says is an anti-reform front masquerading as a progressive pro-bank reform group .
A report by Justin Elliott at TalkingPointsMemo asserts that Stop Too Big To Fail is a corporate - funded effort to block the financial reform bill that would limit Wall Street banks ’ ability to trade in derivatives , and would set up a consumer protection agency to oversee banks ’ interactions with customers .
Elliott reports :
[ E]very indication is that Stop Too Big To Fail is an astroturf operation funded by corporate interests to give the appearance of grassroots opposition to reform .
The group ’s leader has a long history running a rent - a- front operation : offering up his services to large corporations who are willing to pay top dollar for a “ consumers group ” that will engage in stealth advocacy on behalf of industry .
The group refuses to divulge its funding sources .
“ These guys made the KGB look like amateurs , and I used to work in Russia quite a lot , ” Johnson told Elliott .
The TPM article links Stop Too Big To Fail to the DCI Group , a “ public affairs firm that specializes in astroturf efforts and has worked for everyone from the Burmese junta to the tobacco industry . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This group calling itself Stop Too Big to Fail is wrapping itself in some of the same appearances ” as pro-reform groups , Johnson said .
“ Of course , when you actually see [ their ] TV ad , there ’s no mistaking .
This is an anti-reform ad .
It is a ‘ kill the bill ’ ad .
And we now understand this very clearly and we will go after them most strenuously , I can assure you . ”
OBAMA PUSHES FOR BANK REFORM AS GOLDMAN CEO WATCHES FROM STANDS
With the battle to pass comprehensive bank reform well underway , President Barack Obama said Thursday that his financial reforms would bring an end to taxpayer bailouts as he made a defining pitch for America to overhaul Wall Street regulations .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ A vote for reform is a vote to put a stop to taxpayer - funded bailouts , ” Obama said in a New York speech with tough messages for financial barons , American voters and Republicans who oppose his plans .
The president said the bill currently under consideration in the Senate would protect the US financial system , the broader economy and American taxpayers should a large financial firm fail in the future .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I am here because I believe that these reforms are , in the end , not only in the best interest of our country , but in the best interest of our financial sector , ” Obama said .
“ I ’ve insisted that the financial industry — and not taxpayers — shoulder the costs in the event that a large financial company should falter , ” he said .
“ The goal is to make certain that taxpayers are never again on the hook because a firm is deemed ‘ too big to fail . ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Congressional Budget Office released a report Thursday estimating that the current financial reform proposal being debated in Congress would cut the budget deficit by $ 21 billion over 10 years .
Politico reports that Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein was in the audience at Obama ’s speech in New York .
The company whose name has become synonymous with excessive risk - taking on Wall Street was recently accused of fraud by the SEC .
Some observers say the charges will help the financial reform effort , though some opponents have questioned the timing of the SEC ’s announcement .
Blankfein reportedly even hobnobbed with Jann Wenner , the publisher of Rolling Stone , the magazine where reporter Matt Taibbi created an instant meme last year when he described Goldman Sachs as a “ great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity . ”
Politico reports :
Wenner and Blankfein had never met before .
But Wenner told POLITICO that the encounter , which occurred as both men were waiting for President Barack Obama to begin his remarks on Wall Street reform at New York ’s Cooper Union Thursday , was cordial .
The publisher said Blankfein approached him before the speech began and said , “ I feel like I know you , ” mentioning the vampire squid article .
ADVERTISEMENT
— With AFP
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast April 21 , 2010 .
Un si grand soleil - Les épisodes de la semaine
Un si grand soleil S3 E21 - Épisode du mardi 29 septembre 2020 diffusé le 29/09 22 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E20 - Épisode du lundi 28 septembre 2020 diffusé le 28/09 23 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E19 - Épisode du vendredi 25 septembre 2020 diffusé le 25/09 23 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E18 - Épisode du mercredi 23 septembre 2020 diffusé le 23/09 21 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E17 - Épisode du mardi 22 septembre 2020 diffusé le 22/09 21 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E16 - Épisode du lundi 21 septembre 2020 diffusé le 21/09 22 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E15 - Épisode du vendredi 18 septembre 2020 diffusé le 18/09 23 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E14 - Épisode du jeudi 17 septembre 2020 diffusé le 17/09 22 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E13 - Épisode du mercredi 16 septembre 2020 diffusé le 16/09 23 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E12 - Épisode du mardi 15 septembre 2020 diffusé le 15/09 22 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E11 - Épisode du lundi 14 septembre 2020 diffusé le 14/09 23 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E10 - Épisode du vendredi 11 septembre 2020 diffusé le 11/09 22 min
Un si grand soleil S3 E9 - Épisode du jeudi 10 septembre 2020 diffusé le 10/09 23 min
Cisco today said that after the close of markets on Tuesday , the company will announce a significant news ( we 're guessing a major acquisition ) which will " forever change the Internet and its impact on consumers , businesses and governments . "
We first learned of the news from MarketWatch .
Cisco has been rumored to be about to purchase almost every interesting company in the technology field over the last decade .
The company 's closest kept secret has been the degree of real interest it has in EMC .
While such an acquisition would be huge in the financial markets , it is unclear why it would forever change the Internet .
Also , the rumor mill around that partnership has more or less died .
One may feel tempted to think that Cisco wants to get in the bandwidth game , chasing after Google 's recent announcement : a trial of open - access , fiber - to - the - home Internet service at speeds of 1 G bps in select locations .
But Cisco claims that they have no interest in being a service provider .
David McCulloch , Spokesperson at Cisco , told MarketWatch , " our strategy remains to partner very closely with service providers to enable advanced new telecommunications services versus building out public networks ourselves . "
We wonder if they protest too much , especially since the company just said it was also bailing on WiMAX .
My bet is that it 's someone in streaming video , or possibly someone in wireless .
A streaming video play would make more sense for a company like Cisco .
Either they 've built something , or they 've bought someone .
I know , I know !
They are buying Chatroulette !
I kid .
So we invite you , for the honor of having great bragging rights , to lay down your bets on just who is going to get a big check from Cisco tomorrow ( or more likely , after the deal clears ) .
Or , if you do n't think an acquisition is in the works , what magical announcement might they make ?
Update :
It looks like the Internet wo n't be changing all that much after all .
Actor Tim Allen was arrested in October 1978 while attempting to sell a large amount of cocaine to a Michigan undercover officer .
Allen , 25 at the time , served about two years in federal prison following the bust .
the GALLERIE
ABOMINATE HI THERE im afraid that for the forseeable future the gallery will not be updated so please do not send me any pictures or captions .
Sorry but i dont really have the time anymore .
NEW - GA FEEDBACK check out some of the responses and feednack I 've had from the abominate - updated JULY 2001 >>
GA BULLETIN AUGUST 2001 WELCOME BACK ... its been a while , but here is the new Summner GA update .
There are some real treats in store to say the least ... enjoy and keep 'em coming !
Also , back by very popular demand is the Clockwork Dog movie .
Go see the page for the story .
For Summer 2001 , a total of 16 new winners .
4 Faces / Heads , just 2 Character / Object , 5 Scenes but best of all 5 all new Movies and they are all total gems .
Also plenty of new captions .
This year I 've had a lot of stuff sent in as the GA really does seem to be pretty famous on the web now and is linked from all over the shop .
The judging was therefore pretty tough but trust me , I have here the best of what came in .
Also , I get sent a lot of entries that are attempts to try and frame or shame peoples enemies ..... the 3d is n't all that bad and its just a scam to try and get someone onto the GA .
Trust me , these schemes wo n't get in .
Hold you mouse over the sneak peek thumbs to get the titles .
Have fun , spread the word and see you for a new update in late 2001 ! >>
LOST MOVIES - can you help ?
You may remember that my old service provider decided to remove my site one day earlier in the year ( hence the URL change ) .
Well sadly I lost the only copies of the following movies : New York Ghost on wall
Stupid Twat ( the football player )
If you have either of these movies or know someone who has them on a hard drive then please send them in to me asap .
Thanx .
FACES and HEADS
yes , that all important but tricky head modelling session - I bet many of us can identify with these images ( myself included ) .
Modelling a photoreal head is an artform in itself but heads for simple characters can also be a pain in neck .
The proud owners of this little bunch however , have gone quite drastically off the beaten track .
After its recent acquisition of Sun , enterprise software vendor Oracle began making some significant changes to Solaris licensing policies .
Solaris 10 , the latest stable version of Sun's UNIX operating system , was previously available for free without official support .
Oracle changed the license last month , however , limiting it to a 90 - day trial .
The new license is relatively clear , but left a number of questions unanswered .
An Ars reader put some of those questions to his Sun account manager and got clarification about exactly what the new license terms will mean for Solaris users .
According to the response that he received , Oracle intends to stop selling standalone Solaris subscriptions .
Software support will only be available with hardware contracts .
As our reader Eric explains in his blog , " There is no possible way to legally run Solaris on non-Sun servers .
Period .
End of story . "
He also got some clarification about the terms of the 90 - day trial and the situations in which it is applicable .
He was told that the software will remain free for personal noncommercial uses , but that the free download license is limited to a 90 - day trial for commercial production use .
" The license and accompanying entitlement from the web , without a contract and without hardware , only entitle the downloader to no-commercial , nonproduction , or personal use in perpetuity .
Production use and evaluation for production are good for 90 days , " he was told .
As we explained in our previous coverage , this license covers the latest stable , official Solaris release and does n't have any impact on OpenSolaris , the open source distribution of the operating system .
Oracle has indicated , however , that OpenSolaris might not be getting all of the new Solaris features that are developed in the future .
The overdue OpenSolaris 2010.03 release has n't materialized yet ; the delay is likely attributable to the understandable disruption caused by the acquisition .
A new study demonstrates that eating protein - rich eggs for breakfast reduces hunger and decreases calorie consumption at lunch and throughout the day .
The study , published in the February issue of Nutrition Research , found that men who consumed an egg - based breakfast ate significantly fewer calories when offered an unlimited lunch buffet compared to when they ate a carbohydrate - rich bagel breakfast of equal calories .
(1) This study supports previous research which revealed that eating eggs for breakfast as part of a reduced - calorie diet helped overweight dieters lose 65 percent more weight and feel more energetic than dieters who ate a bagel breakfast of equal calories and volume .
( 2 )
" There is a growing body of evidence that supports the importance of high - quality protein in the diet for overall health and in particular the importance of protein at the breakfast meal , " said Maria Luz Fernandez , Ph.D. , study author and professor in the department of nutritional sciences at the University of Connecticut .
" We examined two typical American breakfasts , and the participants ' self - reported appetite ratings reveal that a protein - rich breakfast helps keep hunger at bay . "
A Closer Look at the Study
Twenty - one men participated in this study and each ate two different test breakfasts .
On one test day the participants ate an egg - based , protein - rich breakfast including three scrambled eggs and one - and - a - half pieces of white toast .
On another test day they ate a bagel - based , carbohydrate - rich breakfast including one plain bagel , one half tablespoon of low - fat cream cheese and six ounces of low - fat yogurt .
The two breakfasts contained identical calories , but when the men ate the egg - based breakfast the researchers observed that :
the men ate roughly 112 fewer calories at a buffet lunch three hours following the egg breakfast compared to the bagel breakfast
they consumed approximately 400 fewer calories in the 24 - hour period following the egg breakfast
blood tests showed that ghrelin , the hormone that stimulates hunger when elevated , was significantly higher after the bagel breakfast
" Starting the day with a high - quality protein breakfast like eggs is a great tool to promote long - lasting fullness and reduced calorie consumption , " said Helenbeth Reynolds , M.P.H. , R.D. , registered dietitian and nutrition consultant .
" For only 70 calories , eggs are a compact , nutrient - rich source of high - quality protein , and nearly half of an egg 's protein , along with many other nutrients , is found in the yolk , so I always encourage eating the whole egg . "
Quick and Easy Egg Breakfasts
Reynolds suggests these tips to make a protein - rich breakfast incredibly quick and easy :
For a speedy and satisfying balanced meal , beat an egg in a small bowl or coffee mug , place on high heat in the microwave for 60 seconds and add it to a toasted whole - grain English muffin .
Top with low - fat cheese and a slice of tomato .
Keep hard - cooked eggs ready and waiting in your refrigerator to grab as part of breakfast on the run .
Bake a batch of egg and vegetable Muffin Frittatas ahead of time , and quickly re-warm in the microwave for a delicious and filling , protein - packed breakfast .
Explore further New study reveals higher protein breakfast may help dieters stay on track
More information : 1 ) Ratliff , J. , Leite , J.O. , de Ogburn , R. , Puglisi , M.J. , VanHeest , J. , Fernandez , M.L. ( 2010 ) Consuming eggs for breakfast influences plasma glucose and ghrelin , while reducing energy intake during the next 24 hours in adult men .
Nutrition Research , 30 , 96-103 .
2 ) Vander Wal , J.S. , Gupta , A. , Khosla , P. , Dhurandhar . ( 2008 ) .
Egg breakfast enhances weight loss .
International Journal of Obesity , 32 , 1545 - 1551 .
Provided by Egg Nutrition Center
University of St. Francis ( Ill. ) golfer Grant Whybark has become a national name in light of his decision to intentionally lose a playoff for his conference tournament 's individual title and allow an opponent to advance to the national finals .
Whybark , who had already qualified for the NAIA national championship by virtue of his team 's victory in the Chicagoland Collegiate Athletic Conference tournament on April 27 , made a double - bogey on the first playoff hole to allow Seth Doran of Olivet Nazarene ( Ill . )
University to qualify as an individual .
The national title tournament is May 18 - 21 at TPC at Deere Park in Silvis , Ill. , site of the PGA Tour 's John Deere Classic .
" I 've known Seth for the past couple of years , " Whybark said Thursday on " The Waddle & Silvy Show " on ESPN 1000 .
" He 's earned my respect on the golf course and off of it .
" I talked with my team about it .
The whole goal of the conference tournament is to advance to nationals .
As soon as I had done that , not a whole lot else made a difference to me .
And the kid has earned his spot , as everyone else did in the tournament .
That 's my position on it . "
Whybark emphasized that no other golfer missed a chance to advance to the national tournament because of his action .
" It came down to whoever won the playoff hole , " Whybark said .
" If I won , Seth did n't get to go .
If he won , he got to go .
That 's where we were at .
" It was Seth or nobody . "
Whybark , who was told that the overall individual winner earned a spot in nationals before the playoff with Doran began , hit his tee shot out of bounds on the first playoff hole at Heritage Bluffs Public Golf Club .
Doran made par to advance .
" Originally , I thought he was in as well as me , " Whybark said .
" I thought it was the low medalist outside of the winning team .
I made the comment to him on the tee , ' We 're both in , right ? '
That 's the first thing I said to him on the tee .
And he said , ' I do n't know . '
And his coach said that , too .
" And we waited for my coach to come down and tell us whether we 're both in , or not .
And I said , ' That 's kind of stupid to even be out here if we 're both not in . '
And he kind of looked at me and shook his head . "
St. Francis advanced as a team to nationals for the second straight year , and Whybark said he and his team believed Doran also deserved to go .
" Seth was elated , I 'm sure , to get into the tournament , " Whybark said .
" Like I said , I feel -- and I feel my team knows it as well as I do -- that he earned the spot fairly .
" He beat me on the hole . "
When reminded that Doran won only because Whybark hit his ball out of bounds , Whybark said : " That 's not to say he would n't have beat me anyway . "
The decision prompted plenty of debate on the " Mike & Mike in the Morning " program on ESPN Radio , as well as on a variety of Internet sites .
Some believe Whybark 's decision was an act of sportsmanship ; others believe getting into the national championship tournament because an opponent deliberately lost a match was the wrong way to advance .
In a case that illustrates just how few drivers stand up for their rights in court , a woman in Milwaukie , Oregon successfully got her traffic fine erased after figuring out that the speed limit was posted incorrectly .
The road was marked with a 25 MPH sign for the last 30 years even though the speed limit is and had been 35 MPH .
Why did n’t they fix the sign earlier or post it at the correct speed limit to start with ?
Because then they would n’t be able to write as many speeding tickets using their automatic ticketing machine — a speed camera placed on that same underposted road .
Here ’s an excerpt from the story on OregonLive.com :
On a spring evening last year , Lalita Miles turned east onto King Road after shopping at Safeway and pointed her 2001 Volkswagen Beetle toward home .
Shortly after , the city of Milwaukie snapped her picture .
In that instant , Miles ’ perfect driving record vanished .
Most people would probably consider that a good run , pay the fine and move on .
Not Miles .
She contended that for nearly 30 years Milwaukie has illegally ticketed people on that short stretch of King Road — and a Clackamas County judge agreed .
The state - designated speed limit for the road is 35 mph , but the city ’s signs in the stretch that got Miles her ticket said 25 mph .
The signs have since been corrected .
“ The whole reason why I ’m doing this is to help thousands of people who were nailed for the same thing , ” Miles said .
Miles was successful in fighting her ticket , but the judge was unwilling to drop the issue completely .
Instead Miles was charged with going 2 MPH faster than the speed limit but not issued a fine :
Miles said she could n’t believe she was going much faster than 35 mph , and she was right .
The citation said she was doing 37 .
But what really caught her eye was the posted speed listed on the ticket — 25 mph .
Miles had never noticed that the stretch of King Road between 44th and 53rd avenues was posted as 25 mph .
At her first court date , she became suspicious when others were there for speeding tickets in the same area .
She went home , did some research and discovered the city had posted the wrong speed limit signs in that section since 1980 .
The city eventually found Miles guilty of speeding but issued no fine .
Miles , however , was n’t satisfied and appealed the ruling to Clackamas County Circuit Court .
Larry J. Blake Jr. , the city ’s prosecutor , argued in filings that the Oregon Speed Control Board ’s designated speed of 35 mph was not enforceable because the city had not changed the signs .
He also told Judge Kathie Steele that tickets were issued only for people going faster than 36 mph .
Steele did n’t buy Blake ’s argument .
“ Surely , 29 years is sufficient for the city to erect the correct signs , ” Steele wrote in her decision last month .
Although Steele agreed with Miles that the signage was incorrect , she also found Miles guilty of exceeding the correct speed limit by 2 mph .
Steele followed the city ’s lead , though , and did n’t impose a fine .
This case shows the power of drivers fighting their traffic tickets but it ’s sad that it took nearly three decades before anyone in Milwaukie stood up for themselves in court .
Two years after the release of LP3 , New York City electro duo Ratatat will return this summer with its fourth full - length , aptly titled LP4 , via XL Recordings .
Contrary to reports that surfaced this morning , an official announcement has not yet been made .
However , rumors suggest the album will see light on June 8th , features 12 songs ( see rumored tracklist below ) , and sports the artwork seen to your right .
The band ’s publicist confirms the album will be released soon , however , notes that an exact date yet to be finalized .
Either way a new Ratatat album is coming , so it ’s time to get prepared !
First , what to expect : Speaking last fall with Paste , Ratatat ’s Mike Stroud explained LP4‘s 12 tracks were recorded during the same sessions that ultimately resulted in 2008 ’s LP3 .
However , according to Stroud , there will be a noticeable difference between the two albums ’ sound .
“ … There ’s definitely a progression , ” he explained .
“ We felt like the rest of them [ for LP4 ] were better than LP3 .
So like , LP3 would be like a teaser to LP4 , we thought at the time .
Stroud went on to explain that Ratatat ’s LP4 will embrace ever more “ weird , new sounds ” as well as feature Japanese strings ; the band has even considered touring with a string quartet .
For an early preview , try revisiting “ Mahalo ” , a track credited to LP4 , which appeared as a b- side to Ratatat ’s single “ Shiller ” .
LP4 ( Rumored ) Tracklist :
1. Bilar
2. Drugs
3. Neckbrace
4. We Can’t Be Stopped
5. Bob Gandhi
6. Mandy
7. Mahalo
8. Party With Children
9. Sunblocks
10 . Bare Feast
11 . Grape Juice City
12 . Alps
Auf einer Konferenz in Brüssel wollen heute Delegierte aus 23 Ländern offiziell eine Dachorganisation gründen
Änderungen , welche die Kernthemen der Piratenbewegung betreffen , werden nicht erst seit ACTA und INDECT auf internationaler Ebene durch - und auf nationaler Ebene nur mehr umgesetzt .
Unter anderem aus diesem Grund wollen Delegierte aus 23 der mittlerweile insgesamt 44 Länder mit Piratenparteien offiziell die Pirate Parties International ( PPI ) gründen , eine Dachorganisation , die solche Vorhaben bereits in ihrer Entstehungsphase erkennen und beeinflussen soll .
Auf einer Konferenz in Brüssel , die seit Freitag läuft , soll unter anderem eine gemeinsame Prinzipienerklärung ausgearbeitet und ein Vorstand gewählt werden .
Um die Posten bewerben sich Kandidaten aus Deutschland , Österreich , Frankreich , Luxemburg , Tschechien , Bulgarien , Serbien , Chile , den Niederlanden und den USA .
Unter den sonstigen Teilnehmern befinden sich neben Rick Falkvinge , dem Miterfinder der Piratenbewegung , auch der schwedische Abgeordnete Christian Engström und die durch das Inkrafttreten des Lissabonvertrages als zweite Piratenvertreterin nachgerückte Amelia Andersdotter .
In informellerer Form gibt es die PPI bereits : Schon 2006 beauftragten Piraten eine Arbeitsgruppe , das " Coreteam " , mit der internationalen Koordination ihrer Aktivitäten .
Derzeit gehört ihm neben dem Luxemburger Jerry Weyer , dem Niederländer Samir Allioui , dem Schweden Nicolas Sahlqvist , dem Briten Will Tovey , dem Serben Aleksandar Blagojevic und dem Spanier Xavier Vila Espinosa auch der Deutsche Steffen Ortmann an .
Durch den formellen Gründungsakt , so der Arbeitsgruppen - Vizepräsident Jerry Weyer aus Luxemburg , werde nun die demokratische Legimität der PPI gesteigert , was wiederum die Handlungsfähigkeit erhöhen soll .
ThinkProgress has a leaked copy of a telcoms industry PowerPoint presentation laying out their plans to use astroturf to kill Network Neutrality .
The industry is hiring the same turfers who work with the Tea Party movement to carry their message to the people .
What the telcos want to do is reduce your access to websites and services unless those services have paid a bribe for " premium carriage " to you .
So Google buys its bandwidth from its ISP .
You buy your bandwidth from your ISP .
Then your ISP goes to Google and says , " If you want to send your bits to our customers when they ask for them , you 'll have to pay us too . "
If Google does n't pay , the ISP slows down its bits when you ask for them .
They call this " free and unregulated internet access for content flow and connectivity speed free and unregulated internet access for content flow and connectivity speed . "
Here 's how I see it : the telcos and cable operators got a huge public subsidy when we agreed to let them use our public sewers , tunnels and streets ( not to mention our houses and basements ) for their wires .
We give them all this for free or far below the market costs .
They put their wires in our dirt .
Now they 're saying they do n't want to give us the service we want .
Literally .
That 's what fighting Net Neutrality is about : it 's ISPs fighting for the right to slow down or discard the bits you , the customer , ask for .
I say , it 's our dirt , so we make the rules .
If they do n't like those rules , let them get their goddamned wires out of our dirt , off our streets , out of our basements .
Let 's give them 60 days , and if they have n't pulled up their wires by then , we 'll buy them for the scrappage price of the copper .
Then we 'll turn over those wires to companies that are willing to give us the bits we want in exchange for the billions ( trillions ? ) worth of public subsidy these greedy corporate welfare bums are currently enjoying .
Nowhere in the Constitution does it say , " Congress shall give away the public 's priceless assets to companies and then sit around sucking its collective thumb while the companies screw the public . "
If AT&T and Comcast do n't want to give us the service we want , let them buy every inch of conduit and right - of - way at market prices .
Until then , they can STFU and give us the network we demand .
This morning , representatives from various front groups launched a new coordinated campaign to kill net neutrality .
Speaking on Capitol Hill , these front groups took turns decrying the evils of the principle of a fair and unbiased Internet .
LULAC Hispanic Leadership Fund , which is funded by AT&T , called Net Neutrality " Obamacare for the Internet . "
Americans for Prosperity — a corporate front group founded by oil billionaire David Koch but also funded by telecom interests — unveiled a new ad smearing net neutrality as a " government takeover " ( the initial ad buy is $ 1.4 million dollars ) .
And Grover Norquist , representing his " Americans for Tax Reform " corporate front group , said net neutrality is like what China does , " putting policemen on every corner , on the street or on the Internet . "
Update :
Simon sez , " On its Think Progress blog , the liberal advocacy group announced it had " obtained " a PowerPoint document " which reveals how the telecom industry is orchestrating the latest campaign against Net neutrality " through a pseudo - grassroots effort .
The story was echoed on Slashdot , Boing Boing , and innumerable pro-regulation blogs .
There 's just one problem with Think Progress ' claim :
It 's not , well , accurate .
In a case of truth being stranger than astroturf , it turns out that the PowerPoint document was prepared as a class project for a competition in Florida last month .
It cost the six students a grand total of $ 173.95 , including $ 18 for clip art . "
' Secret ' telecom anti-Net neutrality plan is n't
Telecoms ' Secret Plan To Attack Net Neutrality : Target Video Gamers And Stoke Fear Of Chinese Censorship
( via /. )
Andrew WK stalker song .
as a teenager he had obsessive feelings towards his girlfriend , so he wrote a song about it , and earned a restraining order for it .
Read the full story at the Guardian
Mr. Destiny
Mr. Destiny
" Rehman Malik and Babar Awan forced the driver of the Mercedes to leave immediately .
When the [ motorbike ] pilot saw the car was going at full speed , he drove his bike to lead them .
The police security squad and private security also followed them .
When the Mitsubishi Pajero in which Benazir Bhutto was sitting came out of the gate there was no police , no private security , nothing was there the security thought she was in the Mercedes , " he said .
A research study and editorial to be published Monday in the medical journal Pediatrics takes direct aim at a novel tobacco product that some critics say too closely resembles Tic Tac breath mints .
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco , the nation ’s second - largest cigarette maker behind Philip Morris , is test marketing the product , Camel Orbs , along with other dissolvable tobacco products , in three cities .
It is part of a broad industry trend to create smokeless products in response to declining cigarette use and the rise of smoke - free air laws .
The study says Orbs , pellets made of finely ground tobacco with mint or cinnamon flavoring , are packed with nicotine and can poison children and lure young people to start using tobacco .
The pellets dissolve in the mouth , like breath mints .
“ Nicotine is a highly addictive drug , and to make it look like a piece of candy is recklessly playing with the health of children , ” the lead researcher , Gregory N. Connolly , a professor with the Harvard School of Public Health , said in an interview .
Camel Orbs began test marketing last year in stores in Portland , Ore. , Columbus , Ohio , and Indianapolis .
They have also been advertised in popular magazines including People , Wired and Rolling Stone .
One ad says : “ Enjoy Anywhere .
Anytime .
Anyplace . ”
Learn more
We ’d love to hear from you
Contact us at forensics@cru-inc.com .
Sign up for our partner program for continued assistance , and if you ’re a forensics student or educator , join our Forensics Education Program to claim a discount !
Learn more about PartnerAdvantage >
Learn more about FEP >
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
April 20th , 2010
Update : AIG - Goldman Sachs Trades Should Be Probed by SEC , Cummings Says
Via : Business Week :
The regulator suing Goldman Sachs Group Inc. for fraud should widen its probe to determine whether securities backed by bailed - out insurer American International Group Inc. were improperly created , said two lawmakers .
It is “ not beyond the realm of comprehension ” that Goldman Sachs misled investors on collateralized debt obligations apart from the one cited last week by the Securities and Exchange Commission , Democratic Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter DeFazio said in a letter to be sent to SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro .
AIG , rescued by the U.S. in 2008 , insured about $ 6 billion of Goldman Sachs CDOs named Abacus .
“ Should any of these transactions be found to include fraudulent conduct , any resulting contractual payments from AIG - issued credit - default swaps could be viewed as ill - gotten gains , ” Cummings and DeFazio wrote .
“ It is imperative that the SEC pursue the recovery from Goldman Sachs of any fraudulently obtained AIG payments . ”
The lawmakers ’ demand adds pressure on New York - based Goldman Sachs as European politicians increase scrutiny of the bank .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown called yesterday for a probe by the U.K. Financial Services Authority and Germany ’s financial regulator asked the SEC for details of its suit .
Goldman Sachs failed to disclose to investors of a CDO called Abacus 2007 - AC1 that hedge fund Paulson & Co. helped pick the underlying assets and bet against the security , according to the SEC suit .
The SEC charges are “ completely unfounded in law and fact , ” Goldman Sachs said on April 16 .
John Nester , a spokesman for the SEC , did n’t immediately return a call seeking comment .
Mark Herr , a spokesman for New York - based AIG , declined to comment .
— End Update —
I ’m convinced that this situation with the SEC and Goldman Sachs is a limited hangout .
Why ?
No Criminal Charges Likely in AIG Collapse
Unless the AIG imbroglio is untangled , the rest of this is nonsense .
Goldman Sachs is now a household name .
Disemboweling some flunky will give the crowd something to cheer about .
But who paid out on the Goldman sludge , and a whole lot of other sludge ?
That ’s right , make sure the curtain stays closed on that AIG sausage factory .
These are n’t the droids you ’re looking for .
* subtle hand gesture *
Via : Politico :
Former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer said on Monday there are “ no coincidences ” in the Securities and Exchange Commission filing a lawsuit against Goldman Sachs just as Democrats are about to bring up financial regulatory reform in the Senate .
The SEC , which announced the civil suit Friday , is forbidden by law from acting in concert with the White House in choosing which cases it prosecutes and when to do so .
Asked about the timing of the SEC action during an interview Monday on CNBC , Spitzer , who prosecuted securities fraud as the state ’s attorney general , said that “ there ’s no question the SEC is desperate to prove that it can enforce the law , desperate to bring in the great white whale . ”
“ This was not a coincidence , ” asserted the former Democratic governor , who resigned after an affair with a prostitute became public .
“ There are no coincidences in this world .
None . ”
“ It could be both a witch hunt and legitimate exercise of regulatory authority , ” he added .
Asked during his regular briefing Monday whether the administration knew the charges against Goldman Sachs were coming , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs responded tersely , “ The SEC is , by law , an independent agency . ”
As culinary disasters go , it is hardly likely to rank in the annals of history alongside King Alfred 's burning of the cakes but Tony Blair was left embarrassed yesterday when he and his wife Cherie burned some toast at their country home and triggered a full - scale emergency response from the local fire service .
Four fire engines were dispatched to the Blairs ' £ 5.75 m home in Buckinghamshire on Saturday morning after the smoke alarm went off .
A spokesman for the former prime minister said that because the 17th - century South Pavilion in Wotton Underwood , near Aylesbury , was a Grade I listed building , the alarm was automatically connected to the local fire station .
He said : " The Blairs were cooking breakfast when the smoke alarm went off .
In fact it was just smoke without a fire but , by the time Mrs Blair rang the fire service to tell them they did n't need to come , they were already on their way .
All rather embarrassing and she 'll certainly be sending them a big thank - you note . "
A spokesman for Buckinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service said : " Two crews from Haddenham , the nearest local station , and one from Aylesbury attended .
One from Thame , in Oxfordshire , was on its way but was turned back .
" When they got there , it was basically some burned toast that had set the alarm off , so it was a smaller incident than was first feared .
" The smoke was cleared with a fan and the firefighters gave some fire safety advice . "
The Blairs paid £ 4 m for South Pavilion , which was built in 1704 , when they bought it in 2008 .
The mansion , which was the former home of Sir John Gielgud , has seven bedrooms , a weather - vane tower , ornamental gardens , two paddocks and a four - bedroom converted outbuilding .
In a statement , Mr Kissinger said that the National Security Archive had " distorted " the meaning of the cable .
He said it was intended to find another way for the US ambassador in Uruguay to deliver a formal objection to Condor , after the envoy expressed fears for his own life .
A team from the Basque Institute for Agricultural Research and Development ( Neiker - Tecnalia ) has questioned the generally held belief that the quality of tomatoes depends primarily on their exposure to natural light and states that the most determining factor is temperature .
The research was drawn up by the Institute 's Department of Agricultural Production and Protection and opens up great possibilities for starting new plantations in zones where light intensity is low due to weather conditions .
The findings are of particular interest in geographic zones such as the Cantabrian mountain range in the north of Spain , where there is frequent cloud cover and an average of 140 rainy days per year , and which could be suitable for growing greenhouse tomatoes , despite low levels of solar radiation .
The study evaluated the different indicators for organoleptic ( taste and texture ) quality and nutritional quality , such as acidity , soluble solids , phenolic compounds , pH and vitamin C content .
To this end , the tomato plants were exposed to photosynthetic radiation between 30 and 50 % less than the usual for the sunny zones in the south of the Iberian Peninsula , at the same time as studying other tomato plants undergoing 100 % exposure .
Cultivation was carried out on soil , in a greenhouse without artificial heating and shaded in a small area so that air currents were able to homogenise the temperature within the plantation .
The results showed that the organoleptic and nutritional quality was very similar between the plants exposed to greater solar radiation and those with less .
Another conclusion of the research opens up the possibility of reducing costs of heating , something that researchers in other European countries such as the Netherlands are working on -- through the selection of seed varieties that need less energy .
According to Mr Patrick Riga , the author of the report , " heating bills can be reduced while obtaining the same quality of tomato " ; although , as a disadvantage , yield is less .
In Mr Riga 's opinion , " growers have to choose between production or quality . "
Researchers are now focusing on analysing how much the temperature can be reduced in order to cut down on energy consumption without affecting quality parameters .
These findings can also be applied to other kinds of fruit with high nutritional value , such as strawberries , cucumbers , melons and watermelons .
PolitiFact brought some truthiness to The Colbert Report on Wednesday night , as PolitiFact editor Bill Adair appeared on the show with Jake Tapper , interim host of ABC's This Week , to explain our fact - checking of the show .
Colbert did n't understand all the fuss about fact - checking and he 's convinced that our parent , the St. Petersburg Times , is Russian .
To get a taste of the Truth - O - Meter , the Colbert producers asked us to fact - check a few claims from Monday 's show .
Bill did n't get a chance to discuss them on the show , but you can find them on our home page .
We checked :
If you missed the show , you can watch it online on the Colbert Web site .
We 'll update this story with more about the show later today .
A report on news.com.au says that a former editor for Zoo Weekly , an Australian " lads mag " , has been sacked after making public an email from Rockstar , developers of the Grand Theft Auto series , demanding more " favourable coverage " from the writer .
Advertisement
Toby McCasker , who used to be deputy entertainment editor for the magazine , says that Rockstar have n't been too keen on his coverage of upcoming Western title Red Dead Redemption , and posted an email his magazine received from Rockstar Australia on his Facebook page ( which has since been removed ) , in which it 's alleged the publisher wrote :
This is the biggest game we 've done since GTA IV , and is already receiving Game of the Year 2010 nominations from specialists all around the world .
Can you please ensure
Toby 's article reflects this - he needs to respect the huge achievement he 's writing about here .
Advertisement
Shortly after posting that on his Facebook page , McCasker was dismissed from his position .
What 's unclear at the moment is why he was dismissed ; merely posting internal communications on an external forum could well have been enough to warrant a sacking .
McCasker told News.com.au
" I did not sign up to become a journalist to write advertorials masquerading as editorial .
This ' cash for comment ' culture that is fast becoming the status quo within print media bothers me a lot . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Rockstar Australia has so far refused to comment on the allegations , while Zoo 's editor , Paul Merrill , could not elaborate on the specific reasons behind McCasker 's dismissal .
This of course is n't the first time this kind of thing has happened , nor will it be the last time , especially when it comes to the " mainstream " press and its coverage of video games .
It 's just ... the latest time .
Advertisement
Lads ' mag editor blows whistle on video games [ news.com.au ]
UPDATE - Zoo's editor Paul Merrill has contacted Kotaku and provided the following statement :
sbcl/1.0.38/sbcl-1.0.38-release-notes.txt
changes in sbcl - 1.0.38 relative to sbcl - 1.0.37 : * incompatible change :
Thread names are now restricted to SIMPLE - STRINGs like for any other thread - related datastructure , MUTEX , etc. ( lp#547095 ) * deprecation : the SB - QUEUE contrib was merged into the SB - CONCURRENCY contrib module .
New code should depend on SB - CONCURRENCY , not SB - QUEUE .
* deprecation : SB - THEAD : GET -MUTEX was deprecated in favor of SB - THREAD : GRAB - MUTEX .
* new contributed module : SB - CONCURRENCY is a new contrib ; it 's supposed to contain additional data structures and tools for concurrent programming ; at the moment it contains a lock - free queue , and a lock - free mailbox implementation .
* new feature : added SB - THREAD : GRAB-MUTEX ; it 's like the now deprecated GET - MUTEX but takes &key rather than &optional parameters .
Also added : TIMEOUT argument to GRAB - MUTEX on non-sb-lutex platforms like Linux and BSD .
* new feature : added SB - THREAD : TRY - SEMAPHORE , a non-blocking variant of SB - THREAD : WAIT -ON - SEMAPHORE .
* new feature : SB - EXT : ATOMIC -DECF has been added as a companion to SB - EXT : ATOMIC - INCF .
* new feature : a CANCEL - DEADLINE is associated with DEADLINE - TIMEOUT conditions to defer the deadline for forever .
* enhancement : *STANDARD -OUTPUT * , *STANDARD-INPUT * , and * ERROR - OUTPUT * are now bivalent .
* enhancement : errors from NO - APPLICABLE -METHOD and NO - PRIMARY -METHOD now have a RETRY restart available to retry the generic function call .
* enhancement : SB - BSD - SOCKET
improvements ** sockets and socket streams now have a more informative printed representation based on the corresponding SOCKET - NAME and SOCKET - PEERNAME .
** SOCKET -MAKE -STREAM once more supports the : AUTO - CLOSE option .
( lp#540413 ) ** SOCKET - CLOSE now accepts : ABORT argument , which is passed on to CL: CLOSE when appropriate , and no longer disassociates the stream from the socket if close failed .
( lp#543951 ) * improvements to the instrumenting profiler ** new feature : report per-function GC overhead .
( thanks to John Fremlin ) ** optimization : counters no longer use locks for the overflow mode .
** bug fix : whenever a profiling counter wrapped into overflow mode , it incurred an off - by - one miscount .
* enhancement : improved MAKE - HASH -TABLE documentation ( lp#543473 ) * enhancement : improved DEFMETHOD pretty - printing .
* enhancement : perform range reduction when arguments are too large for x87's transcendentals ( instead of returning 0 ) . ( lp#327192 ) * enhancement : eliminate some spurious TYPE - WARNINGs .
Should help with some of CL - PPCRE 's macros . ( lp#570079 ) * enhancement : our machine code is slightly less hostile to valgrind on x86 - 64 .
* enhancement : up - to - date versions of NetBSD - current are supported .
( Thanks to Robert Swindells and Aleksej Saushev ) * bug fix : correct restart text for the continuable error in MAKE - PACKAGE .
* bug fix : a rare case of startup - time page table corruption .
* bug fix : a semaphore with multiple waiters and some of them unwinding due to timeouts could be left in an inconsistent state .
* bug fix : fix typo in " Reporting Bugs " section of the manual ( lp#520366 ) * bug fix : misoptimization of multiplication by one in ( SB - C:: FLOAT - ACCURACY 0 ) policies .
* bug fix : miscounts in SB - PROFILE .
* bug fix :
Fix lost wakeup bug between SB - THREAD : CONDITION - WAIT and CONDITION - NOTIFY on Linux .
See threads " lost wakeup in condition - wait / condition - notify " ( Feb 2010 ) and " Condition - Wait , Deadline handler , waking up itself " ( March 2010 ) for further details .
* bug fix : allow forward FIND and POSITION on lists to elide checking :END against length of the list if the element is found before the specified END is reached .
( thanks to Alec Berryman , lp # 554385 ) * bug fix : errors signalled during package graph modification no longer block FIND - SYMBOL and FIND - PACKAGE in other threads .
( lp#511072 ) * bug fix : SB - POSIX build was broken when SBCL was compiled without the : SB - DOC feature .
( lp#552564 ) * bug fix : SB - INTROSPECT build issues on GENGC / PPC . ( lp#490490 ) * bug fix : more robust runtime executable path detection .
( lp#375549 ) * bug fix : GCD always returns positive values .
( lp#413680 ) * bug fix : Converting division to multiplication by reciprocal handles denormals .
* bug fix :
We were too eager in eliding range reduction tests on x87 .
The maximal magnitude is 2^63 , not 2^64 .
* bug fix : Transforms for TRUNCATE do n't die when the result is completely ignored anymore .
* bug fix : Maybe restore buildability on Alpha .
* bug fix : READ - BYTE is n't inline anymore , fixing weird streams failures .
( lp#569404 ) * bug fix : RANDOM - STATE can be printed readably again .
* bug fix : Unreadable objects were sometimes printed like #<
Foo >. * bug fix : Using EQL with non-constant values of constant type ( e.g. EQL types ) could result in type mismatches during compilation .
Apr. 27 , 2010  --
A former rising star at the CIA accused of drugging , raping and taping Muslim women while stationed in the Middle East appeared before a federal judge in Virginia today after skipping a pre-trial hearing more than a week ago and going on what sources called an apparent drug binge .
Andrew Warren was arrested after an intensive search by federal officials concerned he might be a danger to himself .
According to two federal law enforcement sources , drug paraphernalia and a handgun were found in the Virginia motel room where Warren , former CIA chief of station in Algeria , was arrested .
Warren sat in a wheelchair during his Monday afternoon court appearance .
A person close to Warren told ABC News that State Department officials began searching for Warren 11 days ago after he missed a routine pre-trial appearance and could not be found .
" His phones were shut off , and none of his family or friends had heard from him , " the person told ABC News .
Warren , 42 , was located after federal law enforcement officers reached out to his friends and family , warning them that they were concerned for Warren 's safety and believed he was armed and consuming crack cocaine .
He was arrested by local police , U.S. Marshals and the State Department 's Diplomatic Security Service at a Norfolk , Virginia Ramada Limited hotel late Monday .
He was taken by law enforcement officials to a local hospital .
The former station chief 's fall from grace has been dramatic .
According to two former CIA officials , Warren was a rising star at the CIA .
He was a fluent Arabic speaker who had converted to Islam , making him an ideal officer in the Middle East for the intelligence agency .
Before being posted to Algeria , Warren had served in Egypt , Afghanistan , and a stint in that CIA domestic station in New York .
It was in New York , a few years after 9/11 , that supervisors spotted him as a potential star , ready to be deployed around the world as a spy .
Within a very short time - four years - Warren had been posted as station chief in Algeria .
Warren worked for the agency in the Middle East until October 2008 , until he was recalled from the region and then fired after two women came forward and accused him of rape , accusations which were first reported by ABC News ' Brian Ross in January 2009 .
He was charged with one federal count of sexual abuse in June .
Bureau of Diplomatic Security
When she woke up the next morning , according to the affidavit , " she was lying on a bed , completely nude , with no memory of how she had been undressed . "
She said she realized " she recently had engaged in sexual intercourse , though she had no memory of having intercourse . "
The second victim 's account also states that Warren allegedly drugged her before raping her .
" While drinking the second apple martini , [ Victim 2 ] suddenly felt faint and felt the immediate needed to vomit .
V2 described the sudden and violent onset of the illness as nothing like the physiological effects of alcohol related sickness that she had experienced when she consumed alcohol on previous occasions .
V2 stated she immediately began to pass in and out of consciousness .
V2's recollections of the ensuing events are characterized as passing in and out of consciousness , due to the debilitating effects of the illness , " the affidavit states .
" [ Victim 2 's ] next recollection was being located in Warren 's upstairs bathroom , on the floor .
V2 could see and hear , but she could not move .
Warren was in the bathroom , and he was attempting to remove V2's pants .
Although V2 could not physically resist Warren , she was able to speak , and she asked him to leave the bathroom .
Warren continued to undress V2 , and told her she would feel better after a bath .
V2 stated that she had difficulty comprehending what was happening to her .
Eventually Warren was able to remove V2's blue jeans , boots , and her blazer , " the statement said .
Allegedly , the woman remembers being in Warren 's bed and asking him to stop , but according to the affidavit , " Warren made a statement to the effect of ' nobody stays in my expensive sheets with clothes on . ' "
She told the Diplomatic Security agents that , " as she slipped in and out of consciousness she had conscious images of Warren penetrating her vagina repeatedly with his penis . "
Diplomatic Security Special Agent Scott Baker noted in the affidavit , " The victims ' symptoms were consistent with drugs used to facilitate sexual assaults . "
Asked for a comment on the case in 2009 , CIA spokesman George Little said in a statement , " We will continue to cooperate with law enforcement in this matter , which involves a former agency employee who was fired earlier this year . "
Warren pleaded not guilty to the charge of sexual assault in June 2009 .
He was released on his recognizance after his arraignment and has been living in the Norfolk area ever since .
Morton Taubman , an attorney for Warren , said in 2009 his client is , " Not guilty ... He is innocent . "
According to the Justice Department , if convicted , Warren could face life in prison .
Jason Ryan contributed reporting to this story .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
My exposé of why academics ’ private emails sometimes seem cranky has gotten a lot of attention .
Joe Romm posted it at ClimateProgress , where it generated many comments , many expressing thanks for saying what needed to be said .
George Monbiot posted a comment , pointing out that for a journalist , FoI laws are sacred : a hard won concession that allows them to fight the secrecy that normally surrounds the political establishment .
So there ’s clearly some mutual incomprehension between the two cultures , academic and journalistic .
For journalists , FoI is a vital weapon to root out corruption in a world where few people can be trusted .
For scientists , FoI is a blunt instrument , unneeded in a world where honesty and trust are the community norms , and data is freely shared as much as is practically possible .
George expands this theme on his blog , and I appear to have shifted his perspective on the CRU emails , although perhaps not as far as I might have hoped .
His thesis is that scientists and journalists have each formed a closed culture , leading each to be suspicious ( and worse ) of the other .
Well , I think this is not strictly accurate .
I do n’t think either culture is walled in .
In fact , I ’m beginning to think I overstated the case in my original post : scientists are certainly not “ walled in like an anchorite ” .
Pretty much every scientist I know will happily talk at length to anyone who shows an interest in their work , and will nearly always share data and code with anyone who is engaged in honest scientific work .
For our own research into software quality , we have obtained source code , datasets , software bug histories , and extensive access for interviews in every climate modeling centre we have approached .
Unfortunately , scientists tend to be way too focussed ( obsessed ? ) for most people ’s taste , so lay people do n’t generally want to talk to them in the first place .
But scientists will accept into the community anyone who ’s willing to work at it ( after all most of us spend a lot of time training students ) , as long as they show the necessary commitment to the scientific process and the pursuit of truth .
Traditional investigative journalism used to share these values too , but this tradition now seems to be another endangered species .
The experience when scientists talk to journalists is usually more about the journalist seeking a sensationalist angle to sell a story , rather than a quest for understanding .
And a reliance on false balance rather than weighing up the evidence .
So there is a bit of a gulf between the two cultures , but its not insurmountable , and there are plenty of examples of good science reporting to show that people regularly do bridge this gulf .
No , the real story is not the relationship between science and the media at all .
It ’s the story of how the media has been completely taken in by a third group , a third culture , consisting of ideologically - driven , pathological liars , who will say almost anything in order to score political points , and will smear anyone they regard as an opponent .
Stern calls climate change the greatest ever failure of the free markets .
I think that looking back , we may come to regard the last six months as the greatest ever failure of mass media .
Or alternatively , the most successful disinformation campaign ever waged .
At the centre of this story are people like Marc Morano and Jim Inhofe .
They have n’t a clue what science is ; to them it ’s just one more political viewpoint to attack .
They live in a world of paranoid fantasies , where some secret cabal is supposedly trying to set up a world government to take away their freedoms .
Never mind that every credible scientific body on the planet is warning about the wealth of evidence we now have about the risk of dangerous climate change .
Never mind that the IPCC puts together one of the most thorough ( and balanced ! ) state - of - the - art surveys ever undertaken in any scientific field .
Never mind that the newest research suggests that these assessments are , if anything , underestimating the risk .
No , these people do n’t like the message , and so set out to attack the messengers with a smear campaign based on hounding individual scientists for years and years until they snap , and then spreading stories in the media about what happens when the scientists tell them to piss off .
Throughout all this , in underfunded labs , and under a barrage of attacks , scientists have done their job admirably .
They chase down the uncertainties , and report honestly and accurately what they know .
They doggedly compile assessment reports year after year to present the mass of evidence to anyone who cares to listen .
It simply beggars belief that journalists could , in 2010 , still be writing opinion pieces arguing that the scientists need to do a better job , that they are poor communicators , that we need more openness and more data sharing .
That these themes dominate the reporting is a testament to how effective the disinformation campaign has been .
The problem is not in the science , or with scientists at all , nor with a culture gap between science and the media .
The problem is with this third group , the disinformers , who have completely dominated the framing of the story , and how honest journalists have been completely taken in by this framing .
How did they do it ?
Well , one crucial element of their success is their use of FoI laws .
By taking the journalists ’ most prized weapon , and wielding it against climate scientists , they achieved a whole bunch of successes all at once .
They got journalists on their side , because journalists have difficulty believing that FoI laws could be used for anything other than good old - fashioned citizen democracy .
They got the public on their side by appearing to be the citizens fighting the establishment .
They set up the false impression that scientists have stuff to hide , by ignoring the vast quantities of open data in climate science , and focussing on the few that were tied up with commercial licence agreements .
And they effected a denial of service attack by flooding a few target scientists with huge numbers of FoI requests .
Add to this the regular hate mail and death threats that climate scientists receive , and you have a recipe for personal meltdowns .
And the media lapped up the story about personal meltdowns , picked it up and ran with it , and never once asked whose framing they were buying into .
And the result is that , faced with one of the greatest challenges humanity has ever faced , the media got the story completely backwards .
Few journalists and few scientists seem to have any conception of how this misinformation campaign works , how nasty these people are , and how dirty they play .
They have completely owned the story for the last few months , with their framing of “ scientists making mistakes ” and “ scientists distorting their data ” .
They ’ve successfully portrayed the scientists as being at fault , when it is the scientists who are the victims of one of the nastiest public bullying campaigns ever conducted .
History will have to judge how it compares to other such episodes ( McCarthyism would make a fascinating comparator ) .
And the stakes are high : at risk is our ability to make sensible policy choices and international agreements based on good scientific evidence , to ensure that our children and grandchildren can flourish as we do .
We ’re fucking this up bigtime , and it ’s not the scientists who are at fault .
Share this : Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Print
Email
The smartphone and tablet revolution created by Apple has changed the way we work and live .
More people are now accessing data not at the o ...
What happens when two guys with no understanding of Islam are given a national platform to air their views about the faith ?
You get a representation of the Prophet Muhammad that is insulting and demeaning .
This outrage , predictably , angers the Muslim - American community .
The two goons behind Revolution Muslim have been so fetishized by CNN , that the Muslim - American community is starting to take matters into their own hands , in order to stop these Islam - bashers from continuing to defile the religion .
The creators of South Park recently aired their 200th episode , in which they almost depict the face of the Prophet Muhammad .
Interestingly , they have aired the face of Muhammad before , but because of the Danish Cartoon Controversy , Comedy Central told the creators they could no longer show him .
The creators attempt to deal with issues of free speech and censorship in their 200th episode were upended by the two clowns of Revolution Muslim , who have issued a thinly - veiled threat against the show ’s creators .
These two buffoons ( I keep emphasizing that there are only two of them ) decided that they encapsulate all the learning of the various Muslim traditions and could speak out for the Muslim community .
The reality is that there is a wide variety of responses to the depiction of Muhammad amongst Muslims .
I had students Tweeting me to watch the episode .
I watched it and thought it was in poor taste , like everything else South Park does .
That does not mean I did not find it funny or insightful .
Some would argue that this is a Shi’ah tendency , to depict Muhammad .
While there is probably some correlation to being Shi’ah and having pictures of Muhammad and his family , there are numerous Sunni Muslim communities who do not object to figural representation .
We all agree that these images are not for worship purposes .
What Revolution Muslim seems to be doing is taking their “ Islamic learning ” from CNN — after all , this dim - witted duo is only known because of CNN .
As Aziz Poonawalla points out , two people do not equate to an entire community .
The two of us represent a counter - voice that is not on CNN , because we are educated and are representative of most Muslims .
For CNN , there is not a story in Muslims being normal .
I would be surprised if more voices do not come out calling the Revolution Muslim duo a cancer on the Muslim community .
Unfortunately , because CNN acts as their press agents , somewhat intelligent people feel confident making statements like “ No other religion threatens violence over how they are portrayed in the media and no other religion has proven powerful enough to frighten the media into submission like Islam . ”
Two people represent an entire religion of 1.6 billion people .
I wonder how this writer would have reacted if 1.6 billion actually did get upset by something ?
It also buys into popular Islamophobia and ignores the reactions to movies like The Last Temptation of Christ and Priest .
The reality is that Revolution Muslim has no understanding of the faith , other than what will get them on TV .
They know nothing of tradition , history , or culture .
It is a sad state of affairs when two lonely boys with an internet connection get as much airtime , or more , as legitimate news stories and community leaders .
Unfortunately , these two , unlike the creators of South Park , are not funny .
They are just in poor taste .
Gary Bass told Zofia Cisowski the police were deeply sorry Canadian police have apologised to the mother of a Polish man who died after being repeatedly shot with a Taser stun gun at Vancouver airport in 2007 .
Robert Dziekanski , 40 , had travelled to Canada to live with his mother but got lost at the airport and was Tasered when he became agitated .
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police said lessons had been learnt and many changes in practices had been made .
The police also reached a financial settlement with Mr Dziekanski's mother .
Video footage taken by a bystander showed Mr Dziekanski writhing on the floor and screaming after being stunned , as four officers restrained and handcuffed him .
He fell still and died minutes later .
Choking back tears " I want to apologise for our role in the tragic death of your son , Robert Dziekanski , " Deputy Commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , Gary Bass , told Zofia Cisowski at a joint news conference .
" Your son arrived from Poland eager to begin a new life in Canada .
We are deeply sorry he did not have that opportunity . "
Police pinned down Robert Dziekanski after he was stunned several times " I accept your apology , " Ms Cisowski said , choking back tears .
" It has been two and a half years since my son died at Vancouver airport , and there was not a single day that I did not try and analyse what could be done to try and avoid this tragedy . "
She added : " I am very tired .
I have to close this chapter . "
Mr Dziekanski , who spoke no English , had flown from Poland to live in Canada with his mother but she had mistakenly told him to meet her in an airport arrivals area closed to the public .
He waited there for hours and when he finally emerged to find his mother had left , he became distraught .
Airport workers called in the police when he started shouting and throwing items from a desk .
Mr Bass said the force did not acknowledge full responsibility for the death , only that the police " had a part to play along with many others on that night " .
He said police had learned from the incident , and that changes had been made including the way police now use weapons like Tasers .
The amount of the financial settlement was not disclosed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most image trading happens via peer - to - peer file - sharing More than two million images of child sex abuse had been circulated by 100 offenders who went on to be convicted in the last 20 months , the NSPCC says .
In a sample created by analysing media reports of court cases , the charity found that nearly 50,000 of the photographs were in the worst category .
One in four offenders had held positions of trust , including as teachers , clergymen , medics and police .
A third of those involved were reported to have used peer - to - peer file - sharing .
The children 's charity said sex offenders were using the software - which eliminates the need for a server or host - to stay " under the radar " and called on the next government to help combat it .
The number of images seized in these cases is enough to cover the pitch at Wembley Stadium twice over - and this is just a sample
Diana Sutton , NSPCC
The two million photographs seized by police - some of which could be repeats of the same image - showed the " battle was far from won " on the issue , said the NSPCC's Diana Sutton .
All the cases examined for the snapshot had resulted in criminal convictions .
Ten per cent of those convicted had been hoarding child abuse images for five years or more before they were caught .
One in six of the 100 offenders involved had a conviction for sexually assaulting or grooming a child for sex , researchers found .
Ms Sutton added : " The scale of graphic child sex abuse pictures and videos over the internet is very alarming .
" The number of images seized in these cases is enough to cover the pitch at Wembley Stadium twice over - and this is just a sample .
" Many more people were convicted for possessing , making and distributing indecent images of children online during the same period .
" Children and babies are being seriously sexually assaulted to feed the demand for these photos and videos .
" And each time they are viewed , more degradation is heaped on the young victims . "
' Disgusting industry '
In the year 2008 - 09 the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre ( Ceop ) received a total of 5,411 reports from members of the public and sources including industry , children 's charities and law enforcement agencies around the world .
Each report " can relate to a single individual or allegation or hundreds , sometimes thousands of suspects , " it says .
Ceop says the " vast majority of trading " of images takes place on various peer - to - peer platforms .
The NSPCC said there had been welcome measures in recent years to drive child abuse images from the internet , but there was still much to do .
" Making the internet safer for children should be a priority for all Parliamentary candidates during the general election campaign .
" In particular , we are calling on party leaders to show their commitment now to putting this disgusting industry out of business . "
Last month probation officers ' union Napo said sentencing for online sex offenders was too lenient and that many were failing to undergo proper treatment .
It warned that high risk paedophiles were not being locked up long enough to take part in rehabilitation courses .
The maximum prison term for web paedophiles at crown court is 10 years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the previous article in this series this blog was somewhat critical of the Lib - Dems for the apparent absence of any serious Foreign Policy , or any guiding light that would govern its direction and thus inform Lib - Dem Defence policy , but it would appear that this blog spoke too soon .
On the 30th of April Lord Wallace of Saltaire addressed the Royal United Services Institute where he outlined his party ’s Defence policy in advance of a Strategic Defence Review .
This is a little tardy to say the least , six days before a general election , but what does the speech tell us ?
So let me start by reminding you about previous strategic defence reviews , the assumptions on which they rested , and the way in which successive Labour and Conservative governments have drifted back to illusions of great power status and what Nick Clegg has called ‘ default Atlanticism ’ .
I want to underline that not only in 1997 - 8 , but also in 1966 - 7 , the conclusions that the FCO and MoD reached were closer to the Liberal Democrat approach now than to the nostalgic visions of the two other parties .
This might be considered an inauspicious start , if only because this blog prides itself from working from first principles , and as RUSI have already determined Great Power status is desirable for the following reasons :
a) Thucydides wisdom – all nations seek power for reasons of fear , interest and honour b)
The Strategic Bargain – where we work with partners to ensure collective security c ) National Obligations – Uninterrupted access to economic recourse & Defence of the Realm d) Military Aid to Civilian Authorities – a resource to resort to in times of natural disaster
Still , the point might have merit were Britain incapable of justifying or supporting such Great Power ambitions , but wait , was n’t the very idea challenged and debunked but a few weeks ago :
The idea that Britain remains nothing more than another medium sized country rings hollow , and by the same token it is clear why even the major nations in EUrope are keen to band together ; to preserve their rapidly declining influence in world affairs .
Britain clearly could be just another medium sized country , but it should be apparent that this is a choice and not an inevitability , at least over the course of the next quarter century .
So , we must all ask ourselves why the Lib - Dems are so keen to disavow the active pursuit of the British national interest ……………….?
Ah , europe , the Lib - Dems continue their myopic fascination with ever - deeper -union :
12 years ago , as a logical follow - up to the defence review , Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac at St. Malo launched ESDP : a Franco - British initiative .
Ming Campbell and I were fully briefed by Robin Cook and George Robertson beforehand , and gave it our full support .
The ESDP initiative has so far led only to limited results – partly because of German and Italian lack of interest , but partly also because the UK government ceased to provide political leadership , either within the EU or within our domestic debate .
It ’s now clear that further progress has to be built around renewed leadership from the UK and France , and close partnership between them .
Two questions :
1 . Why is this necessary when we have NATO , and now have France in NATO ?
2 . Why is this necessary when we have NATO , and now have France in NATO ?
Seriously , what additional utility does this provide to achieving the British national interest , or is it just a mechanism to help achieve a european national interest , whatever that might be ?
A full generation earlier – before most of today ’s British population were born , when both David Cameron and Nick Clegg were babies – the 1967 ‘ East of Suez ’ defence review had recommended a similar shift in Britain ’s self - perception of its international role .
We retreated from the Indian Ocean and the Gulf , to focus our defence efforts primarily on the European region .
We did this because we exist on the european periphery , and we were in direct ideological opposition to a super - power that threatened to engulf that periphery thus leaving all our neighbours under the sway of that enemy influence , it demanded our attention .
This is no longer the case , we are no longer a lamed David stood before Goliath , thus we are free to ask the question ; “ what part should Britain play in world affairs ? ”
The size of the navy was reduced – let me remind you in particular that it was decided to phase out aircraft carriers , since the government had accepted that it could no longer project air and sea power at oceanic distances from the UK .
A decision that has forever afterwards been deemed a foolish move .
Storms of protest from the right - wing press greeted these moves , sharply attacking an FCO report ’s suggestion that we should now regard ourselves as ‘ a major power of the second rank ’ , rather than as a first - rate global power .
This is the language of ‘ managed decline ’ , it is the language of defeat and fear , and its purpose is to influence domestic opinion rather than effect international policy .
This regurgitation of nineteen - sixties mantra ’s such as ; ‘ a major power of the second rank ’ and ‘ first - rate global power ’ fails to address the question being posed by RUSI today , namely ; does Britain wish to wield sovereign power to strategic effect , and thus retain significant influence in shaping world affairs in the 21st century ?
What Nick Clegg and the Liberal Democrats are saying about Britain ’s realistic global role is thus precisely what intelligent and realistic policy advisers have been arguing since I was a student in the United States .
Dean Acheson had spelled out the logic of Britain ’s untenable position in December 1962 , as Harold Macmillan scrambled to rescue the British nuclear deterrent by obtaining missiles from the USA .
The second half of the paragraph , less often quoted than his remark that we had ‘ lost an empire and not found a role ’ , stated bluntly that the special relationship on which we relied was ‘ about played out ’ and that we could no longer stay aloof from Europe .
What strikes this blogger most prominently , is that for all the Lib - Dems talk of building a Foreign Policy and Defence apparatus suitable for the post cold - war world , they are incongruously fixated on a political solution to the european origin of the world wars ( the EU ) , and to the rhetoric of the cold - war era .
This is nothing new , it is merely repackaged dogma to justify a political project that does not advance British security , given that we exist within NATO , and only makes sense if one cannot conceive of a peaceful europe unless it bound in iron to act as one creature .
Tony Blair tested the ‘ Special Relationship ’ to its limits , committing the UK to the invasion of Iraq in the expectation that we would therefore gain influence over US Middle East policy once the war was over ; and discovered that our influence was very slim .
What , I thought the Iraq war was all about the oil , and it must be noted that Britain has secured contracts to supply on nearly 19 % of Iraqi output , more than twice as much as the rest of europe combined .
In a future where the struggle for energy will define conflicts the British national interest appears to have been well served .
So – to coin a phrase – there is no alternative .
There is no alternative to closer cooperation with our European partners and neighbours , and to making the best of that partnership .
There is indeed some common ground between the three parties on this : with the sharp difference , however , that Labour is ambivalent , the Conservatives reluctant , while Liberal Democrats want to make the best of it .
Liberal Democrats agree with Recommendation 21 of last year ’s IPPR report , chaired by Lords Robertson and Ashdown – a non-partisan group which also included Professor Michael Clarke – that the UK government should support , fully engage in and possibly lead moves to create permanent structured defence cooperation among a pioneer group of EU countries .
At what point has anyone suggested that Britain should not cooperate with europe to achieve shared aims ?
The problem lies in the occasions when we do n’t have a shared interest , should we retain an ability to act independently , the Lib - Dem answer would probably be “ no ” given that “ we must make the best of that partnership . ”
The mention of the IPPR report , covered by the blog here already , is also a telling clue as to the Lib - Dems enthusiasm for the Contributory doctrine centred around the EU .
In recent months I ’ve heard politicians from Bob Ainsworth to Malcolm Rifkind talk about Britain ’s particular commitment to global trade , and our particular dependence on global sea lanes to maintain the sinews of British global commerce .
That ’s part of the nostalgic myth of our imperial past .
We share an interest in secure sea lanes with other major economies , and we should work with them to keep them open .
This is a fairly clear indication that in a future where cuts will need to be made to preserve strategic capability , the Lib - Dems certainly do n’t see Strategic Raiding as a favoured method of achieving influence in international affairs .
One of the many failures of our Labour government has been its reluctance to tell the British public that a substantial part of the contribution we have been making to the EU budget in recent years – alongside such other net contributors as Germany , the Netherlands , Sweden , and France – has been an investment in the economic and political stabilization of the former socialist countries of eastern Europe .
That productive investment demonstrates how non-military spending can strengthen our security .
Again , a party this is both fixated with cold - war realities whilst blaming other parties for doing exactly that .
It makes little sense to maintain the defence budget if the FCO budget is cut by 20 - 30 % – as it has been over the past 2 - 3 years
This blog certainly agrees with the point , but would advocate taking Foreign Policy seriously rather than chopping Defence to match , however , it is clear that the Lib - Dems swing in the other direction .
In circumstances where ‘ war among the people ’ ( to use Rupert Smith ’s phrase ) is more likely than war between states , the sort of civilian - military Stabilization and Reconstruction Force – on which again there now seems to be an emerging cross-party consensus – deserves investment alongside purely military means .
It ’s right that the government has massively increased expenditure on the security services in recent years , and that it has created a cross- departmental Conflict Prevention Pool .
The difficult question is how far we should continue to invest against the risk of future state - to - state war , and how far it should be Britain ’s responsibility to invest in comparison with other potentially - threatened states .
Now here we come to the crux of the matter , are Her Majesty ’s Armed Forces to primarily be war - fighter who are also capable of peace - keeping , or peace - keepers ‘ capable ’ of fighting wars too ?
Again the Lib - Dem answer is clear ; the UK faces no existential threats , our fortunes are tied in with europes , and our forces need to be peacekeepers , it is clear that neither of the RUSI doctrines Global Guardian or Strategic Raiding are necessary to the Lib - Dems , and that any preference for the Contributory doctrine exists more for an ideological requirement to integrate than to achieve strategic effect .
Since there are almost no conceivable future threats to the UK alone , the distribution of risk and responsibility is one that we should not be ashamed of raising with our partners .
The Conservatives have raised the question of more equitable cost - sharing within NATO ; we would wish to raise that question within the EU as well .
There are , of course , real problems of sovereignty and the chain of command once states begin to move from financial contributions to shared roles or specialization .
But that does not rule out further moves towards specialization in such fields as logistics and reconnaissance .
The British Government ’s refusal to join in the AWACs programme has wasted large sums on Nimrod , over many years .
There ’s more to be done in integrated weapons systems , shared support and training establishments - which come up very quickly , we all know , against entrenched and particularist national traditions .
British armed forces have habits as entrenched as others , which we must be willing to adapt .
So , no sovereign strategic capability , no sovereign security and efficiences produced from joint academies regardless of military tradition , sounds like the kind of thing to make the British Army weep from sorrow !
Defence and security policy should not be about status and national pride , but about the appropriate British contribution to meeting future threats .
Wrong , it should be about achieving the British national interest , and recognising that this is most readily achieved by maintaining strategic capabilities along with the will to employ them .
The starting point for any honest approach to defence policy must be that we cannot afford our current defence ambitions , and must face some very hard choices about priorities .
This is another East of Suez moment : we have to recognise that unrealistic future commitments and unavoidable budgetary cuts now force a step change .
This blog agrees , insomuch as it recognise that the SDR98 was not funded to meet its goals , but that was because labour chose not to fund it rather than because it was unaffordable , again , Defence occupies on 2.2 % of GDP and thus a tiny fraction of total annual government spending .
This blog also agrees that this is an east of Suez moment ; where we will need to contract the breadth of our strategic capabilities , where it disagrees with the Lib - Dems is their apparent belief that strategic power projection is no longer a desirable capability .
Capability + Will = Influence .
Alongside this , we must continue to insure against future unknowns , in cooperation with friendly states which would also be threatened .
But we cannot insure against all risks , and we will not serve Britain ’s best long - term interests if we continue to procure the highest - specification weapons systems against the least likely or desirable future conflicts , justified by the argument that our equipment must remain up to the highest American standards
Does Lord Wallace realise that Trident represents exactly this kind of insurance ?
And does he realise that it is precisely because we maintain such advanced forces that we retain the influence we do ; they represent capability not available to other nations , and thus bargaining power in world affairs ?
To conclude , the Lib - Dems do n’t have a useful or viable vision for Britain ’s role in the world , in fact their Foreign Policy appears dominated by the desire to persuade the British electorate that Europe is the place where such matters should be determined , an impression compounded by the fact this talk arrives six days before a general election .
Finally , that this blog stands by its earlier evaluation that the Lib - Dems would adopt a lite version of the Contributory doctrine .
Why do the Lib - Dems lack any recognisable quantity of pragmatism , have the wilderness years caused the quality to wither irreparably ?
Update – 04/05/10
Do n’t just take it from this blog , it looks like various heads of Defence & Intelligence believe that the Lib - Dems lack credibility and will leave Britain diminished on the world stage :
Sir ,
The national security policies of the Labour Government and the Conservative Opposition are known quantities .
By contrast , the Liberal Democrats ’ approach to national security has not been subjected to very much scrutiny .
All of us have held senior defence and security positions in the post - Cold War era .
We worked within a broad , long - standing cross party consensus about national security .
We welcome the Liberal Democrats ’ genuine commitment to the welfare of Forces ’ personnel .
But we have serious questions about other key planks of their programme , which we believe deviate from that broad cross party consensus .
We are concerned that the Liberal Democrats make no mention of Nato in their manifesto .
Almost every reference to the United States is accompanied by a call for a much more distant relationship — and this includes the Obama Administration .
An enhanced European defence and security posture , however welcome , cannot substitute for American power .
The Liberal Democrats ’ leadership have adopted a wide range of positions on whether , and when , they would withdraw our servicemen from Afghanistan .
British troops in the front line deserve a much clearer lead .
The Liberal Democrats make no reference to North Korea in their manifesto and pre-emptively rule out military action against Iran , the two greatest threats to the international system today .
Cutting off options unilaterally seems to us precipitate .
Several senior Liberal Democrat frontbenchers have indicated that they might want to scrap the United Kingdom ’s nuclear deterrent altogether , a colossal gamble in a dangerous world .
This is quite separate from the issue of what kind of deterrent should replace Trident .
The Liberal Democrats must clarify the potentially dangerous confusion about where they really stand .
The Liberal Democrats appear shy of putting forward serious new proposals for combating terrorism , the No 1 one threat to the safety and wellbeing of the United Kingdom .
The Liberal Democrats are seemingly willing to expose our intelligence and security services to relentless inquiry and investigation .
The agencies must be held accountable .
But how this accountability is achieved is critical .
The Liberal Democrats ’ approach lacks balance .
Their way of doing things would further jeopardise the close intelligence and security co-operation of our allies , which is vital to preventing terrorist attacks .
The Liberal Democrats ’ unilateral abandonment of control orders , with nothing to replace them , would leave the United Kingdom exposed to some of the most dangerous individuals in the country , who could then be released onto our streets .
The Liberal Democrats need to show that they do not stand outside the cross-party consensus on national security affairs .
We believe that they need to clarify their position as soon as possible .
All political parties must send the right signals , to friend and foe alike .
Peter Clarke
Former Head , Counter Terrorism Command , Metropolitan Police and National Counter Terrorism Co-ordinator Sir Richard Dearlove
Former Chief , Secret Intelligence Service Lord Guthrie of Craigiebank
Former Chief of Defence Staff and ex-Colonel Commandant , SAS Regiment
Migrate to GRUB 2
Transitioning to a new boot loader
To most people , boot loaders are n't the most exciting aspect of an operating system , but they are extraordinarily important .
Without a functioning boot loader , nothing else works .
Currently , a transition from the old Grand Unified Bootloader ( GRUB ) Legacy tool to the new GRUB 2 is underway .
GRUB 2 is the default boot loader in Ubuntu 9.10 , and it's an option in most other major Linux distributions .
Sooner or later , other distributions will deploy GRUB 2 as the default boot loader .
Anatomy of a boot loader
Figure 1 shows the boot process as implemented by both GRUB Legacy and GRUB 2 .
The basic input / output system ( BIOS ) is the first code to run on the computer , and it 's stored in the computer 's firmware .
The BIOS loads the first sector of the boot device and executes the code it contains .
In the case of a hard disk , this first sector is also known as the master boot record ( MBR ) , and it contains both the first stage of the boot loader and the MBR partition table .
Because most disk devices use a sector size of 512 bytes , the first - stage boot loader code must be very small .
Most boot loaders , including both GRUB Legacy and GRUB 2 , place additional code elsewhere on the disk .
In the case of GRUB Legacy , this additional code is known as stage 1.5 , and it's often placed in an unallocated area immediately following the MBR .
Still more code , known as stage 2 , is stored in files in the Linux boot partition ( typically in the / boot directory ) , although Figure 1 omits these files for simplicity 's sake .
Likewise , in a multiple - operating system configuration , the secondary boot loader may store additional configuration files elsewhere .
Figure 1 . GRUB and GRUB 2 consist of several subcomponents that are loaded and run in sequence
GRUB 2 is similar to GRUB Legacy in overall form , but it eliminates stage 1.5 and implements a modular configuration approach in which code to handle various partitioning systems , file systems , and other extensions are stored in disk files — typically , in / boot / grub .
Variants on the configuration just described are possible with both GRUB Legacy and GRUB 2 .
For instance , it 's possible to install GRUB 's stage 1 code in a Linux boot partition 's first sector rather than in the MBR .
Used in this way , another boot loader resides in the MBR , and GRUB 's menu appears only when that boot loader chain - loads GRUB .
Because the Extensible Firmware Interface ( EFI ) , which is likely to eventually supplant the BIOS as standard PC firmware , provides a built - in boot loader , a configuration akin to this one is available for GRUB 2 on EFI - based systems .
If you want to replace GRUB Legacy with GRUB 2 on a working system , you must install a new GRUB 2 package , configure its files , and run a special command to have GRUB 2 replace the existing GRUB Legacy MBR and special hidden code with the GRUB 2 equivalents .
If you 're switching to GRUB 2 because you 're installing a new distribution that uses GRUB 2 as its default boot loader , you should n't need to deal with these steps .
In either case , you must understand the new GRUB 2 configuration file 's format as well as the new boot loader 's overall features .
GRUB 2's improvements
For Linux - only systems , GRUB Legacy handles the boot loader job perfectly well .
The reason for the transition has partly to do with boot loader development .
GRUB Legacy contains code that the developers consider messy and unmaintainable .
To add new features , they chose to rewrite the boot loader from scratch rather than build on such a base .
As a practical matter to systems administrators , GRUB 2 supports several features that are important now or that may become important in the future :
Platform support .
GRUB Legacy works on x86 and x86 - 64 systems only .
GRUB 2 is intended to work across a wider range of architectures , although documentation on using it on anything but x86 or x86 - 64 is scant .
It does work on PowerPC ® and Scalable Process Architecture ( SPARC ) systems , though .
GRUB Legacy works on x86 and x86 - 64 systems only .
GRUB 2 is intended to work across a wider range of architectures , although documentation on using it on anything but x86 or x86 - 64 is scant .
It does work on PowerPC ® and Scalable Process Architecture ( SPARC ) systems , though .
Firmware support .
GRUB 2 supports additional firmware types , including BIOS , EFI , and OpenFirmware .
As with support for unusual CPUs , at least some support for unusual firmware is present , but you should consider it highly experimental .
GRUB 2 supports additional firmware types , including BIOS , EFI , and OpenFirmware .
As with support for unusual CPUs , at least some support for unusual firmware is present , but you should consider it highly experimental .
Partition tables .
Officially , GRUB Legacy supports only the old MBR partitioning scheme .
Most Linux distributions , however , ship with versions of GRUB Legacy that incorporate unofficial GUID Partition Table ( GPT ) support .
GRUB 2 includes official GPT support .
Officially , GRUB Legacy supports only the old MBR partitioning scheme .
Most Linux distributions , however , ship with versions of GRUB Legacy that incorporate unofficial GUID Partition Table ( GPT ) support .
GRUB 2 includes official GPT support .
RAID and LVM .
GRUB
Legacy does n't support software - based redundant array of independent disks ( RAID ) or Logical Volume Manager ( LVM ) configurations .
This means that you must have at least one file system in a standard partition ( or in a RAID 1 configuration ) so that GRUB Legacy can read its configuration files .
GRUB 2 supports Linux 's forms of RAID and LVM .
Thus , you can configure your system with nothing but RAID or LVM partitions .
GRUB
Legacy does n't support software - based redundant array of independent disks ( RAID ) or Logical Volume Manager ( LVM ) configurations .
This means that you must have at least one file system in a standard partition ( or in a RAID 1 configuration ) so that GRUB Legacy can read its configuration files .
GRUB 2 supports Linux 's forms of RAID and LVM .
Thus , you can configure your system with nothing but RAID or LVM partitions .
File system support .
To read configuration files , GRUB must be able to read the file system in which such files are stored .
GRUB
Legacy supports fewer than a dozen file systems , including the Second Extended Filesystem ( ext2fs ) , File Allocation Table ( FAT ) , Journaling File System ( JFS ) , ReiserFS , and Extents File System ( XFS ) .
For a Linux - only system , file system support in GRUB 2 is similar to that in GRUB Legacy ; however , GRUB 2 supports some additional non-Linux file systems , such as Apple 's Hierarchical File System Plus ( HFS + ) , Microsoft 's NTFS file system , and Sun's ZFS .
To read configuration files , GRUB must be able to read the file system in which such files are stored .
GRUB
Legacy supports fewer than a dozen file systems , including the Second Extended Filesystem ( ext2fs ) , File Allocation Table ( FAT ) , Journaling File System ( JFS ) , ReiserFS , and Extents File System ( XFS ) .
For a Linux - only system , file system support in GRUB 2 is similar to that in GRUB Legacy ; however , GRUB 2 supports some additional non-Linux file systems , such as Apple 's Hierarchical File System Plus ( HFS + ) , Microsoft 's NTFS file system , and Sun's ZFS .
Kernel support .
GRUB Legacy can directly boot Linux , FreeBSD , NetBSD , OpenBSD , and all operating systems that follow the Multiboot Specification , which includes the GNU HURD kernel , OpenSolaris , and a few others .
GRUB 2 can directly boot all these same kernels plus XNU ( the Mac OS X and Darwin kernel ) .
Booting other operating systems , such as Windows® , requires both GRUB Legacy and GRUB 2 to chain - load another boot loader .
Configuring GRUB 2
If you 're already familiar with GRUB Legacy , you 'll find that the GRUB 2 configuration file is similar in broad strokes , but it varies in many details .
You should be aware of alternative means of configuring GRUB 2 , as well .
An example configuration file
The default location for the GRUB 2 configuration file is / boot / grub / grub.cfg .
Some Linux distributions use / boot / grub2 / grub.cfg instead , enabling side - by - side GRUB Legacy and GRUB 2 installations .
Listing 1 shows a sample GRUB 2 configuration file .
Listing 1 . Sample GRUB 2 configuration file
set timeout=10 set default=0 menuentry " Linux ( 2.6.32.2 kernel ) " { set root =( hd 1,8 ) linux / bzImage - 2.6.32.2 ro root=/dev/sdb4 initrd /initramfs-x86_64-2.6.32.2 } menuentry " Windows 7 " { set root = ( hd 1,2 ) parttool ( hd0,1 ) hidden + parttool ( hd 1,5 ) hidden - chainloader +1 }
If you 're familiar with GRUB Legacy , you 'll find this basic GRUB 2 configuration file similar .
As with GRUB Legacy configuration files , the GRUB 2 file begins with a section that sets various global options — in this case , setting a timeout value to 10 seconds and setting the default menu entry .
The file continues with a series of menu entries .
The form of these entries is different from those for GRUB Legacy , but the purpose is the same : Each defines a single operating system or boot variant , such as a different Linux kernel .
Each menu entry begins with the keyword menuentry followed by a name in quotation marks , which appears in the GRUB 2 menu .
The options that relate to that menu entry appear between curly braces ( {} ) .
Configuration file changes
Several changes between the configuration file formats of GRUB Legacy and GRUB 2 deserve mention :
GRUB 2 uses the set keyword and an equal sign ( = ) between the names of options and their values .
Equivalent options in GRUB
Legacy omit both the set keyword and the equal sign .
keyword and an equal sign ( ) between the names of options and their values .
Equivalent options in GRUB
Legacy omit both the keyword and the equal sign .
In GRUB Legacy , menu entries begin with the keyword title , and the text up to the end of the line is the title .
The remainder of the menu entry definition appears on the following lines , with no curly braces defining it ; an entry ends with the start of the next menu definition .
, and the text up to the end of the line is the title .
The remainder of the menu entry definition appears on the following lines , with no curly braces defining it ; an entry ends with the start of the next menu definition .
GRUB
Legacy uses the kernel keyword to specify a Linux kernel ; GRUB 2 uses linux , instead .
keyword to specify a Linux kernel ; GRUB 2 uses , instead .
Some more specific option names have changed .
For instance , Listing 1 uses the new parttool command , which can perform simple partition manipulations , in the Windows 7 definition .
Listing 1 uses this feature to hide or reveal certain partitions so as to control which partitions Windows 7 attempts to mount .
The equivalent commands in GRUB Legacy are hide and unhide .
Another change is extremely important but not obvious from Listing 1 : Partitions are numbered starting from 1 in GRUB 2 , whereas partition numbering begins with 0 in GRUB Legacy .
An equivalent change in disk numbering is not implemented .
Thus , the first partition on the first disk is ( hd0,0 ) in GRUB Legacy , but the same partition is ( hd0,1 ) in GRUB 2 .
You should pay careful attention to this detail , because it 's a major source of potential problems !
Using new GRUB 2 features
Of course , GRUB 2 implements many new features .
Some of these have little bearing on a standard Linux installation or do n't directly affect the configuration file .
Some important options you might need to adjust include the following :
GRUB 2's modular nature means that you can explicitly load modules to support various features .
The insmod keyword loads a named module , as in insmod lvm , which loads LVM support .
Modules are stored in / boot / grub , and their file names end in .mod .
In many cases , explicit use of insmod is n't necessary , because GRUB 2 auto - loads most modules ; however , you may need to manually load a module on occasion .
keyword loads a named module , as in , which loads LVM support .
Modules are stored in / boot / grub , and their file names end in .mod .
In many cases , explicit use of is n't necessary , because GRUB 2 auto - loads most modules ; however , you may need to manually load a module on occasion .
GRUB 2 implements new scripting features to enable saving data , taking actions conditionally , and so on .
These features are as yet poorly documented ; however , they are similar to bash scripting features in syntax .
Alternative methods of reconfiguring GRUB 2
Ubuntu 9.10 uses the grub - mkconfig utility and its matching scripts in /etc / grub.d to automatically rewrite the / boot / grub / grub.cfg file upon system installation .
This script could be run without your knowledge after a kernel upgrade or certain other actions , too .
Thus , you should be careful to make backups of your grub.cfg file if you make manual changes to it .
In some cases , deliberately running grub - mkconfig may be in order .
If you 've got a default configuration but you 've just added a new kernel to your system , this might be enough to detect the new kernel and add it to your GRUB 2 configuration file .
If you need to make more specific changes , you could directly edit the files in /etc / grub.d .
These files are actually bash scripts .
Each one tells the system how to locate specific types of kernels or operating systems and add appropriate entries to / boot / grub / grub.cfg .
An additional file referred to by grub - mkconfig is / etc / default / grub .
This file holds global defaults for the final / boot / grub / grub.cfg file .
Third parties have written some tools and scripts to help manage GRUB 2 installations .
One example is the StartUp Manager .
This graphical user interface ( GUI ) tool ships with Ubuntu and provides a point - and - click interface for managing both GRUB Legacy and GRUB 2 installations .
Installing and using GRUB 2
GRUB 2 , like GRUB Legacy , must be installed once .
Thereafter , the boot loader reads its / boot / grub / grub.cfg file to present the boot menu to you .
Prior to installation , though , you may want to consider your partition layout .
After installing GRUB 2 , you should be aware of some basic features for boot - time operation .
Preparing partitions for GRUB 2
No special preparation is required to install GRUB 2 on a disk that uses the MBR partitioning scheme .
The same is technically true of GPT ; however , if a GPT disk includes a BIOS boot partition , GRUB 2 will store extra code in that partition .
If the BIOS boot partition is not present , GRUB 2 instead relies on a list of disk sectors that correspond to a file in your / boot directory .
If you ever adjust that file system , the sector list may become invalid , resulting in GRUB 's inability to boot .
Thus , use of a BIOS boot partition is strongly recommended on GPT disks .
Your BIOS boot partition should be at least 31 KB in size .
Making it bigger will do no harm and could be useful should GRUB 's needs change in the future .
In recent versions of GNU Parted , you can set the bios_grub option on a partition to turn it into a BIOS boot partition .
In GPT fdisk , change the partition type code to EF02 .
Installing GRUB 2
You install GRUB 2 to a disk 's MBR in the same way as GRUB , using the grub - install command .
( Some distributions rename this command to grub2 - install . )
Pass the command the name of the disk device to which you want to install it — typically , / dev/sda or / dev/hda .
You can normally install GRUB Legacy to a partition 's boot sector ( such as / dev/ sda4 ) by typing :
grub-install /dev/sda4
( changing the partition device file name as necessary ) .
This does n't work with GRUB 2 , though .
You may be able to overcome this problem by typing :
grub-setup -- force /dev/sda4
( changing the device file name as necessary ) ; however , this method does n't always work .
Run time GRUB 2 use
During normal use , GRUB 2 works much like GRUB Legacy :
When you boot the computer , just after the BIOS performs its checks , a menu of operating system and kernel options appears .
You choose the one you want to boot using the arrow keys , and then press Enter .
If you make no selection , the default may be booted , depending on the configuration file options .
If an entry does n't work , you may be able to make a one - time change to it by using GRUB 2 edit mode .
Instead of pressing the Enter key to boot an entry , press the E key to edit it .
You 'll see a simple editor that accepts Emacs - like editing options .
When you 're done , press Ctrl - X to boot your altered entry .
If GRUB 2 can't locate its configuration file , it will present you with a grub > prompt .
You can type GRUB 2 commands , including those you would use in a menu entry in the configuration file .
If you 're familiar enough with GRUB 2 , you may be able to get your computer to boot .
Unfortunately , a complete description of troubleshooting using GRUB 2's command - line mode would be several times the length of this article .
Should you use GRUB 2 ?
The most compelling reasons for using GRUB 2 are if you 're using a distribution that installs it by default or you need access to one of its unusual features , such as the ability to directly boot an XNU kernel .
In most other cases , GRUB 2 offers few or no advantages over GRUB Legacy .
One in - between case is if you 've used GPT on a BIOS - based computer .
GRUB 2 supports this configuration , but the standard GRUB Legacy does not .
Patched versions of GRUB Legacy with GPT support are available and ship with most modern distributions , but you may prefer using a boot loader with official GPT support .
The bottom line is this :
If what you have installed already works , it 's best to keep using it .
Changing boot loaders can render a system unbootable , and correcting that problem is a tedious proposition .
That said , GRUB 2 is likely to supplant GRUB Legacy moving forward , so you may want to familiarize yourself with GRUB 2 , if only on a test system or virtual machine .
Sooner or later , you may find that your GRUB configuration file format has changed , because your distribution has changed its boot loader .
A little advance research will help you weather this change with minimal fuss .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Yahoo Sports
James was n't interested in celebrating the Lakers ' Game 1 NBA
Finals victory over the Heat .
He 's focused on the ultimate goal .
Enlarge By Kazuhiro Nogi , AFP / Getty Images Toshiyuki Shiga , of Japan 's Nissan Motor , demonstrates charging the Nissan Leaf electric vehicle .
Electric - vehicle provisions in federal fuel - economy and emission rules announced Thursday already threaten to shatter the uneasy truce among automakers , environmentalists and the Obama administration .
The rules , proposed by the Obama administration in the fall , set a 35.5 mpg average for the U.S. auto industry by 2016 .
One of the only questions that remained about the final rules was how automakers would be credited for their electric vehicles in meeting emissions goals .
Credits could be used by an automaker to offset emissions by its non-electric vehicles .
In an apparent compromise , the Environmental Protection Agency capped at 200,000 per maker the number of electric vehicles that could be credited with a 0 - gram rating for carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) through 2016 .
Additional EVs would be charged some responsibility for the CO 2 created while producing the electricity to charge them .
Some environmentalists say the credits will reward automakers for building cars they would have built anyway .
But the Union of Concerned Scientists ' Jim Kliesch says at least regulators put a limit on the credits — to do otherwise would " significantly erode " the savings .
" The issue is really : We want a true accounting of emissions , " he says .
" If substantial credit is given , it should not continue " forever .
Gloria Bergquist , spokeswoman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers , which favored no limit , says capping the credits impedes President Obama 's goal of having a million electric cars on the road by 2015 .
Automakers also argue that emissions not created by operation of the vehicles should n't be their problem .
" There is no precedent for holding companies responsible for the CO 2 generated by electric utilities .
We do not determine what happens from the plug to the utility plant , " Bergquist says .
" It 's unfair to base our compliance on what is entirely outside our control . "
The alliance , which represents all major automakers except Honda , notes the industry will sell 12 million vehicles this year and at least 60 million from 2012 through 2016 .
That makes the 200,000 cap unrealistically low , Bergquist says .
Nissan alone plans to build 150,000 of its electric Leaf in 2012 .
But to ignore all of the emissions associated with EVs " would be poor public policy , " Kliesch says .
" These vehicles , despite their name , do produce emissions .
They just do n't do it at the tailpipe . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Authorities in Toulouse in the south - west of France are considering a proposal to install " pavement power " technology that would use the energy provided by pedestrians to generate electricity to run the street lamps .
A trial section of eight modules already installed in the city produces 50 - 60 watts , which is enough to power a nearby street lamp .
Deputy mayor Alexandre Marciel , who is also responsible for sustainable development in the city , said the idea has been around for some time but has never been made a reality before , so the project is a world first .
The pavement modules were developed by a Dutch company , Sustainable Dance Club , which supplies illuminated dance floors lit by the energy of the dancers .
The first installation was at a dance club , “ Club Watt ” in Rotterdam last year .
The modules have embedded microsensors that generate electricity through the piezo effect when squeezed by pressure exerted on them by dancers on the floor above ( or in the Toulouse case , pedestrians on the pavement above ) .
Marciel said that energy is wasted in the public sphere , and it would be good to cut back the waste .
He said it would be some time before the system would be feasible , and there had been problems because the initial prototype modules were designed for energetic dancers and did not work for strolling pedestrians .
A model was then developed that does work for people walking normally , but the expense of the pavement modules is still a deterrent .
Marciel said the idea was well worth pursuing “ in cities where the political will was strong ” .
Sustainable Dance Club diagram
There has been a great deal of interest in the SDC system , with a football stadium in Rotterdam recently signing up for a pilot scheme .
SDC ’s marketing director , Jaap van den Braak , said there were several other projects under consideration for using modules in high traffic areas such as sports facilities and stations .
The pedestrian power project is part of a broad effort to place Toulouse , which is known as the technological and aeronautical hub of France , at the forefront of sustainable technology in the country .
Marciel said the city was on a mission to become the capital of practical innovation that responds to the needs of the population .
More information : Sustainable Dance Club - Sustainable Dance Club - www.sustainabledanceclub.com
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
British Roman Catholic Bishop Richard Williamson has been convicted in a German court of denying the Holocaust in a television interview .
A court in the Bavarian city of Regensburg on Friday found Williamson guilty of incitement for saying in a 2008 interview with Swedish TV that he did not believe Jews were killed in gas chambers during the Second World War .
Roman Catholic Bishop Richard Williamson , shown in an interview with Sweden 's public broadcaster , said in 2008 that historical evidence " is hugely against six million Jews having been deliberately gassed in gas chambers . "
( ( SVT / Associated Press ) )
Denying the Holocaust is a criminal offence in Germany .
The court ordered Williamson to pay a fine equivalent to $ 13,670 Cdn .
The ultra -conservative bishop was barred by his church order from attending Friday 's proceedings or making statements to the media .
He belongs to the controversial Society of St. Pius X .
His lawyer , Matthias Lossmann , said after the court ruling that Williamson has yet to decide whether he will appeal .
In the interview , Williamson said historical evidence " is hugely against six million Jews having been deliberately gassed in gas chambers as a deliberate policy of Adolf Hitler . "
The court last year ordered Williamson to pay a fine equal to $ 16,404 Cdn and avoid a trial .
He appealed , forcing his case to be tried publicly .
Lossmann said Williamson , who lives in Britain , had explicitly asked the Swedish television crew conducting the interview not to broadcast it in Germany .
Shown through internet
In issuing her ruling , Judge Karin Frahm reduced Williamson 's fine , saying the bishop could not have expected the clip to show up on YouTube and be seen directly in Germany through the internet , court spokesman Bernhard Schneider said .
The contentious interview aired in January 2009 , just days before Pope Benedict XVI reinstated Williamson after 20 years of excommunication .
The Vatican had imposed the church 's most severe discipline , excommunication , on Williamson and three other bishops 20 years ago because they had been elevated to bishop 's rank by a renegade , ultra - conservative church official , the late archbishop Marcel Lefebvre .
The decision to reinstate Williamson sparked outrage in the world 's Jewish community and prompted German Chancellor Angela Merkel to make a rare and public demand that Benedict make a " very clear " rejection of Holocaust denials .
On Friday , the American Gathering of Holocaust Survivors said it welcomed the ruling as " a symbol of modern German determination to prohibit the dissemination of Holocaust denial on its soil . "
Six million Jews were killed during the Nazi Holocaust , many of them slain in gas chambers .
A year ago , I wrote about how Cablevision , my cable company , had quietly begun installing Wi -Fi hot spots all over its market area : New York , New Jersey and Connecticut .
These hot spots began popping up in all the public areas : shopping centers , main streets , train stations , parks , marinas and sports complexes .
The best part : these hot spots are free to anyone who subscribes to Internet service from Cablevision at home .
Over the year , the signal has only gotten better .
In my Connecticut town , it 's absolutely amazing how often that " Optimum Wi-Fi " hot spot shows up on my menu bar , ready for free connecting .
Once you 've introduced your gadget to the network ( laptop , app phone like a BlackBerry or an iPhone , iPod Touch or iPad ) , you never have to log in again .
No name , password or Web page login screen .
You 're just always online , wherever you go in town .
Meanwhile , other big cable companies have been installing free Wi-Fi networks for their own customers .
This is all good news - but not as good as the announcement that landed last week .
Starting now , any New York , New Jersey or Connecticut customer of Cablevision , Time Warner or Comcast can use any of those companies ' hot spots .
Astrophysicists are looking everywhere -- inside the Large Hadron Collider , in deep mines and far out into space -- for evidence of dark matter , which makes up about 25 percent of the energy density of the universe .
Despite the recent tantalizing observation of excess high - energy positrons -- thought to be due to dark matter -- UC Irvine researchers say we 're not quite there yet .
Models predict that when dark - matter particles collide , they 'll annihilate some of the time into electrons and positrons , said Manoj Kaplinghat , physics & astronomy associate professor .
Scientists working on a satellite experiment called PAMELA recently identified a large excess of positrons , causing a flurry of excitement about having detected dark matter .
Kaplinghat -- working with Jonathan Feng , UCI physics & astronomy professor , and Hai- Bo Yu , postdoctoral researcher -- evaluated the dark - matter explanation for the PAMELA finding .
" What we concluded is that the detection of so many positrons makes it unlikely they 're all from dark matter , " Kaplinghat said .
The UCI study sharpens predictions of what scientists can expect to detect from the annihilation of dark - matter particles in our galaxy .
While it shows that currently popular models cannot account for the excess positrons observed , it leaves open the possibility that discovery of dark - matter evidence could be right around the corner , perhaps within reach of current and planned experiments .
The UCI team 's study was published April 15 in Physical Review Letters .
Worldwide and at UCI , the hunt for dark matter is in full swing .
In the 17 - mile - long tunnel of the Large Hadron Collider near Geneva , Switzerland , scientists are smashing together subatomic particles at nearly light speed in a quest for insight into the nature of the universe .
In dark mine shafts , researchers are registering faint hints of subatomic particles that they surmise could be dark matter .
There are satellite , balloon - borne and ground - based endeavors to find high - energy gamma rays , neutrinos and antimatter that could be signatures of dark - matter particles .
Success in these multipronged efforts would bring astronomers closer to identifying the invisible material that constitutes a quarter of the world and determines the architecture of the visible universe .
And physicists would have the first evidence supporting the theory that all forces of nature can be unified under one mathematical expression .
" For now , we 're left with no convincing dark - matter explanation for excess positrons , " Yu said .
" Data from the LHC and experiments deep underground , on the Antarctic ice and in space will throw more light on these issues in the next couple of years -- and perhaps we 'll even detect the dark - matter particle . "
Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse , the writer - producers in charge of Lost , did the right thing with the big finale .
To repeat a line uttered by John Locke during last night ’s episode , a line spoken earlier this season by the character Juliet Burke : “ It worked . ”
To be sure , Lindelof and Cuse gave their fans a puzzling , ambiguous ending in the form of the elegiac , 20 - minute sequence that punctuated the six - season series ; but they also came up with a fitting last chapter that makes enough sense not to be considered a cheat or an evasion .
To read the extended version of Jim Windolf ’s Lost profile , download the Vanity Fair Magazine app for iPad , iPhone , and iPod touch .
The reaction was split in my household .
My younger son , a diehard fan , age 12 , stormed off the couch at 11:30 p.m. , further expressing his displeasure by slamming his bedroom door .
He returned to say , in so many words , that he was disappointed that the show had n’t tied up its wild plot strands ; maybe he was hoping for a more rousing and settled conclusion ; furthermore , I think , he was saddened by the sight of Dr. Jack Shephard ’s breathing his last in the bamboo , with the dog Vincent lying beside him as he died .
It ’s always a killer , when they bring out the dog , and I was n’t sure if that move was a cheap shot or not .
On the other hand , a dog ’s opinion of someone ’s death ( sad but accepting ) seems like a worthwhile thing to think about .
My 12 - year - old son also may have been transforming his sadness over Jack ’s death into anger and frustration with the show ’s writers , in the same way that fans of Sherlock Holmes were pissed at Arthur Conan Doyle when he killed off his most famous character .
Although she did n’t storm away from the TV in a huff , my wife was also not so thrilled with the ending .
She felt the writers had copped out .
My older son , age 15 , watched the finale at a friend ’s house among those of his kind ( fellow teenagers ) .
When he got back , we asked him what he thought , and he said he did n’t want to talk about it .
My wife looked at me and said , “ Who ’s he — you ? ”
This was a reference to the fact that , on our first real date , back in 1984 , I had refused to discuss the movie we had just seen together ( Paris , Texas ) , telling her , self - importantly , that I did n’t want to ruin it by analyzing it , or some such sophomoric crapola ( I was 20 ) , which I probably threw out there as a way of trying to seem deep and mysterious .
It did n’t work ; I still have n’t heard the end of it .
Anyway , as dumb a kid as I might have been back in 1984 , I still understood my older son ’s mute reaction : the final minutes of Lost had taken us into irrational territory ; and talking about that stuff , as I ’m doing now , does indeed detract from the experience somewhat .
It ’s like new peanut butter .
When you twist off the lid the first time , the surface looks so pretty and perfect ; if you want to eat it , however , you have to stick the knife in , thereby destroying what ’s pretty about it .
So , yeah , talking about the ending of Lost , like I ’m doing now , will inevitably ruin it , to some degree , but it ’s the only way we ’ll get to eat it .
So what happened ?
In a nutshell , this :
At the end of last season , the main characters set off a hydrogen bomb on the island , which seemingly blasted them out of the 1970s and back to the year 2007 .
All during the final season , I had been under the false impression that the bomb - detonation had created the alternate universe the show ’s minders have labeled the “ flash - sideways ” world .
In this strange realm , the plane crash that had brought the show ’s characters together had never occurred ; and in this “ flash - sideways ” place , they kept running into one another while going about their slightly more humdrum lives in Los Angeles .
Major banks have masked their risk levels in the past five quarters by temporarily lowering their debt just before reporting it to the public , according to data from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
A group of 18 banks — which includes Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Morgan Stanley , J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. , Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup Inc.— understated the debt levels used to fund securities trades by lowering them an average of 42 % at the end of each of the past five quarterly periods , the data show .
The banks , which ...
WASHINGTON — The Interior Department said Friday that the greater sage grouse , a dweller of the high plains of the American West , was facing extinction but would not be designated an endangered species for now .
Yet the decision in essence reverses a 2004 determination by the Bush administration that the sage grouse did not need protection , a decision that a federal court later ruled was tainted by political tampering with the Interior Department ’s scientific conclusions .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , a conservative Democrat from a Colorado ranching family , sought to carve a middle course between conservationists who wanted ironclad protections for the ground - hugging bird and industry interests and landowners who sought the ability to locate mines , wells , windmills and power lines in areas where the grouse roam .
Mr. Salazar said that scientists at the United States Fish and Wildlife Service had concluded that the sage grouse deserved inclusion on the endangered species list but that other species were facing more imminent threats , leading the government to assign the bird a status known as “ warranted but precluded . ”
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
April 25th , 2010
If Martians fell from the sky
What would that do to God ?
Would we put the weapon down
Or aim it up at the sky
No one would believe it
Except the fucking nut jobs
They ’d laugh and cry
“ We told you so ! ”
Dave Matthews Band — Time Bomb
The mainstream media is , increasingly , driving the meme that we need to prepare for a hostile alien invasion .
Apply simple logic to this :
Would humanity , with our petroleum powered junk buckets and pop guns , be capable of defending the Earth against extraterrestrials who can skip from star to star , or warp space , etc ?
The answer is obvious :
No way .
Here ’s a more likely scenario :
The usual suspects are looking to sink their blood funnels into new and improved multi-billion dollar boondoggles .
A fake alien invasion would be the ultimate false flag operation , but with the success of 9/11 , why not shoot for the stars ?
Via : Times :
THE aliens are out there and Earth had better watch out , at least according to Stephen Hawking .
He has suggested that extraterrestrials are almost certain to exist — but that instead of seeking them out , humanity should be doing all it that can to avoid any contact .
The suggestions come in a new documentary series in which Hawking , one of the world ’s leading scientists , will set out his latest thinking on some of the universe ’s greatest mysteries .
Alien life , he will suggest , is almost certain to exist in many other parts of the universe : not just in planets , but perhaps in the centre of stars or even floating in interplanetary space .
Hawking ’s logic on aliens is , for him , unusually simple .
The universe , he points out , has 100 billion galaxies , each containing hundreds of millions of stars .
In such a big place , Earth is unlikely to be the only planet where life has evolved .
“ To my mathematical brain , the numbers alone make thinking about aliens perfectly rational , ” he said .
“ The real challenge is to work out what aliens might actually be like . ”
The answer , he suggests , is that most of it will be the equivalent of microbes or simple animals — the sort of life that has dominated Earth for most of its history .
One scene in his documentary for the Discovery Channel shows herds of two - legged herbivores browsing on an alien cliff - face where they are picked off by flying , yellow lizard - like predators .
Another shows glowing fluorescent aquatic animals forming vast shoals in the oceans thought to underlie the thick ice coating Europa , one of the moons of Jupiter .
Such scenes are speculative , but Hawking uses them to lead on to a serious point : that a few life forms could be intelligent and pose a threat .
Hawking believes that contact with such a species could be devastating for humanity .
He suggests that aliens might simply raid Earth for its resources and then move on : “ We only have to look at ourselves to see how intelligent life might develop into something we would n’t want to meet .
I imagine they might exist in massive ships , having used up all the resources from their home planet .
Such advanced aliens would perhaps become nomads , looking to conquer and colonise whatever planets they can reach . ”
He concludes that trying to make contact with alien races is “ a little too risky ” .
He said : “ If aliens ever visit us , I think the outcome would be much as when Christopher Columbus first landed in America , which did n’t turn out very well for the Native Americans . ”
The completion of the documentary marks a triumph for Hawking , now 68 , who is paralysed by motor neurone disease and has very limited powers of communication .
The project took him and his producers three years , during which he insisted on rewriting large chunks of the script and checking the filming .
John Smithson , executive producer for Discovery , said : “ He wanted to make a programme that was entertaining for a general audience as well as scientific and that ’s a tough job , given the complexity of the ideas involved . ”
Hawking has suggested the possibility of alien life before but his views have been clarified by a series of scientific breakthroughs , such as the discovery , since 1995 , of more than 450 planets orbiting distant stars , showing that planets are a common phenomenon .
So far , all the new planets found have been far larger than Earth , but only because the telescopes used to detect them are not sensitive enough to detect Earth - sized bodies at such distances .
Another breakthrough is the discovery that life on Earth has proven able to colonise its most extreme environments .
If life can survive and evolve there , scientists reason , then perhaps nowhere is out of bounds .
Hawking ’s belief in aliens places him in good scientific company .
In his recent Wonders of the Solar System BBC series , Professor Brian Cox backed the idea , too , suggesting Mars , Europa and Titan , a moon of Saturn , as likely places to look .
Similarly , Lord Rees , the astronomer royal , warned in a lecture earlier this year that aliens might prove to be beyond human understanding .
“ I suspect there could be life and intelligence out there in forms we can’t conceive , ” he said .
“ Just as a chimpanzee ca n’t understand quantum theory , it could be there are aspects of reality that are beyond the capacity of our brains . ”
ATHENS — Greece 's fiscal crisis took a new turn to violence Wednesday when three people died in a firebomb attack amid a paralyzing national strike , while governments from Spain to the U.S. took steps to prevent the widening financial damage from hitting their own economies .
U.S. Treasury officials have been quietly urging their European and International Monetary Fund counterparts to put together a Greek rescue plan more quickly to contain the damage , it emerged Wednesday , as U.S. policy makers worry the continent 's problems ...
There is nothing quite like the delight of growing your own vegetables .
Growing your own vegetables organically ensures healthful produce and saves you the high prices of organically grown produce at the grocery store .
Different vegetables require different conditions to thrive .
The table below provides general guidelines for growing vegetables .
Read More :
Most Famous Gardeners Across the World
( Click on the Image for the Larger view . )
JERUSALEM ( AFP ) – The Israeli army released footage on Monday of the resistance put up by pro-Palestinian activists as commandos stormed an aid ship headed to Gaza in an operation that has sparked a diplomatic furor .
Video images showed troops rappelling down to the deck of one of the vessels in the aid flotilla and coming under repeated attack by a group of people waving poles and chairs .
ADVERTISEMENT
As a black - clad figure climbs down a rope from a chopper , someone on deck lobs a projectile at him and a group of baton - wielding passengers converge on him as he drops to the ground in chaotic scenes in which it appears that the passengers had the upper hand .
In the black - and - white footage , which appears to have been shot from a nearby vessel , at least six passengers can be seen on the deck of the vessel , repeatedly raising their sticks and forcefully hitting something or someone out of shot on the ground .
As the scenes of violence unfold , soldiers watching the operation from the nearby ship can be heard speaking in Hebrew .
“ They ’re really beating them badly , ” one says .
Among the crowd of at least 20 or so passengers milling around on the deck , at least two can be seen pushing one of the Israeli commandos over the railing onto a lower deck , pulling some kind of kit off his back as he falls .
“ Wow , they ’ve thrown a fighter over the edge , ” another voice says .
“ They ’ve just shoved him over . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Another demonstrator can be seen waving a white chair over his head in the melee , which also shows one commando pointing what appears to be a paint - ball gun at the passengers .
Israel has come under furious attack from countries across the globe in the wake of the attack which left at least nine protesters dead , most of them reportedly Turkish .
Much of the criticism has focused on Israel ’s use of live ammunition against the pro-Palestinian activists who were in international waters as they sought to run the blockade Israel has imposed on Gaza since the Islamist Hamas movement seized control of the territory in 2007 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The following two videos were posted by IDF at Youtube :
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video is from AFP :
British atheists want Pope arrested when he visits Great Britain
The Tower Of London , perhaps the Pope ’s new residence
Prominent British atheists Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens have hired lawyers to investigate the possibility of prosecuting the Pope for crimes against humanity , their attorney confirmed today .
The pair are arguing that Pope Benedict XVI should be arrested when he visits Britain in September and put on trial for his alleged cover - up of sexual abuse in the Catholic church .
Last week a letter emerged from 1985 in which the then Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger urged that a paedophilic priest in America not be defrocked for the “ good of the universal church ” .
The Vatican has already suggested the pope is immune from prosecution because he is a head of state .
But Dawkins and Hitchens believe that because he is not the head of a state with full United Nations membership , he does not hold immunity and could be arrested when he steps on to British soil .
This is the advice they have been given by their lawyers – solicitor Mark Stephens and human rights barrister Geoffrey Robertson QC .
“ I ’m convinced we can get over the threshold of immunity , ” said Stephens .
“ The Vatican is not recognised as a state in international law .
People assume that it has existed for time immemorial but it was a construct of Mussolini , and when the Vatican first applied to become a member of the UN , the US said no .
So as a sop they were given the status of permanent observers rather than full members . ”
Stephens said there are three lines of approach to put the pope in the dock .
“ One is that we apply for a warrant to the international criminal court .
Alternatively , criminal proceedings could be brought here , either a public prosecution brought by the Crown Prosecution Service or a private prosecution .
That would require at least one victim to come forward who is either from this jurisdiction or was abused here .
The third option is for individuals to lodge civil claims , ” said Stephens .
Richard Dawkins ( The God Delusion ) and Christopher Hitchens ( God Is Not Great ) are long time critics of organized religion especially the Roman Catholic church .
In Sunday ’s Washington Post , Dawkins called Pope Benedict “ A leering old villain in a frock , who spent decades conspiring behind closed doors for the position he now holds ; a man who believes he is infallible and acts the part ; a man whose preaching of scientific falsehood is responsible for the deaths of countless AIDS victims in Africa ; a man whose first instinct when his priests are caught with their pants down is to cover up the scandal and damn the young victims to silence . . . ”
Should be interesting when the attorneys appeal for an arrest warrant for a visiting head of state , even though the Pope is more hat than head , and Vatican City is smaller than the National Mall in Washington DC .
The Pope will most likely be able to go to Britain without fear of being thrown in the Tower of London , but if this thing gains ground , come September when the Papal visit is due , do n’t be surprised if Benedict comes down with a bad case of something , those cells in the Tower are cold , so very cold .
SOURCE
Embracing the Chaos : Freedom as the Cornerstone for Open World Mission Design
By James Hague
[ The design director of Volition / THQ's expansive open world action title Red Faction : Guerrilla talks about the transition from being scared of player freedom to truly embracing it , including several case studies of specific missions in the game and they evolved to support meaningful player interaction . ]
Designers create experiences for the player .
That 's a loose enough definition that there 's little room for debate .
But how much control is implied by that short phrase " create experiences " ?
Does that mean micromanaging the moment to moment play ?
There 's a school of thought that says that 's what designers do , and many of us believe it .
And for some types of games it is true .
Then there are open world games .
Crafted from the dust of early computer role playing games -- the original open world designs -- the goal is n't to tightly control the player experience , but rather to build a world and turn the player loose in it .
Give the player the freedom to choose his or her own path .
Provide meaningful options .
Encourage experimentation .
Carrying over the hand - holding approach of linear storytelling games does n't work ; an open world is more than just a lobby for starting linear missions .
To truly fit into the open world model , missions have to provide the same sense of freedom that the world itself provides .
And to make that work takes a change of mindset .
It means letting go of being a control freak and instead embracing the chaos that 's inherent in open world design .
There 's a certain fear here .
Much like some paranoid graphics programmers thought that their worlds were crashing down when texture mapping moved to hardware , some designers feel that they 're being outsourced to code - driven systems .
That fear is unfounded , even in the games that go to extremes to maximize openness .
I was the design director at Volition for Red Faction : Guerrilla .
If ever there was a game that struck terror into the heart of a design team , that was it .
Not only was it open world , but every single wall and fence , every door , every building -- including the ceiling and structural frame -- could be damaged and completely destroyed in arbitrary ways .
A tower could fall sideways onto a two story building , tearing through the roof and drilling straight down to the ground floor .
A vehicle could explode on a bridge , making the bridge unusable for other traffic .
Rubble from a building could fall in the road , preventing reinforcement personnel carriers from getting where they needed to go .
And none of this was perfectly predictable , being at the mercy of dozens variables going through the destruction engine .
That tower could have just sheared off the outside wall , depending on the exact forces that caused it to topple .
That vehicle could have exploded off to the side of the bridge , still creating a large hole , but one that can be navigated around .
That rubble might have blocked doorways instead of the road , or even killed your attackers .
How can you even begin to control the player when all bets are off , when the traditional ploys of locking a door or blocking an alternate path with a chain - link fence do n't work ?
But that 's the extreme case .
Before considering that , let 's go back to the first problem :
How to build an open world mission that emphasizes player freedom ?
Open World Mission Basics
Linear missions may be a comfortable design technique , because there 's a long history of them in games , but they 're not easy to build .
The more we try to control what the player sees and does , the more we try to be cinematic , the more effort it takes .
It does n't take much thought to poke holes in a hyper - linear mission .
What if the player is looking the other way when an important event occurs ?
What if the player is still fighting bad guys when he crosses an important dialogue trigger ?
Should that dialogue play during heavy combat ?
Go too far down this road and you might get frustrated : " All that work I put into that scripted event , and half the people playing did n't even see it ! "
You can fix that by taking away player control and locking the camera , but all this micro-directing of the mission gets to be expensive : every minute of gameplay has a fixed content creation cost associated with it .
As harsh as it may seem , to embrace the freedom inherent in open world games you need to stop caring .
You can't control what the player experiences every moment .
That 's not a failure ; it's what comes with letting the player do what he wants .
The key to designing an open world mission is to identify -- and avoid -- places where the player thinking for himself could break things , and that means looking places where time is a dependency .
Usually these show up as the word " then " in the spec .
" Collect three sandwiches " is dependency free .
" Collect three sandwiches , then find a picnic basket " is n't .
You can't collect the picnic basket first ?
The worst case is " find the ham sandwich , then the egg salad sandwich , then the grilled cheese sandwich . "
Now there 's no player choice , and there also more questions .
Does the grilled cheese sandwich even exist in the world before you 've picked up the first two ?
These are the kinds of questions that any good quality assurance team is going to press you for answers on .
Most time dependencies involve a player gating mechanism .
" First find the key to the museum , then get the mammoth tusk from the natural history wing . "
There 's no worry about collecting the tusk before the key , because the door to the museum is the gating mechanism .
( Unless your game lets you knock the door off its hinges or smash right through the outside wall ; more on that in a bit . )
Gating works , but there 's no denying that most methods fall back on some of the most spectacularly trite elements of game design : keys , force fields , drawbridges , radiation suits , etc .
The first step is designing an open world mission is to remove as many time dependencies as possible .
Behind each time dependency is the need to gate the player , and there are only so many bulletproof gating mechanisms .
An easy option is to see if " do A , then B , then C " can be rephrased as " do A and B and C in any order . "
Next , see if " A , B , and C " can be cleverly massaged into a single " A . "
Case Study : Death by Committee
In Red Faction : Guerrilla , " Death by Committee " is a late - game mission where you discover that a group of businessmen who 've been working with the enemy are having a secret meeting .
In the original spec , you arrived at the meeting location before anyone else , so you could plan your attack and set traps .
Then at some point the businessmen arrive , and you ambush them .
This sounded simple enough , but there was a key time dependency causing problems .
There were two distinct phases : the set - up ( before the businessmen arrive ) and the attack .
Key to the mission was that the businessmen would run for it once you started shooting or blowing things up , so what if you were causing explosions before they even arrived ?
Should that be an instant failure , because no one is going to drive up to a building that 's on fire , expecting a PowerPoint presentation ?
There are also some troublesome player feedback issues : knowing how much time until the participants arrive , knowing when they 're there , knowing when they realize it 's a trap and try to get away .
Most of these problems were solved by flipping the situation around .
Instead of you getting to the meeting location first , the participants are already there .
You show up and ambush them .
Now the flow is much harder to break : get to the building , go inside , attack the conspirators , and if any try to escape in vehicles then chase them down .
Even that description is too complicated and controlling .
Really , the goal is simply " kill all the businessmen . "
They 're at the building , so you obviously need to get there first .
And naturally when you show up with a gun and explosives , they 're going to make a run for it .
" Go inside " is too much information , because you may not need to do that .
You could use a sniper rifle from an adjacent building .
You could ambush them as they run out of the building .
You could destroy all the escape vehicles and chase people on foot .
( Perhaps the cleverest option is to get into the building , climb up one story , then destroy the stairs leading down to the ground floor so no one can escape . )
One simple goal , lots of options .
Open World + Destruction : All Hope is Lost ?
A rite of passage for new designers upon joining the Red Faction : Guerrilla project was to declare that arbitrary destruction was too difficult to work with and we should abandon it .
Heck , even I said that .
Destruction initially scares the hell out of designers , because it removes so many options from the usual bag of tricks .
A sledgehammer serves as the key to any locked door .
Beautiful level design where the world looks expansive , but you 're actually funneled through choke points ( see just about any Left 4 Dead 2 map ) is much harder to do .
Let that take a little while to soak in .
Walls , rickety fences , wrecked cars , piles of rubble , furniture stacked in front of a door ... those can't be used to direct the flow of movement , because any of those obstacles can be blasted through with a variety of explosives and weapons and even moving vehicles .
All those things that sound scary are really player options , and just that they exist at all is a source of wonder .
The original Red Faction , released in 2001 , was a fairly linear game in the same vein as Half - Life , except it allowed arbitrary " geometry modification , " meaning that you could dig tunnels through dirt and walls .
You'd be fighting through a mine and come to a steel door that 's sealing off the area .
Fire a couple of rockets at it ... nothing .
It 's too thick .
But aha !
Start shooting rockets into the dirt surrounding the door , and get a tunnel around it going .
Until you run out of ammo , that is .
To combat that , there were some unfortunately lame fail - safes built in , such as your associate Hendrix announcing that he hacked into the security system and the door would open shortly .
Open world plus destruction is a much finer combination , one that enables enough interactivity that it 's worth making headway on the design headaches it causes .
Full Guerrilla - style destruction is n't as crazy as it first may seem , in terms of building missions .
First , destruction takes time and ammo .
Early on in the project , one of my great worries was that players would level the world within the first twenty minutes .
That turned out to be unfounded .
Destruction also destroys cover , opens up the battlefield , and makes buildings structurally unsound so going inside them runs the risk of being caught in a collapse .
It 's also a conscious decision for the player to focus his weapons on inanimate objects while he 's being fired upon by enemy soldiers .
And most important of all , unlike the original Red Faction , terrain in Guerrilla is impervious to explosives .
So while it may look like the player is ridiculously powerful and all hope of pacing and balance is lost , do n't panic .
There 's more than enough for designers to cling to without stomping all over the fun that players have blowing things up .
Case Study : The Dogs of War
During development , this Guerrilla mission was called " Sniper Hunter , " and that 's a good overall description .
There are four apartment buildings , divided into two groups of two , and there are a total of eight snipers on top of them .
The goal is to kill all the snipers .
There are no sub-objectives , and therefore no time dependencies , so this is a nice and clean open world mission .
Except that the apartment buildings are fully destructible and by this point in the game that player has access to various explosive weapons , including a rocket launcher -- plus the Nano Rifle which can dissolve anything it hits , including walls and ceilings .
The interesting question is , why do n't all players just level the two buildings and be done with it ?
And while that 's possible , it 's not something that happened often in playtests .
Here 's why :
There tend to be more enemy soldiers outside than in , so there 's incentive to go inside the buildings .
In order to level the buildings , you need to put some effort into it .
Every rocket lobbed into a building means less time firing at your attackers .
The full destruction option ended up being the expert 's choice , not the easy way out .
Ammo boxes , containing remote charges and rockets , are inside the buildings .
Even if you want to try the brute force approach , you 'll need to make an ammo run at some point .
There 's a hidden chokepoint in the mission description : " there are four apartment buildings , divided into two groups . "
A typical playthrough involves chaos at one pair of buildings , and regardless of how the first four snipers are dispatched , somehow you 've got to get to the other pair of buildings .
That means a lot of combat along the way .
So much combat , in fact , that there 's strong incentive upon reaching the second set of buildings to immediately run inside .
Is it still possible to destroy the buildings at a distance , completing the mission in a fraction of the time that a " normal " attempt would take ?
Sure !
This is especially true if players have bought the highest - end weapon , the Thermobaric Rocket Launcher .
The existence of that possibility is a wonderful thing .
It proves that players are n't forced to bow to the whims of the mission designers .
It means that all that money spent buying the big guns pays off , and the game respects that .
Missions That Are n't Missions
Trying to mix perfect predictability into situations like this ... well , it 's a recipe for failure .
Destruction not only encourages thinking about gameplay at a higher level , it 's a requirement in most cases .
Upon first hearing about the Guerrilla destruction engine , a common brain flash was to want to topple a tall tower across a chasm creating a makeshift bridge .
What a perfect use of destruction !
But it 's also missing the point .
With damage being driven by a complex simulation system that can make the tower break apart in thousands of ways , and fall any direction in any number of pieces , the only way to guarantee that the tower will make a bridge every time is to bypass the whole system and fall back on a hand - scripted event .
And that 's a bad trade - off : taking away player freedom because a designer wants to control what happens .
At this point you may ask , if time dependencies are removed from mission objectives , and level designers build missions as situations in which player movement cannot be perfectly controlled or predicted , then should the result even be framed as a modal mission ?
One of the great realizations during the development of Guerrilla was that a " mission " can simply exist in the world if the objective is core gameplay that players already understand .
In the end , the world map was dotted with " destruction targets " : buildings that were important to the enemy that could be destroyed for a reward .
The high importance targets were carefully constructed and were consistently praised as one of the best parts of the game .
Yet a target could be built for a fraction of the cost of a mission , because there was n't all the custom dialogue , there was n't an introductory briefing , and there was n't the worry about edge cases , like the player starting a mission and then driving to the other side of the world .
Case Study : Guerrillas at the Gates
" Guerrillas at the Gates " is the second to last mission in Guerrilla .
It 's not the end of the game , but it 's where you strike the critical blow to the enemy by attacking the central command center .
Initially it was n't a mission at all , but a series of key buildings to destroy .
An enemy compound is a great example of an objective that can be built in a non-modal way .
There are distinct entrances , protected by checkpoints .
The highest points are occupied by guard towers containing long - range turrets .
Indestructible terrain funnels the player through a chokepoint that divides the outer section of the compound from the inner sanctum .
Just as with a military base in real life , getting inside is a challenge in itself .
The entire central command complex is still destructible , but there 's a natural flow to it which means you can't just find a camping spot and snipe all the critical buildings with rockets .
There 's a layering , a feeling of successive targets being deeper inside .
Clever use of terrain keeps the whole base from being visible at once , so there 's the feeling of discovery and progress .
As a non-modal destruction target , it got such good feedback , that we decided to turn it into a full - blown mission .
The objective was still the same -- destroy all the marked buildings -- but by turning it into a modal mission we could add some more scripted events to better give the impression that you were part of a coordinated assault , such as guerrilla reinforcements arriving .
Scripting - wise it was one of the quickest missions to build .
As with " The Dogs of War , " the chaos of open world destruction meant that occasionally there was a short - circuiting of objectives , such as shooting down a gunship and having it crash into one of the target buildings .
An exploit ?
Only if you 're paranoid about controlling what happens .
To players who saw it happen , and knowing full well that they caused it , it was brilliant .
I would like to thank the entire Red Faction : Guerrilla design team , as it was their experimentation with open world mission and level design which resulted in most of the points discussed in this article .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
Life may have its mysteries , but as young Dean Venture learns from his father , most of them can be solved with the careful application of progressive rock .
Advertisement
No , this ain't new , but if this clip proves anything , it 's that the classics never go out of style .
This may be a seminal moment in the history of the internet .
As government authorities and British Petroleum continue to describe the BP oil spill in limited terms .
one blogger has had his eyes glued to the “ Spillcam ” which is giving real time images of the oil gushing from the uncapped hole in the ground and has caught what appears to be a massive increase in the amount of oil coming out of the sea floor .
It started yesterday morning :
I ’ve been watching the live Spillcam , and discussing it with folks , here all day long .
About 5 pm last night , we all started taking note of gas bubbling out of the seabed floor .
It started earlier than that , actually – see pic a few posts down .
About 1 am this morning , the eruptions began to increase in spew volume .
At about 8 am , CDT , as I watched , things started changing rapidly .
Where the water around the two major gush points used to be very clear , it is now super turbid , and detritus is flying everywhere in a chaotic manner .
seabed venting is obvious to see when ROV cameras pan around .
Yet - to - be - confirmed rumors are that the casing wall has finally worn through , about 300 feet below seabed , at an annulus ( coupling ) , and the gas and oil are now finding a new way out to the seabed .
Not good news , as it will make the Top - Kill / Junk Shot nearly ineffectual …
At the least , it means that more pressure and mud / cement is going to be required .
Sure enough , by early evening , things had gone from very bad , to very much worse :
UPDATE 5:45 pm CDT : A brand new MAJOR eruption is happening .
tune into the SpillCam at BP.com .
It ’s black , all you can see is a cable .
It started with yet another GUSH plume / tornado .
Oh , dear– now , we can see that that is a LOT of oil– and a BLIZZARD of Hydrates ..
Those hydrates are freezing when they hit the below freezing water ( salt water freezes at about 28 degrees but water bubbling up from the gusher has less salt and freezes at a higher temp .
Methane drops are also freezing . ) .
It has severely hampered efforts to place any kind of dome or cap on the hole and now , that may be only a partial solution .
UPDATE 6:03 pm CDT :
The current eruption is way , way worse than the several that occured earlier .
I think this might be a “ Main Event ” situation .
UPDATE 6:45 pm CDT :
An hour after the start of this most recent eruption , and it is still just a wall of oil , methane crystals , and gack .
WAY , WAAAY worse than the first event .
Apparently , the seabed is collapsing into a crater and oil and gas has begun leaking directly from the sea floor .
At least that is one interpretation of the images captured by the blogger “ Monkeyfister . ”
If so , this has complicated the job of shutting down this spill astronomically .
Not a word of this from authorities or BP has reached the mainstream media .
The New Orleans Times - Picayune appears to be in the dark :
It remains unclear exactly how much oil has been pouring into the gulf since the spill began several days after the Deepwater Horizon rig , which BP leased from Transocean , exploded on April 20 .
According to official estimates , oil has been flowing from a leaking pipe a mile below the surface at a rate of about 5,000 barrels a day .
However , some experts have suggested the oil could be gushing at up to five times that rate .
Landry said a panel of government and academic experts has been convened and should be able to provide a more firm estimate in the coming weeks .
On the one hand , we have evidence that the spill has gotten much worse over the last 24 hours .
On the other hand , we have the government saying that a panel will convene and take a few weeks to arrive at a conclusion about how much oil is spewing from the leak into the Gulf of Mexico .
Where is the sense of urgency about this thing ?
Obviously , the Obama administration is downplaying the entire crisis in order to avoid any “ gotchya ” games by their political opponents .
And with a compliant media going along with this , they will succeed in minimizing political damage from the spill – for a while .
Peter Daou writing in Huffpo :
Where is the outrage ?
Where are the millions marching in the streets , where is the round - the - clock roadblock coverage tracking every moment of the crisis , every effort to plug the leak , every desperate attempt to mitigate the damage ?
Where is the White House ?
Where are Republicans ?
Where are Democrats ?
Where is the left ?
Where is the right ?
Where is the “ fierce urgency of now ? ” [… ]
In the movies , pretend heroes like Bruce Willis and Will Smith save the planet while the whole world watches with breath and belief suspended .
In real life , a global catastrophe is treated like a mere annoyance , mismanaged by a rapacious oil company , while drill - baby - drillers double down on their folly and the White House puts out defensive fact sheets about how they were on it from “ day one . ”
Is this really the best we can do ?
America is capable of greatness — but our reaction to this unprecedented event is anything but great .
Our reaction – or lack thereof – is a direct result of partisans in both parties calling for “ outrage ” over something or other at regular intervals , so that the American people are now suffering from Outrage Fatigue Syndrome .
First , Mr. Daou apparently can’t grasp the fact that there is no crisis – at least as far as the Obama administration and the media is concerned .
The lackadaisical response by government , and BP ’s thrashing about to find a solution does n’t fit the narrative of cool competence that the media has portrayed the administration .
Cool and incompetent just does n’t work .
Ergo , despite the danger that the oil may be gushing 25,000 barrels into the Gulf of Mexico every day , thus threatening the multi-billion dollar fishing industry along the coast , the administration refuses to make a big deal out of the crisis .
Should they ?
Dauo thinks so :
Lawmakers can say that the law mandates BP take responsibility for clean - up and costs ; federal officials can list all the things they ’re doing to fix the problem ; President Obama can launch as many fact - finding commissions as he sees fit .
But we should n’t be impressed that they are doing what we elected them to do – it ’s their job to deal with emergencies promptly and effectively .
Far more is called for in this uniquely cataclysmic circumstance : a level of outrage , alarm , intensity and focus worthy of the size and scope of the spill .
We need , and must demand , boldness and resoluteness worthy of a planetary emergency – true leadership , rallying the nation and the world to action .
Offense , not defense .
We ’re not getting anything close to that from Democratic leaders .
And from Republicans , far less .
The classic Jo Dee Messina ’s “ My Give a Damn ’s Busted ” comes into play here .
The American people have been whipsawed back and forth these past couple of years being asked to get angry at one party or the other to the point that it becomes quite easy to simply throw up your hands and retreat from the fray , preferring to concentrate on the upcoming last episode of Lost or 24 , while sneaking a peak at the tabloids to see who Tiger Woods is banging these days .
The crisis may very well be every bit as bad as Daou is describing .
But as long as politicians , corporate PR people , and a media fearful of attack
Andrew Halcro checks in on the Palin legacy in Alaska :
Palin conned Alaskans into thinking she could bluff three of the worlds largest oil & gas companies into building the most expensive private sector project in the history of the United States . [...]
Three years later , AGIA is an unqualified failure .
Even former supporters say the plan will fail and the state has wasted three years chasing a wild goose that many of us warned about when this bad trip began back in March of 2007 .
The current governor is scrambling to get the project on track .
Just a few days ago , on Facebook , Palin was still touting the pipeline as part of her political resume .
And why not ?
In her mind , it 's already up and running .
And it 's only what 's in her mind that matters , innit ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Three - term Democratic Sen. Barbara
Boxer is in her toughest re-election campaign ever , finding herself in a virtual tie with two of her possible Republican opponents while her disapproval rating is rising , according to a Field Poll released today .
Boxer trails former South Bay Rep. Tom Campbell 44 to 43 percent , and barely leads former Hewlett - Packard CEO Carly Fiorina , 45 to 44 percent , according to the survey of 748 likely voters this month .
The poll 's margin of error is plus or minus 3.7 percentage points .
Boxer leads Assemblyman Chuck DeVore , R - Irvine , 45 to 41 percent .
All three candidates have gained ground on Boxer since previous polls were reported .
Analysts said those comparisons largely reflect the national anti-incumbent feeling rather than support for the Republican candidates , who are not yet widely known .
The poll found that nearly 60 percent of the respondents had " no opinion " about Campbell and Fiorina , and 78 percent felt the same about DeVore .
But voter sentiment about Boxer is turning negative .
Her unfavorable rating jumped to 51 percent from 39 percent in January .
And among the pivotal nonpartisan voters , her disapproval rating is 54 percent .
" The mood of the voters is really turning sour , and this is really a yes or no vote against Boxer , " said Field Poll director Mark DiCamillo .
" She has never been in this situation before , where she 's standing in a strong headwind . "
DiCamillo said he 'd classify the race for Boxer 's seat in the " toss - up " category .
Familiar story
Other recent polls tell a similar story .
A new Wall Street Journal / NBC poll found that 4 in 5 respondents thought little of Congress , while voters were split on which party could better handle economic issues .
And a Rasmussen Poll released Tuesday found Boxer leading each of her Republican opponents by single digits , with her lead over Campbell - her closest competitor - shrinking to two points .
Boxer 's campaign team realizes the gravity of her situation .
She has trailed in the polls during her re-election years before - she trailed Republican Matt Fong in the summer of 1998 - but this year she is also battling a national wave of voter frustration .
" Clearly , this is going to be the toughest campaign ever for Barbara Boxer , " Boxer campaign manager Rose Kapolczynski said .
" We need to reach out to those nonpartisan and undecided voters and tell Barbara 's story . "
Help from Obama
The campaign received some good news Wednesday : A White House official confirmed that President Obama would appear at a Los Angeles fundraiser for Boxer and the Democratic National Committee some time in April .
While the event is expected to net at least several hundred thousand dollars , Boxer campaign officials do not expect to start airing commercials until after the June 8 primary .
Boxer is not expected to face any well - known Democrats in the primary .
" What I find significant is that Boxer is tied with three candidates who are markedly different from each other politically , " said Henry Brady , a professor of political science at UC Berkeley and dean of the Goldman School of Public Policy there .
The pecking order in the GOP primary race did n't change much from Field 's January temperature - taking .
Campbell leads with 28 percent of the poll 's support , followed by Fiorina at 22 percent and DeVore at 9 percent .
DeVore was the only candidate to have gained support , up from 6 percent in January .
Campbell delighted
A spokesman for Campbell , a pro-choice candidate who is the most moderate of the three , was delighted to have crossed the " psychological barrier " of finally leading Boxer in a poll .
It will help fundraising for a candidate who only recently jumped to the Senate race from the race for governor .
" Barbara Boxer is not one of those Democrats who can separate herself from the national trend , " said Campbell spokesman James Fisfis .
" She can't say that she bucked her party .
Where has she disagreed with her party before ? "
" She 's vulnerable , and she 's vulnerable with independent voters , " said Fiorina spokeswoman Julie Soderlund .
DeVore spokesman Joshua Trevino said the assemblyman 's rating in the poll is " not where we want to be but we 're moving in the right direction .
It 's OK .
It 's mid-March . "
Because Chicago's Awesome !!Submit your best by e-mail here
Or using the tumblr submission pageThanks Chicago , for the old hate and the new love . - FYC
Andrew Gerrand
5 May 2010
Rob Pike recently gave a talk at Stanford 's Computer Systems Colloquium ( EE380 ) .
Titled Another Go at Language Design , the presentation gives an overview of the itches
Go was built to scratch , and how Go addresses those problems .
You can view a video stream of the talk , and download the slides .
Last week 's release included a code lab , Writing Web Applications , that details the construction of a simple wiki program .
It is a practical introduction to some fundamental Go concepts , and the first of a series of Go code labs .
Lastly , we are often asked " How do Go packages work ? "
It 's easier to show than to explain , so I put together a Go Packages screen cast that demonstrates the process of writing , building , installing , and redistributing Go packages .
I hope to post more of these covering a variety of Go programming topics to the gocoding YouTube channel in the near future .
Earlier this year Hollywood lost its case against iiNet when a court ruled that the ISP could not be held responsible for the actions of its subscribers when they committed copyright infringements using BitTorrent .
The studios appealed and now the date has been set for the Federal Court re-run .
iiNet boss Michael Malone is confident of a second victory .
February this year saw Aussie ISP iiNet celebrating after it successfully defended a legal attack by Hollywood anti-piracy outfit AFACT .
Village Roadshow , Universal Pictures , Warner Bros Entertainment , Paramount Pictures , Sony Pictures Entertainment , Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation , Disney Enterprises , Inc. and the Seven Network took iiNet to court in the hope that a judge would find the ISP responsible for the copyright infringements of its customers .
Judge Justice Dennis Cowdroy shattered that dream and iiNet won its landmark case .
Quickly AFACT announced it would appeal the judgment which it said had left an “ unworkable environment for content creators and content providers ” and represented “ a serious threat to Australia ’s digital economy . ”
Its now being reported that beginning on August 2nd and running for the next 4 days , the appeal will be heard by a full bench of the Federal Court .
The time allocated is a dramatic reduction over the month long saga of the first hearing .
“ We go into this latest legal round anticipating we will come out in an even stronger position than when we won in February , ” iiNet chief Michael Malone told The Australian .
AFACT ’s appeal will consist of 15 areas where they believe original case judge Justice Cowdroy got his decision wrong , but even if the Federal Court agrees , Malone believes an AFACT victory would be a hollow one .
“ Neither the original case nor this latest appeal will stop piracy — even if in the unlikely event they won the appeal , ” he concludes .
lahar
The world is suddenly faced with the need to learn how to pronounce Islenska , the Icelandic language .
With much of European airspace closed due to volcanic ash in the skies , people are most commonly asking how long it will last , and if it may get worse .
Also , the media continues to confuse the issue with talk of an eruption under , variously , a glacier , an ice cap , an ice sheet .
There is a world of difference between an icekilometers thick , and the Gígjökull glacier and the Eyjafjallajökull ice cap . : much of the information below is gleaned from Icelandic language sources .
Since I do not speak Icelandic and do not posses an Icelandic dictionary I have had to rely on my linguistics skills .
If there are errors then I would be most grateful for help in correcting them .
The Eyjafjallajökull - icecapped Eyjafjalla - volcano is erupting .
The initial eruption was between Eyjafjallajökull and Mýrdalsjökull in the area between the two volcanoes called Fimmvörðuháls .
The initial eruptive phase of March 20 to April 12 caused lava to flow from eruptive vents on the bare volcano flanks .
The initial phase lava was alkali- olivine basalt , with substantial silica content .
On April 14 a new eruption commenced under the volcano ’s ice covered summit caldera .
Interaction between magma and meltwater caused the ejection of a plume of ash about 8 km high .
Volcanic ash is a highly abrasive silica particulate which can abrade cockpit windows and flame - out jet engines .
It is a very serious aviation safety hazard .
The International Airways Volcano Watch ( IAVW ) system was established by the International Civil Aviation Organisation ( ICAO ) in coordination with the World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) to monitor volcanic activity reports and to give immediate warning to aircraft of volcanic hazards .
On April 14 2010 a VA SIGMET for Eyjafjalla was issued .
SIGMET , or Significant Meteorological Information , is a weather advisory that contains meteorological information concerning the safety of all aircraft .
VA means volcanic activity .
Following the issue of the VA SIGMET , airspaces across Europe began closing .
Image courtesy Wikimedia .
Mt. Eyjafjallajökull is an active stratovolcano , 1660 meters tall .
From between 900 and 1000 meters it is covered by an ice cap .
The caldera is relatively small , about 2 to 2.5 km in diameter .
To the North is a break in the caldera rim through which the outlet glacier Gígjökull drains .
The name Gígjökull means crater glacier .
The glacier is also known locally as Falljökull , meaning ice fall .
There is another exit glacier , Steinsholtsjökull .
The caldera ice exits via the Gígjökull glacier towards the Markarfljot plain .
Image courtesy of Ólafur IngólfssonProfessor of glacial and Quaternary Geology , University of IcelandDepartment of Geology and Geography and Institute of Earth Sciences
The following paragraph has been edited , with thanks to Eric Diaz for pointing out the error .
When an eruption occurs next to or under ice , substantial meltwater is formed as ice and magma come together .
The resulting material is ejected as a plume of volcanic ash .
Materials ejected can roll down the slopes as a hot ash cloud known as apyroclastic flow .
The meltwaters can rush down the slope as a lahar or Jökulhlaup , a mix of rock , ash and floodwater .
The April 14 2010 Eyjafjalla eruptive phase was from a series of vents along a 2 km long north - south oriented fissure .
Meltwater was observed flowing .
The eruption plume rose to more than 8 km height , deflected to the east by westerly winds .
How long it will last depends , I suggest , on the volume of ice in the caldera .
If the volcanic activity continues after the caldera ice is melted then the volcano should revert to magma emission with no significant plume .
Since I can find no data on the ice volume I can make no reasonable educated guess as to how long this plume will last .
I have seen forecasts ranging from days to about a year , but in the absence of good data and a good model , I think these must be taken as blind guesses .
The volcano continues to be active , emitting large volumes of ash in a pulsed eruption .
In this age of the internet and the webcam the world has been able to watch this awesome display of nature 's power from the comfort of home .
Mostly with a beer .
The zone covered by the plume currently is shown in this meteorological chart .
Reduced size chart .
Full size image available at :- Varstu að leita að : " Go smoke a ... " ?
Some search engines are just plain rude .
;-)
From the context , I think that gosmökkur means ' ash plume ' , but I am not certain . : gosmökkur means ' ash plume ' ; mökkur is a word very close to møkk in Norwegian which means ' dirt ' .
Thanks to Bente Lilja
Bye for that piece of knowledge .---------------------------------------------------I await comments from Bente Lilja Bye and Eric Diaz with a certain amount of fear and trepidation . ;-)
achieving transcendence with brain surgery
A study of brain cancer patients in Italy shows the neural epicenters of spiritual experiences and religious belief .
Want to get closer to your supernatural deity of choice ?
You could spend years memorizing holy books , scrolls purported to contain ancient wisdom , and study dense , esoteric tomes filled with endless ruminations on all kinds of vague topics , like most religious scholars .
Or you could just have surgery on your parietal cortex and give it three days to a week before feelings of transcendence and a closeness to the divine set in .
This is what researchers in Italy found after studying the reports from patients who had surgery on brain tumors located in the aforementioned region of the brain .
These findings seem to agree with previous research , which shows a link between the parietal , frontal and temporal cortexes in the making of a spiritual experience , and offer new evidence that religion is more about what goes on in your head than what may be happening outside of it .
The study is based on 88 brain cancer patients who were asked to indicate to what degree they agreed with a series of statements about how close they feel to nature , other people , or some mystical universal power .
The distribution of answers was plotted before and after surgeries and patients whose parietal cortexes were the surgeon ’s target tended to agree with the more spiritual statements , as well as agreed with them more often .
This is not a concrete demonstration of how the brain conjures up spiritual beliefs , but it does point to the role of a particular brain center as one of the culprits .
Together , the frontal , parietal and temporal cortexes deal with one ’s social skills and orientation in space and time , so tinkering with them during surgery or damaging them in an injury should alter one ’s perceptions and ideas of the outside world .
This is why the study ’s results were not much of a surprise to the experts .
In fact , some neuroscientists thought there was a missed opportunity to learn a lot more about the way the brain processes religious beliefs …
Uffe Schjødt , a psychologist at Aarhus University in Denmark adds that he and others have found that some of the same regions become active during prayer and meditation .
But he says that the authors missed a golden opportunity by not conducting more detailed interviews with the patients after their surgeries .
“ The study does not tell us anything about religiosity , religious practices , or mystical experiences post - surgery , which is a shame . ”
There ’s also an interesting caveat to consider about the frontal cortex .
Surgeons rarely have to do any damage to it when removing a brain tumor located in the front of the brain .
However , tumors near the parietal cortexes come with a greater risk for damage .
After parietal patients boosted their spirituality scores and frontal cortex patients stayed where they were pre-surgery , the researchers felt confident enough to point to what they were sure was the culprit in the sudden gain in transcendent feelings .
But this does n’t mean that the frontal cortex has been ruled out as important in religious beliefs and experiences .
After all , it helps govern decision - making as well as playing a significant role in analytical tasks .
The choice to embrace a religion because it gives some sense of comfort or fulfills a psychological need would have to be processed there .
And that note brings us to a very important point .
Just like there ’s no real evidence for a God gene that makes us biologically disposed to supernatural beliefs , there is no God spot in the brain .
Religion is a product of complex cognition , decision making and culture and pinning it down to one cortex or a chain of nucleobases just is n’t going to happen .
See : Weaver , J. ( 2010 ) .
Brain surgery boosts spirituality Nature DOI : 10.1038/news.2010.66
Before You Buy : Practice Home Mortgage Payment
Image via Wikipedia
Buying a home is not something that should be done willy - nilly .
In fact , it is wise to plan out your home purchase , making sure that you save up money for a down payment , and making the necessary adjustments to ensure that you truly can afford the mortgage that you want .
One way to help you decide whether or not you can buy a home is to practice making home mortgage payments .
Setting up a practice home mortgage payment system
The first thing you need to do is figure out the true cost of owning a home .
You can use mortgage loan calculators to help you figure out the monthly cost of your mortgage plus interest .
There are also mortgage calculators designed to help you estimate property taxes and maintenance costs .
It is important to add these expenses into your total , so that you are working off a more accurate estimate of your total housing costs as a result of buying .
Once you have an estimate of how much it would cost to own a home , you figure out how much more it would cost than your rent costs .
If your rent payment is $ 900 per month , and you figure that your mortgage payment and interest plus other costs would be around $ 1,200 , that ’s a $ 300 difference .
That means that you will need $ 300 extra each month in order to have a mortgage .
In order to test whether or not you can afford a home mortgage payment , take that $ 300 and put it in a high yield savings account each month , using it as a practice mortgage payment .
Can you go at least six months with this new “ mortgage payment ” ?
Now comes the real test .
Can you make that extra “ mortgage payment ” every month for six months .
Can you do it without exceeding your income ?
Or do you have to resort to credit cards to make it work ?
This exercise is a great eye - opener , helping you see what a mortgage payment might do to your financial situation , and whether you can handle the added expenses that come with buying a home .
Review your finances each month to see how you are doing .
With that $ 300 going into a savings account , you might soon realize that you need to make some changes .
Do you see places where you can cut back ?
Look at your spending , and figure out how much of it is discretionary .
If you want to buy a home , but you are having trouble making your practice mortgage payment , you may want to re-evaluate your spending , cutting back on things like entertainment , eating out , and other unnecessary items .
This can be a good way to re-structure your household budget so that you are ready to take on the costs of home ownership .
Down payment
Hopefully , you have been saving up toward a down payment for a couple of years .
Adding an extra $ 300 for six months can mean another $ 1,800 to add to the down payment , or it can help offset closing costs or pay points for an interest rate deduction .
Today , though , it is vital that you have money saved up for a down payment .
If you get a FHA loan , you will need a 3.5 % down payment ( 10 % if your credit score is below 500 ) , plus an up - front fee of 1.5 % and an annual premium of 0.5 % .
If you go with a different lender , you will probably need 5 % to 10 % ( or more ) as a down payment .
Bottom line : Before you buy , you need to make sure your household budget can handle the costs of home ownership .
A practice home mortgage payment can help you determine this , and can help you take a realistic look at your budget and decide on what measures you need to take in order to get your finances in order so that buying a home does n’t put you under too much financial stress .
The Minerals Management Service , the federal agency responsible for all offshore oil and gas regulation , has dined , partied , fired off shotguns , hunted , golfed , and shared Web porn — and in a couple of cases even done cocaine and meth — with employees of the very companies they ’re supposed to be regulating , according to a newly released Interior Department report .
The Department of Interior investigative report ( PDF ) describes transportation to college football games on offshore oil company planes as well as offshore oil and gas sponsored golf outings , crawfish boils , skeet - shooting events , and hunting trips .
A source also told investigators that MMS inspectors sometimes allowed oil and gas company employees onboard drilling platforms to fill out inspection forms .
The report also describes the case of a MMS clerical employee who used cocaine and meth with an inspector .
The employee explained that while “ she had no knowledge of the inspector ’s use of drugs while at work , she said that in the past , he had used crystal methamphetamine the night prior to coming to work at MMS . ”
And then there ’s the porn problem .
The report describes numerous incidences of porn being forwarded from government computers :
We found numerous instances of pornography and other inappropriate material on the e-mail accounts of 13 employees , six of whom have resigned .
We specifically discovered 314 instances where the seven remaining employees received or forwarded pornographic images and links to Internet websites containing pornographic videos to other federal employees and individuals outside of the office using their government e-mail accounts .
All of these scandals can be blamed at least partially on the fact that MMS employees and oil and gas company employees overlap .
From the report :
According to Williamson , many of the MMS inspectors had worked for the oil and gas industry and continued to be friends with industry representatives .
“ Obviously , we ’re all oil industry , ” he said .
“ We ’re all from the same part of the country .
Almost all of our inspectors have worked for oil companies out on these same platforms .
They grew up in the same towns .
Some of these people , they ’ve been friends with all their life .
They ’ve been with these people since they were kids .
They ’ve hunted together .
They fish together .
They skeet shoot together ….
They do this all the time .
The biggest offenders were fired some time ago , but despite all these transgressions , the U.S. Attorney ’s Office for the Western District of Louisiana declined this case for prosecution in October 2009 .
The report explains that “ This case is being referred to the Director of the Minerals Management Service for any action deemed appropriate . ”
Ryanair chief executive Michael O’Leary ’s turbulent ride over claims about a judge have resulted in him being forced into an abject apology to the Minister for Transport Noel Dempsey .
Mr O’Leary had his wings clipped in the High Court last week by Mr Justice Peter Kelly , who said the airline boss had lied in a letter sent to Mr Dempsey on February 25th .
The letter alleged the judge publicly criticised the Minister at an earlier hearing over an “ inexcusable delay to appoint an appeal panel ” to consider appeals against proposed new passenger charges at Dublin airport .
“ The statement that I was so critical is untrue and a lie , ” Mr Justice Kelly said in his ruling .
After Mr O’Leary apologised in court , the judge instructed him to write a letter to the Minister to correct his statement .
He ordered that a draft be submitted to him for his approval before being sent to Mr Dempsey .
The judge said he wanted to be sure the letter was “ clear , unequivocal , unreserved and without any gloss ” .
In the letter to the Minister , which was released by Ryanair today , Mr O’Leary acknowledges that the claim Mr Justice Kelly was critical of Mr Dempsey ’s role was wrong .
“ This was incorrect , inaccurate and should not have occurred , as it incorrectly attributed comments to Justice Kelly , ” Mr O’Leary writes .
“ The judge did not criticise you in any way . ”
The Ryanair boss notes he “ apologised unreservedly ” to Mr Justice Kelly in court last week .
“ I also now wish to unequivocally and unreservedly apologise to you for this incorrect assertion and to reconfirm that the judge did not criticise you or your conduct in any way during the hearing on February 22nd last . ”
During last week ’s proceedings , the judge described Mr O’Leary ’s explanation to the court as “ pathetic ” and said it was only with “ prompting from the court ” he agreed to write a letter to the Minister .
Mr Justice Kelly said he had considered a contempt of court charge against Mr O’Leary but instead accepted his apology to the court and his agreement to write to the Minister .
He awarded maximum costs against Ryanair .
The proceedings arose after the Commission for Aviation Regulation last month sought to fast - track Ryanair ’s proposed judicial review challenge to its decision in December fixing the maximum charges at Dublin airport for the next five years .
Valleywag editor Ryan Tate , irked by an iPad ad , drunkmailed Apple CEO Steve Jobs just after 9:30 last night .
To Tate ’s shock and delight , Jobs argued back and forth with him until 2:20 AM in four rounds of messages , reproduced below .
The real Steve seems to be emulating the Fake Steve more and more , spilling his controversial opinions directly onto the Internet regardless of what anyone thinks .
I like it .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A small private plane has crashed into an office building in Austin , Texas .
The Austin fire department said that most employees have been evacuated , but one person was currently unaccounted for .
An eyewitness who was working next door said his " entire building shook " .
The building is next door to FBI field offices , but the bureau said there was no indication the crash was deliberate .
RATING / ESRB / A Created with Sketch .
RATING / ESRB / E Created with Sketch .
RATING / ESRB / E10 Created with Sketch .
RATING / ESRB / M Created with Sketch .
RATING / ESRB / T Created with Sketch .
RATING / PEGI / 12 Created with Sketch .
RATING / PEGI / 16 Created with Sketch .
RATING / PEGI / 18 Created with Sketch .
RATING / PEGI / 3 Created with Sketch .
RATING / PEGI / 7 Created with Sketch .
icon_pin Created with Sketch .
RATING / USK / 0 + Created with Sketch .
RATING / USK / 12 + Created with Sketch .
RATING / USK / 16 + Created with Sketch .
RATING / USK / 18 + Created with Sketch .
RATING / USK / 6 + Created with Sketch .
Psychonauts in der Bibliothek 4.7/5 Deutsch , English & 1 weitere 8.39 8.39 Zur Kasse In Den Einkaufswagen
Als Geschenk kaufen Zur Kasse In Den Einkaufswagen
Als Geschenk kaufen Installieren Auf die Wunschliste Auf der Wunschliste
Warum bei GOG.COM kaufen ?
DRM -FREI .
Keine Aktivierung oder Internetverbindung zum Spielen erforderlich . .
Kundendienst rund um die Uhr und volle Rückerstattungen für bis zu 30 Tage .
Sicherheit und Zufriedenheit .
Kundendienst rund um die Uhr und volle Rückerstattungen für bis zu 30 Tage .
Psychonauts Beschreibung Tauche als kräftiger junger Kadett Raz in einem übersinnlichen Ferienlager in die Gedanken der Menschen ein .
Während er auf das Verdienstabzeichen für seine Schwebekünste hinarbeitet , entdeckt Raz , dass jemand übersinnlich begabte Kinder entführt und ihre Gehirne stiehlt .
Um diesen bösen Plan zu ver ...
4.7/5 Nutzerrezensionen {{ review.content.title }} Details zum Produkt 2005 , Double Fine Productions , USK - Einstufung : 12 ... Systemanforderungen Windows XP or Vista , 1 GHz , 256 MB RAM , 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 ( compatible with ...
Beschreibung
Dieses faszinierende 3D - Jump -'n '- Run-Abenteuer voller genialem Humor , bizarrer Schauplätze und surrealer Action hat es mit Originalität und herausragendem Design zu Bekanntheit gebracht .
Bist du auf der Suche nach einem einzigartigen Spielerlebnis ?
Dann hast du es soeben gefunden !
Die brilliante Geschichte wird dich nicht loslassen bevor du sie zu Ende gespielt hast
Eine einzigartige Atmosphäre mit einem psychedelischen Leveldesign , erdacht von Tim Schafer und dem Double Fine Team
Wenn du Jump ' n '
Runs magst , wirst du Psychonauts lieben Tauche als kräftiger junger Kadett Raz in einem übersinnlichen Ferienlager in die Gedanken der Menschen ein .
Während er auf das Verdienstabzeichen für seine Schwebekünste hinarbeitet , entdeckt Raz , dass jemand übersinnlich begabte Kinder entführt und ihre Gehirne stiehlt .
Um diesen bösen Plan zu vereiteln und sich den Titel Psychonaut zu verdienen , muss sich Raz in die Gedanken einer bizarren Figur nach der anderen versetzen , um ihre Alpträume und inneren Dämonen zu bekämpfen .
Nebenher erhält er weiterhin Verdienstabzeichen in paranormalen Fächern wie Telekinese , Hellsehen und Feuerlegen .
Dieses faszinierende 3D - Jump -'n '- Run-Abenteuer voller genialem Humor , bizarrer Schauplätze und surrealer Action hat es mit Originalität und herausragendem Design zu Bekanntheit gebracht .
Bist du auf der Suche nach einem einzigartigen Spielerlebnis ?
Dann hast du es soeben gefunden !
© 2005 Majesco Entertainment Company .
All Rights Reserved Extras Handbuch ( 30 Seiten ) Grafiken HD Hintergrundbilder Avatare Systemanforderungen Mindestsystemanforderungen : Empfohlene Systemanforderungen : Mac notice :
The game is 32 - bit only and will not work on macOS 10.15 and up .
Empfohlene Systemanforderungen : Mac notice :
The game is 32 - bit only and will not work on macOS 10.15 and up .
Warum bei GOG.COM kaufen ?
DRM -FREI .
Keine Aktivierung oder Internetverbindung zum Spielen erforderlich . .
Kundendienst rund um die Uhr und volle Rückerstattungen für bis zu 30 Tage .
Sicherheit und Zufriedenheit .
Kundendienst rund um die Uhr und volle Rückerstattungen für bis zu 30 Tage .
Spieldetails Genre : Action - Abenteuer - Jump ' n ' Run Läuft auf : Windows ( XP , Vista , 7 , 8 ) , Linux ( Ubuntu 14.04 , Ubuntu 16.04 , Ubuntu 18.04 ) Veröffentlicht : {{ '2005-04-19T00:00:00+03:00 ' | date : ' longDate ' : ' +0300 ' }} Entwickler : Double Fine Productions / Double Fine Productions Größe : 4.1 GB Links : Forum zum Spiel Bewertung : USK - Einstufung : 12 ( Approved for children aged 12 and above ) Spielfunktionen Cloud - Speicherstände Einblendungen Einzelspieler Sprachen English audio text Deutsch audio text français audio text
Das könnte dir auch gefallen
In der Bibliothek Im Einkaufswagen Bald Auf der Wunschliste In der Bibliothek Im Einkaufswagen Bald Auf der Wunschliste Movie Free Play for free Coming soon
Nutzerrezensionen Ein Fehler ist aufgetreten .
Bitte aktualisiere die Seite . + Deine Rezension Hinzufügen Dieses Spiel hat noch keine Bewertungen Keiner der bestätigten Besitzer
hat das Spiel bisher bewertet Keine Bewertungen vorhanden
mit den aktiven Filtern N/ A Es gibt noch keine Rezensionen .
Anzahl : 5 pro Seite 15 pro Seite 30 pro Seite 60 pro Seite 5 pro Seite 15 pro Seite 30 pro Seite 60 pro Seite Sortierung : am hilfreichsten am positivsten am kritischsten am aktuellsten am hilfreichsten am positivsten am kritischsten am aktuellsten Filter : Fragen zu deiner Rezension ?
Schau dir unsere Richtlinien an Abbrechen Rezension speichern Keine Bewertungen mit deinen Einstellungen vorhanden Geschrieben auf English Deutsch polski français русский 中文 ( 简体 ) anderen English Deutsch polski français русский 中文 ( 简体 ) anderen Geschrieben von Bestätigte Besitzer anderen Bestätigte Besitzer anderen Hinzugefügt Letzte 30 Tage Letzte 90 Tage Letzte 6 Monate Unbeschränkt Nach Veröffentlichung In Entwicklung Letzte 30 Tage Letzte 90 Tage Letzte 6 Monate Unbeschränkt Nach Veröffentlichung
In Entwicklung
During life 's most challenging times , you want the assistance of someone you can trust .
At the office of Charley Hutchens , A Professional Law Corporation , we 're here to find solutions that work for you and your family .
Our office has been helping Louisiana families for over 40 years .
If you have questions about your family 's legal concerns , we encourage you to contact our office to set up an initial consultation .
How Shipping Discounts Work :
If the items in your cart total $ 50 or above when you check out , you will receive a discount .
Shipping Discounts are calculated during the last step of checkout .
Until then , shipping will be displayed at the regular price .
But do n't worry , you will see the discount before you pay .
Where Shipping Discounts Are Displayed :
On the last step of checkout , after you have entered your shipping address but before you make a payment , you will see the discount displayed in your Order Summary .
An example screenshot is shown below .
For more information about shipping , click here .
Auto parts manufacturer Delphi has a simple description of what it ’s been up to during these past four years of bankruptcy reorganization .
“ We ’ve been quiet , but we ’ve been busy , ” says Jeffrey Owens , president of Delphi ’s electronics and safety division .
The recent Society of Automotive Engineers ( SAE ) World Congress in Detroit was a kind of coming - out party for Delphi , which emerged from Chapter 11 in October 2009 , and Delphi representatives were eager to show the industry and media what exactly they ’ve been busy with .
The new mantra for the Troy , MI - based automotive parts manufacturer , which was spun out of General Motors in 1997 , is “ green , safe and connected . ”
But it looks as though “ connected ” has been its main focus — connected to where consumer products meet the automobile , and to where the nascent electric vehicle market meets the home and the electric grid .
First , the connection to the home .
The apparent rise of the plug - in electric vehicle opens up “ new product and market opportunities for those with the skill and foresight to pursue them , ” Owens said during an SAE panel discussion that posed a kind of chicken - or - egg - style question : “ Does the smart grid enable electric vehicles , or the other way around ? ”
The answer , in Owens ’ view , is that it does not matter — each can take advantage of the other .
A vehicle plugged into any future smart grid can help with home energy management through smart chargers that can both provide cars with the juice they need and give back to the home and to the grid .
But , Owens said in an interview later with Xconomy , that there is no need to wait for the “ smart grid ” to arrive to take advantage of the commercial opportunities .
Delphi can be an enabler for electric vehicles by providing the hardware needed to make connections today .
“ We do n’t do batteries … and we do n’t do rotating machines , ” Owens says .
“ But all of those variants require different types of electronics that have never been in the car before .
So , that ’s what we do and we ’ve got 20 years of experience working on just that . ”
Remember General Motors ’ first ( failed ) experiment with electric vehicles , the EV1 ?
Delphi , in partnership with Hughes Electronics , was instrumental in putting it together .
But just because the EV1 failed does n’t mean the knowledge gained from its development went out the window .
“ We fortunately kept those folks engaged and working on future generations , ” Owens says .
So , while other automotive suppliers are jumping into what will be a highly competitive race to … Next Page »
Trending on Xconomy
Ontario's 1.3 million renter households will be protected from rent increases due to the HST , the Star has learned .
In advance of the harmonized sales tax taking effect in July , sources say the Liberal government will close a loophole in rent regulations that would have allowed landlords to apply for above - guideline rent increases based on the new 13 per cent tax on utilities .
Instead , the new HST costs for utilities will be reflected in rent only as they affect the Consumer Price Index , which the province uses to calculate the annual rent increase guideline .
The announcement is expected as early as Monday .
Landlords warned last March that the HST would increase residential rents by 2.5 to 3 per cent and cost the average tenant $ 270 to $ 320 more per year .
Tenants with higher rents could see annual increases of up to $ 1,000 , said Vince Brescia of the Federation of Rental Housing providers of Ontario .
The landlord lobby group has been calling on the government to exempt the HST for rental housing providers since the plan to blend the GST with the PST was announced in last year 's budget .
In addition to utility costs , the HST will apply to several previously tax - exempt costs such as maintenance , property management and renovation contracts .
Rent remains exempt from sales tax .
Anti-poverty advocates , who have also been urging the province to shield tenants from rent increases due to the HST , welcomed the move .
" If a change was n't made to ensure the HST could n't be passed on to tenants , it would have been a significant and unsustainable burden on low - income families and individuals , " said Adam Spence of the Ontario Association of Food Banks .
" It would have taken a lot of food off people 's plates , " he added .
For people who rely on food banks , rent is the single largest expense , accounting for about 65 per cent of their income , said Spence .
In Greater Toronto , 46 per cent of tenants spent more than 30 per cent of their income on rent – the highest of any urban area in the country , according to the 2006 Census .
The government says landlords will see HST costs for utilities reflected in the annual rent increase guidelines as well as in rents they set for new tenants .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
In addition to the new rental protection , almost 3 million low - income Ontario families will receive a new permanent sales tax credit of up to $ 260 for each adult and child per year .
A new property - tax credit will provide another $ 270 million in tax relief to low - and middle - income homeowners and tenants .
The maximum rent increase allowed for 2010 is 2.1 per cent .
The 2011 rent guideline will be released in June and will be based on changes in the Consumer Price Index for goods and services from June 2009 to May 2010 , compared to the same time period in the previous year .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
In what is by now an oft - quoted snippet from one of her law review articles , Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan castigated the confirmation hearings of Justices Souter , Kennedy , Ginsburg and Breyer as a " vapid and hollow charade . "
Since Kagan wrote those words in 1995 , three more Justices — Roberts , Alito and Sotomayor — have been nominated and confirmed , each in more or less the manner Kagan described : a " peculiar ritual dance " in which senators politely ask questions that the nominees politely refuse to answer , a farce dominated by , in Kagan ’s words , the " repetition of platitudes " and " personal anecdotes . "
Ad Policy
What is less remarked upon is that in her article Kagan proposed a model for a more vigorous and candid confirmation hearing — that of Judge Robert Bork .
The process worked in that instance , she argued , not because of the particular result but because the hearings " presented to the public a serious discussion of the meaning of the Constitution , the role of the Court , and the views of the nominee ; that discussion at once educated the public and allowed it to determine whether the nominee would move the Court in the proper direction . "
In both popular and right - wing parlance , " borking " now means to vilify and defame a nominee in order to block his appointment , but Kagan ’s description is in fact a far more accurate account of what happened — senators rigorously probed and considered Bork ’s legal opinions and voted accordingly .
So it is with this understanding that we propose , in the spirit of democratic deliberation of which she so eloquently wrote , that Elena Kagan should be borked .
Since President Obama nominated Kagan , many of her former colleagues have spoken passionately about her intelligence , her commitment to the First Amendment ( her field of expertise ) and her ability to craft consensus and convince conservative legal minds .
They assure us , based on their personal and professional encounters with her , that Kagan would be a reliable liberal vote and invoke what is undeniably a sterling record of professional accomplishments and political associations — working as a research assistant for Laurence Tribe , clerking for Abner Mikva and Thurgood Marshall and shepherding Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’s nomination through the Senate before working in the Clinton administration and teaching law at Chicago and Harvard , where she was dean .
Progressive critics of Kagan argue that as a replacement for Justice John Paul Stevens — a formidable liberal voice on the Court , particularly on civil liberties — she would move the Court to the right .
They point to statements made during her confirmation hearing for solicitor general suggesting that she believes the nation has been " at war " since the 1990s and in which she agreed that the government could detain suspected terrorists indefinitely .
They worry about how vehemently she defended the administration ’s assertions of executive power once in that position .
Kagan ’s advocates argue that she was compelled to do so because her duty as solicitor general is to present the government ’s case — and that her arguments before the Court in that capacity do not necessarily reflect her own views .
They point instead to a memo she wrote with deans of other law schools aggressively challenging Congress ’s attempt under the Bush administration to strip the courts of their power to review the legality of detainees ’ imprisonment .
The truth is , on the fundamental issues of executive power and civil liberties , we simply do not know enough about Kagan ’s views ; because she was never a judge and has a relatively slim paper trail as a scholar and a litigator ( in which her role was constrained ) , we are left parsing these few statements for larger meaning .
The same is true on matters of corporate power and other vital issues .
When Kagan argued the administration ’s case in Citizens United v. FEC , against granting corporations near limitless rights to political spending , was she expressing her views or those of the president ?
When she urged President Clinton to accept compromise legislation banning late - term abortions , was she articulating her opinion about the right to privacy under Roe v. Wade , or was she merely offering legal advice in her role as a White House aide ?
When she said there is not a " constitutional right to same - sex marriage , " was she articulating her understanding of equal protection under the Constitution , or merely describing objectively the current state of constitutional law ?
And if the former , how does that belief square with her statement that the military ’s " do n’t ask , do n’t tell " policy is " a moral injustice of the first order " ?
Kagan should be pressed on all these matters during her confirmation hearing .
Will she get the serious discussion and substantive debate that she once advocated for all Supreme Court nominees ?
That depends on two things .
Will Senate Democrats exercise their duty to review the nominee independently , or will they defer to the president out of expediency , ensuring what Kagan once lamented as the " safest and surest route to the prize " ?
And will Senate Republicans allow such debate to take place , or will they make a mockery of the process and take the line of attack already fomenting on right - wing websites — whisper campaigns about her personal life , unsubstantiated assertions that she is a " stealth radical " and unsupportable claims that she is underqualified ( " the Left ’s Harriet Miers " ) ?
In other words , will they bork Elena Kagan in the pejorative sense of the term ?
We can again look to Kagan ’s words for guidance here .
Personal attacks and caricatures of a nominee as a " radical monster " are made possible , she argued , in a vacuum of serious inquiry .
" The way to promote reasoned debate thus lies not in submerging substantive issues , " she wrote , " but in making them the centerpiece of the confirmation process . "
On this matter , we could not agree more .
MADRID ( Reuters ) - Flight attendants owed up to nine months ’ wages by a grounded Spanish airline have posed nude for a calendar to draw attention to their plight , one of the cabin crew turned models said on Wednesday .
The calendar , numerous excerpts of which appeared in the Spanish media , shows the Air Comet attendants , all female , posing provocatively in and outside airline cabins , and in one case on top of a jet turbine .
“ We are just demanding our rights to receive what is ours , we each have eight or nine months of unpaid salaries , ” attendant Adriana Ricardo , who appears in the calendar , told Reuters .
Air Comet , run by the embattled chairman of Spain ’s main employers ’ association CEOE , Gerardo Ferran , filed for administration in December after a British court impounded nine of its aircraft at the request of German bank HSH Nordbank .
GUEST POST by JEREMY LAKASZCYCK
Jeremy Lakaszcyck has received awards from Playboy magazine and the Jack Kerouac Estate for his writing .
His fiction can be found in the current issue of Slush Pile Magazine .
A Proposal for Thomas Kinkade ( thank you chatroulette )
by Jeremy Lakaszcyck
I highly recommend watching the Home Shopping Network at 3 a.m .
It ’s as if everyone has gone home for the day , leaving charge to the sullen intern on furlough from the local state mental institution .
Tonight a caller chants God Bless
You so insistently I ’m convinced for a moment I ’m hearing the frump of the broken dryer in the basement .
She ’s praising her idol , Thomas Kinkade , live in studio with his overdyed beard ( too early for a Billy Mays joke ? ) and creepy Cheshire grin .
I ’ll never forget my first and only trip to the Thomas Kinkade store .
I bumped into a ponytailed woman fingering the cell phone clip of her jean shorts .
“ I ’m blown away by these , ” she said , eyes agape at a flower - draped gazebo awash in opalescent light .
“ Ab - so - lute - ly blown away . ” I ran out of the store without a word , driving out of the lot as fast as I could , taking a cold shower as soon as I got home .
According to various newspaper reports , Kinkade raked in over $ 50 million during the same period his signature stores tumbled towards financial ruin .
He ’s been taken to court numerous times by owners of these stores , and in one case was ordered to pay a Virginia couple $ 2.1 million for damages they claim the artist could ’ve prevented .
Kinkade has been mum on the scandal , instead reiterating his steadfast faith to God .
According to the notable names database , he ’s branded his four daughters with the same middle name ( Christian ) to show just how faithful he is .
After seeing him on HSN , I ca n’t help but wonder how the self - described “ most collected living artist ” fares among popular culture today .
I enlist the help of internet sensation chatroulette.com , a website that pairs random strangers in a live video feed .
My thinking is that people on the newly popular chatroulette represent what ’s ‘ going on ’ in the world ; the people so far out on the cutting edge of pop culture they ’re almost falling off into the black vacuum of the future .
I set up Kinkade ’s “ The Christmas Cottage , ” his most popular work , in front of my webcam .
The image depicts a snowy winter scene , trees surrounding a cabin strewn with Christmas lights .
After four hours of observation , I am thoroughly convinced the oft - heard ratio of 1 in 10 chatroulette participants masturbating is a fallacy .
I ’d say it ’s closer to 8 in 10 .
This accounts for why the vast majority of users ( hundreds ) ‘ nexted ’ our video chat , leaving only 34 subjects who stuck around long enough to respond to Kinkade ’s work .
The numbers :
3 out of 34 ( 8 % ) were neutral to “ The Christmas Cottage , ” inspecting the image without facial expressions or comments .
9 out of 34 ( 26 % ) had positive reactions to ‘ The Christmas Cottage ’ : 5 gave a ‘ thumbs up ’ , 1 sexual favor was offered ( in exchange for the painting ) , 3 commented ( “ nice house , ” “ whoever did this has talent , ” “ this makes me feel comfortable ” ) .
23 out of 34 ( 67 % ) had negative reactions to ‘ The Christmas Cottage ’ : 6 laughed heartily , 5 furrowed eyebrows ( in anger ) , 5 wrote “ WTF ” , 3 flipped a middle finger , 4 commented ( “ you ruined my night , ” “ Awful , ” “ shitty painter , ” and my personal favorite , “ this makes me feel like a newt in a pond , covered in scum ” ) .
Although these numbers are somewhat encouraging , I ’d like to share this ( abridged ) conversation I had with a young man clad in a cowboy hat .
Stranger : hello Thomas .
I ’m from Maryland , where do you call home ?
Me : California , the other coast .
Stranger : how many pervs have you gone through before finding a person to
talk to ?
Me : lost count
Stranger : I personaly lost count at about 137
Me : do you like my painting ?
Stranger : you did that ?
with paint ?
Me : yeah my friends call me the Painter of Right .
Stranger : thats very impressive .
I love art .
I do n’t know any artists really .
But your work looks top notch .
Painter of Right ?
Me : thanks .
Its an art term .
Stranger : where do you display your art ?
I would like to see it .
Me : galleries , greeting cards …
Stranger : they sell in hallmark ?
and your name was Tomas Kincaide , correct ?
Me : yes
Stranger : writing that down .
where did you go to school ?
Me : uc berkely
Stranger : how many years does it take to become a certified artist ?
Certified artist ?
There are obviously problems much grander than my new friend ’s misguided appreciation for “ The Christmas Cottage . ”
Stranger : I truly am blown away that I am talking to an artist .
Has your stuff been in movies ?
Blown away , the same words uttered by that woman years ago in the mall .
It suddenly occurs to me that cell phone clips might be the fanny packs of the millennium .
Stranger : I ’m second in command in my dads janitorial business .
Just waiting for him to retire .
nothing like cleaning a few public restrooms to remind you where you came from .
Two things come to mind :
This scene from “ American Movie , ” HYPERLINK and a proposal to rehabilitate your image , Mr. Kinkade : 1 . Throw away hair dye .
2 . Paint a public restroom in all its realness — fluorescent lights dancing over porcelain , sea - green urinal cakes .
Yes , even the swears scrawled into partition walls .
3 . Donate proceeds of painting ( simply titled “ Public Restroom ” ) , along with savings , to small nonprofit arts organization .
5 . Retire .
PS : Thanks to Jeremy for this follow - up link on TK’s DUI …
( photos courtesy of the author ; Kinkade photo : blackchristian.com )
I have n't slept in weeks .
I just try and occupy myself for five minute bursts so that I can justify checking on my empire again .
I wonder if Ming the Merciless ever had this problem , or if he just chopped off interns ' heads until one of them did it for him .
I wish I had some interns .
Or a guillotine .is a browser - based galactic empire RTS .
That might make you think ofwith thrusters , but it 's far more akin to something like , or maybe even Solium Infernum .
I mention that last because a big part of the game is diplomacy .
And by diplomacy I mean betrayal .
And when betrayal is imminent , you can't sleep .
Because you want to be awake when that knife slips between your shoulder blades , do n't you ?
We chatted to Iron Helmet , headed by Australia - based ex-Irrational developer Jay Kyburz , to find out more about the project : Iron Helmet Games is a small group of independent developers interested bringing back and modernizing hard core strategy games .
We do n't believe strategy games need to be overly complex and in fact the games we most enjoy have simple mechanics and an emphasis on player interaction and diplomacy .
We love board games and card games but were beginning to lose our passion for video games .
We wanted to take a step back and make , and play the kinds of games that first captured our imagination .
Many of us have been making FPS's in the Unreal Engine for over 7 years , it was time for a change .
Strategy games gives us something new to think about , new problems to solve , new challenges .
We hope to bring some of the polish of the Bioshock games to whole new genera and platform .
We think it 's an area that needs a shake up .
No , thats exactly what we set out to do .
It 's so easy to get bogged down in the complexity of a strategy game and lose site of whats really important , what the other players are doing .
There is no story in , no real AI .
Inthe players are the heroes and villains .
The tension is created because there is no formal alliance system and you have to trust your neighbors .
You have to interact with them and work out who are the good guys and who you will attack .
Another reason we stripped everything back was so that players could easily make meaningful decisions and understand their consequence .
In large complex games many players find themselves guessing how the underlying mechanics work which leaves them feeling unengaged .
We want players to clearly understand what they are getting when they upgrade their stars or research a technology .
Which then leads back to player interaction because , while the most efficient upgrades are obvious , the actions of the other players introduce an element of risk that must be taken into consideration .
It might be cheapest to build a science facility on your front lines , but will you be able to defend it ?
When we add new features we always look back at those fundamentals , we do n't want to water down what we have now .
The alliance system is a good example , a feature we recently added .
We wanted a feature that would help players cooperate in taking down a larger enemy , so when you have " ceased hostilities " with another player you can pass by their stars and share you scanning data , but there is no formal lock - in of that alliance .
It can end at any time without warning , and there is no sharing of victory .
The important tension is preserved and in fact the risk is greater because your trusted allies can see your stars and their defenses .
The response has been great , players are really enjoying the game and seem willing to contribute to its development .
Yeah , its a little unexpected , but it seems that one of the best selling points for the premium service has been the private games .
We have a significant number of people creating fairly standard games , but making them private and inviting a small group of their friends to play .
Its always more fun to play these kinds of games with your real life friends .
Flash is great , we love working with it .
The only obstacles we faced were in learning all the new technologies .
Flash is a huge platform and you really need to make a product or two before you could say you know what you are doing .
There is tones of stuff we would love to go back and change innow that we know Flash better .
We are also just learning how to run a server and maintain an online game .
Lying in bed at night and wondering if the server is still up is a whole new level of stress for us .
One of the core principles ofis to have players interacting and we do n't feel a bigger game is conducive to that .
We wan't players to get to know and interact with the 6 - 12 players in a game .
It 's a manageable group .
I think generally speaking we would like to keep moving and provide players with a variety of fresh and interesting small games rather than one huge game .
Haha , no .
Though I nearly found myself sleeping on the couch one night when my girlfriend accused me of trading weapons tech to somebody she was attacking .
We play in different games now .
We do n't plan to make too many more significant changes .
We have been internally testing some unique alien races and new technology streams but they have n't been as satisfying as we hoped .
I think the game will look largely the same as it does now .
Right now we are focused on fixing some very rare bugs and optimizing the server .
An official release is still probably a few months away because when your game takes 2 - 6 weeks to play its takes a while to find the bugs and get your feedback .is nearly done .
We have already been talking quite a bit about out next game .
The tech guys have already taken a step back and started building the new flash client and app engine sever .
On the design side we have allot of notes but no functioning game just yet .
The new game , while still focused on diplomacy and social interaction , wo n't be quite so focused on back - stabbing and deviant behavior .
Instead we are going to drop the players is a game with a common goal , to fend off an advancing horde .
Once it 's overcome all players will win .
But its not going to be a cake walk , and the players are going to have to trade and interact in order to succeed .
The players will still be the villains and heroes of our story , but all players will share the rewards of victory or the shame of defeat !
IN THE STORE
MADLIB MEDICINE SHOW NO .
4 : 420 CHALICE ALL - STARS
Madlib Medicine Show No. 4 : 420 Chalice All - Stars , aka Son of Super Ape , is all Jamaican sounds – over 79 minutes of dub , reggae , roots .
This will be released on 4/20 , a date which has significance known to weed - heads worldwide .
The CD contains a 12 - page booklet with a special supplement listing every medicinal marijuana dispensary in Madlib 's home city Los Angeles .
This is the 4th of Madlib 's one - a- month , twelve - CD series on his own
imprint , Madlib Invazion .
Odd numbers in the series are original
productions by Madlib , even numbers are mixtapes .
The digital content industry encompasses the creation , design , management and distribution of digital products and services and the technologies that underpin these activities .
Egypt places high regard in developing and distributing Arabic e-Content that forms the basis of intellectual and cultural inspiration for future generations .
Accordingly , MCIT has led the way to the establishment of an e-content industry in Egypt through its Arabic e-content initiative .
This initiative aims to enhance the competitiveness of the Egyptian e-content industry by supporting the production , use and distribution of Arabic digital content on global networks .
Our investigation in Arizona discovered the real intent of the show - me - your - papers law .
For Truthout.org
[ Phoenix , AZ . ]
Do n't be fooled .
The way the media plays the story , it was a wave of racist , anti-immigrant hysteria that moved Arizona Republicans to pass a sick little law , signed last week , requiring every person in the state to carry papers proving they are US citizens .
I do n't buy it .
Anti-Hispanic hysteria has always been as much a part of Arizona as the Saguaro cactus and excessive air - conditioning .
What 's new here is not the politicians ' fear of a xenophobic “ Teabag ” uprising .
What moved GOP Governor Jan Brewer to sign the Soviet - style show - me - your - papers law is the exploding number of legal Hispanics , US citizens all , who are daring to vote — and daring to vote Democratic by more than two - to - one .
Unless this demographic locomotive is halted , Arizona Republicans know their party will soon be electoral toast .
Or , if you like , tortillas .
In 2008 , working for Rolling Stone with civil rights attorney Bobby Kennedy , our team flew to Arizona to investigate what smelled like an electoral pogrom against Chicano voters … directed by one Jan Brewer .
Brewer , then Secretary of State , had organized a racially loaded purge of the voter rolls that would have made Katherine Harris blush .
Beginning after the 2004 election , under Brewer 's command , no less than 100,000 voters , overwhelmingly Hispanics , were blocked from registering to vote .
In 2005 , the first year of the Great Brown - Out , one in three Phoenix residents found their registration applications rejected .
That statistic caught my attention .
Voting or registering to vote if you 're not a citizen is a felony , a big - time jail - time crime .
And arresting such criminal voters is easy : after all , they give their names and addresses .
Reporter Palast in guard tower over Joe Arpaio 's jail , Maricopa County , Arizona
So I asked Brewer 's office , had she busted a single one of these thousands of allegedly illegal voters ?
Did she turn over even one name to the feds for prosecution ?
No , not one .
Which raises the question : were these disenfranchised voters the criminal , non-citizens Brewer tagged them , or just not - quite - white voters given the Jose Crow treatment , entrapped in document - chase trickery ?
The answer was provided by a federal prosecutor who was sent on a crazy hunt all over the Western mesas looking for these illegal voters .
“ We took over 100 complaints , we investigated for almost 2 years , I did n’t find one prosecutable voter fraud case . ”
This prosecutor , David Iglesias , is a prosecutor no more .
When he refused to fabricate charges of illegal voting among immigrants , his firing was personally ordered by the President of the United States , George W. Bush , under orders from his boss , Karl Rove .
Iglesias ' jurisdiction was next door , in New Mexico , but he told me that Rove and the Republican chieftains were working nationwide to whip up anti-immigrant hysteria with public busts of illegal voters , even though there were none .
“ They wanted some splashy pre-election indictments , ” Iglesias told me .
The former prosecutor , himself a Republican , paid the price when he stood up to this vicious attack on citizenship .
But Secretary of State Brewer followed the Rove plan to a T .
The weapon she used to slice the Arizona voter rolls was a 2004 law , known as “ Prop 200 , ” which required proof of citizenship to register .
It is important to see the Republicans ' latest legislative horror show , sanctioning cops to stop residents and prove citizenship , as just one more step in the party 's desperate plan to impede Mexican - Americans from marching to the ballot box .
[ By the way , no one elected Brewer .
Weirdly , Barack Obama placed her in office last year when , for reasons known only to the Devil and Rahm Emanuel , the President appointed Arizona 's Democratic Governor Janet Napolitano to his cabinet , which automatically moved Republican Brewer into the Governor 's office . ]
State Senator Russell Pearce , the Republican sponsor of the latest ID law , gave away his real intent , blocking the vote , when he said , “ There is a massive effort under way to register illegal aliens in this country . ”
How many ?
Pearce 's PR flak told me , five million .
All Democrats , too .
Again , I asked Pearce 's office to give me their the names and addresses from their phony registration forms .
I 'd happily make a citizens arrest of each one , on camera .
Pearce did n't have five million names .
He did n't have five .
He did n't have one .
The horde of five million voters who swam the Rio Grande just to vote for Obama was calculated on a Republican website extrapolating from the number of Mexicans in a border town who refused jury service because they were not citizens .
Not one , in fact , had registered to vote : they had registered to drive .
They had obtained licenses as required by the law .
The illegal voters , “ wetback ” welfare moms , and alien job thieves are just GOP website wet - dreams , but their mythic PR power helps the party 's electoral hacks chop away at voter rolls and civil rights with little more than a whimper from the Democrats .
Indeed , one reason , I discovered , that some Democrats are silent is that they are in on the game themselves .
In New Mexico , Democratic Party bosses tossed away ballots of Pueblo Indians to cut native influence in party primaries .
But what ’s wrong with requiring folks to prove they ’re American if the want to vote and live in America ?
The answer : because the vast majority of perfectly legal voters and residents who lack ID sufficient for Ms. Brewer and Mr. Pearce are citizens of color , citizens of poverty .
According to a study by prof .
Matt Barreto , of Washington State University , minority citizens are half as likely as whites to have the government ID .
The numbers are dreadfully worse when income is factored in .
Just outside Phoenix , without Brewer 's or Pearce 's help , I did locate one of these evil un -American voters , that is , someone who could not prove her citizenship : 100 - year - old Shirley Preiss .
Her US birth certificate was nowhere to be found as it never existed .
In Phoenix , I stopped in at the Maricopa County prison where Sheriff Joe Arpaio houses the captives of his campaign to stop illegal immigration .
Arpaio , who under the new Arizona law , will be empowered to choose his targets for citizenship testing , is already facing federal indictment for his racially - charged and legally suspect methods .
I admit , I was a little nervous , passing through the iron doors with a big sign , “ NOTICE : ILLEGAL ALIENS ARE PROHIBITED FROM VISITING ANYONE IN THIS JAIL . ”
I mean , Grandma Palast snuck into the USA via Windsor , Canada .
We Palasts are illegal as they come , but Arpaio 's sophisticated deportee - sniffer did n't stop this white boy from entering his sanctum .
But that 's the point , is n't it ?
Not to stop non-citizens from entering Arizona — after all , who else would care for the country club lawn ? — but to harass folks of the wrong color : Democratic blue .
Greg Palast has investigated the illegal disenfranchisement of voters for BBC Television , Rolling Stone ( with Robert Kennedy Jr. ) , Harper 's , The Nation and Truthout.org .
Palast co-authored the investigative comic book , “ Steal Back Your Vote ” with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , available in full color print or for download at www.StealBackYourVote.com for a donation to the not - for - profit Palast Investigative Fund .
Mayor Annise Parker has updated a 12 - year - old Houston non-discrimination policy to include transgendered individuals , a step that has won praise from supporters in the gay community but has prompted criticism as well .
The two executive orders she signed last week prohibit city employees from harassment or discrimination in hiring , promotion and contracting based on gender identity , adding to existing prohibitions based on race , creed , color , sex , national origin , age and disability .
They also allow transgendered individuals to use restroom facilities in city - owned buildings for the gender with which they identify .
For example , a person who identifies as a woman but who is biologically male may now use the women 's restroom .
Previously , transgender city employees had to write a letter to a city official asking for permission to use restrooms of the gender with which they identified .
“ The mayor wanted to put in writing what has already been the city 's practice , which is that we do not discriminate , ” said Janice Evans , Parker 's spokeswoman .
‘ Sad this is happening '
Kris Banks , president of the Houston Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual and Transgender Political Caucus , lauded the move as an important protection that will help GLBT employees feel safe at work .
“ This is essential , ” Banks said .
“ A non-discrimination provision that protects sexual orientation but does n't protect gender identity is toothless .
...
It 's quite a thing , having a mayor that really understands all these issues . ”
Dave Wilson , an anti-gay activist who campaigned against Parker in last year 's mayor 's race because of the fact that she is openly gay , said he fears the executive orders may be “ only the beginning ” of city efforts to strengthen gay rights under Parker 's leadership .
“ I 'm sad this is happening to our city , ” said Wilson , who years ago led a successful effort to amend the city charter to deny benefits to the partners of gay and lesbian city employees .
During a mayoral debate last year , Parker said that making an effort to rescind that charter amendment would not be a priority of her administration .
City Attorney Arturo Michel said the two orders do not govern restroom use in city facilities for the public , only employees .
As mayor , Parker has the authority to issue orders governing the workplace behavior of city employees , but an ordinance would be required for similar changes dealing with restroom use to be made citywide .
It is a class C misdemeanor for someone to enter the restroom of the opposite sex without permission from the owner of the building where the restroom is located , he said .
While transgender employees no longer have to seek permission from the city 's director of general services , the department that oversees city buildings , transgender residents must do so , he said .
bradley.olson@chron.com
Microsoft has reconfirmed their commitment to help with jQuery development and will start by adding support for templating and is allocating resources including full time developers .
John Resig , JQuery creator , declared that jQuery will remained an independent open source project and will not be moved to CodePlex .
j Query was first released by John Resig back in 2006 , and Microsoft announced their support of the JavaScript library in 2008 .
During MIX 2010 Microsoft reconfirmed their commitment to advance jQuery , and they will contribute in three areas : templating , script loading and data binding .
An unspecified number of ASP.
NET developers are already working full time on jQuery .
The planned jQuery additions are going to be platform and language independent , i.e. they are not going to be tied up to ASP although Microsoft intends to use it in ASP .
NET for client - side development .
Actually , jQuery 1.4.2 is included with Visual Studio 2010 and ASP.
NET MVC .
John Resig declared that there are no plans to move jQuery to CodePlex , and the library will remain an independent project .
The first feature to be added is a templating engine useful to render data in a flexible way through templates .
Stephen Walther , a Senior PM focused on ASP.
NET MVC at Microsoft , has submitted a template proposal which is supposed to go through the usual validation process set up for jQuery based on community ’s feedback which can accept or reject any proposal .
The proposed API mentions the following new methods :
jQuery.fn.render – rendering DOM elements
jQuery.fn.append( " #template " , arrayOrObject , options ) – support for DOM manipulation by specifying a template
j Query .
templates – add compiled templates to the templates settings object
jQuery.tmplFn – useful to extend the built - in functions with new ones
The proposal contains a rendering example :
< script type =" text / javascript " > j Query ( function ( ) { var products = [ { name : " Product 1 " , price : 12.99} , { name : " Product 2 " , price : 9.99} , { name : " Product 3 " , price : 35.59} ] ; $ ( " #template " ) .render ( products ) .appendTo ( " ul " ) ; } ) ; </ script > < script id =" template " type = " text / html " > < li >{ %= name %} - { %= price %}</li > </ script > <ul ></ul >
The above code is meant to produce the following result :
Product 1 – 12.99
Product 2 – 9.99
Product 3 – 35.59
An experimental plug - in is available , demonstrating how the templating engine is supposed to work .
Help us map the voting pattern for the general election today .
When you 've cast your ballot , send a tweet with the #ukvote hashtag followed by the first half of your postcode ( the details must be written in this order ) .
Please do n't say how you 've voted - that 's your secret .
Produced in association with Tweetminster , Channel 4 News and the New Statesman
We hear a lot of Republican and Democrat talking points about healthcare .
As Libertarians , it ’s important that people understand that we have our own voice and our own solutions for the rising costs of healthcare .
If you like this story , please forward it to your friends and family by clicking the Forward button below .
So , what is the difference between gas stations and hospitals ?
More after the jump …
1. Prices –
The most obvious difference is price .
Gas Stations have big signs advertising their prices so that you as a consumer can decide how much you are willing to pay without even slowing down along the highway .
There are federal regulations that prohibit hospitals from advertising and competing based on prices .
2. Upfront Estimates –
When you need a mechanic to replace your head gasket , he will give you an upfront estimate of the price .
He will often give you a list of less expensive alternatives if they are available .
When you ask a surgeon to replace your heart , there are federal regulations and AMA rules that prevent the distribution of price estimates .
3. Competition –
If someone wants to build a Gas Station across the street from a competing Gas Station , its quite alright .
If someone wants to build a hospital , they have to prove to the Federal Trade Commission that the hospital wo n’t lower prices in the community or cause undue competition .
4. Monopoly –
In the early 20th century , the federal government broke up a monopoly on oil and gasoline distribution .
[ Not quite .
The government actually paved the way for the current near - oligopoly through legislation and regulation .
See comments below and Thomas DiLorenzo for more information . ]
In the mid-20th century , they created a monopoly on hospitals and doctors because the American Medical Association said there were too many doctors , too much competition , and doctor ’s could n’t earn enough money .
5. Do It Yourself – When you go to the Gas Station , you can pay someone to fix your car and fill up your tank , or you can buy what you need to do it yourself .
At a hospital or pharmacy , you ca n’t make any decisions on what medications you can take , dosage levels , or treatments .
You must have the " official " opinion of a state regulated doctor .
6. Choice –
When shopping for mechanics , you can decide to hire your handy neighbor , or find someone with all the latest training and certifications .
When shopping for doctors , your only choice is regulated by the state .
7. Purchasing Power –
When you buy gasoline , you are paying for the gasoline you actually purchase ( and a little extra for the small amount of theft ) .
When you buy healthcare , your price includes a large government imposed subsidy for those who ca n’t afford it , thus making healthcare less affordable to more and more people each year .
So if you wanted to make healthcare cheaper what would you do ?
Impose more rules or less ?
Allow competition or create a more restrictive monopoly ?
Thanks to Robert Butler of the Libertarian Party of Texas for sending me this article .
MiddleEasy has some sad news for those still salivating for an Anderson Silva vs. Georges St. Pierre super - fight :
Today , I received an email from someone who trains in Team Roughhouse .
Apparently over the weekend , Joe Silva called Paul Daley to let him know that the winner of his upcoming UFC 113 bout with Josh Koscheck will be the new coach on The Ultimate Fighter Season 12 with Georges St. Pierre coaching the opposite team .
You 're probably already putting the pieces together .
Whoever is Georges St. Pierre 's rival coach on TUF 12 will eventually face GSP at the end of the show and it will be for the UFC Welterweight title .
This confirms earlier rumors swirling from Dana White 's statements a few weeks ago :
" I 'm working on something right now that I can't talk to you guys about because I do n't have it done yet , " White said of the Koscheck - Daley fight , which takes place May 8 at UFC 113 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
" But it has to do with that fight , so we 'll see what happens . "
I have to admit , the winner of Koscheck vs Daley makes a very good case for a title shot , but I 'm not a big fan of holding - up a title for several months so they can film and televise a reality show .
Plus , having sniffed the idea of a possible dream match up between Silva and St. Pierre has already dulled my appetite in seeing GSP fight another welterweight contender .
Description :
This tool will allow you to conjugate spanish verb infinitives .
It is ideal for studying as well as completing high school and college spanish class assignments .
Directions :
Type the Spanish verb infinitive you wish to conjugate into the box above , and press conjugate .
New : Verb Translations
Infinitive : Output
Table
List Tenses Present Indicative Imperfect Preterite Future Conditional Imperative Present Subjunctive Imperfect Subjunctive Gerund Past Participle Subject Pronouns
Yes
No Imperfect Subjunctive Endings
-ra
-se
:: FEEDBACK : : Name : Location : E-mail : Comment :
( C ) 2006 www.conjugation.org Spanish Verb Conjugations
Abbie Dorn lies in a hospital bed in her parents ’ home on the South Carolina coast .
A halo of dark curls frames her pale face .
The pump for her feeding tube clicks softly in the quiet room .
Yaakov Cohen , her older brother , settles into a folding chair by her side and begins to read .
The subject is accounting .
Interest payable .
Bonds issued at a discount .
Five - year amortization schedules .
Abbie begins to cry .
Yaakov smooths her forehead , “ I know this is a little boring , Abs . ”
She calms .
He reads .
Yaakov is working toward an accounting degree .
Abbie once kept the books for her in - laws ’
Los Angeles real estate business .
That was before she checked into Cedars - Sinai Medical Center nearly four years ago to deliver triplets -- a procedure so fraught with medical error that she is no longer able to move or speak .
A digital frame across from her bed flashes pictures of her smiling , healthy children : Esti , pretty in pink .
Yossi eating dry cereal with a spoon .
Reuvi on his maternal grandfather ’s lap , roughhousing .
Abbie and their father , Dan Dorn , have divorced , and Dan is raising the children in a modest Beverlywood bungalow .
Abbie , 34 , held her babies only once , the day of their birth .
She has not seen them in nearly 2 1/2 years .
Abbie ’s parents have been named conservators of her estate , which includes a multimillion - dollar malpractice settlement , and are asking a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge to order Dan to let Abbie see her children .
Dan has refused all requests , arguing that visitation would be too traumatic at their young age .
The bitter dispute raises questions both legal and profoundly human .
What is a parent ?
What constitutes a parent - child relationship ?
How do you show children that they are loved ?
And can Abbie Dorn ever be a mother to her children ?
In court papers , Dan , 33 , describes the woman he once loved as “ in a vegetative state with virtually no hope for recovery . ”
His attorney , Vicki Greene , says , “ As far as we know , Abbie is incompetent , ” that the case is all about her parents ’ wishes , that “ we do n’t know what Abbie wants , because Abbie ca n’t speak for herself . ”
Abbie ’s mother argues vehemently otherwise .
Her daughter , Susan Cohen says , has improved markedly since “ the event . ”
She gets hours of therapy each day .
She can read .
She is capable of complex thought .
And she can communicate .
With her smile .
Her tears .
And , most of all , her eyes .
“ I ask her , ‘ Do you want to see your children ? ’ ” Susan says .
“ And she gives me a long blink . ”
b
Abbie ’s face is alight with joy and promise , head tossed back , her veil a gauzy cloud .
Her smile could not be wider .
The moment is frozen in a black - and - white photograph in her parents ’ living room .
It was taken Aug. 18 , 2002 , Abbie and Dan ’s wedding day .
She had just finished chiropractic school in Atlanta .
He hoped to expand the family business , which his grandfather launched during the Great Depression .
They wanted children right away and dreamed of raising their Orthodox Jewish family in the tight - knit Los Angeles Lubavitcher community .
After two years , they began fertility treatments .
Abbie eventually became pregnant and spent the last half of her pregnancy in bed on doctor ’s orders .
Dan , recalls Susan , “ was devoted .
He was very protective about her not overdoing when she was on bed rest .
He would dress her every morning , picked her clothes out . ”
At 8 a.m. on June 20 , 2006 , the couple raced the short distance to Cedars - Sinai Medical Center .
Esti and Reuvi were born without incident .
But Yossi was positioned awkwardly , and while delivering him , Abbie ’s doctor nicked her uterus , according to the malpractice attorney .
She subsequently lost a massive amount of blood .
By 2:30 a.m. , she was in shock , her arms and legs cold and clammy .
By around 6 a.m. , she had stopped breathing .
Then she went into cardiac arrest .
The defibrillator did not work properly .
Her brain was starved for oxygen .
Susan and Paul , Abbie ’s physician father , were still in South Carolina when Dan called to break the news .
Susan answered the phone , listened briefly , then screamed .
“ Is she dead ? ”
The Cohens flew to Los Angeles right away .
They found Abbie on a respirator in intensive care after an emergency hysterectomy .
“ When her mother came in , [ Abbie ’s ] eyes bugged out , ” Paul recalls .
“ She was awake .
And she became very agitated .
Obviously she recognized [ Susan ] , so her brain was working at the time .
They gave her more sedation to help her relax .
She was fighting the respirator . ”
Over the next 48 hours , Abbie slowly improved .
Her blood was clotting .
Her kidneys were working .
Family members allowed themselves a sliver of hope .
Then , early in the evening on June 23 , Abbie became very still .
The Cohens crowded around her bed along with Roz Dorn , Dan ’s mother .
“ Wiggle your toes , ” the two women urged Abbie .
“ Wiggle your fingers . ”
Abbie did not respond .
Paul leaned over his gravely ill daughter and gently lifted her eyelids .
Her right pupil was dilated , indicating increased pressure to the brain .
“ I knew at the time , ” Paul recounts , “ that things had gone from bad to worse . ”
b
Three months at Cedars - Sinai were followed by seven months in an Oxnard skilled nursing center .
When Abbie ’s insurance coverage ran out , her parents moved her to the $ 1,650 - a- day Centre for Neuro Skills in Bakersfield , cashing in their retirement funds and selling their boat to pay for it .
Abbie ’s progress was slow and painful .
Strokes often affect specific parts of the brain , but when Abbie ’s brain was deprived of oxygen , it damaged the entire organ .
In addition to being unable to move or speak , she could no longer eat or drink .
She was incontinent .
Her hands and arms curled tight against her torso .
Her feet were permanently extended , like a ballerina ’s feet en pointe .
Muscle spasms made her cry .
Paul quit his job so he and Abbie ’s mother could move to California , where they rented to be near their daughter .
Susan spent her days at Abbie ’s side .
Paul found work at a community clinic in Watts and commuted daily .
At first , Dan visited regularly , sometimes bringing their babies for his wife to see .
But as the months passed , the visits tapered off .
Exactly a year after “ the event , ” Paul was stuck in rush - hour traffic when his cellphone rang .
It was Dan .
“ I want to move on , ” Paul recalls his son - in - law telling him .
“ I want to get married again . ”
Dan declined to be interviewed .
Through his attorney , he answered four brief questions about his understanding of Abbie ’s prognosis and his decision to divorce .
He was briefly engaged but that relationship was broken off .
After the botched delivery , “ I was hopeful until 11 or 12 months , because all studies show that your chances of recovery or getting better are slim to none after that point , ” he says .
But when a year had passed , the neurosurgeon told him that Abbie “ has not ‘ been there ’ since Day One , ” Dan says .
“ I was 31 years of age , with three 1 - year - olds , and I wanted to start rebuilding my life . ”
It was time to take Abbie home to South Carolina .
b
Abbie saw her children for the last time on a Sunday in October 2007 .
They were 17 months old , cavorting on playground equipment at Westwold Park , across the street from Abbie ’s apartment at the Centre for Neuro Skills .
Abbie sat in a wheelchair with an extra high back to support her head .
As she watched her children play , her body seized with muscle spasms .
She cried out .
After a couple of hours , Dan scooped up the children and drove them home .
“ That was the last time Dan saw her too , ” Susan recalls .
“ That ’s probably the memory he has of her -- someone in constant pain . ”
Abbie was flown east two weeks later , to her parents ’ sprawling home .
Her hospital bed stands in the center of a sea - foam green first - floor suite with a kitchenette .
An intricate calendar is pinned to one wall , a color - coded guide to Abbie ’s busy , hopeful schedule :
Hot pink for occupational therapy .
Aqua for massage .
Dark green , neuro - feedback .
Chartreuse is for acutonics , a doubly alternative regimen of acupuncture that uses tuning forks instead of needles .
Abbie spends several hours every day strapped snugly onto a tilting table that allows her to stand nearly upright and helps to strengthen her legs .
Across from her bed hangs a group portrait Susan commissioned in Oxnard : Abbie striding across the dunes with three laughing toddlers toward a kneeling man , his arms outstretched .
“ It was important to me for Abbie to see herself well and walking , ” Susan said .
“ And she does look at that picture , all the time . ”
Susan , a former medical social worker specializing in neurosurgery patients , designed her daughter ’s rehab program , which is funded by a nearly $ 8 - million malpractice settlement and costs about $ 33,000 a month .
In a 2007 medical report filed during court proceedings to name the Cohens as Abbie ’s conservators , neurologist Richard Helvie described her condition as “ permanent . ”
The report contained a long catalog of mental functions ;
Helvie described Abbie as “ so impaired as to be incapable of being assessed ” for most of them .
But Abbie ’s therapists swear otherwise in letters contained in the growing court file .
“ Abbie has shown remarkable progress over the course of the past two years , ” wrote acupuncturist Susan Swearengen .
“ She now clearly demonstrates a basic ability to comprehend and communicate .
She no longer cries inexplicably . ”
Susan has set goals for her daughter : “ I want Abbie to get better .
I want the children to gradually know who their mother is .
. . .
I eventually want them to come here . ”
b
The difference between Susan ’s view and Dan ’s -- between vital and vegetative -- is central to the battle over Esti , Reuvi and Yossi .
Abbie and Dan were divorced on Sept. 11 , 2008 , in a proceeding that left decisions over custody , visitation , support and property until later .
A trial is scheduled for May 13 .
Dan has asked that Abbie pay child support .
His attorneys in the increasingly rancorous case have requested that Abbie be questioned and a videotape of the deposition shown in court .
Abbie ’s attorneys have been granted an emergency order protecting her from such questioning .
They have asked that the children see a psychologist to prepare them for meeting their mother .
They want Paul , who flies out four times a year to visit the triplets , to be able to tell them about Abbie .
The triplets call him Saba , Hebrew for grandfather , but Paul does not believe they know what that means .
He does not tell them that he is their mother ’s father .
He does not tell them about their mother at all .
He describes Dan as the “ keymaster ” to his beloved grandchildren and does not want to anger him and lose all access .
On a trip last December , Paul drove with Dan to pick the triplets up from preschool .
The principal approached Dan , Paul says , to report that Yossi was asking , “ Why do n’t I have a mommy like everybody else ? ”
At a recent pretrial hearing , Superior Court Judge Rudolph Diaz called the case “ serious , ” “ complicated ” and “ novel for me ” -- sentiments echoed by family law and child development experts .
The California Supreme Court ruled in 1979 that disabled parents cannot be denied custody simply because of their handicaps .
Parenting , the justices wrote , is as much about emotion as it is about physical ability .
“ A handicapped parent is a whole person to the child who needs his affection , sympathy and wisdom to deal with the problems of growing up , ” the justices wrote .
But that case was about custody , not visitation , and concerned a quadriplegic parent who had raised his children alone before his injury and who could talk and drive .
Lisa Helfend Meyer , Abbie ’s attorney , said , “ There is no case in point that addresses Abbie ’s particular circumstance , whether someone in her condition has a constitutional right to parent or visit her children . ”
But as she argued in March during a pretrial hearing , “ Abbie is alive and wants to see her children .
. . .
The children need to have a relationship with their mother .
The kids need to know the truth . ”
Meyer points to the California Family Code , which says that the “ public policy of this state ” is to make sure children have “ frequent and continuing contact with both parents . ”
The only exception is if that contact is not “ in the best interest of the child . ”
To Vicki Greene , Dan ’s attorney , the case boils down to who is doing the talking .
Abbie ’s brain injury has left her incapable of even asking to see her children , Greene says , let alone interacting with them .
“ Our position is that it ’s really the grandparents talking , not Abbie , it ’s the grandparents ’ desire , not Abbie ’s , ” she said , and the grandparents have no legal standing to ask for visitation .
In court documents filed Thursday , Dan charges that the Cohens are trying “ to financially destroy the children ’s sole means of support ” by pushing costly litigation and attempting “ to force visitation that the children are too young to understand and may cause more psychological long - term harm than good . ”
Greene says
Dan worries that the triplets would feel “ terribly guilty ” if they see Abbie in her current condition and “ know that their childbirth put her in that position . ”
“ He is not opposed to them seeing her when they are older , if they want to , ” Greene says .
“ They are too young , and there is no evidence of any ability [ by Abbie ] to interact with them . ”
b
Abbie is strapped onto her tilting table on a blustery afternoon in March .
She is neatly dressed in pink sweat pants and a black , long - sleeved T - shirt .
Paul and Susan are in Virginia , where Abbie ’s younger sister has just given birth to a healthy baby boy .
Preparations continue in the legal battle over Esti , Reuvi and Yossi .
The parade of therapists has ended for the day , the house is quiet and caregiver Amber Morrell is explaining how to have a conversation with Abbie .
Make sure to ask simple yes - or - no questions .
Give her time to think and reply .
A long blink means yes .
No response means no .
“ Do you want to see your children again ? ” Abbie is asked .
She blinks , long and hard .
maria.laganga@latimes.com
In the end , the young snake , which could have grown to nearly five feet in adulthood , got stuck in one of several traps set by the fire brigade and expired from exhaustion .
When toxins secreted from pathogenic bacteria lyse a vesicle containing an antibacterial agent , the agent destroys the bacteria .
Image credit : Zhou , et al. © 2010 American Chemical Society .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Although bacterial infection as a clinical problem was reportedly defeated with the widespread use of antibiotics in the 1950s , its re-emergence over the last few decades has persuaded researchers to develop new methods for killing and preventing the growth of pathogenic bacteria .
In a new study , a team of chemists from the University of Bath , UK , have taken steps to engineer a " smart " wound dressing system that releases an encapsulated antimicrobial agent only in the presence of pathogenic bacteria , allowing the body ’s normal microflora to continue providing a natural defense against infection .
The prototype wound dressing is made of a nonwoven polypropylene fabric .
Attached to the fabric are vesicles containing an antibacterial agent .
One of the virulence factors of many pathogenic bacteria ( but not nonpathogenic bacteria ) is that they secrete toxins or enzymes that damage vesicle membranes by lysing ( bursting ) them .
When the pathogenic bacteria lyse the membranes of the vesicles attached to the smart fabric , the vesicles rupture , releasing the antibacterial agent and destroying the bacteria .
In this way , the vesicle system can be thought of as a “ Trojan horse , ” inciting pathogenic bacteria to act as agents of their own destruction .
In their experiments , the researchers took samples of a viable bacterial population of two species ( Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas aeruginosa ) every 20 minutes for four hours following exposure to the smart fabric .
They observed significant decreases in the concentrations of both species , and eventually nearly complete inhibition .
The researchers also found that concentrations of P. aeruginosa declined at a faster rate than S. aureus due to P. aeruginosa ’s greater sensitivity to the encapsulated antimicrobial agent
Further , the researchers observed that , in uninfected samples that contained only non-pathogenic Escherichia coli , concentrations of the E. coli were only slightly reduced , which likely resulted from minor leakage of the vesicles .
By ensuring that the antibacterial agent is released only in the presence of pathogenic bacteria , the strategy minimizes evolutionary pressure for the selection of antibiotic - resistant bacteria , prolonging the effectiveness of the antibacterial agent .
“ The potential significance of this work is that we have a proof - of - principle of a ‘ smart ’ system which is able to discriminate between pathogenic and non-pathogenic bacteria , ” coauthor Toby Jenkins of the University of Bath told PhysOrg.com .
“ The advantage of this in a wound dressing is that it will only release an antimicrobial if the wound becomes infected with dangerous bacteria , but wo n’t respond to harmless commensal bacteria which may be present .
This reduces the evolutionary selection pressure on bacteria of all types to evolve resistance and should slow the emergence of new antibiotic resistant species of bacteria such as MRSA . ”
These fluorescence images show vesicles containing an antibacterial agent in the presence of three bacteria species .
The two pathogenic bacteria species ( top two rows ) lyse the vesicle membrane , causing it to lose its encapsulated dye , while nonpathological E. coli does not damage the vesicle membrane .
Image credit : Zhou , et al. © 2010 American Chemical Society .
In addition to controlling bacterial growth and infection , the researchers intend to enable the smart fabric to change color on infected wounds .
They explain that a simple colorimetric or fluorometric response could be built into the fabric , giving patients and clinicians early warning of wound infection .
“ From a clinical perspective , especially in the treatment of pediatric burns , there is an enormous advantage in being able to leave a dressing in situ for as long as possible following a burn , as this promotes healing , reduces trauma and ultimately saves money , ” Jenkins said .
Overall , the researchers have shown that one of the very features that makes some bacteria pathogenic - the ability to damage cell membranes - can be used against them .
However , before the smart fabric can be commercially produced , the researchers still must find solutions to several problems , including vesicle stability , tuning of response , and manufacturability , among others .
“ We hope to have a full working prototype , with a clear pathway to manufacturability by 2014 , ” Jenkins said .
“ We envisage a further three to four years of safety and compliance testing , so 2017 is probably the earliest realistic target for coming to market . ”
Still , as Jenkins explained , no matter how advanced such technology becomes , it will not be possible to fully eliminate the threat of clinical bacterial infection , as thought in the ‘ 50s .
Instead , the battle will be an ongoing one .
“ The process of evolution by natural selection - the process by which we evolved and bacteria evolve antibiotic resistance - is too powerful a force [ to allow antibacterial agents to eliminate pathogenic bacterial infection ] , ” he said .
“ But we can try to be clever , understand better how this process works , and try to stay one step ahead of Nature . ”
Explore further Researchers to develop coatings that kill superbugs
More information : Jin Zhou , Andrew L. Loftus , Geraldine Mulley , and A. Toby A. Jenkins .
“ A Thin Film Detection / Response System for Pathogenic Bacteria . ” J. Am. Chem. Soc. Doi:10.1021 / ja101554a Jin Zhou , Andrew L. Loftus , Geraldine Mulley , and A. Toby A. Jenkins .
“ A Thin Film Detection / Response System for Pathogenic Bacteria . ”
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
British motorists are unwitting users of diesel and petrol derived from the tar sands of Alberta , Canada , where carbon - heavy production methods make extraction particularly damaging to the environment , Greenpeace claims .
The environmental group is calling for action by the European commission to strengthen fuel - quality directive regulations to restrict the import of petroleum products made in a carbon - intensive way .
The move comes as the tar sands producers appear to be trying to use the BP oil rig disaster in the Gulf of Mexico as a public relations tool to promote their industry over deepwater drilling .
In a report out on Tuesday Greenpeace says that it has spent time tracking tar sands crude over 12 months and believes that considerable quantities are now being exported to Europe , via refineries in the southern states of the US .
While City investors have begun to question the role of companies such as BP and Shell in the tar sands business , British environmentalists – and consumers – have tended to believe that Alberta crude is used only in North America .
But the Greenpeace report , entitled Tar Sands in Your Tank : Exposing Europe 's role in Canada 's dirty oil trade , comes to different conclusions .
" The reach of tar sands crude is wider than previously thought .
In fact , petroleum products derived partly from tar sands crude oil have been regularly entering the European Union 's petroleum supply chain , " it concludes .
The environmentalists believe this practice will become more widespread .
One company claimed to be at the centre of the trade , the US refiner Valero Energy , plans to increase supplies at its Port Arthur refinery significantly via a controversial new pipeline from Canada to the US Gulf coast , where the BP - leased Deepwater Horizon rig sank , causing a huge oil leak .
Greenpeace also believes that BP has refined at least one consignment of tar sands crude at the Texas City plant on the same coast , which is a regular location for exporting diesel to Europe .
The rival oil producer ExxonMobil is also handling Canadian tar sands at its Baytown refinery near Houston and has exported at least one diesel shipment to Europe over the period studied , according to Greenpeace .
The green group admits that it cannot ultimately prove that any particular consignment derived from Canada ended up in Britain or Europe , given that refined diesel or petrol is of a uniform quality , but it says that the weight of evidence firmly points in this direction .
Exxon said that it could not comment on tar sands refining or exporting .
" The crude oils we process at our refineries come from a variety of sources around the world , " said a spokesman .
" However , what types of crude are processed at each refinery , how much , and when are all details that we do not discuss publicly as a matter of practice . "
Valero confirmed that it was part of a project to expand the Keystone pipeline from western Canada down to the US Gulf Coast .
" Once the Keystone pipeline expansion is complete in 2012 or 2013 , Valero expects to be one of the largest recipients of heavy crude oil from the project , " a company spokesman said .
He added that much of that oil would be refined at Port Arthur , which is geared up to process heavy crude .
Valero also confirmed that its refineries were exporting diesel to Europe , but said that : " Exports of gasoline [ petrol ] from the US to Europe are rare , since Europe usually has an oversupply of gasoline . "
BP , which is investing heavily in tar sand production and upgrading refineries near the Great Lakes specifically to refine this crude , had no comment to make on any existing exports .
Glen Schmidt , chief executive of Laricina Energy , part of the industry lobby group
In Situ Oil Sands Alliance , told the Edmonton Journal in Canada that while there were sometimes failures with conventional oil and tar sands projects , " the damage would be much smaller and more modest than with offshore spills " .
Similarly an editorial in the Calgary Herald said : " Anyone assessing the risks associated with drilling offshore versus the oil sands is going to be looking at things much differently today than he would have last week .
All of a sudden it's a choice between risks that are quantifiable versus those that are unknown . "
A frequently heard comment after the Pune blasts was that had the Maharashtra brass not been so focused on protecting Shah Rukh Khan ’s film , more police force would be available to Pune .
Now while it is easy to empathise with the spirit behind this comment , given that the political will to do deal with such issues is often lacking , the connection drawn is worth scrutinizing .
Prevention of terrorist attacks has little to do with mere police presence and in a case like Pune , where the attack came in the form of a bomb in a bag , it is virtually impossible to prevent an attack without either very good intelligence or very good luck .
There are only so many public places where we can have baggage checks , and the truth is that in a lot of cases where these checks have been instituted , they have far too many gaps which any determined set of extremists can easily exploit .
And when it comes to suicide bombing , without prior and specific intelligence there is very little that police presence can do that will be of any help .
In India , preventing terrorist attacks is a massive and extremely difficult enterprise that calls for sweeping and radical in all aspects of the administration .
Since terrorism penetrates all aspects of everyday civilian life and comes without warning , tackling it is not a specific isolatable task , it requires the entire administrative machinery to be streamlined and functioning efficiently at all times .
The reality on the ground is so far from what is needed that pinning too much hope on our ability to prevent attacks on a sustained basis is nothing but wishful thinking .
We have a police force that is demoralized and defines its role as a protector of the powers that rule the state rather than of the people who populate it .
It is very poorly paid and offers abysmal working conditions , apart from being manipulated at will by politicians .
Our borders are porous and the huge coastline makes prevention of infiltration extremely difficult .
The Indian situation is very different from the American one both in terms of the nature of the problem and in the ability to deal with it .
We cannot wish away the fact that we are a genuine federation of very diverse cultures and face fissiparous pressures from many sources .
We have various separatist groups in different parts of India as well the Maoists in the heart of India .
It is not easy to isolate and track possible sources of threat given the diversity and the complexity of the sources .
While there are management issues that compound the problem , it is important to acknowledge that the problem we face is an exceedingly difficult one with very few easy answers .
The Pakistan factor complicates the issue for it gives to our reaction an edge of righteous hysteria .
Unfortunately , there is not that much we can do on the ground to back this reaction .
Going by current accounts , our options seem to include not doing things rather than doing them .
Not talking to them , not inviting their players to a domestic tournament , not showing their television channels - these are the only actions we seem to take succor in .
Any large scale military action is ruled out thanks to Pakistan being a nuclear state - and that leaves room for covert action , which even if it were to occur , would never find mention in the public domain .
Given this , perhaps it is time we begin to rethink our reaction to terrorism .
Along with quiet and determined action on the ground , a more sober response to random acts of violence might be useful .
Terror is created by our reaction to these random acts of symbolic violence ; in some way it is a choice we make .
For instance , our reaction to the death of 25 policemen in a Maoist attack is much more muted than that to the Pune blast and we have stopped reacting to deaths in Kashmir and the North East altogether .
Acts of violence here do not translate into terror in our minds because we think of these as somebody else ’s problem .
It is when the cities become targets of random violence that we erupt in shrill anger .
Aided by media vituperation , we envelop ourselves in a blanket of fear and anxiety .
At some stage , we will need to fight back terrorism by refusing to be terrorized .
Otherwise we are allowing too much fear to be spread with very little input from the side of the terrorists .
This does not mean that we do nothing but that we temper our reactions in keeping with the reality on the ground .
As pointed out last week , the number of deaths on account of terrorism has sharply declined in the last few years .
A less hysterical and more realistic response is not a sign of weakness , on the contrary a noisy rant not backed up by action is .
Complex problems need nuanced approaches ; and nuance is something we do n’t really seem capable of right now .
Strain Name : LA Confidential
Grade : B
Type : Hybrid
Looks :
Most buds have purple and bright and dark red hairs and lots of crystals that look like snow caps .
The buds look really good , better than it actually is .
Smell : Very unique smell !
Smells like the wood panels in a sauna steam room with a hint of pine .
Taste :
The taste is almost identical to the smell .
Tastes like wood panels from a sauna with hints of sappy pine trees .
Unfortunately it has the burnt campfire leave taste on the exhale .
Some of the all purple buds have a little bit of a grape taste too .
Effects : Day or night time use !
Provided a clean anti-anxiety calming effect while still being clear headed .
Good for relaxing and getting stuff done at the same time .
Medical effects seem to only last a short while .
Potency : Medium
Reviewed By : Volcanobis
Notes :
Put out a below average amount vapor out of the Volcano vaporizer which in turn increases the amount used to achieve the medicinal effects .
The taste and smell were very good
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Would you consider taking a job with a government agency that : c Unnecessarily strikes fear into the hearts of tens of millions of your fellow citizens , causing such anguish and despair that some are driven to suicide each year .
c Requires citizens to know 10 million words of rules and regulations because the failure to do so may result in draconian fines and even jail , while at the same time no one in the agency has a full understanding of all the rules and regulations it requires others to know .
c Routinely ignores the constitutional protections against self - incrimination and the right to the presumption of innocence .
c Seizes the assets of citizens without obtaining court judgments .
c Penalizes marriage .
c Discriminates against many of the nation ’s most productive citizens .
c Destroys incentives to work , save and invest , and undermines job creation .
c Routinely protects agency personnel who have engaged in citizen intimidation , misrepresentation or worse ?
No , I am not referring to the Nazi SS or the Soviet KGB , but the IRS , which is guilty of all of the above and more .
It is , of course , true that no one loves the tax collector and that taxes are the price we pay for a civil society .
But , as with anything else , there are proper and improper taxes and tax collection procedures and methods .
According to news accounts , attacks and threats against IRS personnel are rising , and unfortunately , this trend is likely to continue until there is a fundamental change in our tax laws and collection methods .
People who do not have access to the media and cannot afford expensive tax lawyers sometimes reach such a level of frustration with the IRS that they resort to violent or irrational behavior .
IRS officials and workers will say the tax code is not their fault - it is the fault of Congress - and they are only doing their jobs .
It is unambiguously true that the tax code and IRS are creatures of Congress , with all of its self - dealing , corruption , ignorance and incompetence .
But it also is true , and was made explicit at the Nuremberg trials , that those who carry out orders that they know to be wrong or should know to be wrong are not absolved of personal responsibility .
The county tax collector who is responsible for the collection of property taxes is engaged in a necessary activity because it is through his or her efforts that the local police , fire departments and schools are funded .
In most places , all pay the same tax rate , with those having more expensive properties paying proportionally more and vice versa .
The tax , and how it is applied , is readily understood by most people .
Even though many may complain about the tax rate , the tax itself is generally considered fair .
Similarly , those who work in a state sales - tax collection office are administering a tax whose proceeds go for purposes that are generally understood - schools , roads , parks , etc .
The tax itself is nondiscriminatory and is easy to comprehend .
As a result , there tends to be little general hostility against property - and sales - tax collectors , most people viewing their job as a necessary function .
Unlike the local property and sales taxes , the federal income tax and the IRS have perverted the law , which is supposed to ensure equal justice , into an instrument of plunder through legislation ( as contrasted with constitutional law ) and regulation .
The Constitution gives the federal government the right to tax for the “ common Defense ” and “ general [ not specific ] welfare ” ( e.g. , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ) .
Many of the current departments of government ( e.g. , the Departments of Housing , Energy , Education and Health and Human Services ) seem to have no constitutional basis , and nowhere does the Constitution give the federal government the power to engage in income redistribution .
Most of the Founding Fathers were students of the Scottish Enlightenment , and the most influential book on their thinking was Adam Smith ’s “ The Wealth of Nations , ” published in 1776 .
( Smith and Ben Franklin were personal friends . )
In his section on taxation , Smith said : “ The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government … that is , in proportion to the revenue which they respectively enjoy under the protection of the state . ”
In modern parlance , Smith was endorsing a proportional or “ flat tax , ” or VAT , or sales tax .
Smith went on to say , “ The tax which each individual is bound to pay ought to be certain , and not arbitrary .
Where it is otherwise , every person subject to the tax is put more or less in the power of the tax gatherer . … ”
Finally , Smith noted : “ Every tax ought to be so contrived as both to take out and to keep out of the pockets of the people as little as possible , over and above what it brings into the public treasury of the state . ”
The income tax and IRS fail on all accounts , and neither Smith nor the American Founders would have approved .
The French political and economic philosopher Frederic Bastiat correctly said , “ No society can exist unless the laws are respected to a certain degree , but the safest way to make them respected is to make them respectable .
When law and morality are in contradiction to each other , the citizen finds himself in the cruel alternative of either losing his moral sense , or of losing his respect for the law . ”
The tax law could be made fair , certain and efficient .
The tragedy is that too many at the IRS and in Congress have lost their moral sense , causing their fellow citizens to lose respect for the law .
Richard W. Rahn is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
High concurrency counters without sharding
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , app- engine , cookbook , coding
Sharded Counters are a well known technique for keeping counters with high update rates on App Engine .
Less well known , however , are some of the alternatives , particularly in areas where you want to keep a reasonably accurate counter , but absolute accuracy is n't required .
I discussed one option in this cookbook post - be sure to check the comments for an improved version - and today we 'll discuss another option , which also makes use of memcache and the task queue .
The basic assumption is this :
We want to keep as accurate a count as possible , but we 're willing to accept that it may , in some cases , under - count .
A good example of where this is true is counting downloads , or hits , or other such metrics .
Our solution has three major components :
A ' permanent ' count , stored in the datastore .
A ' current ' count , stored in memcache .
A task queue task that updates the datastore with the total from memcache .
In order to implement this , we 'll take advantage of the task queue 's task name functionality , and ' tombstoned tasks ' - the restriction that two tasks with the same name cannot be enqueued within a reasonable period ( at least a week ) of each other .
Each time we want to update the counter , we increment the current value in memcache , and attempt to queue a task that will store the memcached total to the datastore at the end of the interval .
The tradeoff , here , is the length of time we will cache the data for :
The longer it is , the less load we put on the datastore , but the higher the risk of losing data from memcache before it 's stored .
Let 's start by defining the counter itself , and the code to get its current value :
class Counter ( db. Model ) : count = db.
IntegerProperty ( required =True , default=0 ) @classmethod def get_value ( cls , name ) : " " " Returns the value of the counter with the specified name . " " " counter = cls.get_by_key_name( name ) if counter : count = counter .
count else : count = 0 count += memcache.get ( name , cls.kind ( ) ) return count
The model itself has only one property - the count - and the method we 've defined to get the current value retrieves the relevant instance - if it exists - and adds its value to the value stored in Memcache .
One possible optimisation here would be to cache the counter entity in local memory - we know it 's safe to do so at least until the end of the current time interval , however long that may be .
To define the update part of the code , we need a couple of prerequisites :
We need a way to generate task names , such that there is one unique one for every interval of a given length , and we need to write the actual function that will copy the count from memcache to the datastore .
First things first :
def get_interval_number(ts , duration ) : " " " Returns the number of the current interval .
Args : ts :
The timestamp to convert duration :
The length of the interval Returns : int : Interval number . " " " return int( time.mktime(ts.timetuple ( ) ) / duration )
A lot of verbiage for not much code !
All we 're doing here is converting a timestamp to a unix time - which is the number of seconds since the Unix Epoch - and then dividing it by the duration , giving us the number of ' intervals ' since the epoch .
Now for the second prerequisite :
The ' flush ' function :
@classmethod def flush_counter ( cls , name ) : counter = cls.get_by_key_name( name ) if not counter : counter = cls ( ) #
Get the current value value = memcache.get ( name , cls.kind ( ) )
# Subtract it from the memcached value memcache.decr ( name , value , cls.kind ( ) ) #
Store it to the counter counter .
count += value counter.put ( )
The observant amongst you may notice a couple of potential issues here .
First up , we 're not doing the update in a transaction .
We 're relying on the fact that this record is only updated in the task queue , and thus is unlikely to get clobbered by another concurrent update .
It 's also possible that the memcache . decr could succeed , but the counter . put ( ) could fail , leading to under - counting .
We 've already stated we 're willing to accept occasional under- counting , though , and this is a rare circumstance .
Finally , we can define the counter 's increment method :
@classmethod def incr(cls , name , interval=5 , value=1 ) : " " " Increments the named counter .
Args : name :
The name of the counter .
interval : How frequently to flush the counter to disk .
value :
The value to increment by . " " " memcache.incr( name , value , cls.kind ( ) ) interval_num = get_interval_number(datetime.datetime.now ( ) , interval ) task_name = '- '.join([cls.kind( ) , name , interval , interval_num ] ) try : deferred.defer(cls.flush_counter , name , _name=task_name ) except ( taskqueue.TaskAlreadyExistsError , taskqueue.TombstonedTaskError ) : pass
And that 's it !
Note that we generate the name of the task from four things :
The kind name , the name of the counter , the size of the interval , and the interval number .
This keeps it unique , though you need to make sure to use the same interval each time you call incr , or your task can end up being updated more frequently than even the smaller of the intervals you use !
Disqus
On Monday Wikileaks , a Sweden based non-profit website that publishes leaked documents pertaining to government and corporate misconduct , released a classified US military video from 2007 that shows an Apache helicopter attacking and killing a group of Iraqi civilians .
The incident rose to prominence because two of those who died were Reuters personnel – photographer Namir Noor - Eldeen and his driver Saeed Chmagh .
The video , entitled Collateral Murder , is already being heralded by some as the most important revelation since Abu Ghraib , and challenges not only the effectiveness of the US military 's rules of engagement policy , but also the integrity of the mainstream media 's coverage of similar incidents .
Like many of the millions who have viewed , re-viewed and analysed the video , it instantly reminded me of a videogame , specifically the game that currently sits inside my Wii – Call of Duty : Modern Warfare .
If you 're unfamiliar , or prefer not to spend your spare time sniping imaginary terrorists , Modern Warfare offers a very simple and entertaining first - person narrative : as a member of the marines or the SAS , your job is to kill everything that moves .
These types of first - person shoot 'em ups , which have long been utilised by the US military for training purposes , demand a simplistic rendition of warfare in order to achieve their rapid pace .
There is little room for ambiguity or social realism , because if the player is required to discern the character of those who fall within their line of fire , it would interrupt the action , and make for a less thrilling gaming experience .
One of the most alarming aspects of Collateral Murder is that it demonstrates how similar the logic of the Apache pilots is to that of the average gamer .
The video allows us to examine the entire process of how a rationale for attack is reached .
We see exactly what the Apache pilots saw , the black - and - white gun-cam footage underscored by their darkly cynical colour - commentary of the ensuing carnage .
As the helicopter approaches the men , we hear a pilot say : " See all those people standing down there ? "
The camera zooms in on the group and we see Saeed with a camera bag slung on his right shoulder .
" That 's a weapon , " a pilot says .
" Fucking prick , " comes the reply .
And with that , a few unarmed , relaxed civilians hanging around a courtyard are transformed into a contingent of dangerous insurgents that must be destroyed .
Within seconds the pilots have described the situation to their superiors , received approval to engage and are gunning down the crowd .
After the smoke clears from the initial attack , we see a wounded Saeed attempting to crawl to safety , the pilots vocalising their desire that he pick up a weapon , even though there is clearly no weaponry anywhere near his person .
A van then pulls up and some men arrive to help Saeed .
The pilots request permission to re-engage , quickly becoming impatient as they wait for approval .
" Come on let us shoot ! " a pilot says .
Permission is granted , and they fire on the van , killing Saeed along with the good samaritans .
And it is soon revealed that rather than armed insurgents , there were actually two children sitting inside the mini-van , both of whom have sustained serious injuries .
Of course , our ability to deconstruct the footage down to the second allows for a level of hindsight not afforded to the pilots , and so the video does n't necessarily condemn , in criminal terms , those directly responsible for the deaths , but rather US engagement protocol as a whole .
The video has already provoked a huge amount of praise and criticism within the American media .
Many commentators are calling for an official investigation while others are defending the actions of the pilots and pleading for context .
One of the most bizarre apologias has come from Gawker , a Manhattan media - gossip blog , who went out of their way to lament the civilian deaths in detail , only to go on defend the actions of the pilots under the premise that " innocent civilians get killed in wars " .
Regardless of how many pundits attempt to frame this tragedy within the vagaries of a " war is hell " narrative , Collateral Murder will prove to be a landmark event in the reportage of the Iraq war , as it forces the viewer , in the most visceral way possible , to simultaneously confront both the deplorable unreality of American aggression and the grim fate of those caught within its scope .
Toward the end of March it was reported that legendary rapper / producer Keith Elam , aka Guru , had come out of a three - week long coma and was in a stable condition .
Now , reports are coming in that the hip - hop star has lost his lengthy battle with cancer , and has passed away aged 43 .
Guru ’s partner , Solar , has offered the following statement : “ This is a matter that Guru wanted private until he could beat it , but tragically , this did not happen , ” he said .
“ The cancer took him .
Now the world has lost a great man and a true genius . ”
Guru lost his battle with cancer at some point during Monday ( April 19 ) .
A lengthy letter written by Guru has been published on Allhiphop , which offers some of his thoughts on how he wishes his legacy to be handled after his death :
I , Guru , am writing this letter to my fans , friends and loved ones around the world .
I have had a long battle with cancer and have succumbed to the disease .
I have suffered with this illness for over a year .
I have exhausted all medical options .
I have a non-profit organization called Each One Counts dedicated to carrying on my charitable work on behalf of abused and disadvantaged children from around the world and also to educate and research a cure for this terrible disease that took my life .
I write this with tears in my eyes , not of sorrow but of joy for what a wonderful life I have enjoyed and how many great people I have had the pleasure of meeting .
My loyal best friend , partner and brother , Solar , has been at my side through it all and has been made my health proxy by myself on all matters relating to myself .
He has been with me by my side on my many hospital stays , operations , doctors visits and stayed with me at my home and cared for me when I could not care for myself .
Solar and his family is my family and I love them dearly and I expect my family , friends , and fans to respect that , regardless to anybody ’s feelings on the matter .
It is my wish that counts .
This being said I am survived by the love of my life , my sun KC , who I trust will be looked after by Solar and his family as their own .
Any awards or tributes should be accepted , organized approved by Solar on behalf myself and my son until he is of age to except on his own .
I do not wish my ex-DJ to have anything to do with my name likeness , events tributes etc. connected in anyway to my situation including any use of my name or circumstance for any reason and I have instructed my lawyers to enforce this .
I had nothing to do with him in life for over 7 years and want nothing to do with him in death .
Solar has my life story and is well informed on my family situation , as well as the real reason for separating from my ex-DJ .
As the sole founder of GangStarr , I am very proud of what GangStarr has meant to the music world and fans .
I equally am proud of my Jazzmatazz series and as the father of Hip - Hop / Jazz .
I am most proud of my leadership and pioneering efforts on Jazzmatazz 4 for reinvigorating the Hip - Hop / Jazz genre in a time when music quality has reached an all time low .
Solar and I have toured in places that I have never been before with GangStarr or Jazzmatatazz and we gained a reputation for being the best on the planet at Hip - Hop / Jazz , as well as the biggest and most influential Hip - Hop / Jazz record with Jazzmatazz 4 of the decade to now .
The work I have done with Solar represents a legacy far beyond its time .
And we as a team were not afraid to push the envelope .
To me this is what true artists do !
As men of honor we stood tall in the face of small mindedness , greed , and ignorance .
As we fought for music and integrity at the cost of not earning millions and for this I will always be happy and proud , and would like to thank the million fans who have seen us perform over the years from all over the world .
The work I have done with Solar represents a legacy far beyond its time and is my most creative and experimental to date .
I hope that our music will receive the attention it deserves as it is some of the best work I have done and represents some of the best years of my life .
R.I.P. Guru
Ethnic Tibetan women rest amid the ruins of their destroyed house in the earthquake - hit Gyegu town in Yushu County , Qinghai province April 18 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Stringer
BEIJING ( Reuters ) -
The official death toll from an earthquake on China ’s remote Tibetan plateau has climbed to 2,039 , state media said on Tuesday .
Another 195 people are still listed as missing following the quake , which struck Yushu county in the western province of Qinghai last Wednesday , the official Xinhua news agency said .
Posted by , May 24 , 2010 @ 7:20 am in Releases
With the 2.3.6 release hot out of the oven , Nathan Weizenbaum began updating HAML to support it .
He uncovered a couple of bugs in the HTML - safety changes backported from Rails 3 , so we ’re cutting a 2.3.7 release to fix them .
If you use the rails_xss plugin for automatic HTML escaping , you should upgrade to Rails 2.3.7 and the latest rails_xss plugin .
If you do n’t use the rails_xss plugin yet , now ’s the time to start .
It ’s baked in to Rails 3 .
Update : fixing compatibility with the rails_xss plugin broke HTML - safety for apps that do n’t use rails_xss .
We ’re sorry , all : HTML - safety is meant to be opt-in !
The fix is available now in 2.3.8. pre1 and will be released shortly .
Last week we showed you the excellent new trailer for the Nimrod Antal directed , Robert Rodriguez helmed Predators reboot .
Today we have a new video in which Rodriguez introduces us to the character of Royce , played by Adrien Brody .
When it was originally announced that Brody would play the lead there was a somewhat negative reaction from Predator fans who perhaps wanted another all out action star like Sharzenegger .
From the character description Rodriguez gives in the video below it sounds as if the character of Royce may be a somewhat unwilling hero which I think will work well with the choice of Brody to play him .
Check out the video and see what you think .
Also let us know what you think about Brody taking the lead in Predators and whether the videos released so far have affected your opinion of him in the role .
By Rod Holmes
Related Products Web Hosting Launch a
Web site with unlimited traffic , numerous email accounts , generous storage , and over $ 100 in free advertising credits .
Search Engine Optimization
Stand out in search engine results with expert search engine optimization services .
Keywords is the term SEOs use to refer to the words and phrases that people type into the search engines .
If you type in to Google , “ Where can I get a blue margarita with an umbrella in it in Topeka , ” the entire long phrase is a keyword .
You will occasionally read or see keyword / keyphrase , but it ’s time for people to give up and just call them keywords .
Keywords
Are the Basis for All Internet Marketing
Knowing which keywords related to you or your business are being typed into the search engines , and how often , are vital to Internet marketing .
They are the foundation you build upon and the guide you follow in making decisions about what to do .
Without this information , you will flap around wildly like a handkerchief around a bull rider ’s neck ; you ’ll flail around in your SEO efforts , your pay - per - click campaigns , and even your blog posts .
I hope I ’ve grabbed your attention ; I understand these are strong statements .
But the fact is , if you have a Web site and are concerned about people finding that site , understanding the keywords related to your Web site is the biggest prerequisite to success .
It ’s always a good idea to know where you ’re aiming before you notch your arrow .
How to Find and Research Your Keywords
I ’ve tried a lot of different tools intended to make finding and organizing keywords easy .
The problem is , they seldom get it right .
I subscribe to the “ do it yourself and do it right ” philosophy of keyword research .
It has the added benefit of only requiring a free tool : Google ’s AdWords keyword tool .
When doing keyword research here at Chicago Style SEO , we do use additional tools , but the AdWords keyword tool will be more than enough for most business owners and Webmasters .
You will need to sign up for a Google account if you do n’t have one .
Then point your browser to AdWords and register there using your Google account .
You will come to the AdWords home page .
Unless you have been using AdWords , you will get a message saying none of your ads are running .
Do n’t worry about this ; just click on the “ Opportunities ” tab , and then look for the Keyword Tool , over half way down the left column .
I do n’t know why Google hid this tool so deeply , but that ’s the only way to get into it .
Using the AdWords Keyword Tool
You ’ll be presented with a simple form that lets you either search for keywords based on a word or phrase that ’s important to you , or Google will take a look at your Web site and let you know what it thinks your keywords are .
I encourage you to experiment with the Web site option and see what Google thinks your site is about .
But let ’s explore inputting a word or a phrase .
Let ’s imagine you own a barbecue restaurant in Chicago , and you want to know which keywords are important to your Web site and your business .
Type barbecue restaurant Chicago into the “ word or phrase ” section and click “ Search . ”
AdWords will present you with a table of information ; each row will have a keyword , a graph showing how much competition there is for the keyword , how many global searches ( everywhere in the world in every language ) , how many local searches ( in your country in your specified language ) and a month - by - month graph that lets you know the trend in how often the keyword is searched for .
As you look down the list of keywords , you are going to often scratch your head .
Why would they return italian restaurant chicago and chicago vegetarian restaurant when I asked about barbecue ?
It ’s because two of the three words do match .
You will also notice that AdWords knows that bbq is a common abbreviation for your keyword and lets you know how often it ’s searched for .
It ’s going to make you think about whether you should be concerned about keywords like chicago restaurant reviews and best restaurant Chicago .
If there ’s enough traffic looking for those terms , you might want to figure out how to incorporate them into your site .
Repeat and Repeat
Now , select a few of the keywords in the list , put them back into the Keyword Tool , and see what Google tells you about that particular keyword .
It will likely expand on that word and give you more ideas .
Continue to investigate individual keywords and hope that Google will expand on them and give you more ideas on what you should write about in your blog , what phrases you should use on your site , and what keywords you ’re missing from your PPC campaigns .
What Are You Looking For ?
There is a mountain of information to sort through , but that mountain may be made of gold if you know what you ’re looking for !
Some ideas to think about include :
Which Combination of Words and Plurals Is Most Important ?
While looking at these keywords , you are going to be looking for combinations of what you think are your keywords .
Always remember that restaurant and restaurants ( plural ) are different keywords .
From your keyword research you should now know which of them is more important .
While looking at these keywords , you are going to be looking for combinations of what you think are your keywords .
Always remember that restaurant and restaurants ( plural ) are different keywords .
From your keyword research you should now know which of them is more important .
Are there Low Competition , High Traffic Opportunities ?
Be on the lookout for keywords that have relatively low competition and relatively high traffic .
These are the sweet spots you want to take advantage of .
If you ’re doing SEO , write a post that has that keyword in the title .
If you ’re doing pay - per- click , make a new AdGroup around that keyword .
Be on the lookout for keywords that have relatively low competition and relatively high traffic .
These are the sweet spots you want to take advantage of .
If you ’re doing SEO , write a post that has that keyword in the title .
If you ’re doing pay - per- click , make a new AdGroup around that keyword .
What Keywords Are You Completely Missing ?
In the barbecue example above , maybe you had n’t thought about how commonly people search for bbq instead of barbecue , or how often them misspell it barbaque .
Maybe you want to start working those keywords into your site or your PPC campaigns .
In the barbecue example above , maybe you had n’t thought about how commonly people search for bbq instead of barbecue , or how often them misspell it barbaque .
Maybe you want to start working those keywords into your site or your PPC campaigns .
Can You Take Advantage of Common Misspellings ?
AdWords will often present you with misspellings and abbreviations that you likely had not thought of .
These are easily worked into PPC campaigns , but not as easily into your actual site .
One idea is to put up a post on your blog simply listing common misspellings of your keywords ; that gets the misspellings onto your site in a way that is acceptable .
These are the basics of keyword research , but be assured these small hints are more than most Web site owners ever do !
With this information , you will have the tools to tell you which combination of words you should use on your home page , which words to put in your headers , what keywords you should be trying to go after in your pay - per - click campaigns and even what blog posts you should be doing .
About the Author
Rod Holmes is an Internet marketing expert at Chicago Style SEO .
You can find more of his thoughts and SEO tips at the Chicago Style SEO blog .
Welcome to I Hate My InLaws !
So what are you waiting for ?
Tell us why you HATE YOUR IN - LAWS !!!
and read why others hate their in - laws .
If you would like others to reply with advice regarding your in - law situation or if you would like to give advice to those requesting it , please visit our In - Laws Forums .
I Hate My In-laws Stories Feed : RSS Atom
In - laws , and the quarrels they start , have been the subject of stories for many years .
This is your opportunity to sound off about your own in - laws !
Tell the world the story , or stories , of your in - laws .
We 're looking for the funny ones , the sad ones , the crazy ones , and every story in - between .
So what are you waiting for ?
Tell us why you !!!
and read why others hate their in - laws .
Shape shifters
Posted on Mon , Sep. 28 , 2020 at 07:00 am
Love This In-laws Story ! ( 16 Loves ) Permanent Story Link so lately I have been getting upset at historical issues with my husbands family .
I cant even bring myself to call them MY inlaws .
They are not good ppl .
fil makes up lies about most ppl ... including me and its been tough dealing with this .
He 's the kinda person that shits all over you then announces he 's ill so you can't pull him up on anything .
mil ... she 's a nasty ...
Her bullying is more subtle .
She does little things like not remembering your bday when she 's the kinda person who remembers the next door neighbours dog year of birth .
She will agree a time for dinner with you when she knows you got other family to see as well but changes last minute with no legitimate reason so you end up not seeing your own family .
She will ignore my child but around others play the loving grandma .
I thought having two brother is laws would be easier then she's .
Wrong .
Both are waste of spaces and jealous .
Add to the mix a wife of the bil who is no better .
Manipulative @ # $ % springs to mind .
why oh why , are ppl like this .
I dont actually know .
I think ppl convince themselves its ok to be nasty to an outsider .
that they are all blood and if an outsider has needs such as having every other Xmas with her family then you 're trying to steal their son / brother .
or when they want to interfer in every aspect of your life they can't understand why you might not want them to .
Its much easier to see the daughter inlaw as a two faced cow .
This family cant be fair .
Its not just me that says this .
Im close with my husbands cousins and they say not to take it personally because they do n't get on with anyone .
Which is true but how is one meant to be happy when they know their inlaws are shape shifters .
One minute they are human ... the next they are a pack of dogs !
What you failed to realize ...
Posted on Thu , Sep. 24 , 2020 at 11:16 am
That could n't be further from the truth .
What you did n't know was that every time we 've gone to a family celebration , or just dinner at your house , THAT was because of me .
I said that it would be nice for you and the family to get to see him .
Guess what ?
Every time he said happy birthday to anyone , it was because I had to remind him to do so .
More than once , actually .
You did n't think about how poorly you treated me .
In your mind , as long as your son kept coming to family functions or dinners at your house , you could do anything you wanted .
Oh how wrong you were .
Finally seeing that no matter what you were going to treat me poorly , I decided to stop .
Stop encouraging him to go to family functions .
Stop planning for us to go to dinners at your house .
Stop reminding him to say happy birthday to his family .
He was always bored at those functions , dinners , and did n't care about saying happy birthday to anyone .
So I stopped reminding him about acknowledging you .
Here 's what I did instead .
I started to tell him all about how you treated me when he was out of the room .
Started pointing out the little things you did in front of him , which were very subtle but very plain .
I let him read our very long " discussion " we had before I decided to go NC .
Told him about one of your golden 's wife 's treatment of him .
Told him everything you have ever done and said to me .
He became very angry at everything .
I did n't do any of that , YOU did .
For no good reason .
I could see if I judged you , or were nasty to you at any point .
I did n't and was n't .
Instead , I was very polite , kind , and even bit my tongue in the hopes of keeping the peace .
YOU were the ones who judged me , and were nasty to me without provocation .
So you see , MIL , what you failed to realize is that you destroyed all hope of ever seeing or hearing from your son again .
Even if you apologized and admitted to everything you 've ever done ( which I know you wo n't ever do , because in your mind you did n't do anything ) , I would n't let you back in my life let alone forgive you .
We are done with you .
You now have to live with the consequences of being nothing but a huge , jealous bitch .
Love This In-laws Story ! ( 27 Loves ) Permanent Story Link MIL , I know you like to think that your baby boy likes to see the family , and genuinely likes your company .
That now that we 're NC , it 's because of ME that we do n't talk to or spend time with his side of the family .
That could n't be further from the truth .
What you did n't know was that every time we 've gone to a family celebration , or just dinner at your house , THAT was because of me .
I said that it would be nice for you and the family to get to see him .
Guess what ?
Every time he said happy birthday to anyone , it was because I had to remind him to do so .
More than once , actually .
You did n't think about how poorly you treated me .
In your mind , as long as your son kept coming to family functions or dinners at your house , you could do anything you wanted .
Oh how wrong you were .
Finally seeing that no matter what you were going to treat me poorly , I decided to stop .
Stop encouraging him to go to family functions .
Stop planning for us to go to dinners at your house .
Stop reminding him to say happy birthday to his family .
He was always bored at those functions , dinners , and did n't care about saying happy birthday to anyone .
So I stopped reminding him about acknowledging you .
Here 's what I did instead .
I started to tell him all about how you treated me when he was out of the room .
Started pointing out the little things you did in front of him , which were very subtle but very plain .
I let him read our very long " discussion " we had before I decided to go NC .
Told him about one of your golden 's wife 's treatment of him .
Told him everything you have ever done and said to me .
He became very angry at everything .
I did n't do any of that , YOU did .
For no good reason .
I could see if I judged you , or were nasty to you at any point .
I did n't and was n't .
Instead , I was very polite , kind , and even bit my tongue in the hopes of keeping the peace .
YOU were the ones who judged me , and were nasty to me without provocation .
So you see , MIL , what you failed to realize is that you destroyed all hope of ever seeing or hearing from your son again .
Even if you apologized and admitted to everything you 've ever done ( which I know you wo n't ever do , because in your mind you did n't do anything ) , I would n't let you back in my life let alone forgive you .
We are done with you .
You now have to live with the consequences of being nothing but a huge , jealous bitch .
I am tired
Posted on Wed , Sep. 23 , 2020 at 08:37 pm
Love This In-laws Story ! ( 41 Loves ) Permanent Story Link I am just tired .
Every time I have interacted with a family member of my dh , something has been rotten in the land of suburbia .
I spent twenty years in the military and promised him that I would follow him to his home .
Wtf .
If I had any idea that I would be in this mafia baboon - ass mafia of a family drinking arsenic laced kook aid from perfectly recycled plastic cups , I would have pierced my aorta with my hunting knife .
If it is n’t his lazy , misogynistic , full of themselves brothers and father .... then it ’s his “ cannot lift a finger to cut the grass or shovel the snow show me the money and kiss my ass ” sisters - in - laws .....
I spent my years serving this country in the belief it was full of good people , and I thank our maker that my in - laws are in no way the sum total of what our humanity aspires to .
I ’ve been fondled , yelled at , belittled , dismisses for being a female , demeaned for doing dirty work that the SILs refuse to do , and pressured to buy used crap from his family like I married the mother f-ing Sopranos clan .
I have bit my tongue and chosen my battles but you disgusting dirty taint sniffing low lifes make me wanna take the lock off my service piece and pop caps in your lily white lazy pristine asses .
Sour grapes
Posted on Wed , Sep. 23 , 2020 at 05:19 pm
He brought them home .
Did I eat any of them ?
No , anything that grows on her property is tainted .
We saw a baby deer while taking a walk .
He or she wagged his tail at us .
It gives me hope about living here getting bettet after his mom died .
Love This In-laws Story ! ( 29 Loves ) Permanent Story Link
Dh picked grapes at his moms house .
He brought them home .
Did I eat any of them ?
No , anything that grows on her property is tainted .
We saw a baby deer while taking a walk .
He or she wagged his tail at us .
It gives me hope about living here getting bettet after his mom died .
Cheapskates
Posted on Tue , Sep. 22 , 2020 at 05:35 pm
Love This In-laws Story ! ( 43 Loves ) Permanent Story Link
My in - laws are mostly good people .
I do n't have the hatred for my in - laws that I often see on this website , so I consider myself lucky .
That being said , my wife lends out our cars to her family members but we rarely get any money for gas and tolls .
Not one red cent .
I 'm not saying that we should profit off of them borrowing the car .
I 'm just saying that if you drove 50 miles on the turnpike , you probably used 2 gallons of gas and spent $ on several tolls .
Why should it cost me money when someone else borrows one of the family cars ?
But no , according to dear wife , I 'm the cheap one for bringing it up .
It 's not the money , it 's the principle .
You Have No Shame !
Posted on Tue , Sep. 22 , 2020 at 10:54 am
Love This In-laws Story ! ( 38 Loves ) Permanent Story Link Niece
In Law you have no shame !
A couple days ago you were posting pics of you and much older baby daddy at the beach , taking all kinds of pics of booze and you guys smoking whatever you were smoking .
And today you posted that you needed winter clothes for your daughter .
I think that beach vacation would have paid for a lot of winter clothes for a little girl .
But you want everyone to think you have it rough , you do n't fool me and you never have .
So get over yourself and you and that old man of yours buy your own kids clothes , not try to get people with kind hearts to give you stuff .
FIL lost his marbles
Posted on Mon , Sep. 21 , 2020 at 10:45 pm
My FIL was on very heavy drugs , he hid it from all of the family .
MIL cannot say anything or she will be abused .
So she enables him .
Due to the drugs , FIL hit his head and had to go to the hospital .
He raged out saying he doesnt want to live anymore and due to this , he was Baker Acted .
MIL cried to my DH , who offically said " i am done with this family for good ... i can not take this shit from any of you anymore . "
He blocked most of his family members .
He does not want anything to do with them and says he is happier that way .
He constantly works on his business more now .
I have n't heard anything else since .
Love This In-laws Story ! ( 28 Loves ) Permanent Story Link
So , this month has been hell .
My FIL was on very heavy drugs , he hid it from all of the family .
MIL cannot say anything or she will be abused .
So she enables him .
Due to the drugs , FIL hit his head and had to go to the hospital .
He raged out saying he doesnt want to live anymore and due to this , he was Baker Acted .
MIL cried to my DH , who offically said " i am done with this family for good ... i can not take this shit from any of you anymore . "
He blocked most of his family members .
He does not want anything to do with them and says he is happier that way .
He constantly works on his business more now .
I have n't heard anything else since .
BIL divorced
Posted on Mon , Sep. 21 , 2020 at 10:39 pm
Tables turned .
She is a felon , a drug addict and a prostitute who lost all custody of her kids .
Her mother is raising your kids .
Where are you as a father ?
Oh yeah , you 're the father of 1 kid .
And you have to listen to what the court says , or you also lose custody of her , thanks to the whore ex wife and your stupidity .
You been fighting for 3 years , please stop trying .
That poor kid needs to be with her grandparents more than you .
She finally divorced your ass last month !
I never seen karma work its charm so good on the one person who needed it the most !
Now , you 're living in a garage , because no one else wants you around their house due to your past BS .
Your family does n't like you one bit .
My DH hates you the most .
And personally , I laugh so hard as you finally got what you deserve in life .
I am not sorry .
Love This In-laws Story ! ( 28 Loves ) Permanent Story Link Remember how you said you and your whore ex wife would never be apart , when you got married and had kids with her ?!
Tables turned .
She is a felon , a drug addict and a prostitute who lost all custody of her kids .
Her mother is raising your kids .
Where are you as a father ?
Oh yeah , you 're the father of 1 kid .
And you have to listen to what the court says , or you also lose custody of her , thanks to the whore ex wife and your stupidity .
You been fighting for 3 years , please stop trying .
That poor kid needs to be with her grandparents more than you .
She finally divorced your ass last month !
I never seen karma work its charm so good on the one person who needed it the most !
Now , you 're living in a garage , because no one else wants you around their house due to your past BS .
Your family does n't like you one bit .
My DH hates you the most .
And personally , I laugh so hard as you finally got what you deserve in life .
I am not sorry .
Dear MIL ....
Posted on Mon , Sep. 21 , 2020 at 07:18 pm
Love This In-laws Story ! ( 38 Loves ) Permanent Story Link
Your overbearing narcissistic ways are getting old .
You use guilt to control your son and because he loves you , he does whatever you say .
YOU ARE A BITCH !!!!!!
I hate you so much !
I ca n’t wait to see the dumb look on your face when you find out we are moving far , far away !!
HAHA !!!
Today is the day !
Posted on Mon , Sep. 21 , 2020 at 04:07 am
Love This In-laws Story ! ( 50 Loves ) Permanent Story Link I start organizing and packing our house .
DH got promoted and we can live anywhere ( remote position ) .
Demanding MIL , head flying monkey ( BIL ) FIL and other BIL who watched this happened ( both of you need to grow a pair ) and loser , moocher and so jealous buddies from HS ... GOODBYE !
I am beyond happy , never wanted to visit here much less move here ... the nightmare is over .
Reporting from Seoul Kenneth R. Weiss and Los Angeles -- Australians on Sunday scrambled to ensure that a Chinese - owned bulk coal carrier that rammed into the Great Barrier Reef would not break apart and seriously damage the planet ’s largest coral reef .
Peter Garrett , the nation ’s environment protection minister , told reporters that the government was concerned about the effect an oil spill could have on the environmentally sensitive reef , one of the wonders of the natural world that was selected as a World Heritage Site in 1981 .
Environmentalists said they were horrified at the possible damage the accident might cause to the ecosystem , which is more than 1,200 miles long and comprises more than 3,000 individual reefs , cays and islands , providing a habitat for countless sea species .
Coral reefs cover slightly less than 1 % of the world ’s oceans , but are home to about 25 % of all identified marine species .
Advertisement
Like other coral reefs , the Great Barrier Reef was built on the backs of small , colonial animals that make formations resembling tabletops , giant brains or elk horns .
Growing on top of one another , these skeletons of calcium carbonate fuse together into rock that can slice through a ship ’s hull like a can opener .
Besides physical damage to the reef , the greatest threat from the cargo vessel comes from the roughly 300,000 gallons of heavy fuel oil it carries to run its engines .
Shipping companies favor such low - grade fuel because it ’s cheap .
But it is also particularly viscous , almost like sludge , and needs to be heated before injected into engines .
The gooey texture makes this class of fuel more ecologically troublesome and more difficult to clean up as it coats birds and other wildlife , corals and sandy beaches .
Video taken late Sunday showed the 700 - plus - foot vessel stranded about nine miles outside the shipping lane , leaking what seemed to be a streak of oil into the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park near Great Keppel Island off the east coast of Queensland state .
Advertisement
Great Keppel Island , about 340 miles north of Brisbane , has long been a major tourist destination on the Great Barrier Reef , which provides Australia a great source of national pride and tourist dollars .
The government has moved to protect this national treasure in recent decades , setting aside about one - third as marine reserves off - limits to fishing and other forms of exploitation .
Despite these underwater parks , the reef has suffered significant declines from a combination of overfishing , fertilizer runoff from land and coral bleaching from hot water associated with global warming .
Marine ecologists often talk about oil spills as the nightmare scenario that can push coral reefs or other undersea areas past the point from which they can recover , particularly when their resilience has been weakened by other chronic stress .
“ Climate change is a problem for virtually all coral reefs , and fishing has had some problem there , ” said Ben Halpern , a marine ecologist at UC Santa Barbara .
“ If you add into that a major oil spill , it tends to push the system past the tipping point . ”
Advertisement
What happens beyond that point , Halpern said , is the subject of much study .
What ’s known is that corals tend to die .
The reefs become overgrown with invasive algae .
Then the fish and other marine life that rely on a living reef can no longer survive .
On Sunday , early - morning flights over the carrier identified a small number of oil patches about two nautical miles southeast from the vessel , according to a news release from the Queensland state government .
A light aircraft was also shown spraying a chemical dispersant on the spilled oil .
Authorities said they planned to assess the success of the move before continuing with the spraying .
“ This is a serious situation and we ’ve mobilized air , sea and land resources in response , ” Queensland Premier Anna Bligh said .
Advertisement
“ The situation remains serious as the extent of the damage means that there is a very real risk that the vessel may break apart .
Every effort is now being made to limit the impact of this incident . ”
The Shen Neng 1 , hauling more than 65,000 tons of coal , hit the reef at full speed late Saturday in a restricted zone of the marine park .
The impact ruptured the vessel ’s fuel tanks , prompting Australian officials to activate a national oil spill response plan .
The Australian Transport Safety Bureau will be conducting a full investigation of the incident .
The carrier was aground on a shoal and is not expected to be moved without salvage assistance .
Authorities said late Sunday that they were trying to assess the scope of a salvage project .
Advertisement
Capricorn Conservation Council , a national environmental group , said in a release that it was “ horrified that a Chinese coal carrier has run aground near Great Keppel Island . ”
The group called for a marine pilot to be required for all vessels operating in the area .
“ We can be certain that this is a sign of things to come , ” spokesman Ian Herbert said .
“ Who knows what damage will be done to our local coral reefs and marine animals from the oil spill from the ship .
We are outraged that no marine pilot is required on ships between Gladstone and Cairns .
This will increase the likelihood of similar events . ”
Advertisement
john.glionna@latimes.com
ken.weiss@latimes.com
Park is a researcher in The Times ’ Seoul Bureau .
Ark's Archive
I saved a nugget from every sack of weed that I buy .
This is the result .
This article was updated on May 17 , 2010 .
A shakeup is underway at the top levels of Wikipedia , FoxNews.com has learned , as administrators try to deal with the growing controversy surrounding pornographic images that appear on the online encyclopedia and its associated websites .
After much pressure from within the Wikipedia community , co-founder Jimmy Wales has relinquished his top - level control over the encyclopedia 's content , as well as all of its parent company 's projects .
Though he remains the chairman emeritus of the Wikimedia Foundation , Wales is no longer able to delete files , remove administrators , assign projects or edit any content , sources say .
Essentially , they say , he has gone from having free reign over the content and people involved in the websites to having the same capabilities of a low - level administrator .
( See editor 's note , at the conclusion of this article . )
“ He had the highest level of control , he was our leader , ” a source told FoxNews.com .
When asked who was in charge now , the source said , “ No one .
It ’s chaos . ”
According to insider sources and publicly available internal listserve discussions , Wikimedia editors have rebelled in the last week against Wales ' attempts to remove pornographic images from the nonprofit 's websites .
Those images have been the subject of heated discussion within the community since their existence was revealed exclusively by FoxNews.com on April 27 .
On May 7 , FoxNews.com reported exclusively that Wales had personally deleted many of the images from Wikimedia 's servers , and that he 'd ordered that thousands more be purged .
Now many of those images have been restored to their original web pages .
Hundreds of listserve discussions among Wikimedia board members , administrators and editors reveal the eruption of a heated and chaotic debate over whether to delete the images , which legal analysts say may violate pornography and obscenity laws .
The debate heated up when FoxNews.com began contacting high profile corporations and foundations that have donated to the Wikimedia Foundation for comment — including Google , Microsoft , Yahoo ! , Best Buy , USA Networks , Craigslist , Ford Foundation and Open Society Institute .
Several of those donors contacted the foundation to inquire about the thousands of images on Wikimedia ’s servers that could be considered child pornography .
There also are graphic photo images of male and female genitalia , men and women or groups of people involved in sexual acts , images of masturbation and other pornographic material — all of which can be viewed by children at most public schools , where students are encouraged to use Wikipedia as a source encyclopedia .
When the donors started calling , Wales immediately called on the sites ’ editors to quickly purge any possibly obscene or pornographic content from the sites .
This led to outrage among the sites ' many volunteer editors and administrators , who charged that Wales ’ actions betrayed the essence of the open user - generated online encyclopedia .
One lengthy e-mail response read in part :
“ In essence , right now Jimbo is deleting things based on his singular judgment about what should be allowed … .
This is a large change and lack of a clear policy creates a very confusing and frustrating environment for editors .
( Multiple Commons admins have already stated their intention to resign and / or retire over this . ) ”
But Wales defended his actions on the foundation listserve , writing :
" Much of the cleanup is done , although there was so much hardcore pornography on commons that there 's still some left in nooks and crannies ….
" We were about to be smeared in all media as hosting hardcore pornography and doing nothing about it .
Now , the correct storyline is that we are cleaning up .
I 'm proud to have made sure that storyline broke the way it did , and I 'm sorry I had to step on some toes to make it happen .
" Now , the key is : let 's continue to move forward with a responsible policy discussion . "
That post only intensified the debate .
One administrator wrote : “ If this is an emergency situation requiring a justified , immediate , unilateral , king - like massive action , I regret Mr. Wales did n't take the time to explain the emergency to us .
" By rush - imposing his views and decisions on people who are not out of the debate yet , he is browbeating their inner self , ignoring their beliefs and opinions , discarding the value of the Other .
" This lack of respect and of equality of vote should be extremely well argumented and the reasons transparently communicated .
Otherwise , trust , faith and adhesion to the [ Wikimedia Foundation ] values dissolve .
I do n't think we should let this happen .
Mr. Wales , I hope you enter reason and dialogue realms again … . ”
By Thursday the discussion had devolved into an all - out war pitting board members against board members , and with top leadership sparring with lower level administrators .
EDITOR'S NOTE :
An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that Jimmy Wales is the president of the Wikimedia Foundation .
He is the chairman emeritus .
Search engines and ISPs have for years refused to tell the public how many times the cops and feds have forced them to turn over information on users .
Google broke that unwritten code of silence Tuesday , unveiling a Government Requests
Tool that shows the public how often individual governments around the world have asked for user information , and how often they 've asked Google to remove content from their sites or search index , for reasons other than copyright violation .
The answer for U.S. users is 3,580 total requests for information over a six - month period from July 2009 to December 2009 .
That number comes to about 20 a day , and includes subpoenas and search warrants from state , local and federal law enforcement officials .
Brazil just edges out the U.S. in the number of requests for data about users , with 3,663 over those six months .
That 's due to the continuing Brazilian popularity of Google 's social networking site , Orkut .
Google VP David Drummond announced the tool in a blog post Tuesday , casting it as a tool to cut down on censorship – not surprising , given that Google says it 's been censored by 25 of the 100 countries it operates in .
[ G] overnment censorship of the web is growing rapidly : from the outright blocking and filtering of sites , to court orders limiting access to information and legislation forcing companies to self - censor content .
So it 's no surprise that Google , like other technology and telecommunications companies , regularly receives demands from government agencies to remove content from our services .
Of course many of these requests are entirely legitimate , such as requests for the removal of child pornography .
We also regularly receive requests from law enforcement agencies to hand over private user data .
Again , the vast majority of these requests are valid and the information needed is for legitimate criminal investigations .
However , data about these activities historically has not been broadly available .
We believe that greater transparency will lead to less censorship .
Google is also releasing information about the number of times governments ask the company to take down content or remove links .
These include requests to take down defamatory videos , such as the one that led to prosecution of Google executives in Italy .
The statistics do not include requests based on copyright or from reports of child pornography , since Google automatically takes down the latter whenever it detects it .
Google has long pledged its allegiance to transparency and says this announcement will add to the long - running debate about how much power law enforcement and governments should have to see what citizens do online .
A broad consortium of tech companies and privacy groups recently announced a push to modernize the nation 's privacy laws so that data stored by third parties , especially by so - called cloud computing services like Gmail , are treated just like data stored on citizens ' home computers .
Currently , e-mails stored online lose much of their legal protection after 6 months , and the Justice Department recently tried to get at unopened mail online without having to get a proper search warrant .
The numbers reflect only criminal investigations , and do not include national security investigation powers such as National Security Lettters or FISA warrants , which companies are often not legally allowed to disclose .
The numbers also do not include the number of people named in the requests , whether Google fought the request , or which products the requests apply to .
The company says it plans to release that information after it figures out how to create meaningful statistics , since a single request can apply to multiple people using multiple products , or conversely , Google can receive multiple requests concerning the same person .
Threat Level has been agitating since 2006 for Google to disclose records requests .
While there 's more the company could reveal , today 's move is an unprecedented step from an internet giant .
For its part Microsoft says it 's not ready to reveal its numbers .
" At this time Microsoft is not commenting on the demands made by governments for customer information , " the company said in an e-mailed statement " However , we are in the process of working towards full implementation of the Global Network Initiative principles , which will enable a framework for providing more transparency to our processes and procedures in responding to governments demands for customer information . "
Fellow internet giant Yahoo says it's also a founding member of the Global Network alliance , but it does n't give out surveillance statistics , in part to protect user privacy .
" In support of both user privacy and public safety interests , we do not generally discuss the details of law enforcement demands , " the company said in an e-mailed statement .
" As a general matter , Yahoo !
Inc. and its subsidiaries around the world receive law enforcement demands relating to only a tiny fraction ( less than one one - hundredth of 1 % ) of the Yahoo ! user base . "
That initiative was started after Congress contemplated regulating how large U.S. internet companies do business in countries with repressive governments , after Yahoo helped the Chinese government imprison political activists by turning over their e-mails to authorities .
The ACLU applauded Google 's move , saying they 'd called for this data for years and that they hope it helps the movement to reform the U.S. 's data privacy laws .
" Americans for too long have been kept in the dark about how their private information is stored , used and shared , " said Laura Murphy , who heads the ACLU 's Washington Legislative office .
" It is our hope that this tool will help Americans to better understand the relationship between private companies and our government . "
Murphy says such reporting should be mandatory .
" Congress should make updating the law a priority so that other companies will fall in line with Google and allow for greater transparency when it comes to the government ’s requests for our information , " Murphy said .
ISPs and large tech companies have long used the excuse that they do n't publish this information because no one else does .
Now that Google has taken this first step , that argument no longer works .
And we are looking at you , Yahoo , Microsoft , Amazon and AT&T , when we say that .
You might notice that Google reports no data for China and other countries for user requests in criminal investigations .
That 's because Google is not reporting data for criminal requests when countries have fewer than 30 in six months , since those " statistics could place important investigations at risk and interfere with public safety efforts of the authorities . "
See Also :
A suburban Chicago police officer caught on dashcam hitting a motorist 15 times with his metal baton and firing a stun gun at the man 's passenger has been charged with felony aggravated battery and official misconduct , and more charges are possible , prosecutors say .
Neither man attacked or threatened Streamwood Police Officer James Mandarino during the early morning traffic stop last month , Cook County , Ill. prosecutors say .
In fact , the video taken from the officer 's dashboard camera suggests that both the driver , Ronald Bell , 28 , and the passenger did exactly as they were told .
" This conduct as displayed on the video by this officer is not only disturbing , it 's outrageous and is unacceptable , " Cook County State 's Attorney Anita Alvarez said during a news conference .
" Every law enforcement officer holds his or her powers through the public trust and this officer 's senseless act of rage against an unarmed citizen constitutes and offensive violation of that trust .
" Mandarino , 41 , a 15 - year police veteran , was charged with felony aggravated battery and official misconduct .
If convicted , he could face up to 5 years in prison on each count .
Mandarino did not enter a plea during a brief hearing .
The judge set his bond at $ 50,000 .
Mandarino 's attorney , Ed Wandering , says Mandarino 's record speaks for itself .
" He 's a decorated officer , " Wandering says .
"
He was officer of the year three or four years ago .
" Prosecutors said Mandarino followed the car and pulled it over after he heard its tires squeal shortly before 4 a.m. on March 28 .
After Bell pulled into the driveway at the home of his brother , Stacey Bell , and climbed out of the vehicle , Mandarino approached him with his gun drawn , Alvarez said .
While there is no audio on the video , it appears that Ronald Bell got back into the car after Mandarino ordered him to .
Mandarino then turned to the passenger , who had also gotten out of vehicle , and fired a stun gun at him twice , Alvarez said .
Ronald
Bell then got out of the car , put his hands in the air and got down on his knees while keeping his hands behind his head , apparently on orders from Mandarino .
That 's when Mandarino repeatedly struck Ronald Bell on his head , neck and shoulders , Alvarez said .
Stacey Bell tells " I saw the officer striking my brother .
It kind of was very shocking to me , and I went outside and was pleading with them to stop beating my brother .
I was saying , ' He 's complying with your commands .
I do n't understand why you 're beating him . "
' Ronald Bell suffered a concussion , a cut on his ear that required seven stitches and various bruises .
The passenger was n't injured .
" He 's recovering , " Stacey Bell told Glor . " ...
He just does n't want to make any statements to jeopardize the case against the officer .
" Mandarino arrested Ronald Bell on suspicion of drunken driving , resisting arrest , threatening an officer and various traffic offenses .
All of those charges have been dropped , Alvarez said .
She would not say what , if anything , the officer said to justify his actions .
The charges against Mandarino stem from the alleged beating .
No charges were filed in connection with the officer 's use of the stun gun , but more charges are likely , Alvarez says .
Police department officials saw the video and notified Alvarez 's office within 24 hours of the incident .
Mandarino has been placed on paid administrative leave , the police department said in a statement that announced the officer 's arrest but declined further comment .
Stacey Bell remarked to Glor that he 's " not happy with the fact that this guy 's on administrative leave .
I do n't think he should be getting paid by the residents of Streamwood after the actions we witnessed . "
This is " elastic water , " a substance researchers have created in Japan that 's 95 % water yet retains a jelly - like texture that 's perfect for sticking tissues together .
Advertisement
The stuff is made by adding two grams of clay and " a small quantity of some organic matter " to regular old water .
And if they 're able to figure out how to increase its density , it could produce eco-friendly plastic materials .
Also , I bet it feels real weird when you squeeze it .
[ Japan Science and Technology Agency via Akihabara News ]
( CNN ) -- For Clem Pellett , tracking down his grandfather 's killer was not his original mission .
" I was just putting together an old family story ... and these serendipitous events happened , and we accidentally caught him , " Pellett , of Bellevue , Washington , told CNN in a phone interview Wednesday .
That " old family story " focuses on two men : Clarence Pellet -- a grandfather that Clem Pellett never knew -- and a drifter named Frank Dryman .
According to the Montana Department of Corrections , on April 4 , 1951 , Clarence Pellett picked up a hitchhiker near Shelby , Montana .
The hitchhiker was Dryman , then a 19 - year - old drifter who was carrying a loaded gun that , according to the state , he used to shoot and kill Clarence Pellett on the side of windswept Montana road .
Dryman took the car and drove to Canada , where he was later arrested for the murder , according to the Montana Department of Corrections .
After several trials and appeals , Dryman was convicted in Montana and sentenced to life in prison , then paroled in 1969 , according to state records .
Less than two years after his parole , Dryman was listed by the Montana Department of Corrections as " absconded . "
He had disappeared .
And that is where the " old family story " stopped for nearly 40 years , until last year when Clem Pellett came across some old newspapers clippings of the murder , which had occurred two years before he was born .
" So what I knew of it ( was ) ' never pick up a hitchhiker , ' and ' your grandfather died begging for his life , ' " he said .
" It 's hard -- this is someone I never knew , but as I read , I thought , ' You know , this poor man who happens to be my grandfather -- his death just got kicked to the curb , ' and that became the issue . "
Over the course of a year , Clem Pellett worked closely with the Montana Parole Board and with Department of Corrections officials , who supplied him with an old post office box number in Glendale , Arizona , and details about Dryman 's unique knuckle tattoos .
That old address was just enough to give private investigators hired by Clem Pellett the lead they needed , and the search for Dryman was on in earnest .
Pellett never imagined it would turn out the way it did , though .
" We thought he was going to be dead , " he said .
But 78 - year old Frank Dryman proved them wrong .
With the help of several private investigators , the search ended when Dryman was found living as a notary public and operating a wedding chapel in Arizona City , Arizona .
In the sparsely populated land between Phoenix and Tucson , Dryman had " flown under the radar for years , but he did n't fool me " says private investigator Patrick Cote .
" What I really wanted to do ( was ) check his hands -- for the tattoos .
I knew that this fellow was probably the one , because I was looking for the letters L - O - V - E tattooed on his knuckles .
And I could see he had old stars tattooed on his fingers to cover ' love . '
I called up to the other investigator and said ' I think I got your guy , ' " said Cote .
Pellett informed Montana Parole Board officials and they worked quickly , contacting local law enforcement in Arizona .
Dryman was arrested on Tuesday and is now awaiting extradition proceedings to Montana .
" Whatever the justice system does I 'm happy with it , " said Clem Pellett .
" Whatever happens , happens . "
Rabbi Menachem Froman of the Tekoa settlement paid his respects Wednesday to a mosque in Lubban al - Sharqiya village in the West Bank , along with envoys from around the world , despite a police announcement that it had not been torched .
" The torching of a mosque , according to Jewish halacha , is equal to the torching of a synagogue .
I will bring dozens of settlers to repair the burnt mosque , " he said .
Worshipper at burnt mosque ( Photo : Reuters )
Despite the police 's conclusions , many Palestinians still blame settlers for the mosque 's demise .
A number of Palestinians stated this claim at a meeting there Wednesday .
Froman , who was invited to attend the meeting by Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad , spoke for almost an hour .
He told all those present that he believes in coexistence and the two - state solution .
" In the Palestinian state Jewish settlers and Arab residents will live side by side .
Just as there 20 % of the population of Israel is Arab , there will be a 20 % population of Jews in Palestine and this will be a bridge for peace , " he said .
" Damaging a mosque is tantamount to damaging a synagogue .
This is what I learned from a rabbi at a young age .
Judaism rejects damaging any holy place , no matter what religion . "
Later the rabbi told Ynet , " I was surprised to be invited , because the Palestinian Authority is currently conducting a campaign against the settlers , their products , and now even the Palestinian workers who work at the settlements , not to mention the international front , in which they are unwilling to proceed . "
Froman reasoned that he had probably been invited to speak as message of hope for a Palestinian state .
" They understand that the negotiations are stuck and that the Americans are n't getting them anywhere , and maybe they really want to pave a new path , " he said .
The rabbi also offered his hosts help repairing the mosque .
" I told them I 'm no smarter than the police and that I do n't know who did it .
They are of course convinced it was arson .
But I clarified that in any case Judaism opposes such acts and that once the investigation ended I would bring by a few dozen settlers in work clothes to help rebuild the mosque , " he said .
Meanwhile , Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad visited the village on Wednesday and said his government would take it upon itself to restore and renovate the mosque that residents say was torched by settlers .
Fayyad called the incident an act of terror , and said the restoration will be complete by the end of the month .
Fayyad demanded the global community provide the Palestinians with international protection from the settlers ' crimes : " The escalation in terror attacks by settlers , along with the expansion of settlements in the occupied territories , and particularly in Jerusalem , attest to a real threat posed on our people and their property by the settlement policy , and this proves the crucial need for the international community to protect our people , and we expect the international community to do its part in the matter . "
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has claimed Jewish settlements in East Jerusalem will be part of Israel in any peace settlement .
Declaring " Jerusalem is not a settlement , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu struck a defiant note after US criticism of Jewish construction in disputed territories in and around the city .
His speech in Washington to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , or Aipac , an influential pro-Israel lobby group , contrasted sharply with an address Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made at the same forum hours earlier .
Mrs Clinton , who followed up her speech with low - profile talks with Mr Netanyahu , said Israeli settlement policy in East Jerusalem and the West Bank endangered peace talks with the Palestinians , an argument the prime minister dismissed .
" The Jewish people were building Jerusalem 3,000 years ago and the Jewish people are building Jerusalem today .
Jerusalem is not a settlement .
It 's our capital , " Mr Netanyahu said .
Palestinians want East Jerusalem , which Israel captured along with the West Bank in a 1967 war , as the capital of a future state .
The United States and Israel have clashed since Netanyahu 's coalition government announced plans this month to build 1,600 homes for Jews near East Jerusalem .
Mr Netanyahu began a three - day visit to Washington yesterday , hoping to repair relations with President Barack Obama , whom he meets at the White House today .
Announcement of the housing project coincided with a visit by US Vice President Joe Biden - president Netanyahu said he was blindsided by bureaucrats - and prompted Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to delay the start of indirect , US - mediated peace talks .
Pointing to what he has described as a national consensus in Israel over its claim to all of Jerusalem , Netanyahu told Aipac that all Israeli governments had carried out construction in what he termed the city 's " Jewish neighbourhoods " since 1967 .
" Everyone knows , everyone - Americans , Europeans , Israelis certainly , Palestinians - everyone knows that these neighbourhoods will be part of Israel in any peace settlement .
Therefore , building them in no way precludes the possibility of the two - state solution , " he said .
In her speech , Mrs Clinton said new construction in East Jerusalem or the West Bank " undermines mutual trust and endangers the proximity talks " that are the first step towards full negotiations , suspended since December 2008 .
" It exposes daylight between Israel and the United States that others in the region could hope to exploit .
And it undermines America 's unique ability to play a role - an essential role , I might add - in the peace process . "
But she said US support for Israel was " rock solid , unwavering , enduring , and forever . "
Mrs Clinton had called announcement of the new housing project " insulting " and demanded Netanyahu outline specific steps to restore confidence in the peace process - something both sides say he has now done , although neither has released specifics .
Israeli officials said Clinton and Netanyahu had shown at their meeting a desire to put the public feud fuelled by the construction project behind them .
Under US and international pressure , Netanyahu announced a 10 - month moratorium on new housing starts in Jewish settlements in November .
He excluded East Jerusalem and nearby annexed areas of the West Bank from the building freeze .
Palestinian officials have continued to insist that Israel 's decision to continue settlement building in and around East Jerusalem would prove fatal to the peace process .
US envoy George Mitchell urged a period of " calm and quiet " after meeting Abbas in the Jordanian capital , Amman , on Monday .
The State Department said Mitchell later left en route for Washington .
Reuters
State officials plan to accept applications starting this week from Mainers who want to register as medical marijuana users under the state ’s new distribution system .
Some who are using marijuana under the current rules say they are in no hurry to put their names on that list , however .
Rules created in the wake of last November ’s statewide referendum allow for eight nonprofit marijuana dispensaries to be set up in the state , including one each in Cumberland and York counties .
Potential dispensary operators have until June 25 to file applications and business plans under guidelines posted last week .
The rules also say all individuals who want to use medical marijuana must register with the state by January .
Applications will be posted online as soon as today , said Catherine Cobb , director of licensing for the Maine Department of Health and Human Services .
“ I ’ve heard estimates of 2,000 to 20,000 ( potential applicants ) , so we do n’t know what to expect , ” Cobb said .
Each applicant needs to submit a doctor ’s recommendation to use the drug for symptoms of cancer , HIV or one of several other qualified health conditions .
Those who apply and qualify will get registration cards starting in July that entitle them to possess and use marijuana under state law .
The registration card is intended to help legal users stay out of trouble with police officers or employers who might find out about the drug use .
“ I do think the registry system and registration cards offer further protection for citizens , ” Cobb said .
Medical marijuana users and advocates have supported the idea of a registration card for those who want it .
But some say the requirement that all users must register is an invasion of their privacy .
“ People who take OxyContin do n’t have to be on a registry , ” said Eric Friberg of South Portland , who uses marijuana to treat his own medical condition and provides the drug to other patients who do n’t grow their own .
“ I feel more like a criminal now than I did before this law was passed , and that ’s how all my patients feel . ”
Friberg said the law that voters approved last fall was intended to expand access to the medicine and provide more protection to users , not place new burdens on people , some of whom are terminally ill .
Friberg said a registration card may actually have helped him two months ago when Scarborough police confiscated his marijuana after a traffic stop .
“ But , at the same time , I do n’t want to be on any list and most of my patients do n’t want to be on any list , either . ”
One reason for the reluctance is that , technically , medical marijuana use is still a federal crime .
The Obama Administration has discouraged federal drug agents from devoting resources to medical use in states such as Maine , but there is still concern about how the information about users will be used over time .
“ We feel the registration requirement infringes on doctor - patient privacy , ” said Shenna Bellows , executive director of the Maine Civil Liberties Union .
“ Given that medical marijuana is still illegal at the federal level , it ’s understandable that someone might not want to register in the state ’s database . ”
Bellows said the MCLU is still hoping the state will make the registration voluntary .
“ It ’s an unfortunate reversal of both a decade of practice and the will of the voters , ” she said .
Last week , the state posted guidelines for the eight new marijuana dispensaries expected to open for business in January .
It costs $ 15,000 to apply , although all but $ 1,000 will be returned if an application is rejected .
The guidelines include standards for security and state reporting , and say dispensaries have to be at least 500 feet away from a school , among other things .
It describes how applications will be scored and how state officials will choose one operator for eight different service areas in the state .
“ I ’ve heard estimates of as many as 60 groups contemplating applying , ” Cobb said .
Applicants will be expected to identify their proposed locations , but wo n’t be expected to get local operating permits until after they are chosen for a state license , she said .
Biddeford , South Portland and some other Maine cities and towns have established temporary moratoriums to ban marijuana dispensaries in their communities at least until the rules and siting standards are clarified .
“ We ’re watching it , ” said Penny Littell , director of planning in Portland .
Current city zoning does n’t permit medical marijuana dispensaries , she said .
Littell said she is monitoring the rules and the application process , and no one has yet proposed opening a city dispensary .
For more information about the state rules and applications , go to : http://www.maine.gov/dhhs/dlrs/
Staff Writer John Richardson can be contacted at 791-6324 or at :
[ email protected ]
Send questions / comments to the editors .
Hi all , i’m Jean - Franï¿½ois ( also known as p0llux on IRC ) , i’m the author of the menueditor .
I will no more release the menueditor as an third - party package because , since last night ( here in Belgium :-) ) , it ’s included in xfdesktop and so it will be directly released with xfce4 .
For the future development of the editor i will coordonate with Brian .
All remarks on the menueditor are welcome , i’m often in the #xfce channel on IRC if you have questions about it .
By the way , i really need to find a photo of me for the weblog .
Survive DC 2010 via Capitol Improv !
For those who do n't know , Survive DC is a scavenger hunt / race that takes place throughout various ( safe ) parts of DC .
The objective is to form teams and race to find checkpoints while avoiding " chasers " - if you get caught by a " chaser " , you become a " chaser " yourself .
It 's open to all ages , and should be a blast .
I for one personally enjoy running around DC at all hours of the night - it'd be cool to see a turnout for this !
I 'm sending this initial email around now , and once I have a better idea of who all is interested , we can set up the actual details of meeting up and such .
Thanks again ,
- Ryan[masked ]
TORONTO , April 8 / PRNewswire / -- Rush – Geddy Lee , Alex Lifeson , and Neil Peart – is without question one of the most inventive and compelling groups in rock history , equally famed for both its virtuoso musicianship and provocative songwriting .
( Logo : http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20081203/LAW048LOGO-b)
Announced today , The Time Machine Tour is an evening with Rush , where they will perform their classics , give a taste of the future – and for the first time ever – feature the Moving Pictures album live in its entirety .
The band is currently working on their 20th studio album with producer Nick Raskulinecz ( co- producer from 2007 's Snakes & Arrows ) and in addition to their classics plan to showcase a few new tunes live this summer .
" We were off for a year and a half , and now it 's just pouring .
Everything is totally crazy and there 's not a minute left in the day .
We 've got these half - dozen songs , and we 'll probably go in the studio and work on a couple of them and see how it goes , perhaps release something – and I say perhaps – and then we plan on being on the road , " says guitarist , Alex Lifeson .
This summer 's Live Nation promoted tour will visit approximately 40 cities throughout North America beginning June 29th in Albuquerque , NM and finishing October 2nd in West Palm Beach , FL with stops along the way in Boston , Chicago , Denver , Dallas , Holmdel , Houston , Las Vegas , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , San Francisco , Toronto , Washington , and more ( complete tour itinerary follows ) .
Rush has sold more than 40 million records worldwide and garnered untold legions of devoted and admiring fans .
According to the RIAA , Rush 's sales statistics place RUSH third after The Beatles and The Rolling Stones for the most consecutive gold or platinum studio albums by a rock band .
Released in 1981 , Moving Pictures was their most successful album , certified 4 x Platinum and features some of Rush 's most well known songs and perennial radio favorites Tom Sawyer , Limelight and the Grammy - nominated instrumental YYZ .
" Rush : Beyond The Lighted Stage " a documentary created by filmmakers Scot McFadyen & Sam Dunn ( whose filmography also includes : " Iron Maiden ; Flight 666 , " " Metal , A Headbangers Journey " and " Global Metal " ) will premiere at New York 's Tribeca Film Festival on April 24th followed by the Canadian premiere at Toronto 's Hot Docs festival on April 29th .
The band was also recently showcased in the comedy " I Love You Man " where they play themselves in a concert scene featuring actors Paul Rudd and Jason Segal as uber - fans , a performance which has exposed the band to a whole new generation .
Inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame this past March alongside Joni Mitchell , Leonard Cohen and Gordon Lightfoot , Rush has also been nominated for multiple Grammy awards and won a number of Juno Awards .
They were inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1994 and bestowed the Order of Canada in 1997 .
Consistently celebrated and respected worldwide , Rush is the most successful Canadian rock band of all time and they remain one of the biggest grossing arena rock bands ever .
Tickets for Rush Time Machine
Tour will go on sale beginning April 16th in San Francisco , Uncasville , Saratoga Springs , Denver , Chicago , Wantagh , Seattle and Holmdel at Livenation.com .
Tickets for performances in Milwaukee , Sarnia and Syracuse go on sale April 17th , check local listings for ticket information .
Citi® cardmembers will have access to pre-sale tickets through Citi's Private Pass® Program beginning April 13th in select markets .
For complete presale details visit www.citiprivatepass.com.
For complete tour and ticket information , visit : www.rush.com & www.livenation.com
RUSH TIME MACHINE NORTH AMERICAN TOUR 2010
June 29 Albuquerque , NM Hard Rock Casino Albuquerque Presents The Pavilion On sale April 17 July 01 Kansas City , MO Starlight Theatre
On sale soon * July 02 Milwaukee , WI Summerfest On sale April 17 July 05 Chicago , IL Charter One Pavilion On sale April 17 * July 09 Sarnia , ON Bayfest On sale April 17 July 13 Toronto , ON Molson Canadian Amphitheatre
On sale soon * July 15 Quebec City , QC Festival d'ete de Quebec On sale April 28 July 17 Toronto , ON Air Canada Centre On sale soon July 19 Uncasville , CT Mohegan Sun On sale April 16 July 21 Philadelphia , PA Susquehanna Bank Center On sale soon July 23 Saratoga Springs , NY SPAC On sale April 16 July 24 Wantagh , NY Nikon at Jones Beach On sale April 17
August 05 Salt Lake City , UT USANA Amphitheatre
On sale soon August 07 Seattle , WA White River Amphitheatre On sale April 17 August 09 San Francisco , CA Shoreline Amphitheatre On sale April 16 August 11 Los Angeles , CA LA Forum On sale soon August 13 Irvine , CA Verizon Wireless Amphitheater
On sale soon August 14 Las Vegas , NV MGM Grand Garden Arena On sale soon August 16 Denver , CO Red Rocks Amphitheatre On sale April 17 August 20 Wichita , KS INTRUST Bank Arena On sale soon August 22 St. Louis , MO Verizon Wireless Amphitheater
On sale soon August 25 Omaha , NE Qwest Center On sale soon * August 27 St. Paul , MN Minnesota State Fair On sale April 17 August 29 Columbus , OH Nationwide Arena
On sale soon * August 31 Allentown , PA Allentown Fair On sale April 24
* September 02 Syracuse , NY New York State Fair On sale April 17 September 03 Holmdel , NJ PNC Bank Arts Center On sale April 17 September 14 Boston , MA TD Garden On sale soon September 16 Pittsburgh , PA Consol Energy Center On sale soon September 18 Washington , DC Jiffy Lube Live Amphitheater
On sale soon September 21 Tulsa , OK BOK Center On sale soon September 23 San Antonio , TX AT&T Center On sale soon September 25 Houston , TX Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
On sale soon September 26 Dallas , TX Superpages.com Center On sale soon September 29 Atlanta , GA Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre @
Encore Park On sale April 30 October 01 Tampa , FL Ford Amphitheatre
On sale soon October 02 West Palm Beach , FL Cruzan Amphitheatre
On sale soon Additional cities and dates to be announced .
Itinerary subject to change .
For complete tour and ticket information , visit : www.rush.com and www.livenation.com
* Non -Live Nation Events
About Live Nation
Live Nation Entertainment ( NYSE - LYV ) is the largest live entertainment company in the world , consisting of five businesses : concert promotion and venue operations , sponsorship , ticketing solutions , e-commerce and artist management .
Live Nation seeks to innovate and enhance the live entertainment experience for artists and fans : before , during and after the show .
In 2009 , Live Nation sold 140 million tickets , promoted 21,000 concerts , partnered with 850 sponsors and averaged 25 million unique monthly users of its e-commerce sites .
For additional information , visit www.livenation.com/investors
SOURCE Live Nation
In the short term , the site will not show video from established media companies , even though it does so on its main Web site , Blinkx.com , with the companies ' permission .
Mr. Chandratillake said the company was calling on broadcasters and production companies to sign them up , but he acknowledged that it might not be an easy sell initially .
For one thing , companies like CNN may not want their video clips wedged between those of two amateur journalists .
But media companies also want to be paid for their video , of course , so they will have to work through details about how to insert advertisements , pay - per- view mechanisms and subscription buttons , and how to share the proceeds .
In the near future , Blinkx will introduce methods for marketers to run ads between clips , and for the producers of the videos to share in those revenues .
The granddaddy of the online video market , pornography , will eventually be included in the Blinkx mix , but not initially .
" This is an experiment , so we do n't want to be dragged down that path , " Mr. Chandratillake said .
When porn producers do join the ranks , he said , users will be able to block such content .
Mr. Weiner of Gartner said Blinkx 's new site " moves them to the head of the group of companies looking at TV - type content over the Web . "
That group , he said , includes the Open Media Network , Veoh Networks and DAVE.TV , among others .
Of those , the Open Media Network ( omn.org ) is farthest along in its efforts .
The nonprofit company , which got started in April , is the brainchild of Mike Homer , who co-founded Kontiki , a software company that helps companies like Ernst & Young show full - screen , high - resolution videos on their Intranets .
Open Media Network relies on Kontiki 's software to deliver videos of similar quality free to users .
Because the video company 's mission is to promote public broadcasting , users choose among video clips from public TV stations -- about 350 of them , and counting -- as well as videos submitted by amateurs .
Mr. Homer said users were fed relevant videos when they typed in keywords , but in the future the site would push to the top of a user 's search results items that were similar to those the user had watched , and rated highly , in the past .
