The Top 5 Wall Street Conspiracies
At this point there have been so many questionable acts of Wall Street and government finagling in the economy that it ’s hard to keep track of them all .
It ’s about time someone rounded up these conspiracies and took a look at how believable each one is .
Gary Weiss makes this assessment and presents his plausibility grading “ on a sliding scale from 1 to 5 , with 1 being ‘ fugetaboutit ’ and 5 being ‘ damn right . ' ”
Not everyone will agree with his assessments , but they are unique and interesting .
What follows below are the five conspiracies he reviews , with a highlight comment from his discussion of each .
1. The Plunge Protection Team Manipulates the Markets
Plausibility : 1
Highlight : “ ‘ Plunge Protection Team ’ was coined by the [ Washington ]
Post , and it stuck .
The article spawned a spasm of conspiracy theories that grind on to the current day , holding that the government actually does secretly intervene in the markets , buying equity index futures or , as Ron Paul recently asserted , has sought to depress the price of gold . ”
2. Wall Street Screws Consumers at the Gas Pumps
Plausibility : 5
Highlight : “ Wall Street speculation that drives up prices rarely gets the public too exercised — if the prices belong to stocks they ’ve bought .
But speculation that drives up the price of gasoline , heating oil , broiler chickens , and other commodities has consumers ready to march down from Trinity Church carrying pitchforks . ”
3. Goldman Sachs as Giant Vampire Squid
Plausibility : 4
Highlight : “ Goldman Sachs , as described by Taibbi , was a ‘ giant vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity . ’
Not the most precise metaphor ( vampire squids are tiny deep - sea creatures that rarely encounter human faces ) , but the general thrust of his piece was correct .
Goldman does have a way of coming out on top in every bad situation . ”
4. Tim Geithner is in the Pocket of the Big Bankers
Plausibility : 5
Highlight : “ There ’s no question that Tim Geithner likes to talk to people who run major financial institutions , and this was long before e-mails were released showing that as treasury secretary his telephone buddies included all the major CEOs of the big banks .
That was the case as well when Geithner was president of the New York Fed .
No secret about it . ”
5. Naked Short - Selling Killed Bear Stearns and Lehman Bros .
Plausibility : 1
Highlight : “ You can believe that the CEOs of the two banks were responsible , or you can believe their excuse , which is remarkably similar .
Alan Schwartz of Bear Stearns and Dick Fuld of Lehman Bros. both blamed speculators , rumormongers , and naked short - sellers for torpedoing their companies , in their respective appearances before congressional committees . ”
In addition to longer descriptions of each , Weiss categorizes the conspiracies by type and grades each on scope , durability , and crowd appeal .
See the full details in The Big Money coverage of the biggest Wall Street conspiracies .
Top Bin Laden Expert : The Tapes are Fakes
Kevin Barrett
As a PhD in Islamic and Arabic Studies , I hate to say this , but I ’ll say it anyway .
The events of 9/11 had nothing to do with Islam .
The war on terror itself is as phony as the latest “ Bin Laden tape . ” ( Guardian 04 )
It ’s tough to admit because I know on which side my bread is buttered – and dropping Islam from the 9/11 equation is like dropping my bread butter - side - down .
The myth that 9/11 had something to do with Islam – has poured millions into Arabic and Islamic studies .
I finished my PhD in 2005 , so all I have to do is keep my eyes in my pocket and my nose to the ground , parrot the party line , and I ’ll be on the fast track to tenure .
The trouble is , it ’s all based on a big lie .
Take the recent “ Bin Laden tape , ” – please !
That voice was no more Bin Laden than it was my late Aunt Corinne from Peoria .
I recently helped translate a previously unknown Bin Laden tape , a real one from the early 90’s , back when he was still alive .
I know the guy ’s flowery religious rhetoric .
The recent tape certainly was n’t him .
The top American Bin Laden expert agrees .
Professor Bruce Lawrence , head of Duke University ’s Religious Studies Department , has just finished a book of translations of Bin Laden ’s speeches .
He says the recent tape is a fake and that Bin Laden has been dead for years .
( ABC 2004 ) .
Ersatz Bin Laden tapes “ verified ” by the CIA are nothing new .
Every Bin Laden statement since 2001 has been blatantly bogus .
The last we heard from the real Bin Laden were the following words recorded by Pakistani journalists : “ I stress that I have not carried out this act , which appears to have been carried out by individuals with their own motivation . . .
I have already said that I am not involved in the 11 September attacks on the United States . . .
I had no knowledge of these attacks .
. . ” ( Wiki 2004 )
Then , on December 13 , 2001 , as George Bush was whining about the “ outrageous conspiracy theories ” that were spreading like wildfire , the first and shoddiest of the “ Bin Laden Speaks from the Grave ” tapes appeared .
The video ’s sound and picture quality were horrible .
It showed a big guy with a black beard , doing a passable imitation of Bin Laden ’s voice , claiming foreknowledge , if not responsibility for the 9/11 attacks and chortling over their success .
The trouble was , the big guy was clearly not Bin Laden .
He was at least 40 or 50 pounds heavier and his facial features were obviously different .
( 911 Res 2005 )
The “ Fatty Bin Laden tape ” was widely ridiculed and I have yet to meet an informed observer who considers it authentic .
( If you have n’t figured this out yet , go back and look at the images from the tape and compare them to other images of Bin Laden . )
But the media let the fraud pass without asking the hard questions .
Why was the US government waving this blatantly fake “ confession ” video in our faces ?
Perhaps due to the widespread hilarity evoked by Fatty Bin Laden , the next Ousama - from - beyond - the - grave message had no images :
It was an audio tape delivered to al - Jazeera in the fall of 2002 .
The CIA verified it as “ authentic , ” but ended up with egg on its face when the world ’s leading voice identification experts at IDIAP in Switzerland reported that “ the message was recorded by an impostor . ” ( Guardian 2002 )
Every Bin Laden message since then has been equally phony .
They are released at moments when the Bush regime needs a boost – and the American ( mainstream ) media go along with the fraud .
Remember the bogus Bin Laden tape that made headlines right before the 2004 elections ?
If you did n’t figure out that it was a CIA - produced commercial for George Bush , I have some great bridges to sell you .
Walter Cronkite , bless his heart , opined that Karl Rove was behind that tape .
( CNN )
But the rest of the media just kept pretending that the Emperor was clothed .
And the fraud continues .
Last week ’s [ need a date if you do n’t want this article to age prematurely ]
Bin Laden tape has been ridiculed by America ’s top Bin Laden expert , yet the US media gamely held its tattered fig leaf over the Emperor ’s loins .
Professor Lawrence believes that the tape was designed to distract world opinion from the horrific massacre of Pakistani civilians by an errant CIA drone .
But it may have another , more sinister purpose :
To prepare public opinion for another false - flag 9/11 - style attack designed to trigger a US - Israel nuclear attack on Iran .
( AC 2005 )
As our top Bin Laden expert Professor Lawrence says , the real Bin Laden , who insisted that he had nothing to do with 9/11 , has been dead since 2001 .
The fake messages have been fabricated by al - CIA - duh to support the Bush regime and its phony “ war on terror . ”
It is time for Americans to rise up against the masters of synthetic terror who have been looting the US taxpayer , torching the Constitution , demolishing the economy , and threatening a nuclear Armageddon .
About the author
Dr Barrett holds a PhD in Arabic , with a focus on Islamic studies , from the University of Wisconsin at Madison .
He is cofounder of the Muslim - Christian - Jewish Alliance for 9/11 Truth : http://mujca.com
References
( Guardian 04 ) The Making of the Terror Myth .
The Guardian , Oct 10 2004 .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/terrorism/story/0,12780,1327904,00.html
( ABC 04 ) A. Rupinta .
Duke Professor Sceptical of Bin Laden Tape .
ABC News , Jan. 19 , 2006 .
http://abclocal.go.com/wtvd/story?%20section=local=3828678
( Wiki 2004 ) Responsibility for the September 11 , 2001 Attacks .
Wikipedia , 2004 .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Responsibility_for_the_September_11,_2001_attacks
( 911 Res 2005 ) “ Fatty ” bin Laden . 911 Research .
2005 .
http://911research.wtc7.net/disinfo/deceptions/binladinvideo.html
( Guardian 2002 ) B. Whittaker .
Swiss Scientists 95 % Sure that Bin Laden Recording Was a Fake .
The Guardian , Jan 30 , 2002 .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/alqaida/story/0,12469,851112,00.html
( CNN 2004 ) Larry King Live .
Bin Laden Releases New Videotape .
CNN .
Oct 24 , 2004 .
http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0410/29/lkl.01.html
Referred to in WRH .
[ hot link “ WRH ” to following URL : ]
http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/binladen_cronkite.html
( AC 2005 ) Deep Background .
American Conservative .
Aug. 1 , 2005 .
http://www.amconmag.com/2005_08_01/article3.html
discussed in Antiwar.com [ hot link to “ Antiwar.com ” to following URL . ]
http://antiwar.com/justin/?articleid=6734
Northern California Criminal Lawyer , DUI Attorney
Criminal defense attorney Leon J. Mezzetti , Jr. , has dedicated more than 30 years to defending clients charged with criminal offenses , including DUI , throughout Northern California .
Before starting his California criminal defense law firm in 1979 , Mr. Mezzetti worked as an Alameda County deputy district attorney where he learned what the state looks for in criminal cases .
He now uses that experience to develop a strong defense for his clients .
Free Initial Consultation - Call Us Now - Open 24/7
Working together with an in - house private investigator and other experienced attorneys and staff members , Leon Mezzetti offers expert , aggressive and reliable representation that gets results .
For a free initial consultation to discuss your case , contact us or call us 24/7 at 877-791-1836 or 510-791-1836 .
During the Coronavirus outbreak , our phones will continue to be answered 24/ 7 .
We are happy to interview individuals over the phone so that clients and potential clients can still get the information and help they need .
Anyone who has been arrested or has a friend a family member with a criminal issue should phone us as soon as possible .
DUI ∙ DMV Hearings ∙ Traffic Tickets / Citations ∙ Domestic Violence ∙ Drugs
Our highly - experienced criminal defense lawyers can handle most criminal matters , including :
We understand the fear , anxiety and stress you may be experiencing .
The prospect of losing your freedom or your driving privileges is daunting .
That 's why we take every case very seriously and give each client the personalized expert attention he or she deserves .
Expert Criminal Defense Lawyer serving Northern California , including the Bay Area , San Jose , Fremont , Pleasanton , Stockton and Modesto .
For a free confidential consultation , and for further information regarding how an ex-prosecutor and California criminal law attorney can help you , e-mail us , call us at 877-791-1836 or 510-791-1836 , or visit us in San Jose , Fremont , Pleasanton , Stockton or Modesto .
Experience really does matter - do n't trust your case to an inexperienced criminal defense attorney .
Spanish also spoken .
Contact Us Now - Open 24 Hours / Day , 7 Days / Week
会員登録するには 無料エロ動画サイトに会員登録する方法といっても、一概に説明することはできません。 エロ動画サイトは多種多様に存在しており、登録の手順についてもさまざまであるためです。 ですが、基本的な流れについては比較的似ています。 基本を押さえておけばどのサイトに登録する際でも、スムーズに進められるでしょう。 覚えておいてください。 まずサイトに入ったら、会員登録ページに進むためのボタンを探しましょう。 サイト側とすれば、ぜひとも登録して継続的に楽しんでもらいたいわけですから、分かりやすい位置に示されているのが一般的です。 「 登録 」 や 「 会員登録」、また「入会」といった文字が描かれていることが多いです。
会員ページに進むと、指定のフォームにメールアドレスやニックネーム、パスワードを入力して送信しましょう。
入力内容についてはやはりサイトそれぞれですが、そこまで特別な情報は求められません。
あとは入力したメールアドレス宛てに確認フォームが送られてくるので、所定の作業に従って進めれば登録完了です。
しかし登録せずに会員制と同じサービスを受ける事が出来るサイトもあります。
それは女子校生や痴女のエロ動画でぬけるサイトのぬきともです。 素人からAV女優をはじめ熟女に…
無料でエロ動画を楽しめるサイトへの登録・視聴方法の全てを読む
Eastwick is charming .
I do n't see how anyone can really hate this show .
There 's many likable elements to this show that very few elements that are too off - putting .
I probably wo n't watch this again , but there is a certain quality to this show that people should take a look at .
Sure the plot is a little mundane and the themes are simplistic , but the show is n't supposed to be compelling or complex .
The characters are all a tad unrealistic , but they are likable .
The dialogue and delivery has a really nice humorous feel to it .
There is n't anything clever or smart about it , but it works .
The show does n't take itself too seriously and the drama is still light - hearted .
The mystery does not feel like a mystery very much , and I 'm not even sure it should .
The rich guy Van Horne is obviously a devious character with a shady past .
Joanna and Penny dig up an old picture of Van Horne except it 's not his name .
He tries to corrupt the women through various means .
There is some story about this new guy who Roxanne dreams about him killing her so she questions her abilities after talking to him .
After the attempted rape of her daughter , Roxanne confronts the guy ( her ex-boyfriend ) and gets into a protracted battle with him which culminates into the 3 friends eyeing him and causing him to most likely be killed .
The endings of both episodes have been awkward with the openings equally as awkward and I was really confused when the episode started .
The writing of Eastwick needs work and there is so much more that could been done with the idea of witches , but the cast is great and I think it balances out the other negatives .
Score : 8.5/10
Earlier this week the federal government released new data indicating that autism is diagnosed in 1 percent of American children , far more than the 1 in 150 children previously thought to be affected .
But a new documentary suggests that the rising number of autism diagnoses does not actually represent an increase in the number of kids who have the developmental disorder .
Rather , the filmmakers say that autism is becoming an umbrella term latched onto by parents and diagnosticians alike in their efforts to get services for children whose needs are not easily defined .
“ Autistic - Like : Graham ’s Story ” follows the experiences of filmmaker Erik Linthorst as he and his wife , Jennie , struggle to find a proper diagnosis and treatment for their son Graham , now 5 .
( Click here to view the trailer >>)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Though Graham is diagnosed with autism , even diagnosticians admit that many of the boy ’s behaviors are merely autistic - like .
Meanwhile , some of Graham ’s characteristics – like his ability to establish eye contact – are n’t consistent with autism at all .
Ultimately , Graham is more appropriately diagnosed with a sensory processing disorder , but the Linthorsts are encouraged to keep the autism diagnosis so that Graham is assured government - funded early intervention and special education services .
Linthorst spoke with Disability Scoop about what it means for a child to be autistic - like and why it matters if kids like Graham are diagnosed with autism .
Disability Scoop :
What does autistic - like mean ?
Erik Linthorst :
That phrase summed up the experience that we had with Graham from the get - go .
When we went to our pediatrician she said he looks like he has autistic - like behaviors , but I do n’t think he has autism .
He looked like he had sensory processing disorder , but she said that diagnosis wo n’t get you the help he needs and an autism diagnosis will .
We left thinking , so does he have autism or does he not ?
All we know is that he has autistic - like behaviors and that ’s the best way to describe Graham .
Disability Scoop :
In Graham ’s case , what about him is autistic - like and what about him is definitely not ?
Erik Linthorst :
The part that ’s definitely not is that he ’s got this gleam in his eye .
He makes good eye contact and he ’s social .
At the same time , he developed these repetitive behaviors that were very autistic - like .
He loved to spin wheels and just stare at them .
He became obsessed with patterns and lines along the floor .
Those were very autistic - like behaviors and because he was spending so much time engaged in these behaviors , he began to fall off the developmental ladder and he started to miss his milestones .
Disability Scoop :
In the film you suggest that the diagnostic rate of 1 in 150 children ( now likely lower ) might be too high .
Why ?
Erik Linthorst :
If you met Graham today or even back when he was in intensive therapy , anyone who was savvy about children ’s development would look at him and say this kid clearly does n’t have autism .
Yet he had an autism diagnosis .
He was one of those 1 in 150 , but he did n’t have autism .
I talked to a lot of other parents and I was alarmed to find that many parents had a very similar story .
The doctor was saying your child does n’t have autism , but if you want help , here ’s what you have to do .
You need to take this diagnosis .
The result is that a lot of kids that otherwise would n’t qualify for an autism diagnosis — or maybe legitimately should n’t qualify for an autism diagnosis — are qualifying because it ’s the only thing that will get them services .
The average person sees that the CDC is lowering the stat to 1 in 100 and thinks that these numbers are because of increased incidence of a disease and that may not be the case .
Next Page >>
The Motorola Droid .
Not to mix droid metaphors here , but I feel like it 's the phone Darth Vader would use .
And after a couple of minutes using it , I 'm still excited about it .
Updated with fresh impressions , photos and video .
Advertisement
The Droid
Advertisement
It 's heavy .
And the construction makes it feel like one of the substantial phones I 've used in a while .
It 's not like anything you 've got in your pocket .
The way the screen — the best one on an Android phone yet — ponderously slides up , using only the manual power of your thumb , without the spring assistance our weak fingers are used to , adds to that feeling of weight .
At the same time , it does n't feel like a fatass .
While it has a thickness inherent to all sliders , it 's not unpleasantly plump .
It works with the rest of the phone .
There 's also something weirdly refreshing about such a straightforwardly utilitarian design .
There 's nothing here that 's trying to be sexy .
Or particularly clean .
There 's all kinds of lines and marks and bumps and details .
It 's a strange kind of retro , with the black and the gold accent .
It 's , well , Imperial .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The 3.7 - inch display , packed with pixels , looks simply amazing .
Text is ridiculously crisp , thanks to a 854x480 resolution that makes for 267 ppi .
Seriously , looking at my inbox is kinda making me drool .
( The iPhone is 163 p pi . )
Besides clarity , touch response seems dead on .
The keyboard works way better than it looks .
It appears flat , but there 's a slight bump to every key that , combined with the soft rubber texture , just works .
It 's way better than the Palm Pre keyboard .
The d-pad , I do n't think anybody would miss it if it was gone .
The touch sensitive keys on the front , I sorta wish were real buttons .
( Seriously , what 's the point , except to save space ? )
Advertisement
I think it 's my favorite piece of Android hardware yet , at least until I see the battery life .
Android Two Dot Oh Yeah
The Droid 's running a basically stock build of Android 2.0 .
You 'll be able to download Verizon apps later from a special channel in the Android Market , but you get a totally unpolluted phone out of the box .
Advertisement
It 's faster , in almost every way possible .
( This in part , is thanks to the Droid 's ARM Cortex A8 processor , the same kind in the iPhone 3GS and Palm Pre . )
Apps open quicker , transitions are instant and smooth , scrolling rarely drags in the browser or maps .
Android 's grown up .
The icons have been redesigned — they 're cleaner , more serious , less cartoony .
Contacts , as you 've seen , improved , with Facebook integration and a new feature called Quick Contact , that lets you ping somebody however you want to .
Facebook contact stuff works better than the Pre ( which gives you all or nothing options ) or the Hero ( where you have to manually link each contact ) , with the option to bring in all of your Facebook contacts , just the people that are also in your Google contacts , or manual linkage .
Advertisement
The cool bedside interface , that turns the Droid into an alarm clock with weather and stuff when you plug into the dock , is apparently something that 's just between Motorola and Google , so we might not see it on other Android 2.0 phones .
The dashboard interface , that comes up automatically when it 's plugged into the car dock , can also be accessed via the Car Home app , and it gives you quick access to contacts , navigation , voice search , search and maps .
Advertisement
Voice is a much bigger part of Android 2.0 — holding down the search button for a second engages voice commands for search , navigation ( just say " navigate " ) and other features .
Speaking of navigation , Brian has a lot more here on Google 's new turn - by - turn service with data layers .
It might be the single most significant upgrade in Android 2.0 , actually .
One thing that 's not upgraded ?
The onscreen keyboard .
It 's still sorta crummy .
Advertisement
Universal search — thank god .
It 's amazing to me that the phone OS from the search company fell behind Palm and Apple on this .
It 's here now , and it can search your contacts , browser history and bookmarks , contacts , apps , your music and YouTube .
( Why you have to separately search SMS and email , I do n't know . )
The browser , besides being simply faster and working better , has a slightly refreshed UI — multiple windows are managed via a simple text list , for instance .
Some of the other benefits , like HTML5 support , are obviously a little hard to easily quantify .
Advertisement
We 'll have more for you over the next few days , but for now , just know that yes , it 's okay to be excited about this .
It may very well be the Droid we were looking for .
One morning in 2005 , Chella Quint was lying in bed wondering if her period was due .
That day she was entering a contest to create a magazine in 24 hours .
She needed an idea , and the two thoughts collided .
Why not create a 10 - year chart for her menstrual cycle ?
She need never lie in bed wondering again .
She could include interviews , a diagram of female reproductive organs , an ode to alternative sanitary products . . .
So began Quint 's life as a menstrual activist .
Since that hastily written debut , she has created four issues of her 'zine , Adventures in Menstruating , complete with leakage horror stories and tampon craft projects .
She has taken her " menstrual comedy " show from her home in Sheffield to feminist festivals in Berlin , Cork and Malmö .
And she has started a project to photograph her " biggest bugbear " : the sanitary disposal units ( SDUs ) in British toilets .
" My partner Sarah calls them ' the elephant in the smallest room ' , " she says of the SDUs .
" Nobody talks about them .
They 're huge , grey and hulking , and if your bottom is bigger than your head then you 've come into bodily contact with them .
I 'm just trying to chronicle the number of clues a woman might see each day that say ' You are a bio - hazard ' . "
Quint 's mission is to take the shame out of periods , to " help alter the visibility of menstruation , so that it 's at least normal to talk about it .
Because , right now , it 's not " .
Quint is n't the only one breaking taboos .
It seems that menstrual activism ( otherwise known as radical menstruation , menstrual anarchy , or menarchy ) is having a moment .
The term is used to describe a whole range of actions , not all considered political by the person involved : simple efforts to speak openly about periods , radical affronts to negative attitudes and campaigns for more environmentally friendly sanitary products .
( It is estimated that a woman will dispose of 11,400 tampons in her lifetime – an ecological disaster . )
Earlier this year , 18 - year - old Rachel Kauder Nalebuff published My Little Red Book , a collection of first period stories by women including Erica Jong , which became a US bestseller .
In June , the British - based artist Ingrid Berthon - Moine exhibited a video at the Venice Biennale of her twanging her tampon string to the song Slave to the Rhythm .
She is currently completing a series of photographs featuring women wearing their menstrual blood as lipstick .
Jezebel , the popular women 's website , has posted a story , describing in lingering detail , the much - feared - but - never - spoken - of experience of forgetting to remove a tampon ( after 10 days it smelled of " rotting fish meets sewage meets Black Death " ) .
Filmmaker and academic Giovanna Chesler has toured her documentary , Period : The End of Menstruation , a response to the growing number of hormone treatments that promise to end the monthly bleed altogether .
And , when I wrote an article for G2 this summer about a Tampax advertising campaign that used viral marketing techniques , the online comments were dominated by glowing reviews of an alternative sanitary product , the Moon Cup .
Apparently Moon Cup enthusiasts were staging a viral campaign of their own .
Next spring , Chris Bobel , associate professor of women 's studies at the University of Massachusetts Boston , publishes New Blood : Third Wave Feminism and the Politics of Menstruation .
Most menstrual activists , says Bobel , " begin by thinking , wait a minute !
Do we have to regard our period as something dirty ?
Do we have to greet a girl 's first period with silence ?
And then they get interested in challenging that . "
So , for instance , Kauder Nalebuff 's book stemmed from her own first experience of menstruation - waterskiing in a yellow swimsuit with her grandfather .
She thought this was a truly " terrible story " , but when it was shared with her family , it was brought into stark perspective .
Her great aunt Nina revealed that her first period arrived as she was about to be strip searched while fleeing Nazi- occupied Poland , and " the most powerful part , " says Kauder Nalebuff , " was that she had never told anyone about this before .
I started asking other women in my family about their first periods , and I found it was an electric topic . "
She sees her project " as a segue for women to talk openly about their family history , their bodies .
Really important issues . "
Menstrual activism certainly is n't new .
In 1970 , in The Female Eunuch , Germaine Greer memorably wrote that " if you think you are emancipated , you might consider the idea of tasting your own menstrual blood – if it makes you sick , you 've a long way to go , baby " .
Bobel has charted the movement 's history , writing about the first " bleed - in " in 1973 , when 13 women gathered in the US and " shared stories of their first periods " .
Around the same time the artist Judy Chicago created Red Flag , a lithograph of a bloody tampon being pulled from between a woman 's legs .
( Berthon - Moine 's work reflects Chicago's , and is , she says , similarly a way of breaking taboos and " showing what you usually do n't see – tampons , blood , all that " . )
In the 80s , the focus shifted , with activists " working with industry and government to produce safer products " , says Bobel .
This was the era of the toxic shock syndrome epidemic ; in 1980 , 813 period - related toxic shock cases were reported in the US , and 38 women died .
The panic and fear inspired some incredibly effective activism .
In Britain , for instance , Bernadette Vallely and the Women 's Environmental Network campaigned against the potential health risks of chlorine - bleached sanitary products ; apparently , after just six weeks all major British producers had pledged to stop the bleaching process .
These days , says Bobel , activists often bypass engagement with corporations and concentrate on DIY approaches , setting up businesses that sell reusable sanitary products for instance .
This reflects the punk and alternative roots of the current movement .
Where the hippy / spiritual wing of 70s feminism might once have composed celebratory songs to the lunar cycle , recent activists are more likely to dress up as a bloody tampon and perform a cheer : " Smear it on your face and rub it on your body , it 's time to start a menstrual party ! "
It would be easy to lampoon those who are breaking the menstrual taboo , to accuse them not just of navel - gazing , but of setting their sights quite literally lower .
Of all the feminist issues in the world , why this one ?
And might it not prove an invitation for men to talk about their bodily functions too ?
( Something surely to be avoided . )
But , as Kauder Nalebuff 's book illustrates , this is a subject long mired in shame and confusion – there are girls who know nothing about periods until their first one arrives , and assume it is a sign of impending death .
Many grown women still feel embarrassed about buying tampons .
When touring her film , Chesler says that she met groups of women who had never heard the term " ovulation " ; audiences would nonetheless have two - hour conversations about their experiences .
And then there are the environmental issues , which are still far from being resolved .
Quint says that she will write her ' zine until she is finally ready for Adventures in Menopausing instead , " but , of course , it would be great if I did n't have to , if there was no shame whatsoever " .
For now , this seems a long way off .
The bloody fight continues .
Peggy Noonan thinks she knows what 's good for Democrats and that this Stupak - Pitts abortion amendment is somehow good for the party — but only in a “ funny , little political way ” .
How quaint of you Peggy to be so completely dismissive of what the real life impact of that amendment passing would actually mean to the lives of women , especially those with low incomes that are the least capable of doing anything to fight back against what ’s happening but most likely to be impacted by it .
Noonan had this bit of condescending wisdom to share with all of us on this weekend ’s edition of The Chris Matthews Show .
Matthews :
Peggy every four years the Democrats meet and write a platform and it says pro-choice , abortion rights , but you know a third of the Democratic people in this country , who vote Democrat are pro-life .
Did they ever , ever have a plan here to bring them all together ?— because that ’s what they have to do .
Noonan : I do n’t know if they had a plan but I ’ll tell you in a purely political sense , for the Democratic Party to shake off for the first time in like 35 years the general understanding that they are the pro-choice and you cannot be pro-life and be in this party — it hurts the Democratic Party — everybody always said it hurt the Republicans to be pro-life .
It hurt the Democrats to be rigidly pro-choice — to not let pro-life people speak at their conventions etc .
In a funny , little political way this is a benefit to the Democratic Party that , that pro-life people have a serious place at the table at this moment .
It ’s good for them .
What ’s pathetic is that religion is allowed to be used at all to get working people to vote against their own economic interests and that people do n’t have the sense to see past that .
And if Peggy Noonan thinks that it is acceptable to call any aspect of this debate “ funny ” or “ little ” , she needs to go read Digby ’s post from last week - Goldilocks Was Betrayed :
El experto acusa a los gobernantes de esconderse tras las faldas del Fondo Monetario Internacional y del Banco Mundial porque es una manera cómoda de eludir sus responsabilidades
Turco de origen , Dani Rodrik es uno de los economistas más influyentes en la academia estadounidense .
En la escuela John F. Kennedy de Harvard ha sido formador de muchos gobernantes latinoame ricanos .
Se asume a sí mismo como un pensador pragmático y combate el papel excesivo que las ideologías han jugado en nuestro continente a la hora de formular la política económica .
Acusa a los gobernantes de escudarse tras las faldas del Banco Mundial y del Fondo Monetario Internacional para eludir sus propias responsabilidades .
Señala a México , al igual que a Turquía , por haber sido países poco innovadores .
Los encuentra perezosos por haber limitado su energía intelectual a integrarse , el primero en la región norteamericana y el segundo , en la Unión Europea .
Advierte también que el TLCAN no le será tan útil a los mexicanos para hacer avanzar su situación económica .
Se trata de un mero acuerdo comercial sin demasiadas aspiraciones .
En los últimos 25 años nos creímos en México que había una sola ruta para lograr el crecimiento de nuestra economía .
Fuimos muy disciplinados a la hora de seguir las recetas del Consenso de Washington y sin embargo , ahora nos encontramos con una de las tasas de crecimiento más pobres en América Latina .
¿ Dónde nos equivocamos ?
El Consenso de Washington fue inspirado por el deseo de conducir la política económica para que fuera amigable con el mercado .
Y la idea no era mala pero en un gran número de países se implementó como un recetario muy rígido .
Mientras tanto , dejó de prestarse suficiente atención a las soluciones locales que hubieran podido resolver de mejor manera los problemas .
Ahora nos damos cuenta de que los países exitosos son aquellos que supieron mezclar virtuosamente los elementos del Consenso de Wa-shington , con innovaciones originales de política económica , basadas en la realidad local .
Para profundizar , ¿cuáles son las diferencias que se observan entre las políticas económicas seguidas por los países asiáticos y las de América Latina ?
Precisamente , una diferencia interesante en la política económica de Asia es su pragmatismo .
En cambio América Latina es muy ideológica .
Creo que las discusiones sobre política económica latinoamericana tienden a gravitar entre un extremo y el otro : o estás a favor del mercado , o estás por la intervención del Estado .
Y dependiendo del momento , una opción prevalece sobre la otra .
Demasiada ideología es creer que si dejamos al mercado funcionar libremente todo va a estar bien ; o lo contrario , que el mercado siempre falla y entonces lo que necesitamos es un Estado fuertemente regulador para corregir los problemas .
En Asia la discusión sobre política económica nunca es así .
Frecuentemente se dice : “ Tenemos un problema , ¿cómo lo resolvemos ? ”
A veces van a dejar al mercado funcionar libremente , a veces van a preferir el control del Estado , y muchas veces van a tener los dos funcionando juntos .
A un lado de ese pragmatismo está la voluntad de probar opciones diferentes .
Como dice el proverbio chino : “ mientras el gato atrape a los ratones , no importa cómo lo haga . ”
La política industrial ha jugado un papel particularmente importante en Asia .
¿ Usted sugeriría observar en México lo que hicieron los países asiáticos para relanzar la industria nacional ?
Sí lo haría pero , otra vez , sin que se vuelva una nueva fórmula en la que , básicamente , ves lo que hizo Corea del Sur y tratas de hacer lo mismo .
O lo que hizo Taiwán o China para imitarles .
Creo que la lección de Asia tiene que ver con un proceso pragmático de colaboración entre el gobierno y el sector privado .
Contrariamente a lo que se cree en América Latina o en México , cuando el sector privado viene a pedir algo , la mayoría de las veces es por una buena razón y no sólo por asuntos relacionados con la corrupción o para buscar un beneficio particular .
La política industrial ha de ser una forma de ver las cosas , una perspectiva ; no únicamente una serie de subvenciones , de intervenciones o de incentivos fiscales , todo eso puede resultar de esa perspectiva , siempre y cuando sepas lo que estás haciendo , y si esas políticas corresponden a objetivos precisos y claros , y previamente pactados .
A veces sólo necesitas cambiar la legislación , sin tener que sacar nada de dinero ; a veces se requieren incentivos fiscales o subsidios .
Obviamente el gobierno necesita tener la capacidad de distinguir entre el interés particular y los beneficios generales .
Necesita de capacidad de discernimiento , pero creo que hoy la mayoría de los gobiernos la tienen .
En México , una buena parte de la población está convencida de que el FMI , el Banco Mundial y la OCDE terminan imponiendo un modelo económico rígido .
¿ Qué respondería ?
Creo que están en lo correcto , hasta en un cierto punto .
El régimen internacional redujo progresivamente el espacio en el cual se podían buscar innovaciones institucionales , pero también hemos exagerado mucho la naturaleza de estas limitaciones .
Si dejamos de ver a esas grandes instituciones para concentrarnos en los inversionistas internacionales — en las empresas multinacionales o en los mercados financieros — terminaremos descubriendo que ninguno de ellos tiene ideología .
Sólo creen en el éxito .
Por tanto , su dinero va a dar donde se pueda ganar más .
Hoy se va a Asia , porque Asia encontró una fórmula que está funcionando , y a estos inversionistas no les importa si se están haciendo las cosas de una manera económica poco ortodoxa .
Malasia , por ejemplo , en 1997 implementó un control estatal para impedir la fuga de capitales que se originó como producto de la crisis financiera asiática ; el FMI dijo que se habían excluido solos de la economía mundial y todos los mercados financieros anunciaron que nunca jamás regresarían a Malasia .
Cuando este país se recuperó , en parte gracias al control sobre los capitales , el dinero volvió a fluir a este país como si nada hubiera ocurrido .
Aunque el Banco Mundial , el Fondo Monetario Internacional o el Tesoro de EU tengan su propia ideología , los mercados internacionales no tienen ninguna .
Por ello que aquellos países que hacen lo correcto pueden prosperar , siempre y cuando sean exitosos en lo que decidieron .
Creo que muchas veces son los políticos locales quienes se esconden detrás de las agencias o de las reglas internacionales .
Lo hacen porque es una manera cómoda de evadir su responsabilidad , una manera de hacer las cosas con un mínimo de trabajo político en su país .
Porque es mucho más fácil hacer las cosas y luego justificarse diciendo que fue lo que el FMI obligó a que se hiciera , en lugar de construir un acuerdo social alrededor de una serie de soluciones más específicas .
Según yo , la razón por la cual el BM y el FMI , muchas de las veces parecen imponer el mismo tipo de soluciones es porque los gobiernos les devuelven la batuta diciendo “ mejor dígannos ustedes qué hacer ” Y cuando reciben esa solicitud , pues evidentemente las instituciones les dicen lo único que saben hacer .
¿ Cree que la Unión Europea sigue siendo un modelo para enfrentar la incertidumbre y los problemas derivados de la globalización económica ?
Lo que la Unión Europea está intentando hacer es construir algo así como los Estados Unidos de Europa , y si uno estudia la experiencia histórica de los Estados Unidos de América se da cuenta de cuánto tardó y qué tan difícil estuvo , y hasta fue necesaria una guerra civil muy sangrienta para lograr ese sentido compartido de lo que debían ser las reglas del juego para la nación entera .
¿ Tal vez la Segunda Guerra Mundial fue esa gran guerra civil de Europa ?
Tal vez y no hay que sorprenderse de que el camino sea tan difícil .
Europa sigue siendo la parte del mundo que tiene la probabilidad más grande de construir una comunidad política original , al mismo tiempo que establece una zona económica integrada .
La única forma de lograr tener una economía completamente integrada es teniendo también una comunidad política que apoya dicho mercado económico regional .
Por eso creo que es una visión coherente para el futuro , pero también van a haber muchas trabas en el camino .
Algunas voces han planteado que el TLCAN podría llevar a México hacia una unión similar con Canadá y EU .
¿ Lo cree posible ?
Es diferente porque toda esa infraestructura legal y política que la Unión Europea está intentando construir no está presente en el Tratado de Libre Comercio de América del Norte .
Este último se limita a un simple acuerdo comercial con unas pocas extensiones en otros ámbitos , tales como servicios , inversión o medio ambiente .
La Unión Europea , en cambio , tiene toda una serie de reglas que rebasan las 100 mil páginas y siguen creciendo mientras estamos hablando .
Es un intento mayúsculo por crear toda esa infraestructura regulatoria y legal dentro de una economía regional .
No veo nada parecido en el contexto del TLCAN y eso lleva consecuencias desafortunadas .
Las fuerzas de convergencia económica que se van a dar probablemente en la Unión Europea — donde las regiones atrasadas tienen mucho más potencial de alcanzar a las más avanzadas — no creo que vayan a operar de la misma manera para México dentro del Tratado de Libre Comercio de América del Norte .
Siendo usted de origen turco , ¿diría que naciones como Turquía o México , colocadas justo en medio entre el mundo desarrollado y el mundo en desarrollo , tienen alguna ventaja competitiva respecto a otras colocadas en la periferia ?
De cierta forma estos dos países sí han podido aprovechar las ventajas de encontrarse cerca de los mayores centros económicos ; Estados Unidos por una parte y la Unión Europea por otra .
Y han tenido la perspectiva de recibir un acceso preferencial a ambos mercados , poseen además cierto grado de integración con esos poderes económicos mayores , y han aprovechado todas las ventajas que tal cosa implicaba .
Por otro lado , también han tenido todas las desventajas de estar demasiado cerca de estas áreas y eso llevó consigo una cierta pereza intelectual y política sobre el rango de las reformas y de las innovaciones institucionales que debían emprender .
Hoy en día , en Turquía toda la discusión sobre las reformas institucionales se limita a cómo adaptar a la Unión Europea todas las leyes y regulaciones propias .
Y creo que desde hace mucho tiempo en México la cuestión de la reforma institucional se resume más o menos a lo mismo , a cómo integrarse convenientemente en América del Norte .
Usted ha analizado aquellas instituciones que no son estrictamente económicas y que también resultan importantes para el crecimiento .
¿ Cuáles le parecerían fundamentales para ayudar a México en su desarrollo económico ?
Una cosa que hemos aprendido sobre el funcionamiento de la economía de mercado es que requiere de muchas instituciones .
La primera noción del capitalismo , la de Adam Smith , la visión que dominó el siglo XIX y la que siguen predicando hoy los libertarios ( neoliberales ) , de que el mercado sólo necesita lo mínimo del Estado — un Estado que básicamente provea seguridad pública , defensa de los derechos de propiedad , y administre justicia — es insuficiente .
Los mercados no se crean solos , no se regulan , no se estabilizan y no se legitiman solos .
Requieren de arreglos para estabilizar sus variables macroeconomicas , las monetarias y las fiscales .
Y también necesitan de instituciones que otorguen confianza frente al funcionamiento del mercado : mecanismos de seguridad social , salud y educación , redes de solidaridad , transferencias sociales , las normas relativas al medio ambiente ; y por supuesto , la democracia política que es una institución fundamental de legitimación para los marcados .
Los mercados funcionan mejor cuando están integrados en todas esas instituciones .
Sin embargo , eso no significa que uno puede desarrollar estas instituciones de un día para otro ; evidentemente no es posible .
Creo que el ejemplo de China demuestra cómo se puede hacer de una manera progresiva y estratégica .
Tampoco significa que esas instituciones tienen que tomar una forma particular , la que existe en EU , Suecia o China .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Americans ' approval of the job Congress is doing is at 21 % this month , down significantly from last month 's 31 % and from the recent high of 39 % in March .
" The current drop in overall job approval to 21 % particularly reflects a substantial drop in approval among Democrats , whose 36 % rating this month is 18 points lower than last month 's 54 % , and the lowest since January of this year . "
Congressional approval rose sharply in the months after President Obama 's inauguration , from 19 % in January to 31 % in February and 39 % in March .
Approval then began to slip gradually , dipping to 31 % by the end of the summer , before falling precipitously in October .
Given the current 21 % reading , it appears that any " honeymoon " period for the 111th Congress has eroded .
Approval of Congress today is significantly below the average 36 % rating found across the past two decades .
Congressional job approval reached its all - time high of 84 % in October 2001 , weeks after that year 's Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , and at a time when presidential job approval also shot to all - time highs .
Approval of Congress slowly declined from that point through the summer of 2008 , reaching the all - time low of 14 % in July of that year , as gas prices soared to record highs .
The current drop in overall job approval to 21 % particularly reflects a substantial drop in approval among Democrats , whose 36 % rating this month is 18 points lower than last month 's 54 % , and the lowest since January of this year .
Republicans ' already - low ratings of Congress have dropped marginally , to 9 % from 13 % last month .
There is a similar pattern among independents , whose approval of Congress , now at 16 % , is down from 23 % last month .
Bottom Line
The reasons why Americans ' ratings of Congress have fallen so significantly this month are not completely clear .
The highly publicized and sometimes acrimonious debate over healthcare reform in recent weeks would seem a proximate and , therefore , possible explanation .
It is also possible that Americans are frustrated with the lack of meaningful outcomes from Congress .
A Gallup analysis of a drop in congressional job approval ratings in 2007 found that many who disapproved cited congressional inaction as the explanation .
Of note is the steep decline in approval among Democrats , who appear to be souring on the job Congress is doing despite the fact that their party controls both the House and the Senate .
For the first time since February , Democrats ' approval of the job Congress is doing is below 50 % -- with only slightly more than a third of Democrats now approving .
It is possible that after watching Democratic lawmakers defend healthcare reform in town hall meetings through the summer , rank - and - file Democrats may be disappointed that Congress has n't followed through with more progress on that legislation this fall .
Congress remains the lowest rated of the three branches of government .
Gallup Daily tracking puts President Obama 's job approval ratings in the low 50 % range in recent days , and Gallup 's most recent assessment of the Supreme Court in late August / early September gave that institution a 61 % job approval score .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,013 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Oct. 1 - 4 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
CIA interrogators threatened a captured al - Qaida leader with a power drill and a pistol in what was described as a mock execution , according to a long - suppressed report due to be released on Monday .
Details of the report by the spy agency 's inspector general have emerged in the Washington Post and Newsweek .
The full findings on the CIA 's interrogation programme are to be made public after a federal judge upheld an appeal from the American Civil Liberties Union for their release .
The report is understood to describe mock executions where interrogators tried to get detainees to talk by firing a gun in an adjoining room to pretend another prisoner had been killed .
According to leaked information from the report , Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri was threatened with a drill and gun during his detention at one of the CIA 's so - called black site prisons after his capture in 2002 .
He was subjected to the near - drowning technique known as waterboarding , as were two other al - Qaida leaders .
Nashiri , who remains in detention at Guantánamo Bay , has been accused of masterminding the 1999 bombing of the USS Cole , which killed 17 American sailors .
Sources familiar with the report told the Washington Post that Nashiri was threatened with death or grave injury during his questioning .
A CIA officer showed Nashiri a gun and suggested he would be shot , and a power drill was held near Nashiri 's body and repeatedly turned on and off .
US law on torture prohibits a US national from threatening anyone in his custody with imminent death .
The disclosures come as the CIA faces intense scrutiny .
The US attorney general , Eric Holder , has been examining the legality of the CIA 's interrogation methods .
The inspector general examined CIA techniques over a period of two years – from 2002 until 2004 – to see whether justice department guidelines for so - called " enhanced interrogations " had been followed .
Those guidelines were finally released by the Obama administration despite the objections of the CIA and former senior officials under George Bush .
The report is understood to be the most detailed review of the agency 's interrogation programme and is believed to be highly critical of the techniques used , suggesting that a number of them broke international laws and norms .
The document has become deeply controversial within the CIA itself , not least because the agency was advised two months before Nashiri 's capture in a memo from Jay Bybee , the head of the justice department 's office of legal counsel , that threats of " imminent death " were legal if they did not cause permanent mental harm .
The report – originally commissioned by then CIA director George Tenet – has become a cause celebre .
It was seen by justice department and congressional intelligence committee leaders shortly after it was written , but not shown to all members of the intelligence committees until September 2006 .
Top Bush CIA officials , including Tenet 's successors as CIA director , Porter Goss and General Michael Hayden , lobbied for the report to be kept secret , claiming its release would damage America 's reputation around the world and damage CIA morale .
Its public release comes after revelations last week that the CIA hired the private military contractor Blackwater – now known as Xe Services – to assassinate al - Qaida leaders .
The programme never got off the ground and was kept secret from Congress .
Previous scandals that damaged the reputation of the CIA and the US internationally during the Bush years include the disclosure of the US secret rendition programme for terrorist suspects , the existence of the black site prisons and the use of waterboarding .
Barack Obama has said that waterboarding constitutes torture and is therefore forbidden under US law .
In Europe , the Swiss senator who has led an inquiry across the continent into secret CIA - run detention centres has urged European nations to come clean about their involvement " in this shameful episode " .
Dick Marty said Europe 's credibility was being damaged by leaks about CIA interrogation facilities in countries such as Poland , Romania and Lithuania .
Marty said that instead of having the truth trickle out gradually , all participants in the illegal program should publicly admit their involvement .
In a 2007 probe conducted on behalf of the Council of Europe , Marty accused 14 European governments of permitting the CIA to run detention centres or conduct rendition flights through their countries between 2002 and 2005 .
Palin “ did n’t believe in the theory that human beings — thinking , loving beings — originated from fish that sprouted legs and crawled out of the sea ” or from “ monkeys who eventually swung down from the trees .
” Quoted in Michiko Katutani's review of Sarah Palin 's new memoir .
In a helicopter above the city on Friday , Stephen Wiltshire of London looked down at the streets and sprawl of New York .
He flew for 20 minutes .
Since then , working only from the memory of that sight , he has been sketching and drawing a mighty panorama of the city , rendering the city ’s 305 square miles along an arc of paper that is 19 feet long .
He is working publicly in a gallery at the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn .
“ I always memorize by helicopter , ” he said on Tuesday , pausing from detailing the corners of a street on the Brooklyn side of the Williamsburg Bridge .
Mr. Wiltshire sees and draws .
It is how he connects .
Until age 5 , he had never uttered a word .
One day , his kindergarten class at a school for autistic children in London went on a field trip .
When they came back , he spoke .
“ He said , ‘ Paper , ’ ” his sister , Annette Wiltshire , said .
“ The teacher asked him to say it again .
He said it .
Then they asked him to say something else , and he said , ‘ Pen . ’ ”
BBC Sport
All the action as it happens
Efforts to bring advanced typography to the Web have reached an important milestone .
Type designers Tal Leming and Erik van Blokland , who had been working to developing the . webfont format , combined forces with Mozilla 's Jonathan Kew , who had been working independently on a similar format .
The result of the collaboration is called Web Open Font Format ( WOFF ) , and it has the backing of a wide array of type designers and type foundries .
Mozilla will also include support for it in Firefox 3.6 .
WOFF combines the work of Leming and Blokland had done on embedding a variety of useful font metadata with the font resource compression that Kew had developed .
The end result is a format that includes optimized compression that reduces the download time needed to load font resources while incorporating information about the font 's origin and licensing .
The format does n't include any encryption or DRM , so it should be universally accepted by browser vendors — this should also qualify it for adoption by the W3C .
Solving different problems
Jonathan Kew has been involved in font technology for some time , and had been following the discussions of how to best support fonts and @font - face directive in browsers .
" I thought I could see a possible way forward through both the technical and the political issues surrounding Web fonts , and so I put forward a proposal , " Kew told Ars .
That format was called ZOT , and was based on compressed OpenType .
" Kew 's proposal described a way to compress the individual tables of a SFNT font in a way that not only made the file smaller , but it also offered possibilities for smarter bandwidth use , " explained Leming .
" For example , a mobile browser could only download the cmap table from the font , decompress it , look at its contents and decide if the rest of the font should be downloaded .
This format was liked quite a bit by some of the browser makers , but it was n't well known among the type industry , " he told Ars .
This is a sample page created by noted typographer Erik Spiekermann using WOFF versions of FF Meta and FF Meta Serif displayed in Firefox 3.6 beta .
Meanwhile , Leming and Blokland were working on their own . webfont format , which had started to attract support from those in the type industry .
The two found themselves spearheading the work quite by accident .
" The type industry is a very loose and diverse group of small companies , departments of bigger companies and a lot of individuals , " Blokland told Ars .
" Nobody appointed us their official negotiators or representatives — Tal and I just got involved because we found it too important to ignore and wanted to find a solution that was acceptable to all parties , foundries , Web developers , user agent builders .
So we started working on a new proposal , listening to many parties , trying to address real issues and use open standards , " he said .
Some type companies wanted encryption and the ability to compel browsers to enforce licensing .
Browser vendors wanted open standards , compression to speed downloads , and did n't want to be responsible for font licensing enforcement .
Web developers wanted something easy and straightforward to use .
The proposed . webfont format attempted to address those issues and presented a compromise that would work for everyone involved .
It used font data in the same format as OpenType ( it was capable of handling future formats , too ) so it would n't require any new font handling code .
It included a rich metadata section , with fields for copyright and licensing information , as well as a private data area that type foundries could use for whatever else they wanted to include .
There was basic ZIP - based compression , but no DRM or encryption .
A font in the . webfont format could n't be trivially installed on a computer for use , so it offered some protection from casual copying .
H?kon Wium Lie , the " father " of CSS and a developer at Opera , suggested that Leming and Blokland combine forces with Kew to develop a sort of ? ber - webfont .
" Erik and I both liked ZOT , so we were open to the idea , " Leming told Ars .
" After that , we worked with Jonathan to combine the proposals .
WOFF combines Jonathan 's ZOT compression and structure with the metadata and private data spaces that we had in our . webfont proposal .
We think that we were able to combine the best of both proposals , " he observed .
Widespread support
Kew , Leming , and Blokland have published a specification for WOFF , and Mozilla is already hard at work implementing support for it in Firefox 3.6 .
Firefox will have a default same - origin restriction , so it will only load WOFF fonts from the same domain as the webpage being loaded — a restriction that puts type vendors at ease .
The ability to load fonts from other domains can be enabled by a server using Cross - Origin Resource Sharing ( CORS ) .
It seems likely that WOFF could eventually be adopted by browser vendors outside of Mozilla , including Safari — and by extension , WebKit - based browsers like Chrome — as well as Opera .
WOFF has gained wide support from type vendors , as we found when speaking to both larger companies like FontShop International and small , one - man operations like Mark Simonson Studio .
" Basically , I like it because it 's designed specifically for Web browsers , " Mark Simonson told Ars .
" It 's compressed , so it minimizes bandwidth use and , because it only works in Web browsers , not on the desktop , it 's easy to make it clear to customers what it 's for when they buy a license . "
" FontShop International — home of the world 's largest collection of original , contemporary typefaces , the FontFont Library — supports WOFF , since users , designers , and foundries all need a Web fonts format , " agreed Ivo Gabrowitsch , marketing director for FSI .
" We want to support honest users , offering them the typographic variety they want to have , but are not willing to offer our library to use with insecure technologies , such as ' raw fonts ' via @font - face .
We want a more protected way of serving professional fonts to the Web , though such a format must respect the issues of all the involved , without the hassle of DRM .
The technology must be easy of use with minimal impediments on both Web designers and readers , " he told Ars .
Another well - known studio , House Industries , is also excited to take advantage of the new format .
" We think that WOFF will ultimately provide a better global typographical solution because it will be more likely to gain the consensus of the browser developers , Web developers , and type designers , " House Industries co-founder Rich Roat told Ars .
" And selfishly , it will dramatically broaden the market for our typography and make it easier for us to deliver if there is eventually a standard format that is universally accepted . "
Dozens of type designers and vendors have already pledged support for the format , and preliminary tools are already available to create WOFF fonts from existing OpenType fonts .
" We worked together with the type community to make this happen , have created new business opportunities for type creators , have given new capabilities to Web developers and have given the opportunity for a much more expressive Web for users , " Kew said .
" It 's a win for everyone involved . "
A demonstration of more advanced typography possibilities by Mozilla 's Jonathan Kew .
It seems that more expressive typography will be working its way to the Web soon .
But Kew is n't stopping at basic font support via WOFF .
He has also been experimenting with implementing support for advanced typographic features like ligatures , discretionary forms , alternate forms , tabular figures for easier to read tables , and more , all via CSS properties .
This advanced support is still in the very early stages of development , but type and design nerds can definitely get a sense of the possibilities by checking out a demo video he created ( above ) showing off work that may turn up as soon as Firefox 3.7 .
Ultimately , all this work will enable websites to take on the expressiveness of print , and extend it further with CSS animations .
The benefit of supporting @font - face with WOFF fonts ( instead of converting type into images or Flash ) is that text will remain accessible .
With support already coming in the next version of Firefox , WOFF may gain adoption much faster than many had expected .
Like Kew said , it 's a win for everyone involved .
Further Reading :
Listing image by Photo CC by Gordana Adamovic - Mladenovic
Is GI Joe writer Stuart Beattie 's dream project about to come true , courtesy of a big - name benefactor ?
That 's the rumor going around town right now .
Are you ready for Steven Spielberg 's Halo ?
Advertisement
We told you last month about Beattie 's desire to make a movie based on the popular Halo franchise and we showed you concept art from his pitch last August .
But it seems that we were n't the only ones who noticed the passion in the GI Joe writer 's words ; Steven Spielberg is , according to IESB 's sources , in active negotiations to sign onto the project — in the process , resurrecting it from the dead state it 's collapsed into — because of Beattie 's pitch .
Advertisement
Whether or not this means that the movie will ever get made , remains to be seen —
Halo has already defeated Peter Jackson , after all .
Master Chief and HALO May Be Coming to the Big Screen Sooner than Expected with a New Big Name Producer [ IESB ]
If the sand around the eggs hits 30 degrees Celsius ( 86 degrees Fahrenheit ) , the gender balance shifts to females , Mr. Drews said , and at about 32 degrees ( 89.6 Fahrenheit ) they are all female .
Above 34 ( 93 ) , “ you get boiled eggs , ” he said .
Image
At a beach there , boys prepared to release hatched turtles .
Credit ... Ruth Fremson / The New York Times
On some nesting beaches , scientists are artificially cooling nests with shade or irrigation and trying to protect broader areas of coastal property from development to ensure that turtles have a place to nest as the seas rise .
In places like Playa Junquillal , an hour south of here , local youths are paid $ 2 a night to scoop up newly laid eggs and move them to a hatchery where they are shaded and irrigated to maintain a nest temperature of 29.7 degrees Celsius ( 85.4 ) , which will yield both genders .
On a recent night , Dennis Gómez Jiménez , a 22 - year - old in a red baseball cap and jeans , deftly excavated the nest of a three - foot - wide Olive Ridley , one of the smaller sea turtle species .
The turtle had just finished the hourlong task of burying 100 - plus eggs and then lumbered back into the water .
One by one , Mr. Jiménez placed what looked like table tennis balls into a plastic bag and transferred them to an ersatz nest he had dug in a shaded , fenced - off portion of sand that serves as a hatchery .
Sandbags are positioned to protect against tides that could rip nests apart .
When the turtles hatch , in 40 to 60 days depending on the species , they are carried in wicker baskets to the ocean ’s edge and make a beeline for the water .
Gabriel Francia , a biologist who oversees the youths , known locally as the “ baula ” or leatherback boys , likens their work to delivering an endangered infant by Caesarean section .
Safe drinking water is something we Americans tend to take for granted , until a crisis like lead contamination in Flint , Michigan , makes us wonder what chemicals could be lurking in our own taps .
Bigandt_Photography / iStock
“ Flint was a wake - up call for Americans , but it ’s not the only place in the United States with tap water problems , ” says Erik Olson , director of NRDC ’s Health program .
“ Thousands of other cities and small towns across the country are serving water with lead or other contamination problems to millions of people . ”
The NRDC Health team has fought to protect drinking water — both locally and nationally — for decades .
In fact , Lynn Thorp , national campaigns director for the nonprofit organization Clean Water Action , says NRDC has been the group ’s most valued partner in efforts to enforce the federal Safe Drinking Water Act .
“ Together we ’ve been a watchdog for the public at every stage of implementation and for all the many parts of the law , ” she says .
While there have been victories over the years , you should still remain vigilant about the contaminants that might be in your pipes , faucets , or local water supply .
Here ’s what you should know and how you can stay safe .
It ’s not just about lead
All public water suppliers in the United States are required to uphold certain levels of water quality .
As long as these requirements are met , Olson says , most Americans can drink their local tap water without worry .
Still , violations remain widespread , and some water systems have contaminants that are n’t regulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
According to a new NRDC report , nearly 77 million Americans got drinking water from systems that violated federal protections in 2015 , and more than a third of this number relied on systems that did not comply with standards put in place to protect health .
Millions of other Americans ’ water suppliers failed to test water safety properly or did n’t report test results to health authorities or customers — potentially sweeping many more health risks under the rug .
Turning on the Tap in America Learn More
These numbers likely understate the extent of the problem , given underreporting and the fact that many contaminants are n’t even monitored or regulated .
For instance , common contaminants such as perchlorate and PFOA / PFOS ( chemical cousins of Teflon ) occur in millions of Americans ’ tap water , but because they are n’t regulated by the EPA , they do n’t show up in these already staggering figures .
Sensitive groups , like pregnant women and children , are at higher risk for health complications , especially from the following contaminants :
Lead :
Likely the most famous bad guy , this heavy metal can leach from lead pipes and plumbing fixtures , especially when the water flowing through them is corrosive .
It can cause neurological and behavioral problems in children and adverse health effects in adults .
“ It ’s a more common problem in cities with older water systems , ” NRDC Health team scientist Kristi Pullen Fedinick says , “ but what a lot of people do n’t realize is that even relatively new brass fixtures and faucets can still contain significant amounts of lead .
Just because your home is less than 20 years old does n’t necessarily mean you ’re lead - free . ”
Atrazine :
This endocrine - disrupting chemical is one of the most commonly detected pesticides in U.S. waters .
NRDC studies have found its contamination is most common in drinking water across the Midwest and the southern United States .
The EPA currently monitors a sample of community water systems to determine if atrazine concentrations pose a risk to public health , but NRDC has called on the government to phase out the use of this chemical entirely .
Pathogens : Bacteria , viruses , and parasites that cause illness can find their way into water supplies that are inadequately treated to kill germs .
Fortunately , these pathogens are much better controlled today than they once were .
After a 1993 waterborne - disease outbreak in Milwaukee sickened more than 400,000 people , Olson says , “ NRDC really led the charge in changing the EPA ’s rules and safeguards . ”
But clearly much more remains to be done .
Chlorine treatment by - products : Chemicals used in drinking water ’s disinfection process , such as trihalomethanes and haloacetic acids , may cause cancer and reproductive problems if present in high quantities .
Arsenic :
The EPA estimated in 2000 that nearly 36 million Americans drank water containing arsenic at or above 3 parts per billion — the level NRDC had urged be established as a drinking water standard .
“ The EPA had delayed and delayed updating the arsenic standard that was originally issued in the 1960s , but we finally got them to relent and update the arsenic number based on modern science in the early 2000s , ” Olson says .
Since then , arsenic levels across the country have declined as a result , he adds , but the contaminant is still worth looking out for .
Nitrates :
Though nitrates occur naturally in plants and soil at low concentrations , they have become a widespread contaminant due in part to their use as fertilizer .
Runoff from factory farms flows into surface and ground water and ends up in our drinking water .
The EPA set a limit of 10 parts per million for nitrates , which can be harmful to pregnant women and infants .
In rare cases , exposed infants can develop blue baby syndrome , a potentially fatal illness that prevents the blood from carrying oxygen .
Radioactive contaminants :
Most radioactive elements found in drinking water occur naturally , but radioactive material from the production of nuclear weapons , energy , and medicines can also get into drinking supplies through leaks or improper waste storage .
Exposure can cause cancer or kidney failure .
Vinyl chloride :
Used to make PVC plastic products , such as some pipes , this cancer - causing contaminant can leach from older PVC piping and has been found in the drinking water of a small number of communities across the country .
Perchlorate :
This widespread toxic chemical , used in rocket fuel , explosives , and road flares , can interfere with thyroid hormone production .
Perchlorate has been detected in the water in at least 26 states , yet there is no federal standard for its presence in drinking water .
In 2011 , after more than a decade of pressure from environmental and health groups led by NRDC , the EPA announced that it would set such a standard — but it still has n’t even proposed a rule for the contaminant .
After NRDC filed a lawsuit against the EPA for its failure to act in the time frame allotted by the Safe Drinking Water Act , the agency committed in a consent decree in late 2016 to get a proposed perchlorate standard out in 2018 and a final standard by 2019 .
Pharmaceuticals : Prescription drugs enter our water supply when patients release traces in their urine or flat - out flush unused medication down the sink or toilet .
NRDC has petitioned the FDA to pay more attention to medicines making their way into the environment , and a 2010 NRDC report provided recommendations for reducing the flow of these drugs into our waters .
Frequently Asked Questions
My water system has violated federal drinking water standards .
What should I do ?
If you get your drinking water from a public system , start by checking the annual water quality report ( sometimes called a consumer confidence report ) published by your water supplier .
It ’s usually mailed once a year with your water bill and should also be available online .
The report summarizes which contaminants have been found in your drinking water and whether any of them have reached potentially dangerous levels .
Your supplier is also required to send out public notifications if any of these levels violate health and safety standards .
You may also visit the EPA ’s Safe Drinking Water Information System ( SDWIS ) search page to look up your water system ’s compliance history .
If you suspect you have lead pipes or fixtures , if you get your water from a private well , or if you notice a change in your water ’s taste , color , or clarity , Olson recommends having your water tested for contaminants .
Your water supplier may do free in - home testing , or you can ask a certified lab to test your water .
Call the Safe Drinking Water Hotline at 800-426-4791 to find a state - certified lab in your area .
You can also order a test for lead in your water from the nonprofit Healthy Babies Bright Futures , which lets you choose how much you can pay .
Then install an NSF - certified faucet filter or whole - house filter that is certified to remove the contaminants you ’re concerned about .
To find the right filter , check off the contaminants you ’re concerned about under “ Reduction Claims for Drinking Water Treatment Units ― Health Effects . ”
If your water system seems to be having frequent or serious violations , call your elected representatives or state drinking water program to demand action , or report the problem to the EPA ’s Safe Drinking Water Hotline ( 800-426-4791 ) .
My water was tested and it contains high lead levels .
What should I do ?
First and foremost , install filters that are NSF - certified to remove lead .
Then follow these tips :
If the water has n’t been used for several hours , run it for at least five minutes on cold before you consume it .
Use only cold water from taps for drinking and cooking , as warmer water is more likely to contain higher levels of lead ( and boiling water can actually increase lead levels ) .
Remove and rinse out the aerator , the little screen on the end of your faucet , every week or so .
I have contaminated water and a vulnerable immune system .
What should I do ?
For people whose immune systems have a lessened ability to defend against illness — such as pregnant women , the very young , the elderly , those on cancer chemotherapy , and those living with AIDS — the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends the following : Boil water for drinking , cooking , or making infant formula ( unless your water contains elevated levels of lead or arsenic ) ; or
Drink bottled water that has been treated by reverse osmosis , distillation , or filtration with an absolute 1 micron ( or smaller ) filter .
Should I just buy bottled water ?
Bottled water may be a useful short - term source of drinking water in emergencies , but it should n’t be a permanent solution because it is not necessarily cleaner or safer than tap water .
As mentioned above , if you do buy bottled , look for brands that have been treated with reverse osmosis , distillation , or filtration with an absolute 1 micron ( or smaller ) filter .
My water system is not listed as having violated any health - related drinking water standards .
Does that mean I 'm safe ?
For many systems — especially large systems that serve more than 100,000 people — you may be safe .
However , there are weaknesses in the rules themselves .
For example , many fairly common contaminants ( such as perchlorate , PFOA , and algal toxins ) are not federally regulated , so there would be no violation of EPA rules if they are found in your water .
Also , the rules about how often to monitor water may mean that spikes in contaminants between tests go undetected .
Additionally , local officials could try to avoid submitting health - based violations to the state or the EPA , might not report samples showing violations , or might not take samples in the first place .
For peace of mind , have your water tested .
Who can I talk to about my concerns regarding the quality of my drinking water ?
Runaround :
It was one of Gregory Powell 's favorite platitudes that nothing was to be gained from excitement , so when Mike Donovan came leaping down the stairs toward him , red hair matted with perspiration , Powell frowned .
Quotations
He alluded to human rights but did not get specific .
“ We will not agree on every issue , ” he said , “ and the United States will never waver in speaking up for the fundamental values that we hold dear  and that includes respect for the religion and cultures of all people . ”
White House officials have been working for months to make sure that Mr. Obama ’s three - day visit to Shanghai and Beijing conveys a conciliatory image .
For instance , in June , the White House told the Dalai Lama that while Mr. Obama would meet him at some point , he would not do so in October , when the Tibetan spiritual leader visited Washington , because it was too close to Mr. Obama ’s visit to China .
Greeting the Dalai Lama , whom China condemns as a separatist , weeks before Mr. Obama ’s first presidential trip to the country could alienate Beijing , administration officials said .
Every president since George H. W. Bush in 1991 has met the Dalai Lama when he visited Washington , usually in private encounters at the White House , although in 2007 George W. Bush became the first president to welcome him publicly , bestowing the Congressional Gold Medal on him at the Capitol .
Mr. Obama met the Dalai Lama as a senator .
Similarly , while he was campaigning for the presidency , Mr. Obama several times accused China of manipulating its currency , an allegation that the current Treasury secretary , Timothy F. Geithner , repeated during his confirmation hearings .
But in April , the Treasury Department retreated from that criticism , issuing a report that said China was not manipulating its currency to increase its exports .
While American officials said privately that they remained frustrated that China ’s currency policies lowered the cost of Chinese goods and made American products more expensive in foreign markets , they said that they were relieved that China was fighting the global recession with an enormous fiscal stimulus program to spur domestic growth , and added that now was not the time to antagonize Beijing .
China is not viewed as a trouble spot for the United States .
But this administration , like its predecessor , has had difficulty grappling with a rising power that seems eager to avoid direct clashes with the United States but affects its interests in many areas , including currency policy , nuclear proliferation , climate change and military spending .
In that regard , two members of Mr. Obama ’s foreign policy team said that the United States ’ interactions with the Chinese had been far too narrow in past years , focusing on counterterrorism and North Korea .
Too little was done , they said , to address China ’s energy and environmental policies , or its expansion of influence in Southeast Asia , South Asia and Africa , where China has invested heavily and used billions of dollars in aid to advance its political influence .
In the end , it took direct , explicit U.S. pressure to force the de facto government of Honduras to reverse the position it had stubbornly clung to for nearly four months and agree to a deal that could reinstate deposed President Manuel Zelaya .
The agreement does not automatically put Zelaya back in office , and given the erratic and sometimes contradictory behavior of the principal players in the Honduran drama , no outcome is certain .
But both sides applauded the deal Friday and said it signaled a possible end to the crisis that has isolated and divided the impoverished Central American country since a military - backed coup ousted Zelaya on June 28 .
Zelaya , a timber tycoon whose turn to the political left alienated Honduras ’ ultra - conservative elite , was ousted after ignoring a court order to stop efforts to revise the Honduran Constitution .
His critics contended that he was attempting to extend his time in power , a charge he has denied .
Advertisement
The military grabbed him from his home at dawn and deported him to Costa Rica .
He sneaked back into the country Sept. 21 and took refuge in the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa , where he has remained , the compound surrounded by Honduran troops .
Zelaya ’s removal from office has been viewed worldwide as one of the most serious challenges to face Latin America in a decade .
The coup was both a throwback to the region ’s dark past of civil war and military takeover and emblematic of a struggle underway today in Central and South America , where several leftist leaders with authoritarian tendencies have risen to power through elections and tested the bounds of democracy .
The de facto government saw the agreement as the only way to ensure international recognition of elections scheduled for one month from now , officials said .
Leaders around the globe also voiced approval .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton praised the “ historic agreement ” and said she was “ very proud ” that the U.S. was “ instrumental in the process . ”
Advertisement
Under the agreement , the Honduran Congress , following a “ consultation ” with the Supreme Court , will vote on whether Zelaya should be reinstated , which would allow him to serve out the rest of his term , which ends in January .
The court and Congress previously endorsed the coup .
Still , Zelaya expressed confidence Friday that Congress would vote in his favor , and his supporters poured into the streets in celebration .
Roberto Micheletti , the de facto president who replaced Zelaya , is making the opposite calculation and believes the Congress will decide against letting Zelaya return to office , said people close to Micheletti .
He told a television interviewer Friday that “ it is not a certainty ” that Zelaya will be reinstated .
Pressure to end the crisis has mounted in recent weeks from several sources , including the powerful Honduran business elite , which backed the coup but has been losing millions of dollars because of sanctions and interrupted trade .
Politicians involved in the elections scheduled for Nov. 29 also have been pushing for a resolution , and the Honduran people have grown weary of months of sometimes violent instability and repression of many civil rights .
Advertisement
Washington and most of the hemisphere ’s capitals had warned the de facto government that they would not recognize the results of the upcoming elections if the crisis continued to fester .
That was the message that Thomas Shannon , U.S. assistant secretary of State , drove home to the Hondurans during a two - day mission that ended late Thursday with the two sides reaching agreement .
Shannon told reporters that he had emphasized that time was running out , and that the two sides had realized “ there was no more space to dither . ”
“ Both have indicated that they will abide by it , and I believe them , ” he told reporters .
“ This is a political issue that ’s going to be resolved politically . ”
Members of Micheletti’s team confirmed that it was the threat to the legitimacy of the elections that ultimately persuaded the de facto leader to agree .
Advertisement
“ We thought that sooner or later , everyone would have to recognize the elections , even without the return of Zelaya , but we realized it was going to be a very painful , costly process , ” Martha Alvarado , deputy foreign minister and frequent spokesperson for the de facto government , said in a telephone interview from the capital , Tegucigalpa .
“ There is no more bitter song than the nonrecognition of elections , ” she said , “ and that was enough to really worry us . ”
Victor Meza , who was Zelaya ’s interior minister and led the team negotiating on his behalf , said the last - minute U.S. intervention was crucial .
“ The arrival of Mr. Shannon was key , ” he said .
“ It made everyone return to the negotiating table .
It reopened the dialogue . ”
Advertisement
The Americans were capitalizing on efforts already made by President Oscar Arias of Costa Rica , a Nobel Peace Prize laureate , and the Organization of American States .
Arias and the OAS had laid the groundwork for a deal , but the main sticking point -- Zelaya ’s reinstatement -- seemed insurmountable as the de facto government consistently balked .
Months of off - and - on talks , ultimatums and near - deals seemed to only deepen the polarization that was pushing the country toward an ever more violent denouement .
The Obama administration has been criticized in some quarters for failing to act more forcefully sooner .
The administration cut some aid and yanked the visas of senior pro-coup leaders and businessmen , but at the same time said it was reluctant to appear overly “ interventionist ” in a region with a long history of U.S. meddling .
“ They wanted the Latin Americans to resolve it , and there was a deliberate sense that we wanted to be multilateral players , ” said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter - American Dialogue , a U.S. think tank .
“ The big lesson for the Obama administration is that multilateralism is n’t letting the other guy do it but working with them constantly and on an engaged basis . ”
Advertisement
In addition , the administration ’s senior leadership for Latin America is awaiting congressional approval , which has left periods when no one was in charge of policy on Honduras .
At stake were the integrity of democracy in a region that only in recent decades emerged from civil wars and military rule and the well - being of some of Latin America ’s poorest citizens .
There have been numerous allegations of abuses by the de facto government , including arbitrary detentions and the use of excessive force by troops .
It ’s unclear how many people have been killed .
Talks were going nowhere last week , prompting Clinton to get on the phone to both Micheletti and Zelaya to insist in what was described as blunt language that they close the gap preventing an agreement .
She then dispatched Shannon to Tegucigalpa , along with his deputy , Craig Kelly , and Dan Restrepo , the White House ’s special assistant for Western Hemisphere affairs .
Among the coup backers , there were concerns over the elections and a growing realization that their scattering of allies in the U.S. Congress were n’t winning the battle for administration support , said State Department and U.S. congressional officials .
The sanctions were starting to hurt , these officials said , and were being felt especially by big business .
Another round of visa revocations , this time targeting families of de facto government officials , was also being threatened , a senior State Department official said .
Advertisement
In his meetings , Shannon emphasized that with just one month to go before the election , this was the Hondurans ’ last chance , participants said .
“ An agreement is the way out , ” Shannon told the Hondurans , according to a senior Obama administration official .
“ If you do n’t take it now , do n’t come back to us later looking for help . ”
--
wilkinson@latimes.com
Advertisement
paul.richter@latimes.com
Special correspondent Alex Renderos in San Salvador contributed to this report .
You say ooh evolution ... blah blah , but have you ever actually considered what you are saying is impossible
Evolution you say takes hundreds of years for monkeys to change into people
Well the Earth has only been here for thousands of years so there has n't been time for monkeys to change into humans , cats , zebras or anything else for that matter
If Darwin was right and people in his day were changing into monkeys , it must mean that monkeys built many of our oldest beings like Stone Henge and the pyramids
Has Google started following us around ?
It 's new Google Social Search feature , going live today , sure feels like it .
And hints at what Google can do both for and to you with all the information it has collected .
Google 's newest experimental project is called " Social Search " and it grabs relevant public content from your friends ' and contacts ' blog posts , Tweets , and social networking pages .
The results are highlighted for you at the bottom of your search results , " the company said in a blog post .
" When I do a simple query for [ new york ] , Google Social Search includes my friend 's blog on the results page under the heading ' Results from people in your social circle for New York . '
I can also filter my results to see only content from my social circle by clicking ' Show options ' on the results page and clicking ' Social , ' " wrote Googlers Maureen Heymans and Murali Viswanathan .
In order to participate in the experiment , Google users must first sign - up .
They must also have a public Google profile , which provides information used to figure out who is in your social circle .
( Tony Bradley does a great job of describing the sign - up and user experience , so I wo n't repeat that here ) .
To assuage privacy concerns , Google points out that it is only displaying information already publicly posted on the Internet but that may be hard to find .
Like many , I have been giving Google lots of information about me : E- mail addresses , Web sites , a contact list , Google voice calls , search results , the content of my Web sites and blogs , credit card numbers , Google docs , and other things I probably do n't even know about .
Because I do n't use Gmail , they do n't see all my messages -- at least I do n't think they do .
But , just looking at the stories I read in Gnews everyday would tell you a whole lot about me .
My issue is not that Google knows this about me but what they do with it .
Nobody has caught Google doing evil things with people 's personal data and I am not accusing .
But , imagine what a President might ask Google to do in the wake of another 9/11 - style terrorist attack ?
And how the company might respond .
Consider how big telecom companies did respond after 9/11 , providing telephone records and supporting authorized wiretaps .
If a President asked -- and remember Barack Obama and Google 's Eric Schmidt are close -- would Google provide information it has about suspects ?
Use its data and profiling capability to find more suspects ?
If it did , how long would it be before we knew ?
And where , exactly , is the line between patriotism and invasion of privacy ?
I am not a conspiracy theorist , birther , truther , or anything like that .
But , online companies have already been criticized for cozying up with the " butchers of Beijing . "
What might Adolf Hitler have done with all the information Google has available and the ability to massage it to say , identify not only Jews but also Jewish sympathizers ?
How much information would you want the Iranian or North Korean governments to have ?
I am not accusing Google of doing anything illegal or even fattening .
But , the company is gathering huge amounts of information about every user and has the ability , inclination , and economic incentives to turn it into minutely detailed profiles of what who we are , what we do , and how we think .
Google is n't alone in this , just looking at my Facebook and Twitter posts would tell you a lot about me .
Still , Google is in a class of its own and I am concerned that current law and practice does n't provide enough protection for either privacy or individual liberty .
By giving us " free stuff " like e-mail , voice mail , search results , applications , collaboration , analytics , etc. , Google knows more about us than we may easily be able to remember about ourselves .
And Google never forgets .
Today , that 's not a problem ( that we know of ) .
Tomorrow , we may come to wish we 'd stopped Google in its tracks and placed limits on its ability to aggregate personal information .
Social search is just an example of the good things Google can do .
We can only imagine the bad stuff .
David Coursey tweets as @techinciter and can be contacted via his Web page .
Traffic Ticket Defense Attorney - Traffic Citation Lawyer
DUI - DWI - Speeding - Reckless Driving - Trucking Violations
If you receive a traffic ticket , you risk losing your drivers license , paying high fines , and steep increases in your insurance premiums .
In some extreme cases , you even run the risk of jail time .
Based in Northern California Bay Area , the traffic violations lawyer at the Leon J. Mezzetti , Jr. , P.C. has over 30 years of experience assisting clients who are charged with a traffic offense .
As a former Deputy District Attorney with over 30 years of experience as a criminal defense lawyer , Leon J. Mezzetti , Jr. , is well known within the California court system .
He regularly helps people with traffic citations , such as DUI ( including DMV hearings ) , moving violations , and trucking citations .
Skilled California Traffic Violation Lawyer
Traffic Violations : Leon Mezzetti works hard to reduce punishment for his clients facing traffic violations charges .
For the most part , Mr. Mezzetti helps people facing major traffic violations that could result in a loss of freedom or a loss of a drivers license .
Such charges include :
DUI
Reckless driving
Speeding over 100 mph
Speed contests and exhibition of speed
Running red lights
Other traffic infractions and misdemeanors
Trucking Violations : Unfortunately , due to the number of hours on the road , truck drivers receive many traffic citations for trucking and moving violations .
Often , it is not the fines that are the problem as much as the threat of losing a commercial license , and thus a source of livelihood .
Attorney Leon J. Mezzetti , Jr. , has helped hundreds of truck drivers and trucking companies work through such violations as :
Log book violations
Scale violations and overweight violations
Equipment violations
Speeding
Other infractions and misdemeanors
Leon J. Mezzetti , Jr. , also has extensive experience with cases involving the Nimitz / 880 and 680 / Mission Grade Inspection Facilities .
For a free confidential consultation , and for further information regarding how an ex-prosecutor and California traffic violation lawyer can put more than 30 years of traffic and trucking violation defense experience to work for you , please e-mail us , call us at 877-791-1836 or 510-791-1836 , or visit us .
Experience really does matter : do n't trust your freedom to an inexperienced criminal defense lawyer .
Former Alameda County Prosecutor and Criminal Defense Lawyer with 30 Years of Criminal Law Experience
For further reading : Traffic & Ticket Basics , California Courts
Forbes had layoffs this morning according to a source at the company , and more cuts will be coming later this week .
It 's not clear where the cuts will come -- from the business side or the editorial side .
Reading the memo sent by Steve Forbes to the staff , it appears the cuts will fall more on the business side of operations .
On the editorial side , we will maintain the essential strengths of Forbes while also deepening our relationships with our community .
On the advertising side , we are making shifts to fully meet marketers ' evolving needs .
These current difficulties are a more intense version of what we underwent eight years ago , particularly after 9/11 .
Then , print advertising plummeted , and our Web efforts , like those of other publishers , were in the red .
Business magazines have been taking a beating so far this year .
First , Portfolio died , then BusinessWeek was sold for just $ 5 million in cash .
A few weeks later , Fortune announced a plan to go from 25 issues a year to 18 .
And now , this .
Here 's the memo from the man at the top :
From : " Forbes , Steve " Date : Mon , 26 Oct 2009 15:31:09
Subject : All Hands from Steve Forbes
We -- and the entire media world -- have been hit hard by both the severe recession and the seismic shifts wrought by the Web .
Given these dramatic events , further layoffs , unfortunately , are necessary across the entire organization .
We are grateful to our colleagues and friends for the enormous contributions they have made to Forbes over the years .
We thank them for all they have done and are deeply saddened by this course of events .
While these are acutely challenging times , Forbes Media is making the strategic and organizational changes that will enable us not only to weather these storms , but ultimately to emerge as a stronger company , well - positioned to expand and prosper in the years ahead .
Media is profoundly being transformed .
The traditional ways we created and disseminated content and generated advertising revenue must rapidly evolve .
Innovation is critical .
On the editorial side , we will maintain the essential strengths of Forbes while also deepening our relationships with our community .
On the advertising side , we are making shifts to fully meet marketers ' evolving needs .
These current difficulties are a more intense version of what we underwent eight years ago , particularly after 9/11 .
Then , print advertising plummeted , and our Web efforts , like those of other publishers , were in the red .
Competitors effectively put their Web efforts in the deep freeze while we continued to invest in ours .
That is why Forbes.com and its affiliates today are light years ahead of virtually all other media companies .
Today we are facing and adapting to even more severe economic pressures .
But , as we did in the early part of this decade , so , too , we are doing today -- Forbes Media is laying the foundations for a strong , exciting future .
The power of the Forbes brand is enabling us to make these strategic moves that will redefine the traditional scope of this company in fundamental ways .
Sadly , right now we must navigate through these turbulent times , and we remain thankful for all you do every day at Forbes .
MAZAR-I-SHARIF , Afghanistan 
The mullahs stared silently at the screen .
They shifted in their chairs and fiddled with pencils .
Koranic verses flashed above them , but the topic was something that made everybody a little uncomfortable .
“ A baby should be breast - fed for at least 21 months , ” said the instructor .
“ Milk is safe inside the breast .
Dust and germs ca n’t get inside . ”
It was a seminar on birth control , a likely subject for a nation whose fertility rate of 6 children per woman is the highest in Asia .
But the audience was unusual : 10 Islamic religious leaders from this city and its suburbs , wearing turbans and sipping tea .
The message was simple .
Babies are good , but not too many ; wait two years before having another to give your wife ’s body a chance to recover .
Nothing in Islam expressly forbids birth control .
But it does emphasize procreation , and mullahs , like leaders of other faiths , consider children to be blessings from God , and are usually the most determined opponents of having fewer of them .
( CNN ) --
A woman hospitalized after spending time in a sauna - like " sweatbox " has died , bringing the total fatalities to three , authorities said late Saturday .
Retreat participants spent up to two hours inside the sweatbox , the sheriff 's office said .
In addition to the deaths , 18 others were injured at the October 8 event at Angel Valley Retreat Center near Sedona , Arizona .
The latest victim , Lizabeth Neuman , 49 , was a Minnesota mother of three .
She died at the Flagstaff Medical Center , the Yavapai County Sheriff 's Office said .
There were up to 65 visitors , ages 30 to 60 , at the resort attending the " Spiritual Warrior " program by self - help expert James Arthur Ray , according to authorities .
Participants spent up to two hours inside the sweatbox , a dome - like structure covered with tarps and blankets , the sheriff 's office said .
Hot rocks and water are used to create steam in the enclosed environment .
Neuman 's attorney , Lou Diesel , told CNN her family is cooperating with the investigation and once it 's complete , he will " take all the appropriate actions in response to those responsible for Liz 's death . "
Fire and rescue officials received an emergency call from the resort and transported the injured by air and land ambulances to nearby medical facilities , the sheriff 's office said .
Two people were pronounced dead shortly after arrival at a local medical center .
A homicide investigation into the incident is under way , authorities said .
The other retreat participants who were hospitalized have since been released .
Ray is widely known for programs that claim to teach individuals how to create wealth from all aspects of their lives -- financially , mentally , physically and spiritually .
He has appeared on various national programs , including CNN's " Larry King Live . "
CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .
All About Arizona
Top U.S. scientist arrested after attempting to sell satellite secrets to Israel
A top U.S. scientist has been arrested for attempting to sell secrets to Israel .
Stewart Nozette has worked on projects for the White House and the U.S. Defence Department and was involved in cutting - edge Moon exploration .
The scientist was caught in a sting operation when an FBI agent posed as a member Israel 's Mossad spy agency .
Israel had no knowledge or involvement in the operation , a spokesman for the Justice Department said .
Jailed : Stewart Nozette narrowly escaped the death penalty after admitting trying to sell U.S. secrets to Israeli spies
Nozette was arrested at his home in Chevy Chase , Maryland , and could make his first court appearance later today .
The affidavit by FBI agent Leslie Martell said that on September 3 , Nozette received a telephone call from an individual purporting to be an Israeli intelligence officer , but who was actually an undercover FBI agent .
He agreed to meet with the agent later that day at a hotel in Washington and in the subsequent meeting the two discussed Nozette 's willingness to work for Israeli intelligence , court papers say .
Nozette allegedly informed the agent that he had , in the past , held top security clearances and had access to U.S. satellite information .
The scientist also allegedly said that he would be willing to answer questions about this information in exchange for money .
The agent explained that the Israeli intelligence agency , Mossad , would arrange for a communication system so Nozette could pass on information in a post office box .
Nozette agreed to provide regular , continuing information and asked for an Israeli passport , the affidavit alleged .
Respected : Nozette ( second right ) at a press briefing at the Pentagon about the discovery of water on the moon in 1996
According to the court papers , Nozette and the undercover agent met soon afterward in the same hotel , where the scientist allegedly said that while he no longer had legal access to any classified information at a U.S. government facility , he could recall classified information from memory .
Nozette allegedly told the agent : ' Well , I should tell you my first need is that they should figure out how to pay me ... they do n't expect me to do this for free . '
About a week later , FBI agents left a letter in the designated post office box , asking Nozette to answer a list of questions about U.S. satellite information .
The agents provided a $ 2,000 cash payment .
Nozette was later captured on videotape leaving a manila envelope in the post office box .
The next day , agents retrieved the sealed envelope and found , among other things , a one - page document containing answers to the questions and an encrypted computer thumb drive .
One answer contained information classified as secret , which concerned capabilities of a prototype overhead collection system .
Nozette allegedly offered to reveal additional classified information that directly concerned nuclear weaponry , military spacecraft or satellites , and other major weapons systems .
Agents then asked for more information , and again he allegedly provided it , in exchange for a cash payment of $ 9,000 .
Nozette is credited with helping discover evidence of water on the moon
From 1998 to 2008 , the complaint alleges , Nozette was a technical adviser for a consultant company that was wholly owned by the Israeli government .
Nozette was paid about $ 225,000 over that period , the court papers say .
Then , in January of this year , Nozette allegedly travelled to another foreign country with two computer thumb drives and apparently did not return with them .
Prosecutors also quote an unnamed colleague of Nozette who said the scientist said that if the U.S. government ever tried to put him in jail for an unrelated criminal offence , he would go to Israel or another foreign country and ' tell them everything ' he knows .
Over the course of his career , Nozette performed some of his research at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory in Washington , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency in Arlington , Virginia , and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland .
His arrest comes just days after Adlene Hicheur , a scientist who worked at the CERN nuclear research laboratory , admitted pinpointing targets for Al Qaeda , likely to have included Britain and France .
Nozette worked in various roles for the Energy Department and NASA .
In 1989 and 1990 , he worked for the White House 's National Space Council .
He developed the Clementine bi-static radar experiment that is credited with discovering water on the south pole of the moon .
He also worked at the Energy Department 's Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , where he designed highly advanced technology , from approximately 1990 to 1999 .
At Energy , Nozette held a special security clearance equivalent to the Defence Department 's top secret and ' critical nuclear weapon design information ' clearances .
DOE clearances apply to access to information specifically relating to atomic or nuclear - related materials .
Nozette also held top offices at the Alliance for Competitive Technology , a nonprofit corporation that he organised .
Between January 2000 and February 2006 , Nozette , through his company , had several agreements to develop advanced technology for the US government .
Infowars
October 6 , 2009
An Infowars reader sent along this photo and commented : “ This billboard has just been put up .
It ’s on I - 70 in Blue Springs Mo between Adams Dairy Parkway and the Grain Valley exit .
It ’s readable to the east bound traffic .
No person or group is listed .
These things cost thousands of dollars to put up .
God bless those with the money and courage to do something .
We are not alone . ”
Editor ’s note :
The communist hammer and sickle is not really appropriate .
Instead , it should be a logo for Goldman Sachs or maybe the Rothschild Coat of Arms .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
David Brownings , a talented illustrator based in Bristol , has designed a series of creative Nike sneakers made out of paper .
Enjoy !
Also check out : Nike Box for Flexible Shoes
Color me shocked .
Democrats in major cities rapidly turned the radical slogan of “ defund the police ” into actual p… https://t.co/tEclqfDTl4
CAMBRIDGE , Mass ---
Light readily bounces off obstacles in its path .
Some of these reflections are captured by our eyes , thus participating in the visual perception of the objects around us .
In contrast to this usual behavior of light , MIT researchers have implemented for the first time a one - way structure in which microwave light flows losslessly around obstacles or defects .
This concept , when used in lightwave circuits , might one day reduce their internal connections to simple one - way conduits with much improved capacity and efficiency .
The laws of nature that govern the world around us allow for the propagation of light in both directions .
If a light beam is observed propagating in a particular direction , one can also shine a light beam to propagate in the opposite ( backward ) direction .
" The very fact that reflected beams are allowed to exist , combined with the fact that light at least partially reflects from most objects it encounters , makes optical reflections ubiquitous in nature , " said MIT physics Professor Marin Soljačić , the senior author of the study .
In a dramatic departure from this common phenomenon , a team made up of MIT physicists Dr. Zheng Wang , Dr. Yidong Chong , Prof. John Joannopoulos , and Prof. Marin Soljačić have implemented and experimentally tested so - called topological photonic crystals that completely prohibit the existence of any lightwave back - reflections .
The results , published in the 8th October 2009 edition of Nature , show the first experimental observation of the fascinating new phenomena and capabilities associated with microwave light propagating in this uniquely designed waveguide ( a tunnel or " road " for guiding light ) .
Through the application of an external magnetic field , this specially designed waveguide induces unusual restrictions to the propagation of the light inside it .
" We have now found a way to make light travel without bouncing back , by shining it through an array of small ceramic rods placed in a strong magnetic field , " said Dr Zheng Wang , a lead author of the paper .
For example , instead of light being able to travel to the right or to the left along this waveguide ( as is traditionally expected ) , a magnetic field pointing upwards will allow light propagation only to the right , while a magnetic field pointing downwards allows for propagation of the light only to the left .
" Once a particular forward direction of the light travel is chosen , no backward travel is permitted , " said Dr. Yidong Chong , also a lead author of the paper .
Therefore , light can never bounce back or reflect .
Rather , it effortlessly routes around any obstacles and defects in its path without incurring any dissipation .
" Loosely speaking the waveguide acts as a perfect cloak of the defect or obstacle in the path of the light " said Professor Joannopoulos , " the only difference is a phase shift of the guided light . "
While the focus of the present work is in the microwave regime , in conventional optics , light reflections present a major roadblock to light - driven circuits reaching the same level of sophistication as widely used microelectronic circuits .
A variety of practical applications , such as optical isolation and optical information storage , could potentially benefit from the novel and unparalleled one - way photonic behavior observed by the MIT team .
Numerous applications that require strong interactions between light and matter could also gain from such an efficiency boost .
###
This work was funded by the Army Research Office ( Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies ) , and the National Science Foundation ( MRSEC program ) .
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The world can still agree a deal in December to curb greenhouse gas emissions and prepare for a warmer world , co-chairs of a meeting of major polluters in London -- Britain and the United States -- said on Sunday .
A small house can be seen in front of a coal - burning power station located on the outskirts of Beijing August 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / David Gray
Skeptics argue a U.N. December deadline is now too tight as negotiators have so far failed to agree targets to cut greenhouse gas emissions and funds to help developing countries prepare for more extreme weather and rising seas .
But Britain and the United States pointed to moves from both developed and developing countries including India , Indonesia , Japan and China .
“ You can look at that and conclude , as I do , there ’s a deal to be had , ” said Washington ’s top climate envoy Todd Stern , at the start of the October 18 - 19 talks among major polluters .
“ I think a deal is quite possible .
There are difficulties , but on the other hand not that many elements to put together a basic deal , ” he said , adding he was still aiming for December .
The London meeting is the latest in a series of U.S. - initiated “ major economies forum ” ( MEF ) sessions , meant to support U.N. talks to agree a new pact to extend or replace the existing Kyoto Protocol at a December 7 - 18 meeting in Copenhagen .
Among proposed action , last month Indonesia said it would cut greenhouse gases by a quarter compared with current trends by 2020 .
Chinese premier Hu Jintao said Beijing would curb carbon emissions growth .
Japan ’s new government committed to a far more ambitious climate target than the previous administration .
“ There are good straws in the wind , ” British energy and climate secretary Ed Miliband told the BBC on Sunday .
But Miliband also pointed to the two biggest obstacles to a deal -- agreeing targets to cut greenhouse gas emissions by rich nations by 2020 , and funds to help developing countries .
“ There are also some big obstacles that have to be overcome .
We need a ( emissions target ) number from the United States . ”
“ NO MYSTERY ”
Co-chair of the London meeting , Stern told reporters the U.S. 2020 emissions target was “ pretty clear , ” and added a deal would “ undoubtedly ” include numbers on climate finance for developing countries .
But he could not confirm that the United States would offer concrete numbers for either in Copenhagen .
Under a domestic legislative process , the U.S. House of Representatives had approved a 2020 target to curb U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by 17 percent compared with 2005 levels , and the Senate was considering 20 percent , he said .
U.S. President Barack Obama had previously supported 14 percent , said Stern , who acknowledged his country had to wait for Congress to establish a firm position .
“ The range we ’re talking about is pretty clear but I ’m not going to speculate , I am hopeful that things move pretty far down the track , we ’ll just have to see where we are when December comes around .
It is n’t a huge big mystery , the number . ”
Analysts doubt Obama will sign a domestic bill by December .
The U.S. offer on climate finance was also “ wrapped up ” in the domestic climate bill process , Stern said .
Indian environment minister Jairam Ramesh told Reuters on Friday a deal may miss the December deadline by several months .
The chair of a U.N. panel of climate scientists , Rajendra Pachauri , said last week the world had the option of meeting again in mid-2010 .
November 23 , 2009
Alan Maass analyzes a government report underlining the grim fact that poverty and hunger stalk the poor and working poor in America at shockingly high levels .
THE NUMBER of Americans vulnerable to hunger grew sharply in 2008 to nearly 50 million -- or about one in every six men , women and children in the U.S .
The Agriculture Department 's official figures show that the number of people suffering " food insecurity " last year jumped by more than one - third in just 12 months , reaching the highest level since the government began reporting this statistic a decade and a half ago .
About one - third of the 49 million people threatened with hunger were part of households that had what researchers call " very low food security " -- meaning that one or more members of the household skipped meals , ate reduced portions or otherwise did n't get enough to eat at some point in the year .
The rest of those counted as " food insecure " typically ate enough , according to the report , but only by relying on cheaper or less nutritious foods , and by getting help from government programs like food stamps or from soup kitchens or food pantries .
Some of the report 's details paint an even grimmer picture .
For example , the number of households where children faced " very low food security " climbed faster than other categories -- reaching more than half a million , an increase of nearly 60 percent over the year before .
Waiting for help outside a Salvation Army food bank ( Zuma )
All told , almost one in four children live with the threat of hunger .
Among the over 10 million households headed by a single mother , more than one in three reported some form of food insecurity .
And these statistics are from 2008 - - before the worst months of job losses and unemployment hit earlier this year .
" [ T ] he escalating unemployment rate and the number of working poor lead us to believe that the number of people facing hunger will continue to rise significantly over the coming year , " said Vickie Escarra , president of Feeding America , which runs a network of 200 food banks around the country .
ESCARRA AND others dealing with the consequences of hunger in 21st - century America describe a situation that confirms a trend underway for at least a decade -- that " food insecurity " in the U.S. is n't confined to the poorest of the poor , as it is often portrayed .
So , for example , a separate federal study from the Agriculture Department 's annual report found that even before the recession began , " more than two - thirds of families with children who were defined as ' food insecure ' under federal guidelines contained one or more full - time workers , " the New York Times wrote in an editorial .
" This suggests that millions of Americans were trapped in low - wage jobs before the downturn that made it more difficult for them to provide children with adequate nutrition . "
Likewise , some 40 percent of U.S. families who receive government food stamps have " earned income , " up from 25 percent two years ago , according to the Financial Times .
Agriculture Department officials attribute this to the wage and hour cuts hammering even workers who still have jobs -- the average workweek has fallen to 33 hours , the lowest on record , and a record 8.8 million people have to work part - time because they can't find full - time work , according to the Labor Department .
" It seems like a dire warning ... that even the jobs people are retaining in this recession are n't at the wage level and hours level that they need to provide for their families , " Heidi Shierholz , an economist at the Economic Policy Institute , told the Financial Times .
One obvious sign of the recession - driven increase in " food insecurity " is the record number of people participating in the government food stamp program - - 36 million people in the U.S. now get food stamps , a rise of nearly 40 percent in just two years .
The economic stimulus law passed by Congress in early 2009 increased average food stamp benefits by 17 percent , but the monthly amount works out to only $ 133 a person - - a meager sum compared to what the government is capable of delivering .
And the food stamp program does n't even reach all those in need of help , thanks to government restrictions .
In some states , for example , regulations bar households with more than $ 2,000 in the bank from receiving food stamps -- so many newly unemployed workers are forced to make do without government aid .
Many turn to food banks or food pantries , where requests for help have surged 30 percent in just the last year .
Feeding America 's Escarrra says her network of food banks served 25 million people , the majority of whom did n't receive food stamps .
Shamia Holloway , communications manager at the Capital Area Food Bank that supplies agencies in the Washington , D.C. , area , told the Financial Times : " People who used to donate to the food bank are now coming to the food bank .
So imagine the shame - - a lot of these people came from good jobs . "
THE TERM " food insecurity " is the government 's strange euphemism for hunger .
The measure was used by food advocacy organizations during the Reagan administration to challenge the Republican White House 's campaign to deny that malnutrition was a problem in America .
The Agriculture Department adopted the measure in the 1990s and has kept track of " food insecurity " since -- though the Bush administration tried again to get rid of federal surveys in the 2000s .
Not surprisingly , the right is still at it -- conservatives responded to the Agriculture Department report this year not with concern , but with critiques of government researchers ' methods and definitions .
" Very few of these people are hungry , " sniffed Robert Rector , an analyst at the Heritage Foundation .
" When they lose jobs , they constrain the kind of food they buy .
That is regrettable , but it 's a far cry from a hunger crisis . "
The Washington Post 's Charles Lane lectured , " This recession and its attendant hardships are very real , and we must address them .
But there 's no need to exaggerate . "
Both Rector and Lane , of course , make a comfortable living -- and are unlikely to have to worry about " constraining the kind of food they buy . "
James Weill , director of the Food Research and Action Center in Washington , said the food insecurity statistics ought to be a wake - up call .
" Many people are outright hungry , skipping meals , " Weill said .
" Others say they have enough to eat but only because they 're going to food pantries or using food stamps . "
Beyond the immediate food emergency , the government 's report underlines a long - term reality that " experts " like Rector and Lane prefer to obscure -- that poverty and hunger stalk the poor and working poor , year in and year out , at shockingly high levels for the richest country in the world .
A study published in the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine that examined 29 years of government data concluded that fully half of U.S. children during the past three decades received food stamps at some point in their childhood .
According to the report , nine out of 10 African American children qualified for food stamps .
Hunger is only one part of the scramble to get by in 21st - century America - - a country where , despite the vast wealth and power of a small group at the top , the rest of us face a better than even chance we will spend at least one of our years between the ages of 25 and 75 below the poverty line .
That 's not an " exaggeration , " that 's a fact -- and it 's further evidence of how badly we need a working - class movement to turn the priorities of this society right - side up .
With increasing demand for a PHP based web application framework , CakePHP has won the heart of millions of people worldwide because of its rich functionalities .
This honorable framework comes with a comprehensive range of features that make it easy for businesses to manage their website effortlessly .
Our highly talented and dedicated team of CakePHP developers is well - versed with CakePHP and its resources that make them able to deliver advanced quality solutions for your business .
We are known for maintaining the best CakePHP development standards and capable to handled simple to complex projects without any hassle .
Using this framework for developing your business web application is the best decision due to many reasons like :
Education undeniably changes us .
Learning new things completely alters our perception of life and the world around us .
But formal academic training is a touchy subject for some people .
Going to school to learn a discipline is still not an option for everyone .
As someone who has worked in the graphic design field for quite some time without an advanced degree , I understand that self - education is not to be underestimated .
But just how far can this type of training get you in life before you reach an impasse ?
This is one of the big questions in the world of graphic design : is design school worth the time , money and effort ?
Does it pay off ?
We have all heard tales of such self - taught design heroes as David Carson , who single - handedly ushered in a new era of digital design .
He did n’t go to design school .
He had a gift and was disciplined enough to refine it .
But is Carson ’s extraordinary story relevant to us ?
Is there even an answer to the question of whether design school is actually worth it ?
Why Go to School ?
We have to consider this question in the right context .
Not all graphic designers want to pursue the same career path .
In today ’s market especially , art and design are such diverse fields that colleges are finding it more and more difficult to keep their curricula up with the changes .
When I was going to school , my program focused mainly on print and had only two classes on web design .
Now , only a few years later , almost all of the jobs I am offered are web - related .
Designers not only are expected to be aware of design principles and how to apply them to physical forms , but are also often expected to have detailed knowledge of many other subjects , including :
Coding
HTML
CSS
PHP
RSS feeds
The acronyms are enough to make your head spin .
Many top design schools still do not cover even the basics of these modern aspects of design .
For example , Yale ’s graphic design program does not have a single class covering web design .
This makes sense if design is studied as theory .
Design principles are somewhat universal .
However , it means that students have to obtain further education in their field of choice .
Degrees Help
I recently spoke to a colleague of mine who graduated from the graphic design program at Yale .
I asked him where he learned his Flash , Dreamweaver and PHP skills , which are the cornerstone of his business and account for most of his income .
He told me that he got all of his knowledge of web design from free online tutorials .
Hearing this , I asked whether he regretted spending so much money on his education at Yale .
He quickly responded that the contacts and portfolio that he built at Yale led directly to his success in business .
He did admit when pressed , though , that he considers his MFA unnecessary for the actual work that he does .
Degrees Don’t Matter
Yale or Parsons or SCAD or NYU may be one person ’s foot in the door to design success , but what about those of us who do n’t have the opportunity to attend such prestigious institutions .
Is our design career toast ?
Let ’s look at another example .
A few years ago , I met Andrea Campbell , now Art Director of Orange Element in Baltimore .
She told me that when she considers someone for a position , she bases her decision on the interview and the applicant ’s portfolio , and that ’s it .
If the position is an upper - level one , she also makes sure the applicant has some experience under their belt .
But degrees do n’t matter .
Those words , “ degrees do n’t matter ” are now stuck in my mind .
Here are some key points to remember :
Emphasize your portfolio .
It is the key to your success .
.
It is the key to your success .
If you are interested in a position , ask someone at the agency if you can send your work over .
If they like what they see , you might just get an interview , even if you have n’t gone to Yale .
.
If they like what they see , you might just get an interview , even if you have n’t gone to Yale .
The most important thing is to know what you ’re doing .
If your portfolio looks good and you can talk design , you will be considered for the position .
Gaining an Edge
Getting your foot in the door is not the only battle , though .
The job market is tough , and the graphic design field is extremely competitive .
According to Linda Katz , an employment specialist , the key to gaining traction in the job market is to have an edge .
For graphic designers , that edge could be different things , but the main challenge is to show the employer why you are the best person to fill that position .
The simple truth is that , in some situations , a college degree is an edge .
Another fact to remember , especially if you ’re a freelancer , is that teaching is one of the best side occupations .
Teaching pays well , and some colleges even offer benefits to their long - term adjunct faculty .
Freelancers often need this , but a degree is almost always required for these teaching positions .
No School ?
But let ’s say design school is not an option for you .
Perhaps your situation does n’t allow it .
Perhaps you ’ve already gone to school for something else and do n’t want to go back .
Or perhaps college just is n’t your thing .
Whatever the reason , fear not .
Many successful graphic designers are self - taught .
In fact , skipping design school has some definite advantages .
You learn how to educate yourself ; you avoid a big debt ; and you can take advantage of market segments that are not over - saturated .
I know of several designers who , upon finishing school , did not learn how to self - educate .
Either you quickly learn to adapt and update your knowledge of the field or you quickly become obsolete .
Graphic design changes rapidly .
If you do n’t pay attention almost constantly , you can easily lose your competitive edge .
No Problem
What kinds of opportunities are available for graphic designers who have chosen not to go to design school ?
Some of the best ones are often overlooked .
For example , outsourced work from big agencies .
Big agencies often make short - term commitments with designers to see if they are a good fit .
Because the position is not permanent , they often pay less attention to degrees and more to the quality of work .
Another opportunity is direct competitive design .
This is a growing model for many online graphic design studios .
The most well - known example is CrowdSpring .
CrowdSpring allows any designer to submit mockups for the projects listed on its website .
At the end of a competition , the client chooses the designer whose work they like best .
I have gotten some work through CrowdSpring , and it is a wonderful opportunity to get criticism and feedback .
It is also a potentially good money - maker .
One of my colleagues makes an excellent salary solely from his CrowdSpring work .
He treats it like a full - time job .
He puts in 40 hours a week and treats each client as if they had hired him for the design .
He makes $ 60,000 a year , and his degree is in business administration !
In the end , you can do very well without going to design school , if you know what you ’re doing .
Know Your Stuff
One of the biggest challenges of forgoing a traditional education is to actually get an education at all .
Self - taught designers must be extremely well disciplined .
In addition , they must have the resources to be able to study graphic design and learn any skills they will need .
The Internet is both a blessing and a curse .
We ’re so used to finding everything instantly that we forget the importance of internalizing information .
Attention to detail is of utmost importance .
People will judge you harshly because you do n’t have a degree , so you have to show them why they are wrong .
Know your design principles and practice them well , and the critics will shut up pretty quickly .
In addition to tutorials and online information , read books on graphic design .
Some recent research - based design books introduce new principles that are here to stay .
is of utmost importance .
People will judge you harshly because you do n’t have a degree , so you have to show them why they are wrong .
Know your design principles and practice them well , and the critics will shut up pretty quickly .
In addition to tutorials and online information , read books on graphic design .
Some recent research - based design books introduce new principles that are here to stay .
Like it or not , people have a bias for academia .
You need to prove why being self - taught gives you an edge to better engage your audience .
Do n’t forget the importance of the portfolio as a tool to earn people ’s trust in your skills .
In addition to conventional projects , make sure to showcase work that is somewhat academic in nature and that shows off your knowledge of sound design principles .
Again , if you know what you ’re talking about , people will listen to you and respect you .
Professionals
Whether or not you have a degree , remember that you are a graphic designer ; to maintain your standards and keep up with developments in the field , self - education is imperative .
Good designers forever seek out resources to update and hone their skills .
The Internet is a vast bank of shared knowledge ; you just have to know where to look .
Aside from free resources online , classes wo n’t set you back too much .
The classes I teach in graphic design and typography at McWeadon Education , for example , are college level but cost only $ 99 each .
Similarly , eclasses.org offers inexpensive online classes taught by seasoned professionals .
Not all professionally written resources cost money , either and there are literally endless resources online .
Google Tips
Google is often the best place to start pinning down resources and sorting them by subject .
Be specific in your searches .
For example , if you need free resources , be sure to include the word “ free ” in your search .
You can often find exactly what you are looking for by phrasing your query right .
For example , “ standard packaging templates ” would probably return jumbled results .
But “ standard package design templates for Adobe Illustrator ” would return more helpful websites .
The same is true of web design .
If you need a specific code for a website , do n’t just search for “ HTML code . ”
You would quickly get lost in the sea of information .
Try something like “ HTML code for bullet points ” or whatever it is you are looking for .
Also , remember to archive good information when you find it .
Bookmarks are great , but if you have space , save the pages on your hard drive .
Information , especially on blogs and message boards , can disappear rather quickly .
Plenty of Hard Work to Go Around
We must always remember that good design communicates something .
Training ourselves to be able to research and develop solutions to design problems that we face every day is essential .
Training is the launching point for any successful career in design .
Whether at school , at work or on the Internet , continually expanding our knowledge base is crucial , not only to keep up with changes but to maintain the edge we need to win clients and wow employers .
Going to design school and self - educating both take dedication and effort .
Even the best curriculum does n’t contain everything you need to succeed .
Gaining that edge entails crafting your own personal program of sustained education .
Written exclusively for WDD by Christian Hurst .
He has an MFA in Graphic Design .
He is currently senior designer at Kristag Design and teaches graphic design at McWeadon Education .
Did you attend a school or are you self educated designer ?
How has your choice impacted your career ?
Marines and Soldiers carry enough stuff already and welcome any chance to go lighter .
That even includes lighter ammo -- so long as the round remains as effective as what they 're shooting now -- and to get there AAI Corp. is testing rounds without brass casings .
One , which promises to be 35 percent lighter than the standard 5.56 - mm bullet , has a polymer casing .
The other , for all intents and purposes , does not have a casing -- the round is embedded in a high - temperature ignition propellant that , when fired , is vaporized .
It was last December the company picked up a three - year , $ 5.8 million contract from the Army 's Joint Service Small Arms Program Office to continue work on its light - weight weapon and ammo .
Total funding under the contract could reach $ 28 million , according to the company .
The contact calls for AAI to continue work on its 5.56 - mm machine gun and two types of light - weight ammo -- the cased and caseless rounds the company had on display this week at Modern Day Marine at Quantico .
The goal of the Lightweight Small Arms Technologies program is to reduce the weight and size of the small arms and ammo used by Marines and Soldiers .
" We 've got a polymer - cased ammunition , " said David A. Phillips , vice president for Business Development and Advanced Systems at AAI .
" It has a telescoped configuration and uses the same ball propellant as the standard 5.56 - mm round . "
The company is working specifically on 5.56 - caliber , he said , but has been asked by the Marine Corps and the Army to work everything scalable to be 5.56 - and the 7.62 - caliber used by NATO .
The 5.56 round on display constituted about a 35 percent weight reduction from the standard brass - cased round , he said .
The caseless round is about 50 percent lighter than the standard round , he said .
According to another of the AAI officials taking part at Modern Day Marine , Marines who stop by and learn they might eventually be toting ammo that 's up to 50 percent lighter than what they use now have a typical response .
" Hey , now I can carry more ammo . "
- Bryant Jordan
Tags
Is the Great Recession about to end ?
This has been the dominant meme at least since June , when my local paper , the Anniston Star , ran a front page story by McClatchy 's Kevin Hall with the headline , " Economists : Recession Nearing End as Unemployment Dips . "
Sad to say , though , that if such news is the basis for optimism , in June or today , then we are in trouble .
Before I explain why , let 's review Hall 's article .
The July job figures turned out to be much less bad than predicted .
Job losses for the month were reported at a mere 247,000 , which was about 25 percent less than the figure anticipated by forecasters .
That , coupled with optimistic labor market revisions for May and June , led some economists to declare that happy days may finally , if slowly , be getting here again .
In this spirit , the British investment bank , Barclays Capital Research , concluded in a report , " June is likely to have been the last month of the US recession . "
Looking back , though , this was a case of celebrating short - term shifts in the data without checking to see if the fundamentals have changed .
These economists , reacting to a monthly unemployment figure of 9.4 percent , were speaking too soon .
One month 's unemployment report is not very much to base such declarations on .
There are many below - the - surface factors that should give us pause .
First , the unemployment figures were released the first month that unemployment benefits ran out for a significant portion of the unemployed .
Many of these workers simply stopped looking for work , which erases them ( in a statistical sense ) from the labor force .
These " discouraged workers " were counted in the labor force until the early 1980s , and if they were counted today the unemployment rate would be well into the double digit range , like it was then .
" A healthy recovery this year , and even more a healthy economy in the future , cannot be measured simply on the basis of jobs figures , because not all jobs produce wealth . "
But there were other factors that caused the July figures to reflect what Forbes magazine called the " make - believe world of statisticians . "
Economist David Rosenberg reported that the automobile industry added 28,000 jobs in July , bucking a long - standing secular trend in job losses .
Coupled with July hiring for the federal census , the result , as Rosenberg put it , " added … 100,000 non-recurring payrolls " to the official employment figures .
I submit that these two factors had short - term , positive effects on the labor market , but that taken together , they do not suggest the economy has somehow turned a corner .
It 's always good to remember that that a healthy recovery this year , and even more a healthy economy in the future , cannot be measured simply on the basis of jobs figures , because not all jobs produce wealth .
Indeed , there are good jobs and bad jobs .
Good jobs create wealth and add to the productive capacity of the economy , whereas bad jobs do not .
For years , the Soviet Union proudly reported unemployment rates of zero .
Lost in that figure were those who were employed to do the equivalent of digging holes , followed by others paid to do the equivalent of filling them back up .
Ludwig von Mises discussed this phenomenon in his classic Socialism ( p. 457 ) : " The interventionist policy provides thousands and thousands of people with safe , placid , and not too strenuous jobs at the expense of the rest of society . "
Murray Rothbard later extended this line of thought by delineating between net tax payers and net tax consumers .
The question is , to what extent are such bad , non -wealth - creating jobs skewing job figures today ?
The impressive Michael Mandel of BusinessWeek recently crunched the numbers for job growth over the last 10 years , and the results , shall we say , do n't look good .
He calls it a " lost decade for jobs " in the United States .
I call it a disaster .
Consider his graph depicting the percent change in private - sector job growth over time .
We find a traditional pattern for private - sector job growth that , although volatile ( following the business cycle ) , remains within a 20 – 30 percent band for the 30 - year period starting in 1971 .
However , this period is followed by an ominous decline in the 2000s , which approaches zero job growth by May of 2009 .
What 's going on ?
Mandel does n't say , although he points out that the real story is somewhat worse than the data suggest .
Throughout the 2000s , there was significant growth in public sector jobs , doubling that of the private sector in absolute terms .
Mandel adds that , of the private - sector jobs created during this time period , most were in the " HealthEdGov " sector , meaning that these jobs — technically private — would not have existed without government spending .
The situation is troubling , to say the least .
From May 1999 to May 2009 , private - sector employment increased by only 1.1 percent — the lowest rate of job growth since the 1930s .
This reflects structural problems within the US labor force that have increased in severity during this decade .
Consider the last economic correction in the United States .
The economy was in recession at the time of 9/11 , a tragedy that squelched what looked like a normal private - sector jobs rebound starting several months earlier .
( In the graph above , see the bump that was well established by May 2001 . )
But the tragedy of 9/11 must include its use as a justification for the largest increase in government spending since the Great Depression .
The massive increase in both the welfare and warfare states following 9/11 , and the conscription of capital that they entailed , forestalled the inevitable market correction for several years .
And since it allowed existing malinvestments to fester , it made the present correction all the worse .
Today , the main response to ill - effects of past interventions seems to be to create even greater ones .
This must stop if private - sector job growth is to recover .
If not — well , do n't look to individual monthly job figures as a source of optimism .
This strip might seem familiar to a few , it actually first ran in my college newspaper about a year ago .
I ’m just now getting around to collecting all those strips ( the good ones at least ) and putting them online here for people to see .
It also helps when I do n’t have any new art or comics to show .
Cat scientists will always have a special place in my heart .
I ’m working on a big article for friday , so be sure to check by then , but for now make sure you LISTEN TO EPISODE 3 OF THE NIGHTMARE SHARK PODCAST !
If you like it , go check out the other episodes as well .
We ’re trying to put out one a week .
Degobaaaaah ,
Caldy
Instead of getting worked up about the perceived dangers of bad cycling , let 's focus on changing the bad driving that killed 2,538 people on UK roads last year
Why do those of us who venture out on two wheels run the risk of being called lycra louts or being compared to the evil overlord of a galactic empire ?
Take MP David Curry , who once said " the only time I have been knocked down in my life was by a cyclist going like a bat out of hell ... dressed like Darth Vader , as they all do ! "
Sadly , however , the idea that cyclists are a threat to civilisation seems to show no sign of abating .
Much of the concern with antisocial cycling focuses on jumping red lights and riding on the pavement .
Both are illegal and have the potential to cause great annoyance to others , but do they actually cause harm ?
There is no evidence that cyclists who jump red lights are particularly dangerous to anyone , including themselves .
From 2001 - 05 , only 2 % of pedestrian injuries in London were the result of cyclists jumping red lights .
During that same period , 55 % of pedestrian injuries in London were the result of motorists jumping red lights .
Jumping red lights is illegal for both cyclists and motorists , but it is much more likely to cause harm when motorists do it .
Cyclists should be where they belong – on the road .
Cycling on the pavement is annoying , but it 's not as dangerous as you might think .
In the past 10 years , not a single pedestrian in London has been killed by a cyclist on the pavement - yet 54 pedestrians have been killed by motorists driving on the pavement .
Compared to other forms of illegal and antisocial behaviour , antisocial cycling is not particularly harmful .
Of course , the rare instances when bad cycling causes injury and even death are tragic and should be investigated by the police .
However , we need to put it in perspective : it is very rare , and that is why it hits the headlines when it happens .
Cyclists just are n't that much of a problem .
Much illegal cycling is the result of ignorance and fear of cycling on hostile roads , rather than malice .
I 'd like to see all cyclists offered cycle training and cyclists who break the law required to undergo it .
For those who are about to shout " cyclists ought to be tested and licensed ! " , please understand that this would create a spectacular level of bureaucracy , not least of which would be delivering a theory test to a three year old .
This would put people off cycling - and our society would miss out on the benefits that cycling provides to our health , environment , economy and quality of life .
There are millions of cyclists out there , and only one Darth Vader .
Just like motorists , some are nice and some are nasty , and even the nasty cyclists are fairly harmless .
Instead of getting apoplectic about the perceived dangers of bad cycling , let 's focus on changing what killed 2,538 people on UK roads last year – bad driving .
• Debra Rolfe is the campaigns coordinator of CTC , the UK 's national cycling organisation
* PL Walking To The Creek
Posted by : Jenni
I could n't wait to share these with you all ...
This is the little path that we take to get out to the creek to swim .
As you can see , I could n't wait to take off my clothes and jump in the water .
Cheers .
Jenni
Did you hear the one about how the lobbyist for the drug industry , former Congressman Billy Tauzin , completely rolled Obama ’s top notch team of Rahm Emanuel and Jim Messina ?
You did n’t ?
Well , it ’s on the front page of today ’s New York Times .
There ’s a lot wrong with what we learn in this article :
Drug industry lobbyists reacted with alarm this week to a House health care overhaul measure that would allow the government to negotiate drug prices and demand additional rebates from drug manufacturers .
In response , the industry successfully demanded that the White House explicitly acknowledge for the first time that it had committed to protect drug makers from bearing further costs in the overhaul .
The Obama administration had never spelled out the details of the agreement .
“ We were assured : ‘ We need somebody to come in first .
If you come in first , you will have a rock - solid deal , ’ ” Billy Tauzin , the former Republican House member from Louisiana who now leads the pharmaceutical trade group , said Wednesday .
“ Who is ever going to go into a deal with the White House again if they do n’t keep their word ?
You are just going to duke it out instead . ”
A deputy White House chief of staff , Jim Messina , confirmed Mr. Tauzin ’s account of the deal in an e-mail message on Wednesday night .
“ The president encouraged this approach , ” Mr. Messina wrote .
“ He wanted to bring all the parties to the table to discuss health insurance reform . ”
Weak , weak response from Mr. Messina .
He and Mr. Emanuel were supposed to be the two smartest , toughest , savviest guys around .
They were going to impose order and get things done .
Instead , they were outsmarted by Billy Tauzin .
And , there are potential repercussions for losing at this high stakes game :
The new attention to the agreement could prove embarrassing to the White House , which has sought to keep lobbyists at a distance , including by refusing to hire them to work in the administration .
The White House commitment to the deal with the drug industry may also irk some of the administration ’s Congressional allies who have an eye on drug companies ’ profits as they search for ways to pay for the $ 1 trillion cost of the health legislation .
The White House staffers look like amateurs .
And , why does the drug industry warrant such an insider deal ?
U.S. marketers and consumer advocates are preparing for battle over the rules governing online advertising tailored to individual browsing habits , often tracked and collected without notice or permission .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. marketers and consumer advocates are preparing for battle over the rules governing online advertising tailored to individual browsing habits , often tracked and collected without notice or permission .
The U.S. Congress is due to intervene in the issue in the coming weeks , with a bill in the House of Representatives that would oblige websites to state explicitly how they use the information and allow those using the site to opt out .
A billion - dollar industry and consumer privacy are at stake .
Advertisers and popular websites say visitors prefer ads that are targeted to their interests and must accept advertising as a necessary condition to obtain free content .
But 75 percent of Americans said in a recent survey they were opposed to tailored advertising if it meant their behavior surfing the Internet was being tracked .
" People want the benefits of the Web but do n't know about the surveillance aspect , " said Stephen Baker , author of " The Numerati , " about the extent of online data collection .
" And when they hear about it , they get the heebie - jeebies . "
Researchers at the University of California , Berkeley , and the University of Pennsylvania who surveyed 1,000 Americans from June 18 to July 2 concluded there was a deep concern that tracking Internet habits for tailoring ads was wrong .
The survey came at a time when the debate in Washington over privacy and online advertising is at a " roiling boil , " said Mike Zaneis , vice president of public policy at the Interactive Advertising Bureau , an industry trade association .
TARGETED ADS
" There 's a battle for the online policy marketplace , " Zaneis said , leading to " a paternalistic effort to restrict information online , even if it 's anonymous . "
Targeted ads account for $ 1.1 billion up from $ 500 million in 2007 or 4.5 percent of the overall $ 24.5 billion dollars projected for online advertising in 2009 , according to eMarketer estimates .
In Washington , Democratic Representative Rick Boucher and other House members are introducing bipartisan legislation later this year aimed at helping consumers better understand what information is collected about them and how it is used .
Boucher , the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Communications , Technology and the Internet , told Reuters : " We want to enhance the sense of security and privacy protection , "
The bill would oblige websites to display a privacy policy and explain to users how their information was collected and how it would be used .
It would also require sites to allow visitors to opt out of having their data used to create an advertisers ' profile .
Last winter the Federal Trade Commission published guidelines for advertisers , which prompted the ad industry to put out its own set of self - regulatory principles in July .
Government agencies and consumer advocates argue that some form of regulation is needed to inform and protect consumers when they go online .
" The privacy implications of new technology are vast , " said David Vladeck , head of the Bureau of Consumer Protection at the Federal Trade Commission .
COOKIE MONSTER
Each time a consumer points his or her browser to a website , it creates what are called " cookies , " essentially chunks of code that marketers can read and interpret to determine how to target their ads .
Consumers can avoid some of this tracking by either deleting cookies on their browser or by instructing the browser not to accept cookies .
But this can also disrupt web surfing as many websites will not function properly with the cookie function turned off .
Consumers have been tracked and followed by advertisers in the offline world for generations , often through credit card information , or supermarket cards .
But the Internet raises the stakes because " people are living their lives online , for essential transactions , " said Jeff Chester , of the consumer protection group Center for Digital Democracy .
( Editing by Daniel Trotta and David Storey )
Two volunteer firefighters in southeastern Tennessee have been charged with intentionally setting a vacant house on fire and then responding to it as Mowbray Mountain Volunteer firefighters .
Hamilton County investigators arrested 19 - year - old George Lewis and 18 - year - old William Harris on indictments charging them with aggravated arson in a June 17 fire .
Both men were released on $ 5,000 bonds .
A booking officer at the Hamilton County Jail and a court clerk said records do not show that the men have hired attorneys .
A Sheriff ’s Department statement said the arrests stem from an investigation into a series of vacant residential arson fires .
Investigators determined that after igniting the fire in June , both Lewis and Harris responded as volunteer firefighters .
Copyright 2020 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Information
Filename : Anacortes is a Monster Oak Harbo
Size : 756x655
Uploaded : 2009-09-27
Tags
penis harbor
Popular tags on the site
manga dilbert cheerleader shevington invasion rwpeuro2006 giger renee himos stephy ebooks magic jessica donnamodelo.com death_note ryushin_09 forza paintball smashing ryushin_14 soepkip sprites dubai emma mariage rx7 wallpaper avril chubby family 1999 ka_series_l rippenspreizer fxc ryushin_15 cat krystal spain comic yuko bonton glastonbury megaten falco ranma hr_giger bier cia 1nsane
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
The history books on one of Britain ’s most important battles will have to be re-written .
The bad news for scholars is that the Battle of Bosworth Field , which marked the end of medieval England , did n’t take place where historians thought it did .
But the good news is that the mistake has saved the battlefield from being looted and destroyed by metal detectorists .
Using documentary evidence ( including previously unknown manuscripts ) , place names , soil and peat analysis ( to determine where medieval marches existed ) , and an archaeological metal detecting survey , a team of experts from Britain ’s main battlefield archaeology organization , The Battlefields Trust , has now succeeded in finding the real location of Bosworth Field .
Their research shows that the battle took place approximately two miles southwest of the site traditionally associated with it .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But they are not revealing the exact location , for fear of its being raided by unauthorized metal detectorists .
The archaeological metal detecting survey is continuing and the battlefield trust hopes to use the emerging evidence to help reconstruct exactly how the battle was conducted .
The Battle of Bosworth Field was the final military encounter of the Wars of the Roses .
Fought in 1485 between Richard III and Henry Tudor ( who was crowned Henry VII after the battle ) , it ushered in the Tudor age and is usually seen as marking the end of the medieval period in England .
For more than 200 years , historians had thought that the battle was fought around Ambion Hill , west of the Leicestershire village of Shenton .
Then in the 1980s and 1990s , various scholars proposed several other nearby sites .
So , in 2005 , in order to clarify the situation , the Heritage Lottery Fund provided £ 154,000 to the Battlefield Trust for a 4 year investigation to investigate where the real battlefield was .
Earlier this year – at a location not previously proposed - the Trust ’s archaeologists found what they believe to be the core of the battlefield .
Work will now continue to define the edge of this late 15th century area of killing fields .
So far , the archaeologists have found dozen s of pieces of military material left over from the battle .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
They include 19 items of artillery shot , three items of handgun shot and fragments of swords , bridle fittings , spurs – and even three coins almost certainly lost by combatants during the battle .
Most of the artillery shot are between 23 millimetres and 65 millimetres in diameter – but there was one very large ball , 93 millimetres in diameter and weighing 7.2 kilos .
Covered in a layer of lead , most of the shot was made of stone .
They appear to have been fired form 6 - 12 artillery pieces located at two positions .
Experts in medieval gunnery suspect that the artillery played a role at the beginning of the battle – but may have become less useful tactically as the battle progressed .
It was notoriously difficult to turn the artillery pieces round to face new directions – so adapting to the progress of the battle would have been difficult for these early gunners .
Their artillery pieces and carriages would probably have weighed between 400 and 1000 kilos each .
The finds are important because they represent by far the largest collection of 15th - 16th century artillery shot ever found in Europe .
The continuing investigations should help reveal whether Henry had artillery as well as Richard .
History only reveals Richard as having big guns .
Archaeology may now demonstrate that they both did .
Now Leicestershire County Council is planning to change some aspects of its Bosworth battlefield visitor centre to take account of the new discoveries – and the change in battle field location .
However , although the new location is not covered by the visitor centre and associated country park , the newly discovered battlefield site is visible from the top of Ambion Hill some 300 metres from the visitor centre .
The County Council is also working with the police to protect the as yet undisclosed battle field location .
Archaeologists say that the reason that medieval military material remained on the battlefield is that its location was not known up till now – and has therefore not attracted attention from metal detectorists .
The newly discovered location will be announced sometime next year – and negotiations with land owners may allow some public access through existing rights of way .
The real site of the battle was only found at the very end of the four year investigation .
“ For more than a year we had hints we were close to the action but it was only in the last week of planned field work , in the last possible area , that the critical evidence was found , ” said archaeologist Glenn Foard of the Battlefields Trust .
The idea of teamwork goes right to the top .
Goldman may not be a private partnership any more — it went public a decade ago — but the bosses work hard to foster a “ we ’re in this together ” , family - style approach .
Others say it feels more like a cult , but they mean it as a compliment .
Some of its practices make perfect sense .
Bonuses , for example , are not based on personal performance , as they are at many banks , but on the performance of the firm as a whole , and partners receive a sizable chunk of their remuneration in stock that they cannot sell until they leave the firm .
It weeds out what Dina Powell , 36 , the firecracker Egyptian - American boss of Goldman ’s philanthropic arm , calls “ egomaniac jerks ” who might be tempted to bet the farm on red in the hope of skewering a bigger bonus .
Compelled by a headline about Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein saying that he does “ God ’s work , ” I pored through this article from UK TimesOnline and discovered a scheme to horrify the Ayn Rand set : collective rewards !
“ Egomaniacal jerks ” pretty much describes every true - believing Ayn Randist I ’ve ever met .
That bit ’s on page three , and is immediately followed by a scene from Brazil :
Other practices are distinctly creepy .
Goldman - ites are forced to check their secure voicemail morning , noon and night for the latest bon mots of Blankfein and Eileen Dillon , 48 , who is officially head of operations for the executive office but unofficially camp counsellor .
Goldman is the biggest user of voicemail in the world .
The “ mind bullets ” consist of anything from the latest profit and loss figures , to reports of what the chief executives of key clients have told Blankfein and his top team over lunch , to instructions to “ switch off on holiday , for goodness sake ” .
I ’m scared now and want to go home .
Note : this is not seasonally adjusted .
There is a very distinct seasonal pattern for imports , but not for exports .
Sometimes port traffic gives us an early hint of changes in the trade deficit .
The following graph shows the loaded inbound and outbound traffic at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach in TEUs ( TEUs : 20 - foot equivalent units or 20 - foot - long cargo container ) .
Although containers tell us nothing about value , container traffic does give us an idea of the volume of goods being exported and imported .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Inbound traffic was 17.4 % below September 2008 .
Outbound traffic was 8.6 % below September 2008 .
Even with the decline in September , there has been a clear recovery in U.S. exports .
And export traffic at the LA area ports is at the September 2006 level .
However , for imports , traffic is about at the September 2003 level , and 2009 will probably be the weakest year for import traffic since 2002 .
Note : Imports usually peak in the August through October period ( as retailers import goods for the holidays ) and then decline in November .
And some color from the LA Times : Imports dive at ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach
As dismal as those figures are for the two ports , which rank first and second in the U.S. in container volume and together rank fifth in the world , a greater worry goes beyond the immediate and substantial loss of local trade - related jobs :
Some of the ports ' most important tenants were so poorly positioned for the downturn that they might sink completely in a sea of billions of dollars of red ink , experts say .
" Without a doubt , the Southern California ports should be worried , " said Neil Dekker , an analyst at Drewry Shipping Consultants in London who produces container industry forecasts .
" Companies will go bust ; freight rates may take years to recover . "
Avoid Windows Malware : Bank on a Live CD
An investigative series I 've been writing about organized cyber crime gangs stealing millions of dollars from small to mid-sized businesses has generated more than a few responses from business owners who were concerned about how best to protect themselves from this type of fraud .
The simplest , most cost - effective answer I know of ?
Do n't use Microsoft Windows when accessing your bank account online .
I do not offer this recommendation lightly ( and at the end of this column you 'll find a link to another column wherein I explain an easy - to - use alternative ) .
But I have interviewed dozens of victim companies that lost anywhere from $ 10,000 to $ 500,000 dollars because of a single malware infection .
I have heard stories worthy of a screenplay about the myriad ways cyber crooks are evading nearly every security obstacle the banks put in their way .
But regardless of the methods used by the bank or the crooks , all of the attacks shared a single , undeniable common denominator :
They succeeded because the bad guys were able to plant malicious software that gave them complete control over the victim 's Windows computer .
Why is the operating system important ?
Virtually all of the data - stealing malware in circulation today is built to attack Windows systems , and will simply fail to run on non-Windows computers .
Also , the Windows - based malware employed in each of these recent online attacks against businesses was so sophisticated that it made it extremely difficult for banks to tell the difference between a transaction initiated by their customers and a transfer set in motion by hackers who had hijacked that customer 's PC .
The now - infamous hack against Bullitt County , Ky. illustrated how thieves use malware to defeat two of the major lines of defense commonly used by banks to thwart unauthorized activity .
Many banks offer customers the option for so - called " dual controls " - requiring at least two authorized employees to sign off on any money transfers .
In that attack , thieves used malware planted on the treasurer 's system to effectively add themselves as an authorized approver of transactions .
Banks also often keep track of the Internet addresses used by their customers , and erect additional security measures when those customers access their online accounts via unfamiliar addresses or computers .
In the case of Bullitt County and at least three other victims I 've interviewed in the past three months , the attackers used their malicious software to route their connection to the bank 's
Web site by tunneling through the victim's own Internet address and computer .
Malicious software also is helping thieves defeat so - called two - factor authentication , which generally involves requiring online banking customers to enter something they have in addition to their user name and password , such as the code generated by a key fob that creates a new , six - digit number that changes every 30 seconds .
Over the past two months , I wrote about the plight of two companies that were victims of online bank fraud despite the fact that their banks required the use of these security tokens .
David Johnston , owner of Modesto , Calif . based Sign Designs , lost nearly $ 100,000 on July 23 due to Windows - based malware .
Johnston 's bank requires customers to enter the code from a Vasco security token .
But the thieves - armed with malware on the company controller 's PC - were able to intercept one of those codes when the controller tried to log in , and then delay the controller from logging in .
Indeed , Johnston said the company 's computer logs show that the controller logged into the system while the series of thefts was already in progress .
Thieves used the same approach to steal $ 447,000 from Ferma Corp. , a demolition firm in Santa Maria , Calif .
whose bank also required customers to enter a code from a security token .
I 'm not the only one recommending commercial online banking customers consider accessing their accounts solely from non-Windows systems .
The Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center ( FS - ISAC ) - a industry group supported by some of the world 's largest banks -- recently issued guidelines urging businesses to carry out all online banking activities form " a stand - alone , hardened and completely locked down computer system from where regular e-mail and Web browsing is not possible . "
In direct response to this series reported and published by Security Fix , the SANS Technology Institute , a security research and education organization , challenged its students with creating a white paper to determine the most effective methods for small and mid-sized businesses to mitigate the threat from these types of attacks .
Their conclusion ?
While there are multiple layers that of protection that businesses and banks could put in place , the cheapest and most foolproof solution is to use a read - only , bootable operating system , such as Knoppix , or Ubuntu .
See the SANS report here ( PDF ) .
Also known as " Live CDs , " these are generally free , Linux - based operating systems that one can download and burn to a CD - Rom .
The beauty of Live CD distributions is that they can be used to turn a Windows - based PC temporarily into a Linux computer , as Live CDs allow the user to boot into a Linux operating system without installing anything to the hard drive .
Programs on a LiveCD are loaded into system memory , and any changes - such as browsing history or other activity -- are compeltely wiped away after the machine is shut down .
To return to Windows , simply remove the Live CD from the drive and reboot .
More importantly , malware that is built to steal data from Windows - based systems wo n't load or work when the user is booting from LiveCD .
Put simply : even if the Windows installation on the underlying hard drive is completely corrupted with a keystroke - logging virus or Trojan , that malware can't capture the victim 's banking credentials if that user only transmits his or her credentials after booting up into one of these Live CDs .
The Arc of Steuben , a Bath N.Y. - based not - for - profit that provides care for developmentally disabled adults , has taken this advice to heart .
In September , I wrote about how thieves had used malware to steal nearly $ 200,000 from the organization .
Since then , the organization has restricted access to its online bank account to a Linux system on its network , according to an Oct. 1 report in the local Star Gazette .
" I would strongly recommend looking at whatever systems you 're using if you 're doing electronic banking , " the Gazette quotes Bernie Burns , the Arc 's executive director .
" And if it is a Microsoft system , perhaps looking at something different . "
Of course , a Mac computer would probably work just as well , but the focus here is on Windows users who may be looking for a cheap way to harden their existing setup to avoid malicious software .
If you 've never used a Live CD and are interested in learning how , or if you just want to take a Linux operating system for a test drive , check out my tutorial on this topic here .
A Chinese man who went on the run hours before being convicted of running brothels in Devon and London is being hunted by police .
Lei Zhang , 32 , of Shandy Street , Stepney , London , was also convicted of controlling prostitution , trafficking women and converting criminal property .
When the jury returned to deliver its verdict , the judge at Plymouth Crown Court told them Zhang had vanished .
A police spokeswoman confirmed officers are actively searching for Zhang .
Zhang , who had denied running a chain of " chicken houses " in which the trafficked girls worked as prostitutes , is believed to disappeared over the weekend , leaving an unpaid bill at a Plymouth bed and breakfast .
' Demoralised girls '
His partner , 30 - year - old Feng Jiang , also from Stepney , had pleaded guilty to brothel keeping in Exeter and London , controlling prostitution for gain and trafficking women for sexual exploitation .
A third defendant , 50 - year - old Chun Hung Lau , from Plymouth , was found guilty of converting criminal property and a mortgage fraud .
He will be sentenced next week .
Prosecutor Anthony Donne , QC , told the jury " demoralised " girls were taken to five brothels in the UK .
Mr Donne said they were in the process of creating a mega brothel in London when police swooped on a Plymouth house in January last year .
Zhang and Jiang are due to be sentenced in November , but Judge Darlow said if Zhang is not found he could be sentenced in his absence .
Today I made an important step for unwrapyourmind .
I released all copyright on my content .
I uncopyrighted the page ( this term was coined by Leo Babauta who did an experiment with it on his site zenhabits . net ) .
You can read my own uncopyright policy .
Now besides this being a courageous step for me , there is a lot to learn for each of us , since dropping your copyright is also about letting go of the fear of scarcity .
The Fear of Scarcity
The fear of not getting enough , of lacking , of scarcity , is deeply ingrained in our societies .
Coming from our parents and ancestors , who experienced a physical lack of several kinds ( food , houses , clothing , etc. ) in several wars , this is a very understandable fear .
But unless you experience the lack in your situation right now , let 's take a look at where it has brought us .
What Has the Fear of Scarcity Done to Us ?
The fear of scarcity can be found on all levels of human life .
I have picked 3 randomly .
1. Nutrition :
It is a known fact , that we eat too much .
We stuff things inside us and have lost all touch with our own physical feeling of hunger .
We became an obese society just because we have an inner fear of " someday all the good might be gone " .
That 's why we subconsciously have an impulse to store things .
So we store food as fat in our bodies .
2. Economy :
We just witnessed the collapse of the greed - driven ( and behind greed , there is always the fear of scarcity ) economy .
Now some people will actually experience physical lack .
They have lost their jobs and are not sure , how to feed their families , etc .
This is a sad situation , but we must be aware , that this situation did not happen due to any lack of resources .
This whole crisis did not happen because of scarcity , but because of fear of scarcity .
Our whole financial system was so afraid to lose , that the greed was driven to such an extent , that a collapse was possible .
Let 's face it , there are enough money and any other kind of resource out there , that we all ( including all the people in the 3rd , 4th , and 5th world ) could have much more than the essential for living .
That does n’t mean , that we need to give up something , abundance is a natural component of life .
3. Copyright :
We see traditional marketing and sales system not working any longer since the internet changed the game .
This is apparent in the music industry , where the influence of iTunes and the internet , changed a whole industry upside down .
And they have to find their place and their business model yet .
This is a time of instability and looking out for new business models .
The music industry fights their copyright issues with any legal possible tool they have , but I am not sure , how long they can sustain it .
Even big musicians start to turn away from major record companies and start doing their own thing .
Why Is the Fear of Scarcity Keeping You from Experiencing the Life You Want
I truly believe that , unless you master your fear of scarcity , you cannot experience the growth you want .
It all comes down to the question , whether you trust in life to take care of you ?
If you trust :
that you will get the money to feed your family
that you will get the customer you need to sell your products too
that you will be taken care of
that needed resources will be there by tomorrow ( that does not mean you should n't care about the environment )
that there is enough for anyone
that there is no lack
that , even if someone takes something away from you ( legally or by stealing ) , this will not harm you , because the universe will take care of it
Unless you learn to trust in the universe that much , you are driven by fear .
Some signs of fear are :
you think that there is not enough for everyone
you think that since there is not enough , you need to fight for the resources
you have to protect what is yours from others stealing it
you need to steal from others , to get what is scarce
you need to be tricky to get an advantage in life
you might even think you need to lie to customers to trick them into buying
Trust Is a Decision
Like anything else in life , you cannot wait , unless you were given trust by some outside force .
You have to develop it inside of you .
You have to build it step by step .
What are some steps to build trust in life ?
do some charity work
give money to charity
learn to enjoy giving away things
start working on a project that inspires you ( and do n't think how this could pay your bills )
keep a gratitude journal , where you write down , what you were grateful for on that day
in your journal write down , every situation where you felt guided .
Look out for the lucky situations that happen to you .
if you have a blog or some other creative material , uncopyright it ( or if this is a step to brave think about Creative Common License )
learn to focus on giving way more before asking for what you get out of it
Disclaimer
Now , this does n't mean , that you must do this for everything .
I might not uncopyright every product I have ( and I will charge for services or products in the future to pay my bills ) , but by focusing on giving first , I am not afraid of any lack of potential customers , who like added products , service or support .
So if you like this or any material you find at unwrapyourmind .com - check out the uncopyright policy and share it with the people you like .
And yes , I 'd appreciate it , if you give me credit and link back to this site .
Update :
Also if you added some value to it or if you 've made a translation of one of my articles I would really love to get your link .
I might link back to it if I find it useful to my readers .
Just send me a direct message via Twitter .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Mortars were fired in Baghdad , killing 7 , and three bombs went off in the Shiite holy city of Karbala , killing 4 and wounding 48 .
The bombings were near to holy Shiite shrines , which is extremely dangerous .
The bombing of the golden dome at Samarra in February of 2006 set off a vicious Sunni - Shiite civil war that killed thousands each month .
The shrine of Imam Husayn , the Prophet ’s martyred grandson , in Karbala is among the holiest sites of Shiite Islam .
Al - Zaman reports in Arabic that Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki has ordered the closing for one week of Mustansiriya University in downtown Baghdad and the banning of partisan political activity on campus .
The moves alarmed the PM ’s critics , who worry that he is gradually abolishing the freedom of speech in the new Iraq and making himself a strongman .
Aljazeera English has video :
Mustansiriya ’s student government and administration has been dominated by the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq ( ISCI ) and by the Sadr Movement , two Shiite religious parties that are rivals of the Islamic Mission ( Da ’wa ) Party of PM al - Maliki .
Although Western reporters for some odd reason want to depict Da’wa as more secular than the others , it is not .
It is , however , less puritanical than the Sadrists and led by lay fundamentalists rather than by clerics , in contrast to ISCI .
Since ISCI and the Sadrists are part of the National Iraqi Alliance coalition contesting the upcoming parliamentary elections , and Maliki ’s Da`wa is running against them on the Government of Laws slate , there is bad blood among the Shiite fundamentalist parties at the moment .
Mustansiriya U. ’s president was Imad al - Husayni of the Islamic Supreme Council of iraq .
Then Minister of Higher Education Abd Dhiyab al - `Ujayli dismissed al - Husayni and appointed Taqi al - Musawi as university president .
But al - Husayni refused to step down .
So Mustansiriya U. limped along with two administrations that were constantly fighting with one another .
Then PM al - Maliki stepped in and appointed a third man , a professor in the School of Education , as leader of the university .
But that only produced three rival administrations .
But beyond personality conflicts , the religious parties and the student unions they dominate were jockeying with one another .
When al - Maliki appointed a personal friend as president , it set off two days of student demonstrations and protests , on Monday and Tuesday , demanding al - Husayni ’s reinstatement ( i.e. the student unions controlled by ISCI were attempting to flex their muscles ) .
In Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein , institutions of higher education have often come to be controlled by fundamentalist political parties , who then give preference to student party members from their party in the admissions process and also favor party members for faculty posts .
That is , universities are often part of the same spoils system that operates in government ministries .
Having control of a university has many benefits for a party , since it provides it with opportunities for patronage , and gives it a large , visible social space and lots of potential campaign workers .
So al - Maliki was perceived as shifting Mustansiriya out of the ISCI column and making an attempt to put it under the control of his Islamic Mission Party .
Al - Maliki has reacted to the strikes and demonstrations by closing the university down for a while and dissolving the party - based student organizations , attempting to depoliticize student activism .
It remains to be seen whether the closing will have much effect , and whether it is really possible to stop politics on campus by fiat .
As for the charge that al - Maliki is acting unconstitutionally in forbidding partisan political activities on campus , it has merit .
It would be as though US universities were forbidden to host the Young Republicans or the Young Democrats .
Iraq may or may not regain political stability any time soon , but the likelihood that it will have democratic government is low .
Censorship is a genuine problem in the Arab world , as Cynthia P. Schneider and Nadia Oweidat argue , and the project of posting to the internet the works of the great Muslim modernists and liberals that they suggest should definitely be pursued .
The question is who would pay for all that typing , or at least correction of the OCR .
( One caveat : these authors romanticize the 19th century thinkers , who were not as liberal and not as free to express themselves as they suggest ; Rifa ’a al - Tahtawi was never head of al - Azhar and his textbook was written for the state , relatively secular khedivial schools that the authors think did not exist . )
Ominously , Iraq has had to slash its government budget and is running a substantial budget deficit this year which is impeding both spending on civilian infrastructure and the purchase of military equipment .
And , the Kurdistan Regional Government and al - Maliki ’s Baghdad are sparring over oil exports .
The Kurds are on strike , refusing to export the 100,000 barrels a day their region typically had been sending out through federal government pipelines .
A deep Kurdish - Arab divide could end the alliance Kurdish parties have had with the Shiites in parliament , and set the stage for one more civil war .
End / ( Not Continued )
New Zealand has been ranked fifth in the world in gender equality , according to a new report , with Iceland and three other Nordic countries occupying the top four slots .
The United States , which prides itself on civil rights progress during the past half century , fell four spots from last year to stand behind Lithuania and ahead of Namibia , according to the World Economic Forum , a nonprofit group based in Switzerland .
The report ranked countries according to how much they reduced gender disparities based on economic participation , education , health and political empowerment while attempting to strip out the effects of a nation 's overall wealth .
Iceland , which has been rocked by financial crisis , rose from fourth place overall a year ago to top the list and was followed by Finland , Norway and Sweden .
Commenting on the low US position , Melanne Verveer , US ambassador - at - large for global women 's issues , said at the launch of the report in New York : " In many ways we 've been a model ... but we also have a ways to travel . "
" Obviously I think every country wants to do better .
It 's worth pointing out that no country has equality between men and women so we have a long road to go no matter where we live . "
Pulling down the United States was its poor performance in political empowerment , where it ranked a lowly 61 .
The Nordic countries excelled in this area , with Iceland again taking top honours .
Yemen was ranked lowest at 134 , behind Chad and Pakistan .
" Out of the 115 countries covered in the report since 2006 , more than two - thirds have posted gains in overall index scores , indicating that the world in general has made progress towards equality , " co-author Ricardo Hausmann said in a statement .
The Nordic countries traditionally have been known for generous social benefits , and the high - ranking nations have made it easier to balance work and family life , the report said .
" When we look at the economic participation variables , it 's clear that this country ( Iceland ) has managed to remove the barriers to women participating in the workplace , " said Saadia Zahidi , the report 's co-author .
" Some of that is of course explained by the type of maternity leave benefits that these countries offer , " she said .
Zahidi said it was too early to tell what effects the global financial crisis in general , and Iceland 's economic turmoil in particular , would have on the gender gap standings .
The report is based on data that is between one and three years old , Zahidi said .
Sources included the International Labour Organisation , the World Health Organisation and the United Nations Development Programme .
Church of Sweden Elects Lesbian Bishop Share Tweet
June 2 , 2009
UPPSALA , Sweden ( RNS / ENI ) --
The newly - elected Lutheran bishop of Stockholm says that being a lesbian means she wants to stand alongside people who feel powerless .
" I know what it is to be called into question , " the Rev. Eva Brunne said in an article on the Web site of the Church of Sweden after her Tuesday ( May 26 ) election .
" I am in the lucky situation that I have power and I can use it for the benefit of those who have no power . "
Brunne , who is currently the dean of the Stockholm diocese , is the first Church of Sweden bishop to live in a registered homosexual partnership , the Uppsala - headquartered church said , and she is believed to be the first openly lesbian bishop in the world .
Brunne , 55 , lives with priest Gunilla Linden in a partnership that has received a church blessing .
They have a three - year - old son .
" Once you have been baptized , no one can say you cannot be part of the Church because you are homo - , bi- , or transsexual , " the Web site of the French periodical Ttu quoted Brunne as saying .
She clinched the post by 413 votes against 365 votes for Hans Ulfvebrand ; she will succeed Bishop Caroline Krook , who is to retire in November .
In 2003 , the consecration of a V. Eugene Robinson , an openly gay man who lives with a male partner , as the Episcopal bishop of New Hampshire triggered a deep division and threatened a schism in the worldwide Anglican Communion .
Lutheran churches throughout the world hold different views about matters of human sexuality , including the acceptance of homosexuals in church life and blessings for same - sex relationships .
The Church of Sweden , which offers a special blessing for same - sex couples , has faced criticism from some other Lutheran churches , particularly those in African countries .
Copyright 2009 Religion News Service and Ecumenical News International .
Used by permission .
All rights reserved .
Today ’s guest blogger , Juliet Kemp , is a sysadmin , technical writer , and environmentalist .
The other week , I got an email from someone who had read one of my articles .
This is something that happens from time to time , and normally it makes me happy .
It 's good to hear that people appreciate what you write .
So I opened up the email , and sure enough , it started off with a compliment about the usefulness of a particular article that I 'd written .
Great .
Warm fuzzies abound .
Unfortunately , the warm fuzzies vacated the premises in the next paragraph , in which the ( male ) writer concluded with the sentiment that it was nice to read such good articles written by " a cutie " .
I think I may have said something very rude at that point .
It certainly left me feeling uncomfortable and a little creeped - out .
The problem I have with this is n't just in the assumption that it 's OK for a total stranger ( who I 've never even seen in person ) to comment on my appearance .
It 's in the implication that the technical merit of my writing is n't the important part here — that what 's important is how physically attractive I am .
( And in particular with the form of words used , not just " cute " , but " a cutie " , which is a very neat way to suggest that everything important about a person can be encapsulated in their appearance . )
But hey .
Maybe this guy was just ill - informed , right ?
Maybe he really did just mean to be complimentary , and did n't know that what he was saying might well cause discomfort or give offence .
So I took some nice calming breaths , and I emailed him back , saying : " Hey , thanks for letting me know that you like my writing , but the rest of your comment made me uncomfortable .
And I 'm sure you do n't mean to do that , or to come across as creepy , so I 'm letting you know that it was inappropriate . "
Next day , I got a reply .
He started off by saying that my response ( finding his comment inappropriate ) was as expected ; then that he would n't mind someone calling him cute ; and then went on to elaborate on his opinion of the attractiveness of " most " women in tech ( low ) , and of the competence of those women who were attractive ( also low ) .
Without even getting into the broader points ( I 'll do that in a moment ) , this man is saying " I expected this to make you uncomfortable , but I said it anyway , because I think it should be OK " .
This is n't even just cluelessness : it 's deliberately causing distress .
It 's on the same continuum as the guy who gropes women on public transport , because he wants to and he does n't care what they want .
I gave up at that point , but for the benefit of those playing along at home , here are the issues in play :
Issues of privilege and systemic gender inequality mean that it just is not the case that you can swap genders over and say " it would be fine this way around , so it 's fine the other way around " .
These things have different meaning depending on your position , and men and women are starting from different positions ( with different social expectations of their behaviour , and different access to power ) .
the case that you can swap genders over and say " it would be fine this way around , so it 's fine the other way around " .
These things have different meaning depending on your position , and men and women are starting from different positions ( with different social expectations of their behaviour , and different access to power ) .
Not to mention the all - too - familiar " I think this , which differs from what you think , thus your response is invalid " .
Techie women are n't cute ?
Cute women are n't techie ?
Those who claim to be both are mostly lying ?
We 're back to a set of assumptions about what makes women worthwhile : appearance .
And a projected opposition : you can be either attractive or intelligent , but not both .
Women are only allowed to fit into one of two pre-defined categories , rather than existing as the 3 billion or so complex individuals that they are .
It is simply not relevant what someone looks like in this context .
By drawing attention to appearance in this way , what 's coming through is that what matters here is n't my ( or any other woman 's ) technical ability , it 's our physical appearance .
This is not a standard which is applied to male geeks ( and hey , it would n't be acceptable if it was ) .
( This link about exceptionalism also contains some useful thoughts about these issues . )
The thing is : this is n't an isolated incident .
It would still be shitty even if it was ; but it is n't .
Other geek women I spoke to had similar experiences , and in a couple of cases deliberately kept photos of themselves offline in order to avoid such problems ; there 's plenty of evidence that people who openly operate online as " female " get significantly more harassment than those who operate as " male " .
And often far worse or blunter than this particular incident , which made me uncomfortable and angry , but at least was n't threatening .
That 's a typical female experience in itself : to tell yourself , well , this was unpleasant , but it was n't , y'know , dangerous .
Frankly , fuck that shit .
It 's all part of a continuum .
Think of women as primarily important for their appearance , and that informs your interactions with them .
It 's patronising , degrading , and it 's fundamentally not acceptable behaviour .
Compliment me on my technical skills , by all means , but do n't suggest that that 's just an adjunct to what really matters : that you think I 'm cute .
And , of course , this puts women off engaging in what is already ( as has been extensively discussed , here and elsewhere ) a very male space .
This , exactly this , kind of behaviour , is what creates a space where women are not comfortable to contribute .
And that sucks even more than the ignorant behaviour itself .
Baby Girl put up for Auction on Taobao
[ Netease ]
On the afternoon of October 14th MOP BBS appeared a new post , quickly attracted netizens ’ attention .
Titled with “ Putting up their own child for auction , what kind of parents are they ? ” the post attached with 2 Taobao website screenshots .
( Taobao : is a online shopping marketplace for consumers in China .
The EBay like auction website . )
According to the screenshots , the seller was from Zhangshu , Jiangxi province putting his baby up for auction on his online store , starting bid was 1 yuan , seller will pay for the shipping cost .
In the description it wrote , baby is the daughter of his sister , was born on April 14 2008 , “ because we want a boy , therefore decided to give ( baby girl ) away to family of fate ” According to the information , baby ’s father has good health , graduated from junior college for professional training .
Baby ’s mother has “ O ” blood type , fair skinned , big eyes , “ kid ’s also got the big eyes , very cute , hope everyone will think for the child ” .
In the end , seller also said , sincere buyer could meet her in personal .
He provided 2 pictures of the baby girl , taken when she was just born and when she was at 1 year old , fair - skinned and chubby , very cute .
The post rapidly spread and shocked many netizens .
Netizen “ An ” from Douban ( 豆瓣网 ) said this was the most “ stupefied ” ( 囧 ) online store .
MOP netizen cried out “ Human traffickers have opened online store ? ”
More people criticized parents being irresponsible , “ Why give birth to the baby if they did n’t even want to keep her ?
How could they easily sell her online ?
What kind of people are they ? ”
There were also netizens thought this might be a hoax .
On the 15th , this store was shut down by Taobao .
Taobao ’s public relations department said in the afternoon they had received reports saying that someone was selling baby on Taobao .
After they found the online store , they directly took the “ product ” off the shelf , and shut down the account .
“ This was a violation of the law and regulations . ”
But as far as the specific information about the closed store and the date which it started the baby auction , Taobao said they were not clear .
October 14 , media contacted this online store seller according to the information on the posted screenshots .
A 25 year old man with last name Yu , from Zhangshu Jiangxi Province said , baby girl was his sister ’s daughter , and did not know that the shop was already shut down for investigation .
Yu said their family was not well - off .
His bother in - law was the only son and their family always wanted a boy .
For this reason , he put his niece ’s pictures on the online store .
Before this , his online store only sold things from his home that he did not need anymore , such as DVD , alarm clock and so on .
However he repeatedly stressed that “ I am not a human trafficker , it is adoption , and we do not require any money or material things in return .
After the information went online , there was a man from Anhui province contacted him before .
He was a doctor , the couple did not have any child and also always wanted a girl , so they showed interest to adopt the baby girl .
Then because his sister was reluctant , he did not respond to the potential “ buyer ” .
Subsequently his mother also yelled at him , “ no matter how hard it would be , must raise the child yourself ” .
“ Mainly it is up to my sister , if she continues to consider , we can go to an official adoption website , find the appropriate kind - hearted people . ”
What is appropriate ?
Yu said , “ A family in normal conditions , both man and woman should have legitimate jobs and really treat the baby girl well . ”
As for what Yu said “ this is adoption , not violating the laws and regulations ” , Sichuan Lushi Law Firm attorney Pu Kui ( 蒲葵 ) said that it is not accurate .
According to the Adoption Act , there are strict rules for the adopter , the donor for adoption , the person to be adopted and related conditions .
For example , “ person to be adopted must be less than 14 years of age and must be an orphan who lost both birth parents . ” , and “ Donors for the adoption must be the guardian of orphans , or social welfare agencies , or birth parents who have special difficulties , inability to raise their children . ”
Otherwise , violators may be constituted the crime of human trafficking babies , and subject to criminal charges .
And this man ’s condition did not appear to meet those rules .
In a turn of events that has as its consequence a deep sense of personal relief , Gabriel has finally conceded that the PC is a legitimate gaming platform with the purchase of an incredibly powerful laptop .
I think it was the imminence of Aion that provided the final push - it ’s not the only game , certainly , but one in a list which includes Star Wars :
The Old Republic and is primarily concerned with that subset of electronic entertainment known as “ Online Delights . ”
Even in the beta of Aion , which did n’t have the breadth of customization now available in the retail product , players could create stunningly attractive characters of both sexes .
World of Warcraft characters have always had powerful silhouettes , an extension of Blizzard ’s interface genius , and it ’s easy to tell that their avatars are intended to be bipedal sentients of some kind .
By comparison , when you create your counterpart in Aion , there is the fear that it might escape from your computer and lead a life of its own because it is indistinguishable from a real person .
Female characters in Aion are worthy of particular mention .
We have decided that “ hot ” is too tawdry to represent their ethereal nature , and have decided instead that they are authentically beautiful .
Of course , when I create female characters , it ’s a sign of some furled depravity waiting to burst to its full dimensions .
When he makes one , apparently it ’s the awesome thing to do .
As marketing fluff goes , “ They Were Warned Not To Mistake Grace For Mercy ” is substantially more robust than one expects from a banner ad .
I am currently obsessed with Turntables , but luckily I ’ve had enough actual experience with these devices to understand that actually buying a set would be a fool ’s errand .
It ’s just that I ’ve finally finished Last Night A DJ Saved My Life , and I ’m swollen with the rugged defiance of their renegade praxis .
I would have assumed that something like Beat Juggling ( where a cut from two records can be bounced back and forth to extend it ) was an impossible feat , and ceased to investigate it , but I am often guilty of mistaking the merely unprecedented for the thoroughly impossible .
The movie “ Scratch , ” apparently watchable in its entirety on YouTube , is a mightily enjoyable primer .
You might check the trailer for this director ’s new movie , “ Art & Copy , ” if you would like to invest some fallow moment in a thoroughly enjoyable enterprise .
Oh , and also , JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
( CW ) TB out .
i have to celebrate you
With their guns , uniforms and talent for political theatre , the Black Panthers topped the FBI ’s list of ‘ threats to national security ’ in the 60s .
In 1968 Howard Bingham spent six months trailing and photographing them
For Immediate Release
WASHINGTON – The Libertarian Party today suggested that , in the future , the announcement date every year for Nobel Prizes be moved to April 1 .
“ Unlike the gullible people who listened to The War of the Worlds radio broadcast in 1938 and thought Martians really were attacking the United States , when I heard this morning that Barack Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize , I changed the channel in disbelief .
But , the same thing was being said in multiple places , ” Libertarian National Committee Chairman William Redpath said .
“ The gravity of the Nobel awards has not been augmented by some of their recent selections , including today ’s announcement , last year ’s award of the Economics prize to Paul Krugman , or the 2007 Peace Prize to Al Gore , whose global warming theories he will not defend in open debate .
Maybe an early Springtime announcement date would be more appropriate . ”
Redpath continued , “ I did n’t know that it was the role of the Nobel Peace Prize Committee to be handicapping the future performance of individuals and organizations .
Nonetheless , we congratulate President Obama on his award and hope that three - and - a- quarter or seven - and - a- quarter years from now the Nobel Peace Prize Committee will be seen as prescient .
“ President Obama will best fulfill the promise of peace that the Nobel Committee apparently sees in him by not trying to cure all the ills of the world , but by working to make the United States an example for the other nations of the world through implementation of a Libertarian foreign policy–military non-interventionism combined with free trade policies in fact , and not just in rhetoric .
With those guiding principles , the world will be a freer , safer and more prosperous planet at the conclusion of the Obama Administration . ”
For more information , or to arrange an interview , call LNC executive director Wes Benedict at 202-333-0008 ext. 222 .
The LP is America ’s third - largest political party , founded in 1971 .
The Libertarian Party stands for free markets and civil liberties .
You can find more information on the Libertarian Party at our website .
###
This is a " No Vacation " tournament !
Here 's a tournament for fellow Redditors of the / chess section .
To kick this Tournament off , there will be a prize for First Place .
If the winner is a member of Reddit and does not have a membership to chess.com , I 'll throw a year long gold membership to chess.com your way .
If the winner already has a membership to chess.com , it 'll roll to the next tournament I make .
http://www.reddit.com/r/chess/comments/9q0ee/chesscom_tournament_for_redditors_only_winner/
This is the first tournament I 'm doing , so things might not work out very well , so who knows .
The chances of another interest rate rise have risen sharply after the release of new figures showing the jobless rate fell to 5.7 per cent in September in the latest sign that the nation ’s economic rebound is well under way .
The official unemployment rate had been steady at 5.8 per cent since June .
The latest reading from the Australian Bureau of Statistics surprised economists , who had forecast a rise to 6 per cent .
Michael Pascoe : Jobs hit all - time high
Experts ' view : what the economists say
Read about one person 's struggle to find work
Now , expectations for another interest right rise in November have solidified , with financial markets pricing in a 25 - basis - point rise for Melbourne Cup Day as a near certainty after the Reserve Bank 's 25 basis point hike to official rates on Tuesday .
And yet another rate rise could be in store for December , with markets rating it an 88 per cent chance .
According to data from investment bank Credit Suisse , the RBA 's official cash rate will hit 5 per cent a year from now .
Only those who make their nut one way or the other by pleasing Republicans claim that it is n't .
Jackie Calmes and Michael Cooper are on the case :
Jackie Calmes and Michael Cooper : Now that unemployment has topped 10 percent , some liberal - leaning economists see confirmation of their warnings that the $ 787 billion stimulus package President Obama signed into law last February was way too small .
The economy needs a second big infusion , they say .
No , some conservative - leaning economists counter , we were right :
The package has been wasteful , ineffectual and even harmful to the extent that it adds to the nation ’s debt and crowds out private - sector borrowing .
These long - running arguments have flared now that the White House and Congressional leaders are talking about a new “ jobs bill . ”
But with roughly a quarter of the stimulus money out the door after nine months , the accumulation of hard data and real - life experience has allowed more dispassionate analysts to reach a consensus that the stimulus package , messy as it is , is working .
The legislation , a variety of economists say , is helping an economy in free fall a year ago to grow again and shed fewer jobs than it otherwise would ...
WASHINGTON ( AP ) —
The White House will not commit to health care legislation that would cap insurance premiums or tax benefits , taking a wait - and - see approach as congressional negotiators seek a deal , advisers said Sunday .
President Barack Obama will not demand that a final bill include a government - run plan as a way of driving down costs through competition , though that ’s his preference , they said .
ADVERTISEMENT
” There will be compromise .
There will be legislation , and it will achieve our goals : helping people who have insurance get more security , more accountability for the insurance industry , helping people who do n’t have insurance get insurance they can afford , and lowering the overall cost of the system , ” aide David Axelrod said .
Asked on ABC ’s ” This Week ” if Obama would sign a bill that ended the antitrust exemption for the insurance industry and allow caps on premiums , Axelrod said , ” We ’ll see what Congress does . ”
A 1945 law lets states regulate insurers without federal interference .
Axelrod was similarly noncommittal when pressed about whether Obama would support taxing insurance benefits , a proposal that has brought criticism from labor unions and others .
” I think that this thing is going to be adjusted as we go along , ” he said , ” so let ’s see what the final proposal says before we talk about what the president will or wo n’t sign . ”
The White House and lawmakers are trying to blend five House and Senate committee versions of health care legislation into a bill that will pass both houses .
Near unanimous Republican opposition is expected .
ADVERTISEMENT
At first glance the Glasgow North East by - election result was stupendous for Labour .
The party did not just defend with ease a seat that socially is almost identical to next door Glasgow East , a seat it had lost spectacularly to the SNP only last year .
Its candidate actually managed to win 6 per cent more of the vote than former Speaker , Michael Martin , secured in 2005 .
That makes it Labour 's best by - election result since it came to power in 1997 .
What stronger signal could there be that Gordon Brown has finally turned the electoral corner ?
However , a closer look suggests a somewhat more sober assessment is in order .
One reason is that the comparison with Michael Martin 's vote as Speaker four years ago is a little misleading .
At 53 % his support was unusually low .
Seemingly he lost votes to a Socialist Labour candidate who managed to win no less than 14 % - probably because some voters were confused about who was the ' Labour ' candidate .
When Mr Martin last stood as a Labour candidate , in 1997 , he managed to win no less than 71 % , well ahead of what Labour managed on Thursday .
But the more important reason lies in the way in which Labour secured its success .
Labour 's campaign had two main themes .
First , the party argued its candidate , Willie Bain , was the only candidate living in the constituency , and thus the only one who really understood the needs and concerns of one of the most socially deprived parts of Scotland .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Second they focused on a claim that the SNP Scottish Government was ' ripping off Glasgow ' .
Labour presented itself as a vehicle to express discontent with the incumbent government in Edinburgh , rather than as the party in power in Westminster , while the SNP struggled to cope with having a record to defend .
Labour played much the same hand in the last Scottish by - election in Glenrothes a year ago .
There too it achieved unexpected success .
But it is not a hand that can be played in England , where there is no ambiguity about who is in power .
There Labour has no option other than to defend its own record , and then it runs into trouble , as illustrated by its heavy defeat in Norwich North last summer .
And of course it is in England , not Scotland , that next spring 's general election will be won and lost .
Moreover , in England the challenge to Labour next year will come from a very different direction - from David Cameron 's Conservatives .
In Scotland that challenge is still largely noticeable by its absence .
The Tories could do no more than just manage to save their deposit in Glasgow North East and just avoid being overtaken by the BNP .
Their vote was even down on what they managed to secure locally in 1997 , when the party suffered a whitewash north of the border .
It seems almost inevitable that any government led by Mr Cameron will be backed by no more than a handful of Scottish MPs .
Such limited excitement as there was during the final phase of the campaign was generated by rumours that the BNP were going to make a breakthrough .
Hitherto , the party has struggled to make much impact in Scotland , where ' Britishness ' lacks the potential poplar appeal it has in England .
Nevertheless , Glasgow North East , which has been home to a significant number of asylum seekers , had already proved something of a ' hotspot ' for the party .
In the event its 4.9 % of the vote was only a little above the 4.3 % it won locally in the European elections in June .
Little sign here , it seems , of a ' Question Time ' effect .
John Curtice is Professor of Politics , Strathclyde University
VOICE ONE :
This is Steve Ember .
VOICE TWO :
And this is Shirley Griffith with the VOA Special English program EXPLORATIONS .
Today we visit the desert of the American Southwest to learn about a group of people called the Shadow Wolves .
(( INDIAN MUSIC ) )
VOICE ONE :
A Shadow Wolf is hunting .
He is not looking for animals .
He is hunting people .
Studying a fiber left on the end of a plant :
Did it come from clothes ?
Or from burlap used for transporting marijuana ?
The Shadow Wolf walks slowly across the extremely hot desert sand .
His eyes move slowly over the ground .
Most people would only see sand , dirt , rocks and some small plants .
The Shadow Wolf sees a story .
He looks closely at the ground .
He can tell that five men passed this way .
Four of them carried heavy loads .
He can also tell they are moving quickly .
They are not yet running , but they are moving as fast as their heavy loads permit .
One is not carrying a heavy load .
The Shadow Wolf knows this person is the group¡¯s leader .
The Shadow Wolf increases his own speed across the dry , hot desert .
Soon , he can tell that the five men are running .
They know he is following them .
Moments later , in the far distance , a group of birds suddenly flies away from the ground .
The five men have frightened the birds .
The Shadow Wolf slowly pulls out his radio and calls for help .
The five men are captured within an hour .
They are arrested for trying to bring illegal drugs into the United States .
Once again , the Shadow Wolf hunters of the United States Customs Service have been successful .
VOICE TWO
For thousands of years , people were hunter - gatherers .
They survived by hunting wild animals and gathering kinds of food that were not easily found .
Their hunting skills were extremely important .
The ancient hunter - gatherers of the world learned to follow the signs or marks left on the ground as animals moved along a path .
This skill is called tracking .
A good tracker would often spend days following the signs of a group of animals until he could make a successful kill for food .
VOICE ONE :
These skills have disappeared in most of the modern world .
Yet , special members of the United States Customs Service use them to find and arrest people who try to sell illegal drugs .
These Customs Service agents are Native Americans .
The group is called the Shadow Wolves .
There are Eighteen men and one woman in the group .
They belong to a number of different tribes , including Tohono O¡ ¯Odham ( tuh - HO - no ode - um ) , Navajo ( NA - veh - ho ) , Lakota , Omaha , Pima ( PEE - mah ) , Yorock ( YORE - ock ) and Sac&fox ( sack n' fox ) .
Trackers on the Tohono O'Odham reservation in southern Arizona .
( Customs Service photos - James R. Tourtellotte )
The Shadow Wolves live by a saying that tells a lot about them and their work .
The saying is , ¡ ±In brightest day , in darkest night , no evil shall escape my sight , for I am the Shadow Wolf .¡±
(( INDIAN MUSIC ) )
VOICE TWO :
The Shadow Wolves have been members of the United States Custom Service for about thirty years .
They work on the second largest area of American Indian land in the United States .
It is called the Tohono O¡ ¯Odham Reservation .
It is a few kilometers west of the city of Tucson , in the southwestern state of Arizona .
The huge reservation shares a one - hundred - twenty - kilometer border with Mexico .
People who want to sell illegal drugs in the United States carry the drugs on their backs across the desert land of the Tohono O¡¯odham Reservation .
They try to move from the border to the nearest road , about forty kilometers away .
Usually about three or four people carry the drugs through the reservation at night .
Their shoes leave marks in the dirt .
The Shadow Wolves follow these shoe marks to find the drug dealers and arrest them .
The Shadow Wolves have been very successful at this .
VOICE ONE :
The Congress of the United States approved the idea of the Shadow Wolves thirty years ago for several reasons .
Police agencies in Arizona and the United States Custom Service had all the modern technology needed to help catch people who tried to sell illegal drugs .
But they lacked the skills of the ancient hunter - gatherers who could follow the signs left by people as they passed through the desert .
Customs Service officials knew drug dealers were coming across the border and into the Tohono O¡ ¯Odham Reservation .
The government asked Indians who lived on the reservation to help in the fight against the drug dealers .
The first members of the Shadow Wolves were members of the Tohono O¡ ¯Odham tribe .
A few years ago , the first members of the unusual group began to retire .
The group asked if skilled trackers from other tribes wanted to become Shadow Wolves .
The answer was yes .
VOICE TWO :
The Shadow Wolves do not use only their ancient tracking skills .
They also use modern devices that help them see in the dark .
They use modern radios to communicate .
They use airplanes , helicopters and other methods of transportation in their work .
They have a very good record .
In the first fifteen days of March two - thousand - one , the Shadow Wolves tracked and captured almost one - thousand - fifty kilograms of illegal drugs .
In the following six months , they captured more than eighteen - thousand kilograms of illegal drugs .
One day in April of this year , they seized dealers carrying more than one - million - six - hundred - thousand dollars worth of drugs through the Tohono O¡ ¯Odham Reservation .
(( MUSIC BRIDGE ) )
VOICE ONE :
The Shadow Wolves main task is finding and stopping illegal drug dealers .
Sometimes they are asked to help rescue people who become lost in the desert .
Three of the Shadow Wolves are Gary Ortega , Jason Garcia and Lambert Cross .
Lambert Cross has been a tracker for almost thirty years .
In two - thousand - one , the three Shadow Wolves saved the life of a little boy who had become lost in the desert .
The child and his dog left their home and walked into the desert .
No one could find them .
Search aircraft were used .
Experts with dogs were called .
The aircraft and the dog experts searched but could not find the little boy .
The three Shadow Wolves then joined the search .
They found very little evidence of the boy in the desert .
But they found just enough for them to begin tracking the child .
They continued to follow the marks left by the little boy until they found him and his dog .
They returned them to their home .
VOICE TWO :
The Shadow Wolves also share their skills with other law agencies .
Jason Garcia and two other members of the group traveled to Kosovo .
They trained border guards there to track people who deal in stolen weapons .
They also helped train police and border guards in Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan .
The police and border guards in those countries were often surprised when the Shadow Wolves began teaching them ancient methods of tracking .
The Shadow Wolves say the police and guards expected to learn how to use some kind of modern electronic equipment .
Instead they were taught ancient hunting skills .
VOICE ONE :
Bryan Nez is from the Navajo tribe .
He has worked with the Shadow Wolves group for twelve years .
He learned to track as a child .
Mister Nez says he learned more by finding lost children and people on holiday who became lost in the desert .
Other Customs Officers say it is interesting to watch him work .
Most people would not see anything unusual in an area .
Yet , Mister Nez sees a lot of evidence of people passing through .
He says anyone can be followed because they leave signs on the ground .
He says he can follow them even at night , or over rocks .
Sometimes , he says , the evidence he needs is something that he sees .
Other times the evidence is something that he does not see .
Sometimes it is just a feeling that he has .
VOICE TWO :
The work of the Shadow Wolves is dangerous .
Sometimes the illegal drug dealers carry weapons .
Shots have been fired more than once .
Each of the Shadow Wolves wears a small gray colored feather on his clothing .
It reminds them that their work can be dangerous .
It also honors Shadow Wolf Glenn Miles .
He was shot and killed by illegal drug dealers in nineteen - eighty - seven .
The person responsible for the crime was never caught .
Several of the Shadow Wolves followed the killer .
The signs he left on the ground crossed the Mexican border nine kilometers from where the shooting took place .
VOICE ONE :
Each month , the Shadow Wolves find hundreds of kilograms of illegal drugs and arrest those carrying the drugs .
The group knows it will never catch all the criminals who try to move illegal drugs through their area .
However , the Shadow Wolves will continue to prove that ancient skills can be used to solve modern crimes .
(( INDIAN MUSIC , FADES INTO THEME ) )
VOICE TWO :
This program was written by Paul Thompson .
It was produced by Cynthia Kirk .
This is Shirley Griffith .
VOICE ONE :
And this is Steve Ember .
Join us again next week for another EXPLORATIONS program in Special English on the Voice of America
-----
This V - O - A Explorations Report is published courtesy of VOAnews.com
The infamous was taken down today by the Dutch anti-piracy agency , although it appears the site has been available sporadically throughout the day , and is available , at least here in the U.S , as of writing .
The agency managed to block access to the site on an international scale and was proud . added BREIN director Tim Kuik .is reporting that The Pirate Bay should be up and running for good now , as they have moved to the ISP , a nuclear war bunker in the Netherlands that can withstand a nuclear strike as well as an EMP blast .
And they certainly wo n't cave to threats from BREIN. owner Sven Kamphuis added .
Of the 8,195 banks in this nation , just four , JPMorgan Chase ( NYSE : JPM ) , Citigroup ( NYSE : C ) , Wells Fargo ( NYSE : WFC ) , and Bank of America ( NYSE : BAC ) control nearly 40 % of the deposits .
Those four , plus Goldman Sachs ( NYSE : GS ) , hold 97 % of the industry 's notional derivative exposure .
These statistics would be hilarious if they were n't true , and if the banks behind them did n't have the power to manipulate vast portions of the economy .
We spent the latter half of 2008 feeling the wrath of " too big to fail . "
Today , banks are bigger than ever .
We need to end that .
Now .
Here 's why
We all know the downside of " too big to fail . "
They screw up ; we pay the price .
Yet many people ( mostly bankers ) still defend the practice .
So rather than firing off reasons why " too big to fail " is such a menace -- you already know those -- we 'll refute the arguments defending it .
Start with the first argument -- that post - Lehman , the problem has evaporated .
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon , for example , recently argued that his bank was n't too big to fail .
Wrong .
JPMorgan
Chase is not very likely to fail at the moment , but let 's not pretend that the eruption of its balance sheet , with more than $ 79 trillion in notional derivative exposure ( we 're not making that number up ) would n't annihilate everything in sight .
Plus , we 'll remind you that AIG , Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , Citigroup , Washington Mutual , Fannie Mae , and Freddie Mac all once gave off the impression of being " not very likely to fail , " too .
Overcoming the notion that last fall 's financial crisis was a random , one - off event is perhaps the most crucial aspect of stabilizing the financial industry .
Last fall was no fluke .
It will happen again .
Moving on to the grittier arguments , Dimon has also been quoted as saying : " Large businesses are large for a reason .
You ca n't do an $ 8 billion loan if you are a small bank . "
No , but can't eight smaller banks lend $ 1 billion each ?
And that way , would n't competition flourish , since those smaller banks would all bid against each other on loan terms ?
Increasing the number of competitive banks does n't reduce the total amount of capital in the financial system .
There were huge , prosperous , industrial companies far before there were banks with multitrillion - dollar balance sheets .
We think it 's plainly clear that the overall economy fared far better when three or four banks did n't hold the economy in a headlock .
In fact , this seems utterly obvious to everyone except the big banks .
Like Dimon , other advocates of too - big - to - fail banks like to cite vague , specious evidence .
Here are the reasons we hear most often :
" Big banks are more efficient "
This would be a good point -- if it were true .
But the evidence suggests otherwise .
From a Federal Reserve survey of thirty - nine studies on merger performance from 1980 to 1993 : " The findings point strongly to a lack of improvement in efficiency or profitability as a result of bank mergers , and these findings are robust both within and across studies and over time . "
Ouch .
More recent studies -- even the one selectively quoted by a prominent too - big - to - fail advocate -- reveal similar findings : " Efficiency does not significantly increase with bank size as one might expect if economies of scale are an important determinant of success . "
If size were a significant advantage , you would expect large banks to be doing really well .
But over the past two years we 've seen just the opposite , as every single major convoluted bank not only failed , but failed so spectacularly that they had to be bailed out by the government .
Most smaller , regional banks that did n't run massive blind , drunk trading desks fared far better .
" Our broken - up banks will have a competitive disadvantage to sprawling foreign banks "
This point assumes that there are advantages to scale , which , as we 've seen , is probably false .
Moreover , it 's become irrelevant since Europe , which recognizes the risks big banks pose , has the courage to break up theirs -- the list so far includes Lloyds , Royal Bank of Scotland , Northern Rock , and ING .
" Large , sprawling multinationals need large , sprawling banks "
It 's curious that the financial - services industry would be the only one whose customers want their suppliers to be powerful and consolidated .
In reality , there 's a reason why large companies do n't do all of their business with a single bank -- you have more risk and less bargaining power when you rely on fewer suppliers .
Peter Boone and Simon Johnson note that General Electric 's ( NYSE : GE ) 2008 stock offering used seven lead managers , while Microsoft 's ( Nasdaq : MSFT )
May bond offering used seven lead and joint lead managers .
Smaller companies also like to spread their business around .
That 's why you do n't see any companies , other than the major banks , up in arms about the possibility of banks being broken up .
They would benefit from greater competition and financial stability .
Remember , advocates of the current system have to show that the size and complexity of too - big - to - fail banks provide benefits that are worth more than seven million jobs and trillions of taxpayer dollars , plus whatever economic devastation future crises cause .
But they still have not given us any good reason to keep these giant Bankensteins around , much less one that justifies these tremendous costs .
So if efficiency is n't the question , why would the CEOs of banks be so gung - ho about becoming large and in charge ?
Sometimes a pair of simple tables tells a powerful story :
JPMorgan Chase ( $ 2 trillion in total assets )
Year Return on Assets CEO Compensation 2005 0.7 % $ 22.3 million 2006 1.1 % $ 39.1 million 2007 1.1 % $ 34.3 million 2008 0.2 % $ 19.7 million
Source : Capital IQ , a division of Standard & Poor's .
Bank of the Ozarks ( $ 2.9 billion in total assets )
Year Return on Assets CEO Compensation 2005 1.6 % $ 464,997 2006 1.4 % $ 774,064 2007 1.2 % $ 825,588 2008 1.2 % $ 912,336
Source : Capital IQ , a division of Standard & Poor's .
If you 're a CEO , you do n't build dynastic wealth for yourself by being small and nimble .
You do it by being an enormous , sledgehammer - wielding giant .
Those who do n't have a vested interest in the matter often agree .
Paul Volcker , Alan Greenspan , and Mervyn King , Governor of the Bank of England , have all argued we need to break up the banks and / or stop them from running proprietary trading desks .
Heck , even John Reed , the former chairman of Citigroup who got the bank - regulating Glass - Steagall act repealed , wants it back :
I 'm sorry ….
We learn from our mistakes ….
I would compartmentalize the industry for the same reason you compartmentalize ships .
If you have a leak , the leak does n't spread and sink the whole vessel .
Help us out here
We simply want to see one , logical , clear explanation for why we should n't break the banks apart -- or bring back Glass - Steagall , separating investment banking and trading activities from commercial banking .
Just one .
So far , the popular explanation is , " Well , it would n't solve all of our problems . "
Neither does outlawing theft , but that does n't mean we should pooh - pooh its importance .
In our opinion , no one has rationally shown why the economy is better off when three or four banks dominate the land , as opposed to breaking them apart , ending " too big to fail , " and letting competition run free .
In fact , the evidence seems to thoroughly disprove it .
We 're fairly certain there 's one real reason why we have n't found the courage to take these necessary steps .
Everyone in Washington must know that any such effort will invite a flotilla of banking lobbyists to come sailing in , cannons blazing , threatening to undermine campaigns and derail re-elections .
Heck , we'd be scared of them , too .
We just want someone to name that fear as the reason why a handful of banks continue to hold the economy hostage .
And if that is n't the reason , please tell us what is .
We 're dying to hear .
To help Congress along , we 'll make sure each and every one of its 535 members gets a copy of this article in their email inbox , so they 'll have a chance to speak up and defend our current financial system .
We 've also sent this article to the major banks and their trade associations .
Members can respond to either of the email addresses we 've provided below .
We 're waiting .
In the meantime , we can all call our Senators and tell them to support the SAFE Banking Act , which would put a hard cap size on too - big - to - fail Wall Street banks .
Click here for your Senator 's phone number .
There is also a major petition going around in support of the SAFE Banking Act , which you can sign here .
Ilan Moscovitz and Morgan Housel have no financial interest in any company mentioned in this article .
Microsoft is an Inside Value recommendation .
Motley Fool Options recommended a diagonal call on Microsoft .
The Motley Fool is investors writing for investors .
BUENOS AIRES N.W.R. , Arizona | Michael M. Hawkes , manager of the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge , reaches across his desk and pulls out a homemade blue - and - red bumper sticker that reads , “ Littering is always a crime . ”
It turns out that here on the U.S. - Mexico border , even that is a controversial statement — because it ’s aimed at the humanitarian groups that drop gallon jugs of water on public lands to help illegal immigrants crossing the rugged borderlands .
Mr. Hawkes says dealing with those groups now takes up most of his time , and it only builds on top of the pile of other pressures — an army of illegal immigrants and drug smugglers , some of them armed , facing off against the U.S. Border Patrol — that have transformed his wildlife sanctuary into ground zero for the nation ’s immigration wars .
Situated in the middle of southern Arizona , Buenos Aires is among the hardest - hit .
But the same story is repeated across the U.S. - Mexico border on refuges , Indian reservations , national forests and the rest of the federal lands that make up 40 percent of the boundary between the two countries .
The clear losers in the clash are the land , and the plants and animals that live on the edge in this beautiful but precarious environment — innocent bystanders caught up in an escalating , seemingly endless war between the immigrants , smugglers and the drug cartels and the authorities charged with catching them .
•••
An estimated 300,000 illegal immigrants traversed Buenos Aires ’ 118,000 acres in 2007 , leaving tons of trash , rusting abandoned cars , biologically hazardous waste and vehicle tracks that reduced parts of the landscape to a dusty wasteland .
That hurts just about every aspect of the refuge ’s mission , which was established in 1985 to try to preserve the endangered masked bobwhite quail , one of seven endangered species on the refuge .
In the last two years , though , border security has been built up , with more manpower and a fence across the entire refuge boundary with Mexico .
The result , according to Mr. Hawkes :
The number of illegal crossers dropped to 20,600 in fiscal year 2009 , or just 7 percent of what it was in 2007 .
Abandoned cars dropped from 100 in 2007 to zero in the most recent 12 - month period .
The land near the fence is already recovering .
“ I ’ve heard a lot of conservationists down on the fence .
From my standpoint , it ’s been a blessing for this refuge , it really has , ” Mr. Hawkes said .
“ I ’m the black sheep of the bunch because I think [ Border Patrol is ] doing a great job . ”
But environmentalists counter that while individual species might be helped — the lesser long - nosed bat , for example , which had at one point been ousted from its roosting cave on Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge in western Arizona — that ’s more than offset by the overall disruption to species migration .
Dan Millis with the Sierra Club ’s Borderlands Campaign points to a stack of photos documenting desert toads , roadrunners and mule deer staring forlornly at the fence , apparently blocked in their efforts to be on the other side .
“ Hands down , the security effort to try to stop the flow of undocumented immigration is , and always has been , from our perspective , far more damaging to the environment than the flow of migrants themselves , ” he said .
“ The fact is , this trash and these footpaths are really a short - term problem that has a quick fix in terms of pick up the trash , rehabilitate the paths , ” he said .
“ This border wall does not have a quick fix , and in fact is having a very negative environmental impact that is causing extreme damage now . ”
Academic work on the problem is just beginning .
A study earlier this year by Aaron D. Flesch , a graduate student at the University of Montana , suggested that the cactus ferruginous pygmy - owl , which was at one point listed as an endangered species , generally flies far lower than the height of the border fence — suggesting that the species ’ population could be split in two .
The same study also found that Desert Bighorn Sheep could face localized extinctions because populations are cut off from one another by fencing .
•••
There are lives at stake here .
Each year , dozens of immigrants unable to handle miles - long walks through heat that averages 100 - degree highs in the summer are found dead on public lands .
Thousands more give up and light signal fires or use emergency - call stations to summon help .
To combat that , humanitarian groups regularly cart water out to the remote regions of the border .
And that ’s what prompted Mr. Hawkes to print up his “ Littering is always a crime ” bumper sticker .
It was meant to send a message to one group in particular , No More Deaths , a volunteer group that had dropped the water jugs along popular immigrant trails through the refuge , and who named its campaign “ Humanitarian Aid Is Never a Crime . ”
“ They ’ve become just as much of a problem as the illegals , ” Mr. Hawkes said .
It ’s so bad that he ’s asked — and the local U.S. attorney has agreed — to take the littering cases to court .
Two men have been convicted , and more than a dozen are awaiting trial .
The Rev. Gene Lefebvre , who works with No More Deaths , said the group has asked that the littering cases be dropped .
And after operating outside the law , they ’re now in negotiations with Mr. Hawkes to try to get official sanction for their activities .
Mr. Lefebvre says his group had a brief meeting with Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and since then , negotiations with Mr. Hawkes on a compromise have made progress .
No More Deaths has even offered to haul out trash every time they go in with their water jugs , and to make sure they carry out more than they carry in .
“ Border Patrol is not our enemy .
Neither is Mike .
We want to come out of this with a solution that lets more migrants live , and we ’ll be happy with that , and make every effort on the environmental side to make Mike ’s jobs better , ” he said .
•••
For years , the rugged , remote nature of southern Arizona was its main protection against incursions by illegal immigrants .
It was far easier for immigrants to go through more populated areas in California and Texas , so Arizona was spared .
But in the 1990s , the Border Patrol closed down those urban corridors , pushing the illegal flows straight into Arizona and the most fragile parts of the Sonoran Desert .
The drug smugglers soon followed suit .
The cartels ’ ability to adapt to the changing circumstances north of the border is remarkable .
One innovation was to post spotters inside the U.S. , oftentimes on federal lands , to keep track of Border Patrol and other law enforcement movements .
The one - man rock nest on a ridgeline overlooking Interstate 8 at Milemarker 141 is typical .
The spot is well - camouflaged and if it were n’t for the pile of empty Bud Light cans and water bottles with Spanish labels , almost impossible to spot unless you knew exactly where to look .
The smuggling cartels have thousands of these lookouts stations across southern Arizona , manned by low - level employees or people who owe a debt to the cartel .
“ They ’re everywhere .
On the smuggling corridors , most of the high points that give a good perspective of the smuggling routes or trails , there are lookouts in those areas , ” said Patrick Brasington , the chief law enforcement officer for the Bureau of Land Management ’s Phoenix office , which oversees the land near Milemarker 141 .
That brazen approach extends to the fragile landscape as well .
Mr. Brasington said smugglers have actually cut a miles - long , two - track road through wilderness on BLM land , moving rocks and flush - cutting to the ground trees , brush and cactus .
Mr. Brasington described one vehicle where smugglers had apparently tried but failed to change flat tires and instead left it propped up on boulders .
“ They just devastated this area .
It looked like a football field , where people had been playing there in the mud for months , ” he said .
In Ironwood Forest National Monument , haulers used to collect 40,000 to 50,000 pounds of trash a year .
But in the fiscal year that just ended that dropped to 30,000 pounds — parts of the monument are just too dangerous for contractors to pick up the trash .
•••
The public lands agencies are well aware of that danger to their employees .
Mr. Hawkes said two state game wardens were shot at on his wildlife refuge last year , and law enforcement reports over the years detail other dangerous run-ins , including the death of Park Service Ranger Kris Eggle , gunned down on Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument in 2002 by a drug cartel hit man fleeing Mexico .
It has gotten so bad that agencies require employees here to take special training , and have issued special rules on how to operate .
The U.S. Forest Service warns managers not to send employees out on nighttime assignments , while the Fish and Wildlife Service said a law enforcement escort is required for employees working at night .
Despite those rules , hunters , campers , hikers and tourists enjoying the public lands do n’t see those same warnings .
Instead , the most common alert they see is a road sign such as the one near Ironwood Forest National Monument that reads : “ Travel caution : smuggling and illegal immigration may be encountered in this area . ”
A 2002 report by a drug task force in Arizona described what civilians have faced on public lands : carjacking and robbery , having rocks thrown at them and having their homes along the border invaded by immigrants looking for food , money or anything else they can carry .
Except for the occasional sign or Web site notice , the Interior Department does not publicize how dangerous the borders can be .
But a department employee did collect partial data up until he retired in late 2008 .
According to his figures , more than 99 percent of all marijuana seized on or near department lands over the last three years was seized along the border .
The borderlands also accounted for more than 90 percent of the cocaine and more than 90 percent of vehicles seized and stolen vehicles recovered on Interior Department lands .
The border region accounted for about a quarter of the threats or violent incidents recorded in all the country ’s national parks , wildlife refuges , BLM land and Indian reservations , even though the borderlands account for a minuscule fraction of total department lands .
The agencies say there ’s a reason they issue the extra warnings to their own staffs :
They fear that being government employees makes them particular targets .
The Fish and Wildlife Service ’s new instructions issued earlier this month advise employees not to wear uniforms or any other official insignia while doing fieldwork .
Mr. Hawkes had his own , odd run-in .
Two weeks after he moved into a trailer home on the refuge , an immigrant broke in while Mr. Hawkes was out — and helped himself to a leftover dinner .
The man ate pork and beans , he stole Mr. Hawkes ‘ new sneakers , a cell phone and the phone ’s charger — and then he washed the dishes he ’d used , and wrote a note asking Mr. Hawkes to view his actions with compassion .
“ It ’s just a matter of time until someone gets murdered , raped , shot , ” Mr. Hawkes said .
•••
Even the supporters of the border fence acknowledge it ’s not a cure - all .
Mr. Hawkes said the flow of immigrants on his refuge now looks like an hourglass , with the wall preventing incursions at the southern end , but with the immigrants and smugglers bleeding back onto his land farther north .
And he says the fence — which extends a mile on either side of his refuge , but then turns into vehicle barriers — could end up hurting some of the refuge ’s species if it were built farther out .
He says he ’s hoping the better technology promised by SBInet , the much - anticipated but long - delayed “ virtual fence ” the government has been promising , will be the answer to the competing challenges of security and resource management .
The only problem : SBInet is proceeding very slowly , thanks in part to the need to comply with environmental laws .
Those laws have always been a thorn in the side of the Border Patrol , illustrating again the clash of interests between law enforcement and environmental stewardship .
One Border Patrol agent recalled a few years back when the agency wanted to begin horse patrols on Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument .
The Park Service , which runs the monument , came back with a strange demand : that the horses be fed with seedless alfalfa , so that when they defecated they would n’t be bringing in seeds of an invasive species .
More recently , Congress had to give the Homeland Security secretary authority to waive three dozen environmental laws to help expedite construction of the fence .
But the fights go on .
In a report last month , the Government Accountability Office said the Homeland Security and the Interior departments have been feuding over how much information the Border Patrol should provide to obtain environmental permits to build towers on public lands .
The issue has since erupted onto the House and Senate floors .
Sen .
Tom Coburn , Oklahoma Republican , attached an amendment to a Senate spending bill this year that would make sure wilderness designations are n’t used to keep the Border Patrol agents from doing their job .
“ The tragedy is that the very intent of the Department of Interior to protect the environment is actually being made worse by their policy of not allowing law enforcement efforts , i.e. , the Border Patrol , into those areas , ” Mr. Coburn argued .
His amendment was accepted unanimously by the Senate , but still must survive a final House - Senate compromise bill .
On the House side , Republicans managed to attach an amendment to a national heritage area designation in Arizona that says the Department of Homeland Security must be consulted in such matters .
“ I do n’t think Americans really know that when a Border Patrol agent crosses into a national park , he has to get out of his car , park it and walk , ” said Rep. Rob Bishop , the Utah Republican who has been leading the fight to give Border Patrol greater operating freedom .
“ I do n’t think they realize that the Border Patrol has to consult with the National Park Service before they can put up an antenna on that border . ”
•••
Nowhere are the fights between security and public lands managers more acute than those places officially designated as “ wilderness ” — a heightened level of protection for places the government deems so pristine they should be preserved in that state , free from man-made intrusions .
Once land is given the wilderness designation , tough new rules go into effect for permissible activities there .
The no -nos include building or improving roads and putting up permanent structures like towers — exactly what the Border Patrol needs to do .
One Border Patrol agent recalled as a young agent 10 years ago , agents were not above cutting their own trails on those lands if it meant easier access and more apprehensions .
“ We had people driving across , creating little two - tracks to get roads in there .
I was the idiot driving .
We ’ve progressed past that , way past , ” the agent said .
Land managers and law enforcement officers like Mr. Brasington agreed that cooperation is better today between their agencies and the Border Patrol than ever before .
The agencies have reached several memorandums of understanding , and in some cases the Border Patrol has even paid to rehabilitate land they ’ve affected , or paid to have the agencies improve roads in non-wilderness areas .
“ What ’s working really well is the education part for Homeland Security folks , ” Mr. Brasington said .
“ They have opened their doors to us in the past couple years to come in and educate the officers , explain to them what a wilderness area is .
…
I do n’t think I ’m seeing new damage caused by Border Patrol or the other folks who patrol our area . ”
Mark South , a former Forest Service employee who decades ago wrote the guidelines for some of the wilderness designations here , now thinks efforts to write new wilderness into law go too far .
“ Tell me , which is doing more damage to the environment : the fence or the people coming through , the trails , the litter , the water bottles ? ” he said .
“ I think now , with what we ’re seeing along the border , trying to preserve anything beyond the existing laws now is pointless .
Are wilderness needed ?
Yeah .
How much is too much ? ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Mr. Golb ’s father is Norman Golb , a professor at the University of Chicago and a critic of claims that the Dead Sea Scrolls were the work of a sect called the Essenes , thought to have lived near the Qumran caves where the scrolls were found .
Professor Golb has suggested that the scrolls were actually the product of several libraries in Jerusalem and were taken to the caves around the time the city fell to the Romans in the year 70 .
This is not a dispute for the fainthearted .
Golb the Son has taken up his father ’s cause with all the vigor permitted by multiple Gmail accounts .
When he was arrested , Mr. Golb was asked by prosecutors if he wrote under the name “ Charles Gadda , ” one of the most visible Internet advocates for his father .
He would not answer directly .
“ They would say that my father is doing it or asking me to do it , ” Mr. Golb said , according to court papers .
“ My father certainly never asked me to do anything of the kind . ”
But he allowed that “ Charles Gadda ” was doing pretty well .
“ Do you realize that the Charles Gadda articles have been read by thousands of people ? ” Mr. Golb continued .
“ I know that , because I look at them , it says on them . ”
The Internet is , of course , both gold mine and sludge pile , where people lie about their ages , their abilities , the world .
The prosecutors say that by adopting all those false identities , Mr. Golb was trying to obtain a benefit , and so committed criminal impersonation , identity theft and aggravated harassment .
But Mr. Golb ’s lawyers maintain that there was no tangible benefit , and therefore no crime .
“ Gaining an advantage in academic debate about the Dead Sea Scrolls is not the kind of benefit required by the law , ” said Ronald Kuby , one of the defense lawyers .
But what about the injury Mr. Golb apparently tried to inflict on Lawrence H. Schiffman , the chairman of Judaic studies at N.Y.U.?
Someone wrote from larry.schiffman@gmail.com to Professor Schiffman ’s graduate students and dean , alerting them to an article that suggested he had committed plagiarism .
Perhaps two things go without saying :
The article was actually written under one of Raphael Golb ’s pseudonyms , and Professor Schiffman has been critical of the theories of Golb père .
“ Berlin ’s Boys Noize aka Alex Ridha takes to the turntables for two hours of supercharged house & techno ! ”
Hotfile download up for now .
Check out other Essential mixes in my archive and subscribe to the feed to get good music in the future .
You can follow Core News on Facebook and Twitter .
BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix 2009 10 10 Boys Noize [ Filesonic download ]
Tracklist :
1. Kenny Larkin “ Rubbernotes ” ( Plus 8 Records )
2. Dj Funk “ F** U Later ” ( Dancemania )
3. Boc Productions “ Fall In Love ” ( Alan Braxe Remix ) ( Chez Records )
4. Fanton “ Faithful ” ( Source )
5. Gene Farris “ Disco Heaven ” ( Ian Pooley Mix 2 ) ( Force Inc . )
5. Unknown Artist “ Me And My Peoples Eyes ” ( White Lable )
6. Tres Demented “ Brainfreeze ” ( Planet E )
7. Kenlou 4 “ Mack Daddy Shoot ” ( MAW )
7. Ian Pooley “ The Allnighter ” ( NRK )
7. Neon Lights “ House Of Funk ” ( Jinxx Records )
8. Zongamin “ Spiral ” ( XL )
9. Sylvester “ Baby , Letâ€™s Trip Out ” ( Secret Mixes Fixes Vol.9 )
10 . We ’re Lofty Volt “ Alter Flawâ€ ( RVNG Intl . )
11 . In Flagranti “ Iâ€™m Sorry , Iâ€™m Terribly Sensitive ” ( Codek )
12 . Kiki “ Gas ” ( Bpitch Control )
13 . Cassius “ La Mouch ” ( DJ Falcon Vs. Harry Choo Choo Romeo Edit ) ( Virgin )
14 . DJ Duke ” Bonus ” ( Big Big Trax )
15 . Dave Angel “ Tokyo Stealth Fighter ” ( Carl Craig Remx ) ( 4th & Broadway )
16 . Matias Aguayo “ Bo Jack ” ( Instrumental ) ( Comeme )
17 . Errorsmith “ Stiff Neck ” ( Errorsmith )
18 . Feadz “ Lisborg Error ” ( Ed Banger )
19 . Plasticman “ Hypokondriak ” ( Minus )
20 . Ricardo Villalobos “ Dexter ” ( Playhouse )
21 . Sweet Light “ Mecaniques Remontees ” ( Freak N Chic )
22 . Cajmere “ Come ” ( Green Velvet Mix ) ( Cajual Records )
23 . Paul Jacobs “ Motocross Madness ” ( Aquarius Records )
24 . Geoffrey Williams “ Sex Life ” ( Armand Van Helden Remix ) ( Hands On ) Records
25 . Like A Time “ Like 6 ” ( Like Records )
26 . Thomas Bangalter “ What To Do ” ( Roule )
27 . Daft Punk “ Burninâ€ ™ ” ( Ian Pooley Remix ) ( Virgin )
28 . CZR “ Chicago Southside ” ( International House Records )
29 . Hugo Moya “ Move ” ( Relief Records )
30 . Track Stars “ Horns & Bass ” ( Wanted Records )
31 . Jeff Mills “ The Bells ” ( Axis Records )
32 . Dustin Zahn “ Stranger ” ( Rekids )
33 . Speedy J “ Lee Mitten Menu ” ( Novamute )
34 . Modeselektor “ Turn Deaf ” ( Bpitch Control )
35 . Rheingold “ Dreiklangsdimensionen ” ( Welt Rekord / EMI )
36 . Soundhack â€ œSoundhackâ€ ( Soundhack )
37 . Ben Klock “ Goodly Sin ” ( Robert Hood Remix ) ( Ostgut Ton )
38 . Theo Parrish “ Lake Shore Drive ” ( Sound Signature )
39 . Untold “ Stop What You Are Doing ” ( Hemlock )
40 . Feadz “ On All Forth ” ( Bpitch Control )
41 . DJ Godfather â€ œUnknownâ€ ( Databass )
42 . Ghetto Classics Vol 2 “ Aceler8 ” ( Dance Mania )
43 . Benga “ Go Tell Them ” ( Tempa )
44 . Benga ” Night ” ( Tempa )
45 . Untold “ I Cant Stop ” ( Hessle Audio )
46 . Rude 66 “ Die StÃ¤rke Der Vernichteten SchlÃ¤ge ” ( Bunker )
47 . DJ Koze “ Donâ€™t Feed The Cat ” ( Kompakt )
Help keeping the site running - Support Core News :)
The Herald can today reveal the full extent of the internal politics that have pitted the guardians of the club ’s future against the financial institution that has now assumed day - to - day control over the crippling financial affairs in an effort to recoup their £ 30 m .
Alastair Johnston , the new chairman , Martin Bain , the chief executive , and the rest of the Rangers board are steadfastly resistant to the brutal worst - case scenario outlined by the bank at the last board meeting .
Unless a new owner can be found imminently -- and Dave King , the South Africa - based businessman , has re-entered negotiations to assume control -- the bank will insist on administering drastic surgery to the ailing club at the end of the season .
Put simply , every first - team asset would be sold to the highest bidder and no contracts sanctioned unless King , or other potential investors , can agree a price with Lloyds and stave off the threat of administration .
Sources at Ibrox have confirmed that only a takeover within the next six months will prevent a mass exodus .
Walter Smith , whose contract expires in January , will steadfastly refuse to preside over such a debilitating cull , which would include the transfers of such established pillars as Madjid Bougherra , Allan McGregor , Pedro Mendes and Steven Davis .
Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall , widely regarded as favourites to succeed the 61 - year - old when he leaves -- which could occur as soon as a new owner is ensconced -- have serious misgivings about staying on in such extreme circumstances .
It would mean appointing a new and inevitably cost - effective coaching team on the proviso there would be no budget for transfer fees or significant Bosman salaries .
Smith took the extraordinary decision to put his head above the parapet after Saturday ’s 1 - 1 draw against Hibernian at Ibrox to reveal the extent of bank interference since Sir David Murray was instructed to stand down as chairman and effectively waive the value of his shareholding .
It was a bold strategy , but one the 61 - year - old was prepared to take to bring transparency amid the thickening fog of uncertainty engulfing the stricken club .
He has wearied of the internal politics at play but will continue to defend the honour and integrity of the club he has served twice as manager .
The board have continually railed against the bank ’s budgeting policy for next season onwards , which -- to the astonishment of the Ibrox hierarchy -- was inclusive of sustained revenue from European football and a continuation of current season - ticket uptake .
It was pointed out that , with a weakened team and increasingly complex qualification path , participation in the Champions League would be improbable and , consequently , supporters would be disinclined to watch a watered - down team .
Bain , in particular , has fought against a devastating dilution of the club ’s value and credibility , which is why the club preserved Champions League ticket prices in the midst of a recession .
Last night , one source confirmed the severity of Rangers ’ plight .
“ Effectively , if the bank ’s plan is implemented in full , there will be no money available for players in the next transfer window , in the summer or , frankly , for the foreseeable future , ” he said .
“ Anybody sold in these windows would immediately be replaced by inexperienced players from the youth team .
“ Moving forward , no contracts that are due to expire will be renewed and no money would be available for strengthening . ”
Rangers ’ board were stunned by Lloyds ’ thinly disguised threat to place Rangers in administration unless they signed up to a radical overhaul that will be overseen by Donald Muir .
The appointment of the turnaround specialist , or company doctor , as a non-executive director signalled the most significant decision taken yet by the bank .
While there is an understanding of his new remit at Rangers , there is also a tacit unwillingness to endorse it .
Lloyds , which is about to embark on a £ 23 bn fund - raising project to prevent the government lifting its stake from 43 % to 60 % , are acutely aware of the wider implications of pushing such an institution towards administration .
None the less , they have intensified their bid to reclaim their £ 30 m borrowed by Rangers and rectify the wider financial concerns affecting Murray International .
Their squeeze on Rangers began last January , when a mandate was submitted to prominent agents alerting clubs to the availability of all first - team players .
In the end , only a £ 3 m bid from Birmingham City for Kris Boyd was forthcoming and , ultimately , rejected by the player .
In March , the bank conducted an audit of Rangers ’ accounts , undertaken by PricewaterhouseCoopers , that enforced the £ 1 m sale of Barry Ferguson and the removal of 10 fringe players from the wage bill .
This , according to many within the club , is merely the tip of the iceberg .
It is understood there was a reluctance to sanction another one - year , pay - as - you - play contract for David Weir and , indeed , The Herald can reveal the captain actually started the season without having signed a contract .
UPDATE : Twenty years after the fall of its infamous wall , Berlin hosted a nighttime celebration that exploited the full symbolic weight of that historic event .
The two - hour gala used the opening of the Berlin Wall as a starting point to consider the collapse of communism , the unification of Europe and barriers to global peace that persist to this day .
The crowd of tens of thousands that endured cold and rain was rewarded with musical performances , a theatrical re-enactment of the fall of the Berlin Wall , a fireworks show , as well as speeches from Berlin Mayor Klaus Wowereit , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , French president Nicolas Sarkozy , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and a recorded greeting from Barack Obama .
The politicians ’ speeches followed a similar template , with each of the statesmen thanking the city of Berlin for showing courage and endurance in peacefully overcoming its division .
But , it was also clear that the representatives from the various countries were intent on placing their own accent on the common history .
Clinton emphasized America ’s leading role in fortifying West Berlin and providing a bulwark for freedom .
Medvedev stressed that the events from 20 years ago taught the need for a “ multipolar ” world order , rather than one dominated by superpowers .
Brown suggested that the successful end of the Cold War should serve as a precedent for current efforts to combat climate change .
Wowereit made a point of remembering those East Germans who never succeeded at finding a fulfilling life in unified Germany .
Merkel reminded the audience that her country would never forget that the date of Nov. 9 was not only of a day of triumph , but also of tragedy .
It was on Nov. 9 , 1938 , that the Nazi regime staged its “ Kristallnacht ” pogrom against German Jews that signaled the coming horrors of the second World War and the Shoah .
Despite the poor weather , the crowd was generally in good cheer .
Only a relatively small percentage of attendees could gather directly in front of the Brandenburg Gate , where the main stage had been set up , so most of the crowd spilled in the direction of the Reichstag parliament building or Potsdamer Platz , areas that are now in the center of Germany ’s bustling capital city , but 20 years earlier had been mired in disrepair up against the borders of the wall .
There was a smattering of international visitors in the audience .
One group had traveled from Scotland to Berlin expressly for the anniversary .
Another group from Poland loudly cheered on behalf of the Polish workers ’ movement Solidarity for the duration of the two - hour celebration .
But , though the crowd was predominantly German , there was little sense that this was a national event :
Only a few German flags waved in the air .
A group of attendees was watching the event from the rooftop of the nearby American embassy .
Others tried to get a better vantage point by climbing the concrete columns that comprise the newly constructed Holocaust memorial that is situated between the Brandenburg Gate and Potsdamer Platz .
The collapse of the Wall was restaged by way of several hundred meters of giant dominoes that were set up on the route between the Reichstag and Potsdamer Platz .
They were pushed down on one end by Lech Walesa , the former head of Solidarity and former president of Poland , and on the other by Mikhail Gorbachev , former leader of the Soviet Union .
The final few segments directly in front of the Brandenburg Gate were pushed over after Nobel Peace Prize winner Mohammed Yunus encouraged the world to address global poverty .
Earlier in the day , Merkel , together with Walesa and Gorbachev , had crossed the bridge at Bornholmer Strasse , where the first breach in the Wall had been made 20 years earlier .
Many Berliners in attendance were moved by that symbolic re-enactment of the first crossing from East to West Berlin .
And even if some of the locals found the evening event a bit long - winded , most were held in awe by the beautiful bursts of fireworks that spread out over Berlin ’s cold sky at the conclusion of the night .
BERLIN , Germany , Nov. 8 —
The official proceedings of Monday ’s day of remembrance for the fall of the Berlin Wall will begin when Angela Merkel , international dignitaries and heads of state in tow , comes to the bridge at Bornholmer Strasse .
This quiet , far - off corner of Germany ’s capital offers little indication of having once been at the crossroads of history .
Only a small plaque , marred by graffiti , and a gray stretch of the city ’s eponymous wall together make quiet claim that this is where East and West Germany first met on the fateful night of Nov. 9 , 1989 .
Tourists do n't visit Bornholmer Strasse and the locals who use the bridge do n’t pay the place much mind , so no one much notices that the unlit plaque is impossible to read after dusk .
It may not be an idyllic or ideal backdrop , but it will have to do for Monday ’s events .
Merkel no doubt found herself in a dilemma familiar to many Berliners who receive guests from other countries .
Foreigners usually come to Berlin seeking reminders of the Western triumph in the Cold War .
But they ’re confronted by a city that is so diffident toward its own Cold War history that it removed nearly the entirety of its infamous wall as soon as it could .
The weighty symbolic resonances of the events from 20 years ago — the end of communism , the victory of freedom over tyranny — do n’t quite carry over to Germany , where the fall of the wall is a reality with a mundane and difficult legacy that the country is still living with .
The guests this week may be higher - profile than usual — they include Hillary Clinton , Nicolas Sarkozy , U2 , Mikhail Gorbachev and Jay - Z — but the problem remains .
Indeed , many Germans feel that the pomp and circumstance of the anniversary celebration — from U2 ’s rock concert in front of the Brandenburg Gate last Wednesday , to the symbolically restaged fall of the wall that will conclude Monday ’s events — have been for the sake of people living elsewhere .
Maik Henning , a carpenter who grew up in East Berlin and now lives near the Bornholmer Strasse crossing , was incensed by a press conference that had been held the previous week in Berlin that had George H.W. Bush , Mikhail Gorbachev and Helmut Kohl , Germany ’s former chancellor , together on stage to reminisce about the anniversary .
“ For 20 years , we ’ve been hearing about Kohl !
But , what does he have to do with 1989 ? ”
Henning asked indignantly .
“ 1989 was a revolution that happened in the East .
But , the only easterner the media knows is Angela Merkel .
And she also had nothing to do with the revolution ! ”
Whereas Merkel was an apolitical physicist in East Berlin who later rose quickly through the ranks of West Germany ’s Christian Democrat party , the actual revolutionaries of East Germany — the founders of groups like New Forum and Democracy Now , and the clergy at churches like Leipzig ’s Nikolai Church and Berlin ’s Zion Church — have largely been forgotten in today ’s Germany .
The activists , organizers and progressive churchgoers who organized the protests that brought tens of thousands onto the streets and , ultimately , forced the communist government to flinch , succeeded in producing the most successful democratic movement in German history .
But their names have not entered the common history books with equal prominence to notable West Germans .
Partly , that ’s because the movement quickly started pursuing goals that the original organizers had n’t had in mind .
Where New Forum and Democracy Now had envisioned an independent East German state that would slowly move toward unification with the West , as soon as East Germans were given a chance to vote , they elected for the fastest possible union with the West .
The leading activists were pushed to the background in favor of professional politicians sponsored by the West who promised quick economic fixes .
For their part , western Germans have always had a tenuous relationship to the events of 1989 .
The events leading up to the fall of the Berlin Wall were things that they observed , but were n’t able to participate in .
“ Of course , I am happy and I was happy , ” said Jens Reich , a political consultant who was raised in western Germany .
“ But , it is a more abstract feeling .
I had never been to East Germany , and I did n’t have family there . ”
On the whole , the popular consciousness of today ’s Germany is focused less on the successes of 1989 and more on the dislocations of 1990 .
That was the year of the expedited unification that allowed East Germany to be subsumed by the West ; the decisions made by western German politicians and businesses many believe led to the collapse of the eastern German economy ; the first discussions of how to prosecute former communists and keep them out of public life , and whether East Germans , on the whole , were really ready for democracy and diversity .
Though the wounds from 1990 have been healing slowly over time , they still distract from the more fond memories of 1989 .
If Merkel had been less focused on indulging her foreign visitors ' feelings of triumph , she might have considered forgoing Monday ’s visits to the out - of - the - way Bornholmer Strasse and the obligatory Brandenburg Gate monument , and bringing the visitors instead to Berlin ’s Alexanderplatz , the center of the former East Berlin .
That ’s where an impressive multi-media outdoor exhibition has been examining in detail the events of 1989 in the former East Germany .
This past weekend , dozens of Germans were braving the cold to learn more about the revolution that the whole world is so interested in .
“ These were very brave people , ” said Ute Gehlker , a tourist from Munich , after having read about one of the mass protests in Berlin in 1989 at the exhibition .
“ It ’s a scandal that we do n’t know more about them . ”
Editor 's note :
This story was updated to correct the name of the Russian president .
Brody Mullins reports on lobbying in Washington .
It ’s been a rough few years for lobbyists .
They have been attacked by President Barack Obama .
They have been targeted in corruption probes .
And they have been hurt by the economy .
And many have decided they ’re not going to take it anymore .
A record number of lobbyists have quit the business this year , according to a study released today .
About 1,400 lobbyists , or 8 % of the industry , left in the three - month period ending June 30 , according to a joint study of lobbying records by the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics and OMB Watch .
Typically , a few hundred lobbyists leave the business every quarter .
In all , there are still more than 11,000 lobbyists in Washington , according to records .
That ’s actually up 20 % since 1998 .
It ’s impossible to know for sure the causes of the recent K Street retreat .
But the study ’s authors blame Obama ’s new antilobbying rules .
When Obama took office , he imposed a ban on registered lobbyists working in his administration .
He has also barred lobbyists from lobbying the administration on certain topics .
As a result , it ’s possible that many Democratic lobbyists have curtailed their lobbying activity in the hopes of landing a White House job down the road .
It ’s also possible that there are just fewer lobbyists than there used to be because of the economy .
When companies have to tighten their belts , they often cut down on the number of hired - guns in Washington .
Software company Autodesk has failed in its bid to prevent the second - hand sale of its software .
After a long - running legal battle , it has not been able to convince a court that its software is merely licensed and not sold .
Like many software publishers , Autodesk claims that it sells only licences to use its software and that those who pay for it do not necessarily have the right to sell it on .
It sued Timothy Vernor , who was selling legitimate copies of Autodesk software on eBay , for copyright infringement .
The US District Court for the Western District of Washington has backed Vernor , though , in his claim that he owned the software and had the right to sell it on .
The Court said that there were two cases to use as a precedent and that they clashed fundamentally .
It had no choice , it said , but to follow the earlier precedent , which was a dispute over the ownership of prints of Hollywood films sold to film stars .
While many of the film copies were explicitly only licensed , the court had previously found that in one case , involving Vanessa Redgrave , the agreement had transferred ownership of the print to the actress .
This is called the Wise case .
One major consideration in that was the fact that the studio did not have the right , as it did in other agreements , to demand the return of the print .
The Court said that though the issue was complicated , software agreements were similar enough to those film agreements to act as a precedent .
" The Autodesk License is a hodgepodge of terms that , standing alone , support both a transfer of ownership and a mere license , " said the ruling .
" Autodesk expressly retains title to the ' Software and accompanying materials , ' but it has no right to regain possession of the software or the ' accompanying materials ' .
Licensees pay a single up - front price for the software .
Autodesk can require the destruction of the software , but only as consideration in the later purchase of an upgrade . "
" The court concludes that Wise leads to the conclusion that the transfer of AutoCAD copies via the License is a transfer of ownership , " it said .
The Court said that it had to follow that case 's precedent because it was older than another conflicting ruling , and that it could not choose a precedent based on the most desirable policy .
" The court ’s decision today is not based on any policy judgment .
Congress is both constitutionally and institutionally suited to render judgments on policy ; courts generally are not , " the Court ruled .
" Precedent binds the court regardless of whether it would be good policy to ignore it . "
The Court did say , though , that Autodesk 's claims that Vernor 's actions were likely to result in the creation and sale of illegal copies of its AutoCAD software were not well founded .
" Autodesk ’s claim that Mr. Vernor promotes piracy is unconvincing , " the ruling said .
" Mr. Vernor ’s sales of AutoCAD packages promote piracy no more so than Autodesk ’s sales of the same packages .
Piracy depends on the number of people willing to engage in piracy , and a pirate is presumably just as happy to unlawfully duplicate software purchased directly from Autodesk as he is to copy software purchased from a reseller like Mr. Vernor . "
Vernor had tried to argue that Autodesk 's behaviour in suing him amounted to a misuse of its copyrights .
The Court rejected that claim .
OUT -LAW.COM is part of international law firm Pinsent Masons .
Appearing on CBS Sunday , Senior White House advisor David Axelrod declined to attack Fox News but responded to criticism from Rush Limbaugh , calling him an “ entertainer . ”
Partial transcript courtesy Media Research Center :
SCHIEFFER : Let me ask you this , Mr. Axelrod .
Last week when casualties in Afghanistan hit a new high , President Obama went to Dover Air Force base to take part in a ceremony honoring the return of some of those who ’ve been killed there .
Well , this morning on Fox News Rush Limbaugh had this to say about that .
RUSH LIMBAUGH , ON FOX NEWS SUNDAY :
It was a photo - op .
It was a photo - op precisely because he ’s having big - time trouble on this whole Afghanistan dithering situation .
He found one family that would allow photos to be taken .
None of the others did .
And of course when you have a sycophantic media following you around , able to promote and amplify whatever you want , then he can create the impression that he has all this great concern .
SCHIEFFER TO AXELROD :
So what ’s your reaction to that ?
DAVID AXELROD : My reaction is that I think that the President of the United States went to Dover to represent the American people and pay his respects to the families who had made so much of a sacrifice to those brave service people who made the ultimate sacrifice .
It was the appropriate thing to do .
And I think most Americans appreciate that .
SCHIEFFER : On this broadcast back in March the White House Chief - of - Staff said this about Rush Limbaugh .
He said “ he is the voice , the intellectual voice and the energy behind the Republican Party . ”
Do you believe that what he said today– and we ’ll have some more quotes from him here — represents what the Republican Party believes ?
AXELROD : I do n’t know .
That ’s for the Republican Party to decide .
I think we ’ve seen an interesting development over this weekend in a special election up in upstate New York in a congressional district .
The Republican candidate withdrew because of the strong third - party movement behind a very right wing conservative .
And certainly Mr. Limbaugh and others were behind that .
And I think it sends a clear message to moderates within that party that there ’s no room at the inn for them and that ’s why you see Republican identification in polls at a historic low .
So that may be where the energy is in the Republican Party , but it ’s certainly not a view on which you can build a majority party .
SCHIEFFER : One of the things he said today was that the President is “ narcissistic , ” “ immature , inexperienced ” and “ in over his head . ”
Reaction ?
AXELROD : Well , I think it ’s a surreal day when you ’re getting lectures on humility from Rush Limbaugh .
And I ’m not going to respond to that .
The fact is that he is an entertainer .
The President has to run the country .
He ’s the commander in chief .
He has huge responsibilities .
I think he does them thoughtfully , he does them well and they ’re difficult problems .
We walked into a difficult situation .
I think he ’s handling it very , very well and most people believe that .
So , we ’ll let Mr. Limbaugh fulminate , but I think the American people are well served and believe they ’re well served .
SCHIEFFER : I want to go to other things , but let me ask you one final question .
Last week your man Robert Gibbs met with the folks at Fox News , declared a truce in this war you ’ve been having with them .
Was the truce broken this morning ?
AXELROD : Look , I ’m not – first of all , let me dispel something .
We ’re not at war with anyone .
We ’re at war only with people who represent mistruths as truth and that ’s true of any network whether it ’s Fox , CBS or any other network .
When errors of fact are stated or when opinion is offered as fact , we will challenge that , and that will be our policy going forward and the American people deserve that .
We have to do that for the sake of the administration .
But we ’re not at war with anyone and certainly it ’s no surprise that Rush Limbaugh espouses the views that he espouses .
He does it every day on radio .
He ’s marketing the outrageous and he does very well with it .
But as I said he ’s an entertainer .
We ’ve got bigger responsibilities and we ’re going to discharge those responsibilities .
BERLIN --
In a dark and drafty warehouse , a new Berlin Wall is taking shape .
Nearly 1,000 pieces , each one over 8 feet tall , 3 feet wide and 16 inches thick , have already been crafted .
Soon , they will be assembled and become part of a barrier stretching nearly a mile through the historic center of the city along the path of the old Wall , from the Reichstag to the Brandenburg Gate and beyond .
But this Berlin Wall is n't meant to be permanent .
It is made of Styrofoam , and it is rising so it can be knocked down again .
As dusk creeps across the German capital on Nov. 9 , 20 years to the hour after East Germans first began hammering away at the original concrete Berlin Wall on their way to the West , the first section will be pushed over , and the rest will fall -- like dominoes .
" The day represents great change , for along with the fall of the Berlin Wall many other walls and barriers fell , not only here , " says Moritz van Dülmen , the organizer of what is known as the " Dominoaktion . "
The convenient obsession with the dollar
Over at Politico , Eamon Javers notes an odd trend in the Drudge Report :
On Tuesday , Matt Drudge ran a headline about the weakening U.S. dollar on his website , Drudgereport.com .
In and of itself , that would be unremarkable , except that it was the 18th time Drudge had posted a link to a story about the weak dollar this month .
And October was only 20 days old .
Clearly , Matt Drudge has developed a fascination with the declining U.S. dollar .
“ He ’s fixated on it , ” said Tom Rosenstiel , director of the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism .
“ There ’s no question that Drudge can alter what people are paying attention to . ”
Market watchers say it ’s unlikely that Drudge is actually moving the currency markets with his relentless attention .
“ I do n’t think that anyone who seriously trades currencies reads The Drudge Report before making important buy or sell decisions , ” said Chris Roush , a professor of business journalism at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
( emphasis added … because that ’s a priceless quote )
Drudge is n’t the only one obsessed about the dollar .
Last week , James Pethokoukis blogged the following for Reuters :
The aftershocks of the global financial crisis may now be propelling the dollar back to the political forefront .
The greenback ’s continuing slide makes it a handy metric that neatly encapsulates America ’s current economic troubles and possible long - term decline .
House Republicans for instance , have been using the weaker dollar as a weapon in their attacks on the Bernanke - led Federal Reserve .
For more evidence of the dollar ’s return to political salience , look no further than the Facebook page of Sarah Palin .
The 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee — and possible 2012 presidential candidate — has shown a knack for identifying hot - button political issues , such as the purported “ death panels ” she claims to have found in Democratic healthcare reform plans .
In a recent Facebook posting , Palin expressed deep concern over the dollar ’s “ continued viability as an international reserve currency ” in light of huge U.S. budget deficits .
She might be onto something here , politically and economically .
A recent Rasmussen poll , for instance , found that 88 percent of Americans say the dollar should remain the dominant global currency .
Now , the average voter may not fully understand the subtleties of international finance nor appreciate exactly how a dominant dollar has benefited the U.S economy .
But they sure think a weaker dollar is a sign of a weaker America .
OK , let ’s be as plain as possible about this – as a reserve currency , the dollar is not going anywhere .
Really .
The dollar ’s slide in value has been predictable , as the need for a financial safe haven has abated .
By and large , a depreciating dollar helps the U.S. trade balance ( though it would help much more if the Chinese renminbi got in on the appreciation ) .
Even the Chinese , who have spoken like they want an alternative to the dollar as a reserve currency , are in point of fact not doing much to alter the status quo .
Why ?
To paraphrase Winston Churchill , the dollar is a lousy , rotten reserve currency – until one contemplates the alternatives .
Because all of the alternatives have serious problems .
The euro , the only truly viable substitute for the dollar , is not located in the region responsible for the largest surge of growth .
It would be unlikely for the ASEAN +3 countries to agree to switch from the dollar to a new currency over which regional actors have no influence ( the Europeans would n’t be thrilled either , as it would lead to an even greater appreciation of the currency ) .
Oh , and the European Union has no consolidated sovereign debt market .
The euro is worth watching , but it ’s not going to replace the dollar anytime soon .
The other alternatives are even less attractive .
Most other national currencies beyond the euro – the yen , pound , Swiss franc , Australian dollar – are based in markets too small to sustain the inflows that would come from reserve currency status .
The renminbi remains inconvertible .
A return to the gold standard in this day and age would be infeasible – the liquidity constraints and vagaries of supply would be too powerful .
There ’s the using - the - Special - Drawing - Right - as - a - template - for - a - super - sovereign currency idea , but this is an implausible solution .
As it currently stands , the SDR is not a currency so much as a unit of account .
Even after the recent IMF authorizations , there are less than $ 400 billion SDR - denominated assets in the world , which is far too small for a proper reserve currency .
So , what ’s really going on here with the dollar obsession ?
I suspect that with the Dow Jones going back over 10,000 , Republicans are looking for some other Very Simple Metric that shows Obama Stinks .
The dollar looks like it ’s going to be declining for a while , so why not that ?
Never mind that the dollar was even weaker during the George W. Bush era — they want people to focus on the here and now .
The thing is , I ’m not sure this gambit is going to work .
People who already think Obama is a socialist will go for it , sure , but that ’s only rallying the base .
I ’m not sure how much fence - sitters care about a strong dollar , however .
If anything , populist movements tend to favor a debasing of the currency rather than a strengthening of it .
Still , I ’m just a political scientist —
I ’m sure that , " theories on political behavior are best left to CNN , pollsters , pundits , historians , candidates , political parties , and the voters . "
So , have at it , readers !
Will the falling dollar be a source of populist outrage if Drudge links to it enough ?
UPDATE : contrasting takes from Kevin Drum and Megan McArdle .
FORMER POLICE DETECTIVE
FORMER PROSECUTOR
TWENTY YEARS CRIMINAL AND DUI DEFENSE
If you have been charged with a DUI , Misdemeanor or Felony Offense in the state of Arizona , you need an experienced and effective criminal defense attorney to represent you in court .
Given the harsh penalties imposed by the State of Arizona against people charged with DUI , drug crimes and criminal offenses , along with all of the legalities involved in defending these matters , you are well advised to contact an attorney who specializes in DUI and criminal defense .
Raymond A. Kimble is a former police officer , DUI and Felony Prosecutor who has successfully defended thousands of people charged with DUI , misdemeanor and felony crimes in Arizona over the last twenty years .
Attorney , Raymond Kimble represents individuals throughout Maricopa County and Pinal County who are charged with not only DUI and drunk driving , but also all drug charges including possession of marijuana , possession of drugs , marijuana and drug sales , possession of drug paraphernalia , violent offenses such as homicide , manslaughter , assault and aggravated assault , domestic violence , sexual offenses , child molestation and child pornography , theft charges including , auto theft , forgery , shoplifting and robbery , all property crimes including burglary , trespassing and criminal damage , weapons offenses and probation violations .
Aggressive Criminal and DUI Defense
Attorney , Raymond Kimble takes a proactive approach in protecting criminal defense clients as well as those accused of DUI .
At The Law Offices of Raymond Kimble , we recognize that you have a constitutional right to a thorough and effective defense .
We completely investigate your case , review witness statements and physical evidence , and assemble the right team of legal professionals including investigators and experts to aggressively defend you .
We have a network of toxicologists , criminologists , psychologists and other highly specialized experts who are ready to assist in challenging the prosecutor 's case against you .
You can rest assured that you will receive the zealous and aggressive defense that you deserve with The Law Offices of Raymond A. Kimble .
Personal Attention to Every Client
Here , we take pride in offering personal and individualized attention to each and every one of our clients .
Mr. Kimble understands that being charged with a criminal offense or DUI is extremely stressful and upsetting .
Therefore , we make it a priority to listen to our clients ' concerns and address each of our clients ' individual needs .
We know that effective attorney - client communication is key to both reducing the anxiety that naturally comes with being charged with a criminal offense and to effectively defending our clients ' rights .
Raymond Kimble is always readily available to his clients at any time during the course of representation to address any questions or concerns that may arise .
You will find that he can be reached during normal business hours , but more importantly , at night and during weekends as well to answer any questions .
We also make it a point to keep our clients informed as to what is happening with their cases at every stage of representation .
At The Law Offices of Raymond A. Kimble we treat each and every one of our clients ' cases as if they were our own .
Experience Counts
Attorney Raymond A. Kimble has worked in every aspect of the criminal justice system during his entire professional career .
Mr. Kimble 's years of experience defending cases in the Arizona criminal justice system ensures that you will receive the excellent and aggressive defense that is necessary to vindicate your rights .
Phoenix criminal attorney , Raymond Kimble is serious about protecting his clients ' constitutionally guaranteed right to be presumed innocent .
He strongly believes that everyone accused of a crime is entitled to an aggressive and effective defense regardless of the alleged crime or circumstances .
Mr. Kimble is a highly respected criminal and DUI defense attorney with a reputation as an excellent criminal trial attorney who will recognize and exploit any weaknesses in a prosecutor 's case .
Raymond Kimble has successfully handled thousands of criminal and DUI cases during the last twenty years .
Mr. Kimble 's cases range from misdemeanor and felony DUI 's to drug offenses , marijuana crimes , sex offenses domestic violence charges and violent crimes .
Mr. Kimble has defended criminal cases for people from all walks of life including law enforcement personnel and their family , members of the military , doctors and other professionals .
Call ( 480 ) 833-8613 for a Free Consultation
OUR RESULTS
OUR REVIEWS
" Excellent attorney that knows the case law , statutes and superb trial skills . "
Lawyer Ratingz
Flags
Cast time is hidden
Can be used while mounted
Remember me ( free landing within two weeks )
" ... The perfect studio background ... "
Welcome to our website , which we hope will help you choose from our superb range of photographic backgrounds and photography backdrops .
All our photographic backgrounds are available worldwide , direct from our UK based headquarters .
They have been carefully designed using a rich blend of colours to add style , impact and quality to your photography , whatever the subject .
Our range of photography backdrops includes clouded , plain and chromakey colours , which are especially ideal for the modern digital photo studio .
All studio backgrounds are hand crafted on low crease polycotton , making them hard wearing , washable and above all very easy to use .
They are less prone to cracking than painted canvas and more resistant to creasing than muslins .
Our studio backgrounds may be used alone or combined with other studio props , to create impressive scenic displays .
The wide range of colours and fantastic prices ensure that , with Colourscape , the creative possibilities are only limited by your imagination .
Make Colourscape your first choice when purchasing a photography backdrop or background .
For help or assistance choosing a photographic backdrop , please feel free to call our friendly staff on
01457 764140
Or Email :- sales@colourscape.co.uk
......................................
" .. What our customers say . . "
" Fantastic service and great backgrounds , I will definitely be purchasing more . "
Cheryll , Wigan .
" Excellent photographic backdrop , fast delivery too .
Great service . "
Christine , Durham .
" Very nice photography background , excellent service , will definately use again . "
Rob , Southampton .
Studio Backgrounds By Colourscape
12 , Matley Park Lane
Stalybridge
Cheshire
SK15 2TL
Over Analytical Me
Manhattan Moments , Music , and Me , Over Analyzing It All
Why Ask Why ?
The Mass Market Myth
How Did We Get Here ?
Are We Doomed ?
What Next ?
Chris Hecker , independent developer and until recently a designer at Maxis , used to give a lot of talks about the " how " of game development -- talks with names like " Game Object Systems " and " Five Physics Simulators for Articulated Bodies .
" But now , as he reflected during a keynote address at the IGDA Leadership Forum in San Francisco , he spends a lot more time considering and discussing the " why , " as in " Why do you make games ? "
It 's a question he believes is crucial not just to individual developers , but to the cultural impact of the entire medium for decades to come .
Those who work in certain popular forms like music , film , and literature often reflect on how a particular work was born out of a specific event .
" I had to write this book when my girlfriend dumped me , " a novelist might say .
" That does n't show up often in game development bios , " Hecker pointed out .
Developers rarely discuss what they were trying to convey or express with a particular game , outside the confines of the game 's own entertainment value .
" Should we care about ' why ' ?
I think the answer is yes .
We should care , " said Hecker .
But why care about ' why ' ?
Hecker sees three main routes popular culture can travel , and games are in grave danger of ending up on the wrong one , the consequences of which could put the medium permanently in the cultural doghouse , rather than in the vaunted halls of cultural relevance .
"
If we continue on our current path , we 'll end up in the pop cultural ghetto where comics are , " he said .
" An alternative path is where film , books , and music ended up .
There 's even a low road , toys -- or , as you hear , ' just toys ' -- where you cease to have any meaning beyond what you 're playing with . "
" I believe games will be the preeminent art and entertainment form of the 21st century -- if we do n't screw it up , " Hecker professed .
He wants to make games , not music or books or films .
He does n't have a case of Hollywood envy -- except , perhaps , for the freedom film has built for itself on the back of its great work .
" Film , " broadly speaking , is seen as artistically valid , despite the existence of countless forgettable films .
Not every film is great -- most are not -- but as an overall medium , it is relatively bulletproof .
" They can shovel out as much crap as they want , and it does n't affect their ability to be considered an art , " Hecker pointed out .
" The New York Times is n't going to demote them out of the Arts section because of Saw IV .
" By contrast , comics are roughly the same age as film , and both forms were initially culturally derided , seen as diversions for the uneducated .
But after more than a century , even comics ' most impressive works have been unable to remove its broadly negative stigma .
Art Spiegelman 's Pulitzer Prize - winning Maus , and the works of the cartoonist Chris Ware , for example , are individually respected , but have not dramatically raised their medium 's profile .
" I want to be clear -- we can actually screw it up , " Hecker warned .
" You can screw it up to where you 're not rescue - able , or you can succeed to the point where you can't mess up .
" Hecker proposes four metrics on which to judge the success of popular entertainment forms .
In approximate order of increasing importance , they are revenue , units sold , cultural impact , and diversity of content .
" We do great on the first one of these , which is the least important , " he said , " but we fuck it up on the other three .
"
The game industry is bizarrely obsessed with revenue at the exclusion of nearly anything else , he argued : " You get the impression that the game industry would n't care if some prince in Dubai bought a single copy of a game that costs $ 24 billion dollars ---- as long as we 're the ones he 's buying it from .
" This week 's release ofsaw yet another of the industry 's neverending claims about its biggest entertainment launches of all time , but that has much to do with a game 's relatively exorbitant individual price tag compared to , say , a book or a movie ticket .
On a unit basis , on the other hand , games are n't all that impressive .
Gone With the Wind , the most successful film by revenue after adjusting for inflation , sold 35 million " units " in the United Kingdom alone in 1940 , at which point that country had a population of 43 million .
Even more astonishingly , it sold 202 million tickets in the United States -- which had a population of only 130 million at the time .
" Everyone went twice ! "
Hecker exclaimed .
" This is mass market reach .
" That extraordinary example aside , you have to go extremely far down the list of top - selling movies of all time before you find examples on equal footing with the game industry 's best - selling non-console - bundled SKU , , which across all worldwide territories has sold about 24 million units .
( That 's true outside film as well , of course : " Celine Dion is beating every game we 've ever made . " )
But even units do n't paint the more telling picture .
The true strength of film -- surely the dominant art form of the 20th century -- is its cultural , not just financial , impact and breadth .
Games tend to resolutely and aggressively target the 18 - to 34 - year male .
If you are n't trying to capture as much of that audience as you possibly can ( or , increasingly , middle - aged housewives ) you are n't in step with the industry .
That is n't the sign of a healthy , diverse medium .
" All films are not Titanic and they 're not trying to be , " Hecker said .
" Not all bands are trying to make Thriller .
They 're not all trying to hit every single person in their entire audience with a single work , which we try to do routinely .
We have such incredibly narrow sets of users that we do n't actually have a reasonable description of a mass market audience .
Film can do both The Dark Knight and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , and it makes the medium richer for it .
You can rent one when you 're in one mood , and the other when you 're in another mood .
We do n't provide for that .
" So why is this the case ?
" We can't be totally blamed , " Hecker acknowledged , introducing a simple set of comparisons illustrating what any game developer knows well : there are certain types of gameplay that are well understood and easily accomplished in games , and others that still largely elude us .
" What 's the easiest film to make ? " he asked .
" I claim the easiest film to make is to put a camera in a room with some people , and they talk .
You get a video camera , and you can do it for $ 500 .
What 's the hardest film to make ?
It 's got explosions and spaceships and lasers flying all over the place .
" By contrast , " what 's the easiest game to make ?
It 's got explosions , and maybe elves or orcs , and whatever .
What 's the hardest game to make ?
Well , it 's got some people in a room talking .
" Hecker accompanied the last statement with a screenshot of the narrative experimental game .
Even with its impressive complexity and ambitious interactive scope within a constrained narrative setting , 's conversations still face difficulties .
" Mediums have a grain , " argued Hecker , and the formal grain of video games runs in a very different direction to the formal grain of film and literature .
" You have to work extra hard to work against the grain , and our grain tends to want to put spaceships with bullets coming out of them on the screen .
"
Or , paraphrasing Nietzsche , " the way your language works makes you think in certain ways , and you have to try really hard to think another way . "
" Are we doomed ? "
Hecker pondered .
" Is the grain guiding everything we do ?
I do n't think that 's true , but it does make our job a lot harder , and we have to want to do it .
" There are other factors to contend with if one wishes to work against the grain .
For one thing , " we got a bit big and successful before we figured out what we 're doing -- hence , the industry - wide risk aversion . "
Games may not have the reach of Gone With the Wind or Celine Dion , but there 's undoubtedly money to be made , and that has to a large extent locked in many design ideas in the service of financial safety .
And , as Heather Chaplin put it , we are " a bunch of stunted adolescents .
And I include myself in that , " Hecker added .
He recounted a recent experience playing Valve 's , a game he greatly enjoys .
" But it 's vacuous , " he said .
" It 's cool , but there 's not really any ' there ' there .
"
In a 2003 critique of the film Seabiscuit for The New Yorker , David Denby wrote , " When a director exploits our hard - wired responses to pathos , he fails , so to speak , a test of honor .
" Video game designers are extremely skilled at exploiting a different hard - wired response , the enjoyment of the power fantasy .
" It 's not hard to put a gun in someone 's hand and make them feel great about themselves , " Hecker said of those exciting , if often relatively empty , experiences .
" But it 's having cotton candy every day for dinner .
" That is n't to say video games should abandon the power fantasy ; instead , they might rely on it less , or couple it with more interesting themes .
" You still want your Pirates of the Caribbean .
You want to have those summer blockbusters , " Hecker said .
" But you want something else , too .
And even something like Pirates of the Caribbean has more of the human condition in it than most games do .
" Like literature , music , film , and other forms , games offer their own intrinsic element to add to culture .
For games , it 's interactivity .
That uniqueness is necessary for a form to carve out its own cultural space , and it's what will allow games to occupy such a space if the gaming community does n't wall it off .
But that means designers must strive to convey some kind of " why , " and when they do , it will ideally be conveyed through interactivity , not just cutscenes .
Linear " theme park ride " games , as Hecker calls them -- recently , , et al. -- can be great fun , and we have become quite skilled at making them , but they also represent something of a creative red herring : " The part that speaks to the human condition is in the cutscenes , not in the interactivity . " Furthermore , while gamers are highly resistant to decreases in graphical fidelity , they seem on the whole unbothered by regressions in interactivity , hence the flourishing of the theme park ride approach .
And since , for technical reasons , it 's safer and cheaper to decrease interactivity as you increase realism , the latter may well continue to suffer .
The booming market of casual and social games , Hecker points out , has a different problem .
" It 's great to have a game to play while you 're waiting for a bus , " he said , " but they 're not trying to say anything at all .
" That leaves the broad category of " systems games , " which are more intrinsically predicated on interactivity and player - driven choice .
They contain the best candidates for creating unique , meaningful works in games , Hecker believes , but at the present moment , " these games are n't really saying anything either , because we do n't know how to say things through interactivity , how an authorial voice works through a system .
" There 's no easy way out of this arguably slippery slope except for the dedication and intent of the people making the games .
" I believe this is the big question for the next ten years of game design , " Hecker said .
" We have so many opportunities .
" Mechanics and systems can be continually evolved , but designers would do well to keep the following questions in mind , he said : " What are you trying to say , and why ? " and " And are you trying to say it with interactivity ? "
" If you can answer those , " Hecker concluded , " you 're on the right track . "
The Wii Balance Board is a pretty novel device , but it does n’t provide players with complete realism .
The FriiBoard , however , is looking to improve on the experience gamers have with titles like Shaun White ’s Snowboarding .
“ Built for the Wii™ Fit Balance Board and associated Wii™ motion - oriented games .
You have n’t experienced Shaun White™ , Tony Hawk™ , or We Ski™ until you ’ve snapped your balance board into our FriiBoard !™
Put new life into your old balance board games !
Make all your games MORE REAL .
Great for Kids and Adults alike . ”
As the official description notes , the Balance Board fits right on top of the FriiBoard and you can expect the peripheral to tilt / move in a more realistic manner .
It ’s not exactly the safest peripheral , though .
Just make sure that you ’ve cleared all objects away from in case you fall off or get tossed to the side !
Source
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Google
Pocket
Oct. 2 , 2009  -- Mariamu Stanford , a soft - spoken , 28 - year - old single mother from rural Tanzania , has earned a grim distinction :
She 's one of only two people with albinism -- a group that has faced discrimination in East Africa -- to survive a brutal attack by those wanting to sell the limbs of albinos on the black market .
In her first interview with American journalists , Stanford greeted ABC News visitors with a shy smile , wearing a short - sleeve blouse that revealed the scars of her ordeal .
Last October , men armed with machetes entered her hut and began cutting at her arms in a gruesome attempt to amputate them , Stanford told ABC News .
" In the middle of the night , a group of men stormed in and said , ' We are going to cut your arm off , and if you scream we 'll cut the other arm off , ' " she said .
" And then they started to chop my right arm off .
And because I was screaming , they also started to do the same with the other . "
After her attackers fled , it took six full hours for Stanford to get medical treatment .
Five months pregnant at the time , she lost both arms and her unborn child .
A devout Christian and member of her church choir , Stanford was caught up in a grisly trade inspired by a renegade set of witch doctors ; they claim potions made of the blood , skin or bones of an albino can make people wealthy and bring good luck .
We spoke just outside the two - room mud-floor building , where she lives with her parents , four young siblings and her son , a toddler .
Her artificial limbs , donated by a well - wisher , lay discarded because they were painful and cumbersome .
Despite Tanzania 's reputation as a tourist mecca known for safaris and visits to Mount Kilimanjaro , people with albinism are being hunted down like animals .
Since 2007 , 54 Tanzanian albinos , including children , have been murdered by gangs of men who hack off arms , legs or genitals .
Observers said even more cases of attacks have gone unreported .
Tanzania is arguably the worst place in the world to be born with albinism -- a hereditary genetic condition caused by two recessive genes resulting in little or no pigment production in the hair , skin or eyes .
The country has one of the largest populations of albinos in the world -- an estimated 170,000 -- and they are being targeted for their white skin .
Click here to find out how to help Tanzanians with albinism
Poverty , Prejudice , Superstition Spur Murders
Officials say ignorance , prejudice , traditional beliefs and poverty are behind the epidemic of albino killings .
In a country where per capita income is $ 442 a year , the limb of a person with albinism can fetch almost anywhere from $ 500 to $ 2,000 .
It does n't help matters that many in Tanzania still live according to superstition .
For decades , people with albinism have been thought of as ghosts and bad omens .
It is also believed that albinos do n't die ; they just disappear .
" I was always hearing these tales , people here believe that albinos do not die , they disappear so I was always wondering how I am going to disappear , " Stanford said .
The idea that the body parts of albinos can bring wealth is a recent phenomenon .
Some have been known to use human hair from albinos woven into fishing nets for good luck .
At the Mwanza homestead of witch doctor Jackson Kanyerere , who offers his patients medical and spiritual care , he told ABC News that the person who started this superstition was n't even a witch doctor .
Click here to read one repoter 's journey to investigate albino killings
" There was a man who was not a witch doctor himself , but he came up with the idea that an albino potion can make a person rich , so they started stealing body parts from the graves , " said Kanyerere .
" When they ran out of graves , they decided that now were going to hunt down live human beings . "
The murders of albinos have shocked the international community and embarrassed the Tanzanian government .
" Can you imagine somebody chops off my hands , he just leaves me bleeding there , and he just runs away with the two arms , and damn the consequences ? "
Prime Minister Mizengo Pinda said in an interview with ABC News .
Pinda put out a plea and assured anonymity to anyone who could come forward with information about the killings of albinos .
" We simply can not sit like this , " said Pinda .
" And we called upon the masses to come out .
' Please let us get an idea as to whom you think in your village is a possible suspect . '
Now , you'd be surprised , people came out in hundreds . "
Killings Spur International Outcry
Tanzania has taken other steps to address the killings , banning witch doctors ' licenses and appointing a government representative with albinism , but the killings continue .
More than 200 people have been arrested in connection with the murders .
Just weeks ago , three men were convicted and sentenced to death by hanging for killing a teenage boy with albinism .
This is first prosecution since the murders began two years ago .
Pinda cites a lack of resources as a major obstacle -- 70 percent of the police officers in rural areas do n't have access to vehicles -- and judges have to travel from village to village to try cases .
Stanford says her attackers were caught the same day as the attack and arrested .
Their blood - stained clothing gave them away .
And though she knew and identified one of her attackers as a neighbor , none have been brought to trial .
Recently , Stanford was ordered to vacate her home , a temporary safe house provided by the government .
She thinks she will have to return to the village where she was attacked .
To protect children with albinism in and around Mwanza , the government has started sending them to the Mitindo Primary School .
In the last year , more than 100 children have joined the already overflowing classroom and dorms of the school , which has become a safe haven for children with albinism .
Under the Same Sun , a nongovernmental agency based in Canada , has traveled to the school to distribute supplies , but more help is needed .
" If you have albinism in Tanzania , you live in a constant state of fear , " said founder Peter Ash , a former Baptist minister turned businessmen and philanthropist , who has albinism .
Watch the full story on " 20/20 " TONIGHT at 10 p.m. ET
UNICEF has condemned the murders as a heinous and systematic violation of human rights .
" UNICEF , together with the entire U.N. system in Tanzania , will continue to urge and work with the government and other stakeholders to galvanize action to ensure that such barbaric and inhumane practices are stopped , perpetrators brought to justice , and ensure albinos like other citizens enjoy their fundamental rights to life , freedom and protection , " UNICEF said in a statement .
Since ABC News ' interview with Prime Minister Pinda four months ago , four more people with albinism have been killed , including a 7 - year - old girl who was kidnapped from her grandmother at gunpoint .
Her headless body was found the next day -- also missing a hand .
But the threat to albinos is spreading throughout the continent .
In neighboring Burundi , at least 11 albinos have been killed since last year and a 2 - year - old boy , in Ghana , was terrorized in a botched kidnapping plot .
While the government and international community work to bring the murders to justice , Stanford lives with daily reminders of the pain of her attack .
Even the simplest tasks are now impossible for Stanford , and she can no longer take care of her son .
" Sometimes I cry , because it 's the same thing over and over again .
... Waking up , sitting on the bench and when I 'm tired of sitting , I go and sleep , " Stanford said .
" I miss feeling the love of my child , because I can't even carry or hug him anymore . "
Click here to find out how to help Tanzanians with albinism
Today , we are showing you the huge collection of beautiful and inspiring dual - screen wallpapers .
I appreciate to all those talented designers who create these excellent wallpapers with their efforts , imaginations and creativity to give us a chance to use these artistic wonders on our desktop screens and refresh ourselves and all those blogs who created these great round - ups of beautiful wallpapers .
This list is not long in numbers but I promise you that when you start browsing them in details it will surely refresh you and force you to download any or all for your desktop right now .
You are welcome if you want to share more resources to beautiful dual - screen wallpapers collection that our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
Click on the images to go from where the images has been taken and see the whole round - up .
Blue Tiles
Purple Flower
Neuron
The Orion Nebula
Laptop
Subway Station
Shiny Sky
Rusty Metal
Pink Flower
Apple
New world
Windows Sky
Serenity
Wisp
Moss On Tree Trunks
Inferno
High Like A Plane
Naturelle
The Western Walls
The Window
Eos
Bacteria
Tarantula Nebula 2
Gravity Well
Oakville Population wallpaper
Pantone
Classics DUAL -SCREEN
Juan Enriquez held an TED talk and took a much more broader picture than most other experts do .
He starts with taking a look at the financial markets , but then tool a deeper glance at current trends in science and technology .
He merges trends from medicine , microbiology and robots to build a picture of a new step of evolution , that * is* coming .
People only interested in robots skip the first 10 minutes of this talk .
[ via ]
He was n't a wild kid .
He was scared .
He knew he was doing something dangerous - but he knew it would help the campaign .
It made an amusing gambit at the open - air ball park convention meeting that morning .
" While campaigning for my brother , " he said , " I was invited to a ski meet in Wisconsin .
The local chairman said if I came to the top of the ski jump , I could meet and talk to people .
When I got on top , the people hollered for me to jump .
It was either jump , or if my father found out , I 'd have to go back to Hyannis Port and lick stamps for the rest of the campaign .
" It 's summer now , and there 's no snow , so you can't do that to me . "
" Since it is summer , and this is Rodeo country , we do have a bronc for you to ride , " Hugh Lemire said .
" Would you mind ? "
" After going down that ski jump , nothing really matters much , " Ted said .
He gave a talk on farm problems , but the conventioneers were already thinking about the arena that afternoon .
The Rodeo was underway as Ted changed into borrowed cowboy clothes in a trailer behind the chutes .
When he could only get his cowboy boots halfway on , a dozen cowboys offered to loan him theirs .
" You should n't let the kid ride the horse .
He 'll get hurt .
Do n't do it , " an old cowboy muttered as Ted tried on the boots .
Somebody gave him chaps , spurs , and a hat .
" I 've got to have a horse that bucks , " Ted said , walking bowlegged toward the chutes .
" Do you want to go first ? "
" I do n't want to go at all .
Let me watch one first . "
The first rider was thrown off almost immediately .
" Getting off looks easy .
I do n't have to learn anything about getting off .
But I 'd like to stay on until we 're into the arena .
" What do I do when I get on ? "
" Just jab those spurs into him about three times as he comes out , and fan him with your hat . "
His mouth was tight - he really was scared as he handed Hooten his wallet .
" Here goes Buck Kennedy .
I hope I get out of this alive .
" Will this horse buck ? " he asked the cowboy who was helping him get on the horse ?
" It is n't a clunker ?
Would he be here if I were n't here ?
Are you sure he 'll buck ?
All this wo n't be worth anything if I do n't get thrown into the air .
I 'll be goddamned mad if he just walks out of the chute . "
The helper reassured him .
" If his brother has the kind of guts the kids has , he 'll be a great President , " another cowboy commented as Ted settled on the horse .
" Somebody special will be coming out on the next horse , " the announcer said .
The chute opened .
Holding his free hand high , Ted gave the horse a couple of jabs as it bucked out of the chute .
The horse unloaded him on the third jump , 5 1/2 seconds later .
It was a creditable riide , and they cheered as he limped from the arena .
" That sure stretches me out , " he said .
In the trailer , his hands were shaking .
At the convention that night , there was a big hand , and a big laugh when , introduced as one of Montana 's best bronc riders , he limped onto the stage .
The limp was real .
His right thigh was so bruised , and his leg so stiff he could hardly get into the Reber 's plane to fly to Billings that night .
George Larson 's photo of Ted on the bronc made the newspapers throughout the U.S. , Time , Life , and became a campaign - ordeal classic .
Ted sold a lot of people that day .
Mass Communication Specialist David P. Coleman
Navy.mil
Monday , September 21 , 2009
Editor ’s note : Military exercise designed to train soldiers to “ stop people from going to work and school , ” according to the U.S. Navy .
Representatives from 10 U.S. government agencies are holding a two - day table - top exercise in cooperation with the government of Panama to assist in responding to any future influenza pandemic Sept. 16 .
The agency representatives are in Panama in conjunction with Fuerzas Aliadas PANAMAX 2009 , a 12 - day military security training exercise involving 20 countries .
The representatives discussed how the United States and the Panamanian government can manage an influenza outbreak by utilizing their agencies ’ assets to combat a pandemic .
“ Our goal is to work as close as possible with the Panamanians in case there is a real threat , such as a pandemic influenza , ” said U.S. Navy Capt .
Miguel A. Cubano , a medical doctor and command surgeon for the U.S. Southern Command .
“ We want to help them set up a plan so a pandemic outbreak does not have a great impact on their economy , stop people from going to work and school and stop the operations of the Panama Canal . ”
The agencies present included the Department of State , Department of Homeland Security , Department of Agriculture , Department of Commerce , Federal Aviation Administration , U.S. Agency for International Development , Department of Health and Human Services , U.S. Army , U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Navy .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Since the severity of flu outbreaks is difficult to predict , the U.S. agencies are sharing tools and information to help Panama combat any level of influenza outbreak .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Influenza usually starts suddenly , with symptoms that include fever , headache , tiredness , coughing , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , body aches , diarrhea and vomiting .
Many different illnesses , including the common cold , can have similar symptoms , so diagnosis and communication are key to anticipating an unusually severe flu outbreak .
The U.S. Navy is working with the Panamanian government and other U.S. agencies to build a preventive plan to fight all diseases , not just the flu .
According to U.S. Coast Guard Cmdr. Joselito S. Ignacio , head of the Coast Guard ’s Environment Health Division , Navy and Coast Guard vessels could play an important role in combating future epidemics .
“ The Coast Guard will work diligently to provide maritime support in our role to help the people of Panama defeat a pandemic outbreak , ” Ignacio said .
The pandemic exercise is not directly part of the FA PANAMAX 2009 maritime exercise , but is occurring concurrently .
FA PANAMAX 2009 is one of the largest multinational training exercises in the world , and is taking place in the waters off the coasts of Panama from Sept. 11 - 22 with the participation of civil and military forces .
More than 20 vessels and a dozen aircraft are involved in the exercises .
Participants are focusing on a variety of responses to any request from the Government of Panama to protect and guarantee safe passage of traffic through the Panama Canal , ensure its neutrality , and respect national sovereignty .
Simulated ground forces are also participating at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio , Texas .
This article was posted : Monday , September 21 , 2009 at 10:18 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
During a trip to Senegal , Maya Angelou called Samia , a friend she had made in Paris several years before , and was invited over for dinner .
Passing a room where people apparently clung to the wall to avoid standing on the rug , Angelou became incensed .
" I had known a woman in Egypt who would not allow her servants to walk on her rugs , saying that only she , her family and friends were going to wear out her expensive carpets .
Samia plummeted in my estimation . "
Keen to challenge her host 's hauteur , she walked back and forth across the carpet .
" The guests who were bunched up on the sidelines smiled at me weakly . "
Soon afterwards , servants came , rolled up the rug , took it away and brought in a fresh one .
Samia then came in and announced that they would be serving one of Senegal 's most popular dishes in honour of Angelou : " Yassah , for our sister from America …
Shall we sit ? "
And as the guests went to the floor where glasses , plates , cutlery and napkins were laid out on the carpet , Angelou realised the full extent of her faux pas and was " on fire with shame " .
" Clever and so proper Maya Angelou , I had walked up and down over the tablecloth …
In an unfamiliar culture , it is wise to offer no innovations , no suggestions , or lessons .
The epitome of sophistication is utter simplicity . "
Such is an example of the 28 short epistles that comprise Letter To My Daughter , Angelou 's latest book .
Elsewhere , she is beaten up by a lover , shaved by her mother before giving birth , nixes an offer to televise one of her stories because a producer is sniffy , and drinks coffee with cockroaches in it rather than insult her hosts , vomiting when she is out of sight .
Most end with the kind of wisdom that , depending on your taste , qualifies as either homespun or hokey .
" I am never proud to participate in violence , yet I know that each of us must care enough for ourselves that we can be ready and able to come to our own defence when and wherever needed . "
Or , " All great artists draw from the same resource : the human heart , which tells us that we are all more alike than we are unalike . "
At moments in the book she sounds like an elderly relative , distraught at the wayward manners of the young .
In one , she delivers a broadside against vulgarity .
" I 'm always disappointed when people do n't live up to their potential , " she says to me .
" I know that a number of people look down on themselves and consequently on everybody who looks like them . "
She suggests that this mindset is at the root of black kids thinking that to do well at school is to " act white " .
" But that , too , can change , " argues Angelou , as she shifts into full - on aspirational gear .
" I like the idea that people can have a dress - up night .
I like the idea that people might have a tuxedo or a cocktail dress .
It means ' I have a place to go . '
It means , ' I can be better than this .
I can speak more intelligently than this .
I can cook more deliciously . ' "
She breaks into a recitation of one of James Weldon Johnson 's poems .
" The glory of the day was in her face , The beauty of the night was in her eyes .
And over all her loveliness , the grace Of Morning blushing in the early skies . "
" That 's beautiful .
He 's not just saying , ' I want your body ' …
That 's tacky . "
She laughs .
At other times she sounds like the kind of elderly relative who has outlived the need for social convention .
Arguing for honesty at every level of human contact , she writes : " When people ask , ' How are you ? ' have the nerve sometimes to answer truthfully .
You must know , however , that people will start avoiding you … "
Sure enough , halfway through the interview she tells me I 'm fat and suggests I pay more attention to the size of my portions .
" You are going to have to lose that weight .
You 're too young and too handsome .
Do n't do it to yourself . "
Given the exhaustive autobiographical work for which she is known , it is stunning to think that she has much more to share .
She has written six memoirs , starting with her birth in St Louis , Missouri and ending with the assassination of Martin Luther King , whom she knew , which inspired her to write her first autobiographical work – I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings .
What prompted her to write this book ?
" I had no daughters , " she says .
" I had a son who was the best thing that ever happened to me in my life .
But in reality I have lots of daughters .
Black ones , white ones , Asian ones and Jewish ones and the Spanish - speaking ones …
Sometimes I 'll get a thousand pieces of mail a week from young women who think I 'm wise .
So they use me as a mother and I think of them as my daughters .
So I thought it was time to say , ' Listen , kids , I have been here and done this .
I got into this scrape and got out of it .
I paid for it .
I want you to know that if you take this road in the dark , to the left there 's a big hole and if you 're not careful you 'll step in it and break your foot . ' "
Most people would struggle to get one book out of their first 40 years .
But then Angelou is not most people .
She fell in plenty of holes , but somehow managed to come out skipping with her bones intact .
To know her life story is to simultaneously wonder what on earth you have been doing with your own life and feel glad that you did n't have to go through half the things she has .
Before she hit 40 she had been a professional dancer , prostitute , madam , lecturer , activist , singer and editor .
She had lived in Ghana and Egypt , toured Europe with a dance troupe and settled in pretty much every region of the United States .
She was raped as a child and did not speak for five years after the man who raped her was kicked to death – she believed that by saying who had done it , her voice itself had killed him .
As a teenager her first sexual encounter – embarked upon because she was bored and insecure – produced a son , Guy .
For the last 41 years she has hardly been idle .
There have been several volumes of poetry , one of which – Just Give Me A Cool Drink Of Water ' Fore I Diiie – was nominated for a Pulitzer .
She played Kunta Kinte 's grandmother in Roots and wrote a screenplay , Georgia , Georgia , which was the first original script by a black woman to be produced .
She recited her poem , On The Pulse Of The Morning , at Bill Clinton 's inauguration and was one of the few women allowed to the podium to address Louis Farrakhan 's Million Man March .
She married at least three times .
For the last couple of decades she has merged her various talents into a kind of performance art – issuing a message of personal and social uplift by blending poetry , song and conversation .
She is like the Desiderata in human form – issuing a litany of imperatives and exhortations to be fabulous , conscious , passionate and compassionate .
A professional hopemonger , her poems have titles such as Phenomenal Woman , Still I Rise and Weekend Glory .
In the introduction to her latest book , she commands : " Try to be a rainbow in someone 's cloud .
Do not complain …
Never whine …
Be certain that you do not die without having done something wonderful for humanity . "
I have met Angelou before , in 2002 in Los Angeles where she was performing .
It was a great day .
We had lunch and drank whiskey in her chauffeur - driven limo on the way to Pasadena where she was performing .
En route I told her stories I hoped would make her laugh and she sang poetry .
On the way back we drank more whiskey and she teased me about the pretentious hotel I was staying in .
Much about her remains the same .
Her southern formality – addressing everybody by their surname and insisting on being addressed herself as Dr Angelou – remains , along with her cinnamon skin and an Olympian smile .
She is still curious and extremely courteous .
After asking after my family , she proceeds to ask the photographer 's assistants their names and home towns , only to question them about the lineage of both and then offer a short history lesson .
One of the assistant 's names is Esner .
" That 's German , is n't it ? " she asks .
" I have no idea , " he says .
" Yes , it was originally Eisner and they changed it . "
And then there is the slow manner in which she speaks , not with a drawl , but deliberation .
Rather than fly , she still prefers to ride on a tour bus .
Back then she was renting Prince 's bus while waiting for the one she designed to be decked out in kente cloth .
Now she has another bus , which she also designed , covered in a different African print , in which she is planning to take the 42 - hour drive from New York to San Francisco a few days after our interview .
When we first met she was in the process of buying property in Harlem .
Now she is in it – a lordly brownstone , custom - built , complete with a lift , in the bosom of the area that produced so many of the poets she is keen on reciting .
On the first floor the walls are decked with paintings , including several jazz trumpeters and a watercolour of Rosa Parks sitting at the front of the bus , alongside a Faith Ringgold work entitled Maya 's Quilt Of Life and several African wall hangings .
But the biggest difference between then and now is her health .
Seven years ago , when the subject of her age came up , she joked that her breasts were in a race to see which would touch her waist first and started singing the final verse of her poem On Aging :
" I'm the same person I was back then
A little less hair , a little less chin ,
A lot less lungs and much less wind .
But ai n't I lucky I can still breathe in . "
I had observed : " She may pause to catch her breath mid-sentence .
And her 6ft frame may move hesitantly and with a stoop .
But beyond the inconveniences of time and gravity , she is in fine form . "
Seven years on she is frail .
Well enough to make it down the stairs on her own , but sufficiently delicate that she would measure each step as she measures her words – with care and caution .
Then she needed only a cane and the occasional offer of an arm ; today she uses a walker .
At one point she gets frustrated when she tries to dial a number and her fingers refuse to comply .
A plastic tube attached to her nose plies her with oxygen to help with her chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
One of her lungs has collapsed .
" I smoked for 40 years , so I 'm paying those dues , " she says .
Of the tube she says , " I sleep with it .
I teach without it .
I would n't go all day without it . "
And then she smiles .
" But I 'm fine as wine in the summertime . "
Last month the TMZ website , which broke the news of Michael Jackson 's passing , claimed she had been hospitalised in Los Angeles .
By the time the blogosphere got hold of it there were rumours that she had died .
The " news " reached CNN before one of Angelou 's team pointed out that she was actually in St Louis , alive and well .
Angelou heard of her own death in the early hours of the morning and , not surprisingly , found the whole episode very upsetting : " My little grandson , the younger of the two , telephoned , and weeping , [ said ] ' I want to talk to my Grandma ! Grandma ! Grandma !'
I said , ' I 'm fine , honey , ' " she later said .
" I have family in Europe and in Africa , and they have phoned me in tears , trying to find [ out ] am I all right , am I alive , " Angelou told a local St Louis TV station .
" I have family here , a family of friends here , all over the country , who called me , responding to an erroneous account that I was sick and maybe even dying in Los Angeles .
I was anxious to come [ back ] to St Louis , but I was n't dying even to come to St Louis , " Angelou joked .
Nonetheless
I suggest to her that there are moments in Letter To My Daughter that read like an extended farewell .
In the space of the 500 - word introduction , she mentions death twice and states near the beginning : " My life has been long , and believing that life loves the liver of it , I have dared to try many things , sometimes trembling , but daring still . "
Angelou shrugs at the suggestion .
" Well I 'm dealing with my 81 - itis , " she says , mildly whipping her oxygen cord for effect .
" And I expect that next year it will be 82 - itis .
I do n't have as far to go as I had to come .
But I 'm not making any arrangements and I plan to keep working as long as I can . "
She is writing another cookbook , Great Food All Day Long , and when that is done she says she wants to write a letter to her sons .
I wonder what she will tell her sons about the presidential election of 2008 .
The year America elected a black man to be president and Angelou – who worked with both Malcolm X and Martin Luther King – backed his opponent , Hillary Clinton , in the Democratic primaries .
Given her support for Clarence Thomas for the Supreme Court and her excitement at the appointment of Condoleezza Rice and Colin Powell to the Bush Administration , her support for Obama would have been consistent with a desire to see black faces in the highest places that is not obviously fettered by ideology .
But Angelou , who was raised for much of her childhood in Stamps , Arkansas , had known Hillary for several decades and had liked what she had seen .
" My connection was with Hillary Clinton , " she says .
" I had watched her when she was the first lady of Arkansas .
I thought this white girl would come to Arkansas and play croquet on the lawn and throw tea parties .
And she was just the opposite .
She worked on public health and education … even prisons .
When her husband ran for the presidency and she said she was not going to bake cookies , I thought , ' I 'm going to watch her for a while . '
" I told her then : ' If you ever run for anything , I 've got your back .
I 'd never heard of Senator Obama .
So when she said she was running for president I said , ' I 've got your back . ' "
When it became clear that Hillary could not win , some Democratic party grandees asked her to try to persuade Hillary to step down .
" I told them , ' I 'm backing her .
I 'll step down when she steps down . '
When she stepped down , I went over to President Obama . "
She concedes that she never thought America would put a black man in the White House in her lifetime .
" In 100 years ' time or maybe 50 , " she says .
" But not now , no .
I did not believe it could happen now . "
With hindsight , how does she think it came about ?
" The terrorist action of 9/11 gave birth to President Obama 's entry to the White House , " she suggests .
" Not directly but indirectly . "
She launches into a lyrical riff on Obama 's campaign slogan , " Yes we can " which explains that that feeling of boundless possibility encompasses the best and worst of what the country has to offer .
" Yes I can .
I can do whatever I want to do .
I can do both the best and worst I can imagine .
I can own human beings .
I can have slaves .
Yes I can .
I can be the best human being ever .
I can defeat slavery and segregation .
Yes I can .
I can be so cruel I can tax people out of their homes .
Yes I can .
I can have the greatest charities in the world .
Yes I can . "
The Bush Administration instilled , incited and then exploited fear , she says , which ran counter to the American spirit .
" What happened was the leaders began to offer and introduce fear to the people .
Fear ? " she says , as though it were an aberration to America 's national mood .
" Braggadocio , yes .
Boldness , yes .
But get tin foil and scotch tape for your windows ?
It 's ridiculous .
It began to weaken the resolve that is American .
So when someone said we are better than that , people breathed more freely .
They wanted to say , Let America be America Again , " she says , citing Langston Hughes 's poem .
And what does she think now she has seen Obama in action ?
" Well , he 's stepped into a hornets ' nest , " she says , referring to the mess Bush has bequeathed .
" People want to know how he is doing during his first 100 days , but that 's not realistic .
We 'll have to wait maybe two years . "
Somehow , notwithstanding her support for Hillary , I had expected her to be more excited .
But then I realise Obama is literally old enough to be her grandson and that she is not easily fazed .
When I ask what she does to relax , it sounds as though she mostly naps , only to wake and receive awards .
The night before our interview , she was being honoured with a $ 500 - a- head fundraiser for the Maya Angelou Centre for Health Equity at Saks Fifth Avenue .
The evening after , Black Entertainment Television was giving her the Healing The Race award .
Two days later , she was honoured at Glamour magazine 's 2009 women of the year , alongside Michelle Obama , Rihanna , Serena Williams and others .
I joke that it was considerate of those who dispense awards to give her one day off .
A smile stretches clean across her face .
" Well , it 's Sunday , " she says .
" And I have to go to church . " •
• Letter To My Daughter is published by Virago at £ 12.99 .
To order a copy for £ 11.99 , including UK mainland p&p , go to theguardian.com / bookshop or call 0330 333 6846 .
October 30 , 2009 - TF2 Team
Remember yesterday when Team Fortress 2 was on sale for the ridiculous , mathematically - basically - zero price of $ 2.49 ?
According to the bean counters , we 're now broke .
Man , what were we thinking ?
Anyway , in a desperate attempt to move some units , make up the shortfall , and save the company , TEAM FORTRESS 2 IS ON SALE FOR $ 2.50 UNTIL 7PM PDT !
Pennies from Heaven !
" Gee , " you may be thinking , " I already bought a copy . "
Well , sure , but did you buy extra copies to give away as holiday gifts ?
Because - thanks to Steam 's gifting system - you totally can .
Here 's the best part :
You can buy a bunch of copies now for $ 2.50 , then when your grandparents unwrap them on Christmas morning , TF2 will be selling for $ 19.99 again .
They 'll think you spent almost 700 % more than you actually did !
It 's like you 're stealing from us and lying to your grandparents !
It 's the perfect crime !
And because we 're so crazy , for all we know , by the time December rolls around , we might be selling Team Fortress 2 for six hundred bucks .
Or more !
Who knows ?
OH MY GOD GO BUY SOME PRESENTS !
Alcatel - Lucent / Bell Labs
This 1974 photo shows Bell Labs researchers Boyle ( left ) and Smith with their CCD .
Text Size A A
The 2009 Nobel Prize in Physics recognizes two separate achievements in optical technology that have transformed spectroscopy , photography , and communication .
Willard S. Boyle , 85 , and George E. Smith , 79 , will share half of the $ 1.4 million prize " for the invention of an imaging semiconductor circuit — the CCD sensor " or charge - coupled device .
A CCD can accumulate light - inducing charges over its metal - oxide semiconductor surface and uses so - called charge bubbles to record images in electronic form .
The technology is the basis for digital photography , and is at the heart of many spectroscopic instruments .
Boyle and Smith dreamed up the CCD one October day while working at Bell Laboratories in Murray Hill , N.J in 1969 .
During a discussion that took no more than an hour they sketched out the device 's basic structure and principles of operation .
They even discussed possible applications .
Today the devices are used in scanners , satellite surveillance , electron microscopy , and most optical spectrometers .
Charles K. Kao , 75 , garnered the other half the prize " for groundbreaking achievements concerning the transmission of light in fibers for optical communication . "
In 1966 , while working at Standard Telecommunication Laboratories , in Harlow , England , Kao made a discovery that would lead to modern fiber optic communication .
He investigated the fundamental properties of optical fibers with respect to communication , taking into consideration both the physics and materials properties necessary .
Ultimately , he determined that optical communication would be possible with very pure fibers .
Modern telephone , internet , and cable television are all possible because of the groundwork Kao laid .
According to the Nobel committee , were we to unravel all the glass fibers currently in use , we would a have a single strand long enough to encircle the globe 25,000 times .
My , how things have changed !
In 2000 , scientists from the Worldwatch thinktank in Washington teamed up with the UN to spot the greatest threats to the planet over the coming years .
Top of the list was ecosystem collapse , such as deforestation and the demise of corals ; second were health and diseases , such as Sars and Aids ; and third was global poverty .
The world 's top environmental analysts gave climate change only four paragraphs in an eight - page essay – little more than malaria , trade , air pollution , population , fresh water or food supplies .
Carbon emissions , they reported , were " continuing to decline " and global temperatures were " steady " .
How quaint .
Ten years later , climate change is equal top of the international agenda .
The world is locked into insanely complex talks to reduce emissions , and green groups and government shout as one that we have only a few years to avoid apocalypse .
The polar bear on the melting ice flow has become an iconic picture of the decade , business has painted itself green , we 've changed our lightbulbs and wind power has taken off .
As Al Gore – in 2000 the new presidential nominee of the Democratic party – said , " We are all environmentalists now . "
All this in a decade ?
What on earth happened ?
Climate change took off on the back of science and a storm of weather - related disasters .
The huge floods in Mozambique that displaced millions of people in January 2000 laid down a marker of what was to come .
Within months , India was struck by one of its worst droughts , and 4.5 million people were made homeless by floods in Cambodia and Thailand .
By 2003 , record numbers of cyclones , hurricanes , heatwaves , droughts , fires , whirlwinds and floods killed tens of thousands of people .
It took record temperatures in Britain and 30,000 people to die in the 2003 European heatwave to bring climate change closer to home , but what perhaps clinched the big idea that Earth was in trouble was the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami , which killed more than 300,000 people .
It had nothing to do with global warming but it reinforced the idea of the power of nature .
Eight months later , Hurricane Katrina swept away parts of Louisiana along with much of the US 's scepticism for climate change .
Meanwhile , more studies linked weather extremes to man-made emissions .
Isolated contrarians claimed warming was natural , linked to sunspots and would be good for growing grapes in Britain .
But in 2007 the Met office announced that 11 of the last 13 years had been the warmest on record , while a consensus of 2,000 UN climate scientists said climate change was not just " unequivocal " but most of it was man-made .
Corporate greenwash reached new heights in 2000 , with BP rebranding itself Beyond Petroleum and the global nuclear industry calling itself " environmentally indispensable " .
The action then moved to Wall Street and the City ; by 2007 , Lehman Brothers in New York had set up an internal global council on climate change , and the same companies that had grown fat financing opencast coal mines , oil rigs and SUV plants began advising clients to Get Into Green .
In 2006 , Nicholas Stern , a former World Bank economist at the UK Treasury , reported that business as usual in a climate - changing world meant economic meltdown .
Politicians , industry , bankers and the media jumped aboard the green express , seeing dollar signs in emerging carbon markets and new technologies .
In fact , several other important events defined the environmental decade .
One was China , which in 2008 officially overtook the US as the world 's biggest greenhouse gas emitter .
Its dash for development matched the west 's consumption boom , and sucked in forests , minerals and fuel from all over the world .
But by mid-decade its scientists and politicians had seen the plunging water tables , choked on the coal pollution and realised that it could not continue .
China now leads the world in rolling out technological solutions .
Over the decade the world 's population grew from just over 6.1 billion to about 6.9 billion .
That increase is equivalent to nearly 12 new Britains , or three new Americas , or a new Africa ; or almost exactly the number of people alive in 1750 .
The majority were born in the poorest countries , off the west 's radar , but it 's clear that population and climate will define the centuries ahead ,
As 2009 ends , the climate situation appears to be worse than anyone had thought , with 4C temperature rises a certainty within 50 years if nothing changes .
But like the calm before the storm in 2000 , temperatures are steady and carbon emissions are falling because the recession has temporarily reduced industrial production and consumption .
So what about deforestation , the decline of coral reefs , the loss of fresh water , the rise of global diseases , pollution and all that poverty the UN feared ?
Oh yes , they all got worse .
But at least we can blame climate change now .
Numbers Applications released to app store
according to Flurry ,
… In October , one out of every five new applications launching on the iPhone was a book , Flurry said . [ … ” frameborder= ” 0 ″ allowfullscreen
>
So much so , that book - related applications overtook games in the App Store as a percentage of all released apps .
The trend is n’t an aberration .
In October , one out of every five new applications launching on the iPhone was a book , Flurry said .
Work can be very bad for your health if you are in the wrong job .
If you are a carpenter , fitter , electrician , plumber or gas fitter , you run an above average risk of dying from an asbestos - related disease .
If you are coal miner , there an abnormally high chance that you will die of pneumoconiosis , whereas if you are mining for any mineral other than coal , or working in a quarry , the risk is that silicosis will kill you .
And publicans , bar staff and kitchen staff , particularly if they are male , are statistically more likely than other people to be killed by drink .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The new statistics that show how work can kill come from a huge study by a research team led by Professor David Coggon of Southampton University , who took data from more than 40,000 death certificates issued during the 1990s to collate how people died and what jobs they had done in their lifetimes .
However , their research , published yesterday by the Office for National Statistics comes with a warning not to overinterpret the bald figures .
" The results are purely statistical , which means that they cannot prove a causal link between an occupation and a disease , proving only evidence of a statistical association , " the study 's authors say .
For example , it is a fact that male hairdressers are much more likely than almost anyone else to die from Aids .
But this does not in any case suggest that cutting hair causes Aids , because the statistics also show that women hairdressers are less likely than most people to die from the disease .
There are other professional groups that are also at greater than average risk from Aids , including tailors , dressmakers , nurses , journalists and other literary and artistic types .
Creative people , and people in certain trades in the construction industry , are also more likely than most to die from drug abuse .
Another mystery , which has shown up previously in statistical surveys of this kind , is an unusually high death rate from lymphatic cancer among schoolteachers and university lecturers .
There have been serious studies trying to pinpoint whether there is something in the classroom or a lecture hall that is silently killing them , but so far , none has been uncovered .
However , one bright statistician has noticed that the same professional group has a very low death rate from lung cancer or heart disease .
By behaving sensibly , they have seemingly avoided the commonest killers , but still have to die from something .
Hence what the statisticians call the " spurious consequence " of an unusually high incidence of a different cancer .
The figures also reveal that doctors , dentists , vets , nurses , and women working in the ambulance service are more likely than most people to commit suicide .
That should not be taken to mean that their work drives them to despair .
What it shows is that when health workers feel suicidal , they have the know - how to kill themselves , and the means are readily to hand .
The statistics also suggested that if you work behind a bar , or you are a man working in the construction industry you are unusually likely to be murdered .
For bar staff , that may be a hazard of working among people fuelled by drink .
Among construction workers the cause is not , so far as is known , the work itself that draws violence .
Statistically , by far the most dangerous thing anyone can do during the course of their work – perhaps not surprisingly – is drive a car .
During the period covered by the study , about 130 men and five women were killed each year by accidents at work , and more than 50 of those were in car accidents .
Shares
Editor ’s note : Kausik Datta , Ph.D. is postdoctoral research fellow at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine .
He works in immunology , specifically as related to two major mycoses ( Aspergillosis and Cryptococcosis ) .
Rationality and skepticism have been his long - standing interests , which led him into science - and evidence - based medicine .
This is his first contribution to this blog .
Quackademic ‘ Medicine ’* is a collective of pseudoscientific , data - free , evidence - less , nonsensical therapeutic modalities ( the so - called “ alternative ” therapies ) – otherwise known as “ complementary and alternative ” medicine ( CAM ) or integrative or holistic medicine .
These include , among other things , chelation therapy ( for autism and cardiovascular diseases ) ; chiropractic ; use of random nutritional supplements ; abuse of various prescription drugs ; coffee enemas ; naturopathy ; homeopathy ; reiki ; energy healing that invokes manipulation of ‘ life force ’ or qi ; acupuncture ; ‘ healing touch ’ , and intercessory prayer – the list goes on , since there is essentially no limit to human stupidity and no depth that the human mind cannot plumb .
Qualified professionals – those who are in the business of doing the hard work of science to gather critical evidence regarding the action of a therapy , as well as those who implement those modalities routinely and save lives – may perhaps find it easy to dismiss the proponents of quackademic medicine as an ill - informed , misguided , or downright lunatic , fringe .
However , much like a bad case of household mold infestation , this community with its myrmidons continues to thrive and grow , impervious to reason , immune to evidence , unable to comprehend the danger they pose ( and the harm they cause ) to themselves , their children and millions of others on the planet .
As discussed in the science blog Respectful Insolence , a large part of that harm derives from their promotion of unfounded ( and repeatedly proven to be untrue ) fears of vaccines causing autism , discouraging a lot of parents from vaccinating their children and prompting many of them to seek quack treatments ( some of which are potentially dangerous ) to try to ‘ cure ’ autistic
children .
But still another part – a far more pernicious and pervasive one – has to do with the growing presence ( and , it seems , acceptance ) of quackademic pseudoscience in establishments of mainstream academic medicine .
Most holistic medicine systems ( of which CAM , in its current avatar , forms a part ) were developed in pre-scientific cultures at a time when important tenets of modern medicine were not around , such as the germ theory of infectious disease ( the basis for myriads of successful public health measures ) , in - depth knowledge of anatomy , physiology and biochemistry , and most importantly , the scientific method , including basic research , evidence - based medicine and clinical trials .
Modern medicine emerged in the late 19th century , after much struggle with the existing alternative therapeutic practices .
In modern times , much of the holistic medical systems have directly borrowed from outmoded , outdated , often incorrect , and mostly ideology - or religious faith - based concepts from the pre-modern medicine days ; but a signficant part of the CAM movement has taken a different approach , euphemistically called ‘ biomedical treatment ’ .
This term has caught the fancy of the alternative medicine crowd , particularly those of the ‘ vaccine - causes - autism ’ flavor .
In this approach , they take various substances of biological or biochemical origin at random – such as various amino acids ( or chemical modifications thereof ) , vitamins , chelators of divalent cations ( such as EDTA ) , enzymes and other nutritional supplements , probiotics , and so forth – and put them into the body of the so - called patients ( including autistic children ) through various routes .
Of course , not only there is n’t a shred of evidence that any of this , alone or in combination , actually works to ‘ cure ’ anything ( including autism ) , this approach unerringly reveals a profound ignorance of physiology and biochemistry of any healthy or diseased systems , as well as an egregious lack – on part of the CAM practitioners – of caring and empathy with the recipients , who are nothing less than victims of negligence and abuse , for unregulated alternative medical practices can turn quite deadly .
And for the conspiracy theorists amongst the CAM crowd who insist that all medical research is sponsored the evil pharmaceutical companies whose only goal is taking people ’s money , CAM therapies of various flavors can easily run upto thousands of dollars every month .
If CAM is all holistic medicine , why this insistence on using biochemical substances of doubtful provenance ?
Ah , therein lies the nub of the affair .
All form of CAM practitioners , all purveyors of pseudoscientific nonsensical modalities , crave , above all , the veneer of legitimacy and respectability .
They have been steadily pushing for that for quite some time now .
The CAMsters desire to camouflage their ignorance and weird beliefs with science -y sounding ideas and concepts , so that their quackery is considered science without them having to go through the hard , often ill - remunerated , work that is the scientific method .
As David Gorski has indicated in his post , the CAM crowd starts by co-opting and corrupting the language of science , resulting in scientifically untenable concepts ( such as chelation therapy , and ‘ detoxication ’ , an extremely popular term with the CAM followers ) , unethical practices ( such as injection of untested stem cells into cerebrospinal fluid ) , oversimplified theories ( such as gluten - free / casein - free diet fixing a “ leaky gut ” , when , in reality , the “ leaky gut ” is an extreme and potentially lethal stage in the progression of Celiac disease , a genetic condition ) , and so on .
Next step in pushing CAM is to produce and publish in journals that appear to contain science , but not quite , as if an article in print were an automatic ascension to credence and respectability .
And now to complete the circle , the CAMsters are holding meetings that have all the trappings of a scientific meet ; this includes a recent meeting of a vaccine - denying , autism - pseudoscience - promoting group , that is to be held at the University of Toronto , an institution with a rich history of quality medical education and research ( see below ) .
This begs the questions : ( a) Is the University of Toronto a willing accomplice to this woo- mongering , or has it been duped ?
( b) Is there a growing acceptance of pseudoscience at premier medical centers in North America ?
To answer , first a small history lesson :
Though modern medicine began its steady journey in the late 19th century , institutionalization of medical education and teaching in the United States did not commence until after 1910 .
Prior to that , medical education and practice in the US left a lot to be desired , with poor standards of training , understaffed and inadequate medical schools , wide disparity in their curricula , methods of assessment , and requirements for admission and graduation .
In 1908 , the Council on Medical Education of the American Medical Association commissioned the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching to survey the state of American medical education and suggest reform measures wherever necessary .
The job was entrusted to Abraham Flexner , a professional educator with the Carnegie Foundation , with experience of the education system in continental Europe .
He visited all of 155 medical schools in existence in North America at that time , and compiled a report in 1910 , which made several bold recommendations ( discussed here ) that forever changed the structure and practices of American medical education and medicine in general .
In his report , Flexner came down hard on various forms of ‘ alternative ’ medicine whose scientific validity was questionable , even recommending closure or loss of accreditation and underwriting support for such medical schools as offered training in those .
On the other hand , several schools received praise for excellent performance , including the Harvard Medical School , Case Western Reserve University , McGill University , University of Toronto , and especially the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine – the latter being described as ‘ model for medical education ’ .
It is important to re-emphasize at this point that we are talking about premier medical education and research institutions , institutions that should necessarily distance themselves from pseudoscientific approaches on doubtful provenance and non-existent efficacies , or at least provide truthful information ( as the Mayo Clinic has done ) .
These are the institutions that should additionally recognize that ideology - or faith - based approaches to medicine , lacking evidence or any kind of rational justification , often engender false hope , leading the patients , their friends and family members through a deplorable waste of time , effort , energy , as well as of money .
Therefore , we can perhaps reasonably expect them to be at the forefront of the scientific community ’s battle against the proliferation of ignorance , delusions and pseudoscientific mumbo - jumbo , ca n ’t we ?
Erm …
No , it appears !
In a thoughtfully presented report in 2008 , the US News and World Report mentioned that :
All 18 hospitals on U.S. News ’s 2008 “ America ’s Best Hospitals ” superselective Honor Roll provide CAM of some type .
Fifteen of the 18 also belong to the three - year - old Consortium of Academic Health Centers for Integrative Medicine , 36 U.S. teaching hospitals pushing to blend CAM with traditional care …
Each center has its own notion of CAM and how best to fit it into the medical mix , which can be challenging .
“ There is rarely a consensus among CAM experts on the optimal product , dose , or intended users , ” states a report from the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine , an arm of the National Institutes of Health charged with doling out research funds and tidying the thicket of therapies deemed to fall within CAM ’s broad reach .
The report also observed that :
At one extreme are found techniques such as yoga and massage , acknowledged by the most hard - line skeptics to have some benefit , if only to lower stress and anxiety .
At the other are therapies that even many who applaud CAM ’s new - found academic popularity call “ woo - woo medicine ” because of the sheer implausibility of their rationale .
Homeopathy , which involves remedies often lacking a single molecule of active substance , is the poster child ; some would add energy therapies such as healing touch .
The broad middle takes in acupuncture , herbal medicine , and other CAM approaches that seem to benefit some people with certain conditions .
Until the mid-1990s , most academic centers treated CAM like a pack of scruffy mutts , noisy and unworthy of notice .
A large pot of federal and foundation research funds — now close to $ 250 million per year just from NCCAM and the National Cancer Institute , plus tens of millions more from private donors such as the Bravewell Collaborative — helped turn that sniffy attitude into solicitous attention , says longtime CAM commentator Donald Marcus .
“ The funding gave them respect from the medical school community , ” says Marcus , a professor of medicine and immunology at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , where he has long taught a CAM course .
As mentioned above , many of the premier universities of the US now sport Centers for studying “ integrative medicine ” or CAM .
Most of these centers are engaged in legitimate research work dealing with some psychological studies among HIV positive patients and yoga - breathing techniques for alleviation of chronic fatigue in cancer patients ( The Osher Center for Integrative Medicine of the University of California at San Francisco ) ; chronic pain management ( as in cancer patients ) , including animal modeling and mechanistic studies related to genesis , metastasis and treatment of cancer ( Johns Hopkins Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine ) , and so forth .
But not all .
At the Cleveland Clinic , for example , NIH money has been poured into a clinical trial to investigate the effect of reiki , an “ energy therapy ” , in reduction of stress and anxiety in prostate cancer patients .
The integrative medicine program at Children ’s Memorial Hospital in Chicago , the principal pediatric teaching hospital for Northwestern University ’s Feinberg School of Medicine , is involved in various types of unconventional therapy , and David Steinhorn , MD , a pediatric intensivist and medical director of the hospital ’s CAM program , indicates that several privately funded trials are underway or in the works .
According to the US News report , Steinhorn is a passionate champion of investigating CAM therapies , no matter how unlikely , if he believes they may help patients and are safe .
“ I ’m a very serious , hard - core ICU doctor , but I have seen these therapies benefit my patients , even if I do n’t know how , ” he says .
Other elite centers like the Mayo Clinic , Duke University Medical Center , the University of California San Francisco , University of Maryland School of Medicine , the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , and others now offer acupuncture , massage , and other CAM services .
It is often claimed in CAM literature that a few CAM treatments have demonstrated at least modest results .
Massage shows promise for relieving postoperative pain .
Studies were done demonstrate that acupuncture is somewhat effective at relieving nausea from chemotherapy or surgery and discomfort from dental procedures .
It is used at Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York , among others , for relief of chemotherapy - related nausea , and at many centers for chronic pain – from arthritis , for example .
Clinical trials are still going on to determine the efficacy of acupuncture in a variety of different situations involving post - operative nausea and vomiting .
However , analyses of reported studies on acupuncture / acupressure , as well as subsequent studies , have demonstrated ( a ) no effects on the natural history of any disease , ( b ) disappointing results in acute and chronic pain management , and ( c ) no evidence for a specific peri-operative antinausea or antiemetic effect ( extensively reviewed here , here and here ) .
Perhaps it is a matter of great irony that schools named in the Flexner report of 1910 as paragons of virtues in medical education have all now embraced pseudoscientific , evidence - free therapeutic systems with great alacrity .
I wrote above how University of Toronto seems to have bought into the autism - pseudoscience business .
Harvard employs amongst its faculty Dr. Martha Herbert , who is known for her grandiose claims ( completely unsupported by any evidence ) that neuroinflammation is a major cause of autism , and that molds and other environmental influences trigger it ; she is also very popular amongst the anti-vaccination crowd .
McGill University of Canada , by far the sanest of all these , recently launched a searchable database of outcome measures intended for CAM researchers – the IN - CAM Outcomes Database – as a collaboration between its Health Centre Research Institute and the University of Calgary .
Interestingly , Eric Fombonne , MD , the Head of the Division of Child Psychiatry at McGill and Director of the Department of Psychiatry at the Montreal Children ’s Hospital , and a leading authority on Autism Spectrum Disorders , is the author of studies that showed ( a ) no difference in mercury levels between autistic children and the general population , thereby invalidating the entire chelation therapy business , and ( b ) no link between MMR - vaccine and autism , but one does n’t – of course – find a mention of these studies in autism - pseudoscience literature .
I was particularly outraged by the description of a severe woo - woo infestation at the Johns Hopkins School of Nursing .
Their Spring 2007 magazine was quite illuminating ( the PDF of the issue here ) :
In an effort to broaden their methods for healing , Johns Hopkins nursing faculty and students are increasingly looking outside the scope of conventional training to explore Complementary and Alternative Therapies … techniques like massage therapy , acupuncture , meditation , yoga , herbs , Reiki , aromatherapy , and others that fall under a broad category of healing systems and methods called Complementary and Alternative Medicine ( CAM ) …
At the Johns Hopkins University School of Nursing , the Introduction to Complementary and Alternative Healthcare has become a popular choice among students since it was first introduced in 1998 …
As an evidence of the extent to which CAM has been institutionalized , faculty and students of the JH School of Nursing may also attend lectures and workshops ( ’at reduced rates ’ ) at the Tai Sophia Institute , in Laurel , Maryland , which offers courses and master ’s degree programs in acupuncture , herbal medicine , and applied healing arts .
Says Lori Edwards , MPH , RN , APRN , BC , who teaches the Introduction to CAM course , “ Nursing students should be learning about CAM because the patients nurses are working with are using these modalities . ”
However , rather than discouraging these unproven , unscientific practices , the nurses are encouraged to “ … teach patients how to blend alternative practices with conventional medical care … ”
In her course , Edwards discusses the four categories of CAM , as designated by the NCCAM : mind - body methods ( such as meditation , yoga , and prayer ) ; biologically - based methods ( such as the use of herbs or homeopathy ) ; manual healing methods ( massage , acupuncture , and chiropractic care ) ; and energy therapies ( Reiki ) .
Nursing School Faculty member Carol Libonati , MS , APRN , BC , CS-P , is a practitioner of Reiki , and uses a series of hand positions done either just above or directly on the body to restore “ the normal energy flow ” .
According to her , “ a subtle energy flows from the practitioner into the client , and the energy creates a healing effect . ”
Let me emphasize that : Prayer as medicine , Homeopathy , reiki – all under official sanction .
The fact that there is an absolute lack of evidence that any of this works , ever , seems to have been conveniently dismissed .
It also turns out that according to a US Government report ( from the NCCAM , no less ) , Complementary and alternative medicine such as acupuncture , herbal supplements and meditation are big business in the United States , totaling nearly $ 34 billion in out - of - pocket spending annually ( giving the complete lie to the ‘ pharma shill ’ gambit that CAM proponents like to use to denigrate scientists working in mainstream medical research ) .
And that is hardly surprising , considering how the Senate working groups on prevention and public health ( Sen. Tom Harkin , D - IA ) – yes , that Tom Harkin – and health care quality ( Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D - MD ) are tirelessly working to institute a system that rewards health promotion , wellness and quality in health care delivery in order to restore the vitality of American lives and also save money , which is why they invited two acupuncturists from the Tai Sophia Institute in Laurel , MD , to testify before the Senate Committee on Heath , Education , Labor and Pensions ( HELP ) and “ share their recommendations for policy changes to help put the American health care system on the path to wellness “ .
Oh , the insanity of it all !
A recent article in the New York Times reported on how the Mercy Medical Center in Merced , CA , has been employing Hmong Shamans for the benefit of their large Hmong ( from Northern Laos ) patient populations .
Because many Hmong rely on their spiritual beliefs to get them through illnesses , the hospital ’s new Hmong shaman policy , the country ’s first , formally recognizes the “ cultural role of traditional healers , inviting them to perform nine approved ceremonies in the hospital , including “ soul calling ” and chanting in a soft voice . ”
Traditionally , the Hmong fear Western medicine ; in their belief system , surgery , anesthesia , blood transfusions and other common procedures are taboo .
Therefore , the new Shaman - liaison program has been devised to defuse that fear and to provide a culturally sensitive context .
The shamans are allowed to perform healing rituals , going into trances for hours , negotiating with and warding off evil spirits , and protecting the patient ’s soul from being kidnapped by some dead near - relative .
I admit I felt uneasy about this .
Granted , not many would see a huge problem with this .
The Hmong are being given the same access as their clergy as with other religions .
To many it would seem a rather reasonable compromise to get patients in sooner for proper care through scientific medicine , and that is being equitable to the people of this culture .
I am just not sure that the best interest of the Hmong is served this way in the long run ; perhaps it would serve the Hmong better to train their Shamans to dispel the fear and distrust about modern medicine and procedures amongst the Hmong community .
My concern , upon reading that NY Times article , was more generalized , more to do with the fact that unreason and irrationality , in various forms , have crept in ( and are continuing to do so ) our hospitals and medical institutions , and general institutional policy seems to be restricted to encouraging that – not taking proactive steps so as to ensure that people ( not just the patients , but ‘ prospective ’ patients as well ) are not held in thrall to the said unreason and irrationality .
Consider the instances of the reiki and Prayer Healing performed by nurses in some hospitals , including the Johns Hopkins .
The patients obviously want those , and the nurses justify those pseudoscientific
procedures as ‘ connecting ’ to those patients through their cultural beliefs .
And therein lies the slippery slope .
I guess the question is : if and when a so - called cultural belief is mired in superstition , misinformation and ignorance , how far should an institutional policy go to pander to such a belief just because it is considered culturally appropriate ?
Where to draw the line ?
Make no mistake about it : irrationality is like a cancer .
Unless diagnosed early and treated aggressively , it will eventually overwhelm the system .
The science - based medicine community must take cognizance of the potentially harmful effect of pseudoscience on humanity , and fight it at every step with reason , and evidence , and a heaping helping of scorn that it rightfully deserves .
* – The first time I came across this fantastic and apt term was in RW Donnell ’s blog .
If he has indeed coined it , a tip of my hat to him for a job well done !!
Gardai believe the 32 - year - old man who died after he was tipped into a waste disposal truck from a wheelie bin for recyclables had been asleep for an hour inside the bin before it was emptied .
It is understood he entered the bin to take a nap after he was ejected from a bed and breakfast .
The body of Declan Power , a father of one , from near Bunmahon in Co Waterford , was found at a waste recycling facility near Listowel , Co Kerry , on Friday afternoon .
It is believed Mr Power had arrived in Listowel on a fishing trip with others but had ended up at the Harvest Festival races which were taking place in Listowel on Friday .
It is understood Mr Power and another man were ejected from the B&B where they had gone to a room with a number of others because the accommodation was booked for only two people .
Garda CCTV cameras recorded Mr Power climbing into the wheelie bin at around 3.30 am .
The bin was collected an hour later by the crusher truck .
A post mortem carried out by pathologist Dr Margot Bolster on Saturday morning revealed that Mr Power died from injuries sustained in the truck .
The bins would have been automatically lifted into the trucks where waste is partially crushed by the weight of other waste .
Mr Power 's body was discovered at the waste sorting facility , at Kilmorna around three miles from Listowel at around 4 pm on Friday .
Workers who made the discovery were said to be extremely upset .
Gardai were immediately called to the scene and a thorough examination carried out .
The horrific accident has also shocked local people .
Deputy Mayor of Listowel Anthony Curtin spoke of the sense of shock : " This is a tragic accident .
This young man came to Listowel to enjoy himself .
" We are shocked here in Listowel and we offer our sympathies to his relatives and we are so sorry this happened . "
The week - long race meeting , now in its 151st year , drew huge crowds to the north Kerry town .
Source Irish Independent
Belfast Telegraph
FORT OGLETHORPE , Ga. 
In response to the Sept. 11 attacks , the football cheerleaders at a public high school here wanted to make the Bible a bigger part of Friday night games .
So , to the delight of fans , they painted messages like “ Commit to the Lord ” on giant paper banners that the players charged through onto the field .
That eight - year - old tradition ended last month after a parent expressed concern that it could prompt a First Amendment lawsuit .
Church and state were not sufficiently separate , the school district agreed , and the banners came down .
Now , a month later , the new policy has produced an unexpected result : more biblical verses than ever at football games , displayed not by cheerleaders but by fans sitting in the stands .
Startled and dismayed by the district ’s policy , this town of 9,600 people has taken up the cause  and the signs  of the cheerleaders .
Calling themselves Warriors for Christ , a twist on the school ’s Warriors nickname , fans have held rallies at churches and a local polo field and sold more than 1,600 T - shirts bearing passages from Deuteronomy and Timothy .
70 Percent of Natal and Playstation Motion Controller Projects to be New Property
On November 30 in Paris , Ubisoft announced the results of the first half of the fiscal year , reporting a 78 million Euro operating loss , which was in line with estimates .
In addition , during a question and answer portion of Ubisoft ’s investor conference call , CEO Yves Guillemot highlighted his company ’s commitment to developing games for new technologies when he revealed that Ubisoft was planning to produce “ around 10 games that will come for Natal during the first six months of the launch of Natal , and we expect between four to five games for the new controller from Sony . ”
Furthermore , when asked whether the games for Natal and Sony ’s Playstation Motion Controller would be new properties or updates on existing franchises such as Splinter Cell , Guillemot stated that “ we can consider that on those games it ’s 70 percent new property . ”
Both Natal and Sony ’s Playstation Motion Controller will use motion - sensing technology to control characters and interact with the game world .
Additionally , Microsoft believes Natal will be able to control your television with the simple flick of a wrist or by using spoken commands .
Microsoft believes that Natal will revolutionize the industry and will essentially be next - gen , as indicated by Microsoft Game Studios CEO Phil Spencer ’s statement that “ When Natal comes out it will feel like a new generation has arrived . ”
While less is known about Sony ’s Playstation Motion Controller , it can be expected that the two console producers will soon be fighting for control of a developing market for motion - controlled gaming .
Ubisoft , while announcing losses today , clearly is expectant of the potential of Natal and the Playstation Motion Controller to grow their company and to grow the industry .
Likewise , it is expected that their statement will lead to more announcements from game studios regarding similar motion - controlled games under development in the near future .
Sources : Ubisoft Press Release , MCV
The Android Opportunity
In just the past few weeks Steven Frank , Alex Payne , and Andre Torrez all tried switching from the iPhone to Android .
All three are smart , open - minded , and eloquent regarding their reasons for trying Android .
All three are developers who care about the quality and design of software and hardware .
All three found Android significantly lacking .
No doubt some iPhone owners look upon this with glee , much like sports fans watching a rival team flail .
I look upon it with glum disappointment .
I ’ve said it before and will say it again , the best thing that could happen for Apple and iPhone owners would be for at least one strong rival to appear .
Two would be even better .
A monoculture benefits no one in the long run , because it ’s competition that drives innovation .
I know there are new Android phones on the horizon .
I know there have been some nice Android OS updates .
But from my vantage point , the Android state - of - the - art is today further behind the iPhone state - of - the - art than it was when the G1 debuted last October .
Here are a few paragraphs of a piece I wrote 14 months ago regarding why I ’m rooting for Android :
Google ’s dependence on hardware and carrier partners puts the final product out of their control — and into the control of companies whose histories have shown them to be incompetent at design and hostile to users .
I ’d be happy to be proven wrong , but my hunch is that the only way we ’ll see an iPhone - caliber Android phone is if Google does what they ’ve said they ’re not going to do , which is to design and ship their own reference model “ gPhone ” .
That does n’t mean Android wo n’t still be successful in some sense if it remains on its current course , but that I do n’t expect it to be successful in the “ holy shit is this awesome ! ” sense that the iPhone is .
So far , alas , that seems prescient .
But so if Google is n’t going to stand up and produce the ideal Android phone , someone else needs to .
There ’s a theme currently brewing in the tech press that iPhone owners are up in arms regarding Apple ’s handling of the App Store .
The truth is , it is a summer of discontent for the iPhone , but not for all iPhone users , not most , not even many .
Most , in fact , are oblivious to the App Store controversy and complaints .
Those who are upset are developers and genuine technology wonks .
Those are the people who either want to switch or whose minds have at least been opened to the idea that they might want to switch .
But what they want to switch to is not a middle of the road phone .
They want a high end phone .
They do n’t want to downgrade from the iPhone .
They want to upgrade from the iPhone .
There ’s a huge opportunity here for Android phone makers .
1
No one is going to just suddenly catch up to Apple in terms of total sales .
The iPhone has grown fast , but even so , it has taken two years of growth to get where it is today .
Catching up to the iPhone in an instant — or even within a year or two — is not a feasible goal .
So forget that .
But there are ambitious goals that are feasible .
Here ’s my advice .
Start by copying what Apple has done right .
Release one new phone per year , every year .
Split that one phone into separate models by storage size , keeping all other specs the same .
Apple has shown you can make a lot of money by charging an extra $ 100 for less than $ 100 worth of flash memory .
One single phone gives developers a single device to target , and makes it easier on consumers .
It also gives the press a single device to focus its attention on .
( I ’m looking at you , Motorola . )
You ’re not going to start by taking away existing iPhone users .
Not the normal ones .
Normal iPhone owners have the good common sense to hang on to an expensive new phone for a few years ( which I say with the self - awareness that I personally have no common sense regarding the consumption of gadgetry ) .
The goal should be to make a phone that is better than the iPhone .
Better .
Even if that means more expensive ( although you should do what you can , including eat into your profit margins , to match or come close to the iPhone ’s price ) .
Remember , the original iPhone launched with a sale price of $ 599 and people lined up hundreds deep to get one .
As the iPhone goes mass market , it ’s creating a vacuum at the high end of the market for a high - quality exclusive phone .
Remember when the iPhone was new and novel ?
Now it ’s common .
Do n’t aim for the middle of the market .
That seems to be what all the other Android manufacturers are doing and it ’s the road to NobodyCaresAboutYourPhoneVille .
So instead of trying to sell half a million phones to anyone , try to sell half a million phones to a specific target : people in the market for the latest and greatest phone in the world .
This is a story line the press will love .
The press is itching to write “ iPhone No Longer King of the Hill ” headlines .
The phone needs to be as good as the iPhone in every possible way , including hardware build quality .
Web browsing needs to be iPhone quality , not “ almost iPhone quality ” .
Carefully select a handful of areas where you can beat the iPhone , and then promote the hell out of these features .
Over - the - air calendar , contact , and email syncing through Google services should beat MobileMe hands down , if only because MobileMe costs $ 100 a year and Google ’s services are free .
Emphasize that Android apps are background - capable , and that there is no centralized App Store under one company ’s ironclad control .
There are no tales of rejected Android apps because there are no rejected Android apps .
Consider trade - offs that Apple is unlikely to make , like , say , device thickness .
Beef your phone up with a bigger ( and , yes , slightly thicker ) battery than the iPhone ’s and then make battery life a major selling point .
Something along the lines of , “ The iPhone ’s battery life is fine for casual users , but serious users need more than just a few hours . ”
( You should copy Apple and seal the battery into the case , however — replaceable batteries lead to creaky , squeaky cases . )
The branding must be excellent .
No logos on the front of the phone .
No carrier logos anywhere on the device .
If Apple can do it , so can you .
If your goal is to sell more smartphones than Apple , you ’re going to fail .
If your hope is to gain a strong foothold in the market with a sub - par device , you are mistaken .
So aim high , and set your goals such that you can smugly claim victory with just a fraction of Apple ’s unit sales .
If Apple is BMW , you can be Porsche .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) is shifting to the center on a government - run public health insurance plan , warming to a version that is being supported by some Blue Dog Democrats .
Pelosi ’s recent public statements and private conversations indicate her willingness to move away from the more liberal proposal , which she had been promoting as being more cost - effective .
The centrist view was negotiated with Blue Dogs to move the bill out of the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
ADVERTISEMENT
Liberals want a public option that is tied to Medicare rates plus 5 percent .
Blue Dogs and other centrist Democrats want rates to be negotiated individually with providers .
Earlier this week , Pelosi said , “ The differences are not as great as you may think when you take it down to its different parts . ”
Pelosi brought the centrist option up Thursday with the Blue Dog leadership for the first time .
And she promoted the savings it can deliver , saying it is more than the $ 25 billion originally thought .
“ I think there are probably more savings in the negotiated rates , as well , ” Pelosi later told reporters .
Her apparent shift comes at a critical time in the healthcare debate , when both chambers are struggling to find enough votes to advance President Barack Obama Barack Hussein Obama
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting ' MORE ’s signature domestic priority .
In a sign of that trouble , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) announced Thursday that there wo n’t be a floor vote on the healthcare bill in the next two weeks .
Centrists , including many Blue Dogs , would prefer that if there is a public option in the healthcare bill , it be based on negotiated rates .
Many of those members come from rural districts and feel that Medicare rates already shortchange providers .
The Energy and Commerce panel adopted the negotiated - rates version as a way to overcome the objection of several Blue Dog Democrats about Medicare rates and other issues .
Pelosi has said there will be a public option in the House bill .
She has ruled out cooperatives and a so - called “ trigger ” fallback option .
Liberal and centrist leaders agree that the debate is moving in the direction of negotiated rates .
It ’s disappointing to liberal leaders , who scrambled Wednesday and Thursday to prove that their Medicare - based version had overwhelming support among Democrats .
“ The momentum is to pass something , ” said Raúl Grijalva ( D - Ariz . ) .
“ For some people , negotiated rates is the easiest path .
But negotiated rates effectively kills the public option . ”
Liberal leaders brought the names of 150 Democratic supporters of the Medicare - rates approach to a meeting with Pelosi on Thursday , according to a Democratic source .
It ’s not clear if that was enough to get her to shift back to that approach .
“ Yes , I think there ’s momentum , “ said Blue Dog leader Rep. Stephanie Herseth Sandlin ( D - S.D. ) .
“ They do n’t have the votes for a public option with Medicare rates . ”
But Grijalva noted that 46 members recently signed a letter pledging to vote against the centrist plan .
In the numbers game of the House , that is significant , because Republicans are expected to unite against the healthcare bill .
So if 39 Democrats oppose the plan , it would n’t get the 218 votes needed to pass .
There are 52 Blue Dogs , as well as many other centrist members not in the coalition .
“ With negotiated rates , you lose votes on the left , ” Herseth Sandlin said . “ I do n’t know that either public option can get 218 votes . ”
Last week , House leaders promoted Medicare rates , saying they would save $ 110 billion over 10 years by driving down premiums .
Negotiated rates , they said , citing unofficial Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) numbers , would save only $ 25 billion .
The level of savings is important , because Obama wants the bill to cost $ 900 billion or less .
So House members need to cut $ 200 billion from their plan .
But Pelosi and Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry Waxman ( D - Calif. ) on Thursday were promoting the savings from the version with negotiated rates , saying there ’s more than $ 25 billion .
“ There ’s clearly more savings in a public option tied to Medicare rates , ” Waxman said .
“ But if we go to negotiated rates , there are more savings than just the $ 25 billion identified by CBO . ”
Pelosi told Blue Dog leaders in a meeting Thursday that she wants the CBO to “ sharpen its pencil ” and find more savings in negotiated rates , Herseth Sandlin said .
Even if Pelosi settles on a public option , there are still several more problematic issues to resolve , such as whether to raise taxes on the wealthy to pay for it , and whether the bill would allow taxpayer dollars to go toward abortions .
The Senate is not expected to pass a bill that includes a public option , as many leading Democrats in the chamber say they do n’t have the votes .
Though many centrist House Democrats are wary of casting a vote on a bill that wo n’t ever become law , Pelosi wants to include a public option in the House version to pull the negotiations to the left .
“ We will go to the table with that strength when we are ready , ” Pelosi said Thursday .
“ But what happens in conference is another step along the way . ”
Our Website is coming soon
In the mean time connect with us with the information provided
Welcome to the Rob Kling Center for Social Informatics web site , hosted at Indiana University Bloomington , in honor of the late Rob Kling .
Among its many activities , the Center supports a speaker series , Ph.D. minor , research support for faculty fellows , the Rob Kling Social Informatics Fellowship , supporting doctoral students research , and travel support for doctoral students .
Professor Pnina Fichman of the Luddy School of Informatics , Computing and Engineering is the Director of the Rob Kling Center for Social Informatics .
RKCSI is governed by an Advisory Committee comprised of faculty from various programs at Indiana University , who support the activities of the center , its Faculty Research Fellows and the Doctoral Group .
Graduate students who are interested in Social Informatics at Indiana University , Bloomington should consider joining the doctoral student group , sponsored by the Rob Kling Center for Social Informatics .
This group hosts both social and academic events to support students across departmental boundaries .
Social Informatics ( SI ) refers to the study of social aspects of computerization , including the role of information technology in social and organizational change , the use of information technologies in social contexts , and the way that the social organization of information technologies is influenced by social forces and social practices .
A woman has transmitted cancer to her unborn daughter during pregnancy in the first proven case of the disease being passed from mother to child while in the womb .
The Japanese woman , who was 28 when she gave birth , has since died from medical complications during her treatment for leukaemia , but her daughter , who is now nearly three , is in remission , scientists said yesterday .
It is believed cancerous white blood cells passed across the placenta to the foetus from the woman and then established themselves in the blood system of the baby , who developed a swelling in her cheek 11 months after her birth .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Scientists at Britain's Institute of Cancer Research in Sutton , Surrey , were involved in carrying out the analysis of the cancer cells from both mother and child , which used an advanced form of genetic fingerprinting to show that the two cancers were derived from the same source .
It is the first time a cancer has been transmitted in the womb , although there have been about 30 other instances worldwide of mothers sharing the same kind of cancer as their infants , according to Professor Mel Greaves , who led the research team at the cancer institute .
" It appears that in this and , we presume , other cases of mother - to - offspring cancer , the maternal cancer cells did cross the placenta into the developing foetus and succeeded in implanting because they were ' invisible ' to the [ baby 's ] immune system , " Professor Greaves said .
" We are pleased to have resolved this long - standing puzzle .
But we stress that such mother - to - offspring transfer of cancer is exceedingly rare and the chances of any pregnant woman with cancer passing it on to her child are remote . "
November 14 , 2009
As an Islamic liberation force , the Mujahideen of the Islamic Emirate represent aspirations of the Afghan masses who want to free themselves from the claws of colonialism .
This is the only force , the people look to for realization of their noble aims .
Therefore , to live up to the expectation of the people , the Mujahideen�s objectives are clear .
They want to establish an Islamic system based on justice and equality and gain independence of the country where the Afghans will be owners of their own country and fate .
Education , spiritual and material uplift and reconstructions are other aims of the Islamic Emirate .
It has declared time and again that it will implement these goals upon gaining independence .
However , the intelligence agencies of the invading countries and the biased media are trying to mar the good name of Mujahideen .
Under the notorious name of terrorism , they want to create hatred among the people against the true sons of this land ( Afghanistan ) .
Even some time , these agencies resort to perpetrating gruesome crimes like explosions in congested places where hundreds of innocent people lose their lives .
Some time , they flare up sectarian violence as per the old divide and rule formula of colonialism .
Then , they accuse Mujahideen of being involved these crimes .
The Mujahideen are free from all such charges .
No Mujahid will ever want to kill an innocent Muslim or Muslima .
But the biased media constantly publish the official story and the people under the influence of the partial reports are confused and some time , misjudge the events because they do not know to tell facts from lies .
On the other hand , the mainstream media do not publish the stand of Mujahideen regarding every event , fearing the invading Americans will accuse them of helping the so - called terrorists .
In fact , the world has now been taken hostage by the media suffocation unleashed by the colonialism .
Pentagon has a psychological war department .
This department is charged with spreading lies against Mujahideen .
They spend millions of dollars to make it possible that the lies fabricated in Pentagon reach every ear in the world .
They pay high sum of money to journalists who is ready to publish maligning stories against Mujahideen .
According to a media report , a CIA cell in one of the neighboring countries of Afghanistan pay a journalist $ 1000 for a story against Mujahideen .
They put on air dramas aimed at marring the image of Mujahideen .
Ironically , the colonialists have taken this war from the battle fields to the fields of media , labor unions , business circles and scholar forums .
So they should be confronted in all these fields .
Those journalists who are committed to human dignity , liberation , and justice should form Mujahideen Support Groups and wage an unwavering and constant campaign against the black propaganda launched by the colonialists because in the final analysis , this is not the war of Taliban .
This is the war of all freedom - loving and justice - loving people all over the world who want to live as free people without the sword of colonialism hanging over their heads in this 21st century .
A man who claims he was unfairly dismissed from his job because he believes in climate change is attempting to have his environmental views recognised under religious law .
Tim Nicholson , 42 , says his beliefs on the environment are so strong they led to clashes with other senior staff at Grainger , one of the UK 's biggest property companies .
He said the chief executive , Rupert Dickinson , showed contempt for his concerns and once flew a member of staff to Ireland to deliver his BlackBerry , which he had left in London .
In March , employment judge David Neath gave Nicholson permission to take the firm to a tribunal over his treatment .
The company is challenging the ruling , arguing that environmental beliefs are not the same as religious or philosophical ones .
Nicholson , from Oxford , said his views – which compelled him to make his home more eco-friendly and do not allow him to fly – affect his entire life .
In a witness statement to the previous hearing , he said : " I have a strongly - held philosophical belief about climate change and the environment .
I believe we must urgently cut carbon emissions to avoid catastrophic climate change . "
He stopped working for Grainger as head of sustainability in July last year , having been at the company since June 2006 .
At an employment appeal tribunal in central London today , Dinah Rose QC , for Nicholson , said : " The philosophical belief in this case is that mankind is headed towards catastrophic climate change and that , as a result , we are under a duty to do all that we can to live our lives so as to mitigate or avoid that catastrophe for future generations .
" We say that that involves a philosophical and ethical position .
It addresses the question , what are the duties that we own to the environment and why ? "
She told Mr Justice Michael Burton – who ruled last year that Al Gore 's environmental documentary An Inconvenient Truth was political and partisan – that beliefs about " anthropogenic climate change " could be considered a philosophy under the Employment Equality ( Religion and Belief ) Regulations 2003 .
John Bowers QC , representing Grainger , said Nicholson 's views were based on scientific fact and were predominantly political .
" We would say that because it is political , it is dealing with an assertion of fact , " he said .
" It is a scientific view rather than a philosophical one .
Philosophy deals with matters that are not capable of scientific proof . "
A philosophy must have a comprehensive belief system .
" What Mr Nicholson asserts is a scientific claim that if we do n't urgently cut carbon emissions , we will not avoid catastrophic climate change .
There is nothing philosophical about that . "
The judge raised the removal by Lady Scotland , the attorney general , from regulations that defined beliefs as religious beliefs or those that were similar to religious beliefs of the word " similar " after atheist and humanist groups objected to comparisons of their philosophies with religion .
The result of the tribunal will determine whether Nicholson can pursue his claim for unfair dismissal .
The hearing continues .
The HIV pandemic which started 28 years ago is officially in decline , two of the world 's leading health organisations said yesterday .
The number of new HIV infections peaked in the mid-1990s and has since declined by almost a third , according to the annual update on the pandemic for 2009 , published yesterday by the Joint United Nations programme on HIV / Aids ( UNAids ) and the World Health Organisation .
It is the first time that UNAids and the WHO have confirmed that the pandemic is on a downward trend and represents a landmark in the history of the disease .
In their 2008 report , they said suggestions the epidemic had peaked were " speculation " and that it was " difficult to predict the epidemic 's future course " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
That report warned : " The HIV epidemic has repeatedly defied predictions ...
HIV is likely to have additional surprises in store that the world must be prepared to address . "
But the 2009 update throws scientific caution to the winds and instead states clearly that the pandemic has passed its zenith : " The latest epidemiological data indicate that globally the spread of HIV appears to have peaked in 1996 when 3.5 million new infections occurred .
In 2008 the estimated number of new HIV infections was approximately 30 per cent lower than at the epidemic 's peak 12 years earlier . "
It says that , in sub-Saharan Africa – the worst - affected region – new infections in 2008 were " approximately 25 per cent lower than at the epidemic 's peak in the region in 1995 " .
It adds : " Asia 's epidemic peaked in the mid-1990s and annual HIV incidence has subsequently declined by more than half .
Regionally , the epidemic has remained somewhat stable since 2000 . "
The annual report from UNAids and the WHO is the official record of the progress of HIV / Aids , and confirmation that the worst disease of modern times is in decline will be widely welcomed .
Two years ago the organisations admitted that they had overestimated the numbers affected and revised the total down from 40 million to 33 million .
Despite the fall in new infections , the number living with HIV increased last year to 33.4 million as people are surviving longer with the roll - out of antiretroviral drug treatment .
Greater access to drugs has helped cut the death toll by 10 per cent over the past five years .
There are now 4 million people on the drugs worldwide , a 10 - fold increase in five years .
The report says 2.9 million lives have been saved since effective treatment became available in 1996 but less than half the patients who need them are currently getting them .
The reasons for the decline in new infections are disputed .
UNAids said prevention programmes involving sex education , HIV awareness campaigns and distributing condoms had had an impact .
Critics said the pandemic was already in decline before prevention programmes were widely implemented and the disease was burning itself out .
Ties Boerma , a WHO statistics expert , said countries whose HIV prevalence declined dramatically , like Zimbabwe , were not always those that got the most HIV cash .
Experts at UNAids said new infections had fallen 17 per cent since 2001 , when the UN Declaration of Commitment on HIV / Aids was signed , triggering a global push to deliver anti-retroviral drugs and prevention programmes to the hardest hit parts of the world .
Michel Sidibe , executive director of UNAids , said : " We have evidence that the declines we are seeing are due , at least in part , to HIV prevention .
However , the findings also show that prevention programming is often off the mark and that , if we do a better job of getting resources and programmes to where they will make most impact quicker , progress can be made and more lives saved . "
But Philip Stevens of International Policy Network , the London - based think - tank , said with HIV declining it was time to rethink global spending priorities and switch funds currently being spent on HIV to other conditions that kill more people .
Globally , HIV causes about 4 per cent of all deaths , but gets 23 pence in every pound spent on development aid for health ( $ 21.7bn in 2007 , or £ 13.1 bn ) .
Mr Stevens said : " In most countries HIV is a relatively minor problem compared with other conditions such as malaria and diarrhoeal disease .
The exception is sub-Saharan Africa .
South Africa has a 23 per cent prevalence but in many other countries [ in the region ] it 's 3 to 5 per cent .
They have a problem but it is not the huge problem that UNAids is claiming .
We should n't let this single disease continue to distort overall global funding , especially when bigger killers like pneumonia and diarrhoea in developing countries are far easier and cheaper to treat . "
Mr Stevens said the " single issue advocacy " by UNAids , which existed solely to draw money to the disease , had distorted global health priorities .
" Governments are now talking about placing a bigger emphasis on primary care and building up public health systems . "
Dr Karen Stanecki , senior adviser to UNAids , said repeated studies in different parts of the world , comparing the reduction in new infections with what happened where there was no intervention , had demonstrated the effectiveness of prevention programmes .
" The decline was over and above the natural decline in the epidemic .
They showed it could only have been explained by behavioural change . "
She denied that too much was being spent fighting HIV / Aids .
" We are facing a great many challenges .
There are still 7,400 new infections a day .
For every five people who become infected , two start on treatment .
So we still have a long way to go . "
Global killer :
The history of HIV
1981 Aids is detected in California and New York .
The first cases are among gay men , then drug users
1982 Aids is reported among haemophiliacs and Haitians in the US ; cases in some European countries
1984 Scientists identify HIV as the cause of Aids
1985 An HIV test is licensed for screening blood supplies
1987 AZT is the first drug approved for treating Aids
1990 Around 8 million people are living with HIV worldwide .
1996 Combination anti-retroviral treatment is shown to be highly effective against HIV
1997 Aids deaths begin to decline in developed countries , due to the new drugs
2001 At a UN special session , world leaders set long - term targets on HIV / Aids
2002 The Global Fund is established to boost the response to Aids , TB and malaria
2003
The WHO launches the " three by five " campaign , to get three million people on drug treatment by 2005
2004 After much hesitancy , South Africa begins to provide free antiretroviral treatment
2007 Around 33 million people are estimated to be living with HIV
2009 UNAids and WHO confirm Aids pandemic is in decline
A massive 150,000 acre fire burning near Los Angeles has been threatening the Mt. Wilson Observatory for the past week , but the historic site where astronomers first proved that there are many galaxies in the universe has been spared , barring any unforeseen circumstances .
" The Observatory grounds are in the best possible shape , the firefighters remain determined and in position , and we expect to survive this unless the approaching fire obtains far more aggressiveness and complexity than it now presents , " wrote observatory director , Hal McAlister , in a public update earlier this week .
In other good news , the Stony Ridge observatory , a smaller outpost six miles northeast of Mt. Wilson built by amateur astronomers in the early 1960s , also survived the blaze .
But other major scientific outposts have n't been so lucky .
Observatories , by virtue of their often remote locations , are particularly vulnerable in fire prone areas .
Firefighting help can be scarce .
Most notably , the Mt. Stromlo Observatory outside Canberra , Australia , lost five telescopes during a 2003 fire .
New Orleans research laboratories were devastated during Hurricane Katrina .
In 1997 , the High - Energy Gamma - Ray Astronomy observatory on the Canary Island of La Palma was partially destroyed by fire .
Just last month , a fire broke out on the same island , which is now home to the monster new Gran Telescopio Canarias .
It 's not just astronomical observatories that face fire hazards , either .
In 1994 , a fire tore through the Pinon Flats Observatory , which makes geological observations on the San Andreas Fault .
" What worked was that the fire crews are amazing in terms of saving structures , " said Duncan Agnew , a geophysicist at the University of California , San Diego .
" They did n't know what the stuff was , they were just doing what firefighters do which is save structures . "
Even so , a vacuum pipe through which the scientists run a laser beam to measure land deformations on the fault line collapsed .
It was a year before the observatory was back at full strength .
Even for institutions that are closer to help , like the Chabot Space and Science Center in the Oakland hills , fire abatement is a constant struggle .
" We 're all positioned in pretty critical areas .
Surrounded by conifers , and unfortunately , up here , eucalyptus .
All kinds of stuff that goes up like a Roman candle , " said Dean Sparks ( no relation to fire ) , head of operations at Chabot .
" The typical recommendation is 30 feet of defensible space .
We 're at 100 feet minimum and we 're trying to push that out now .
We 're increasing the amount of defensible space between us and the Monterrey pines and the eucalyptus , which is a big part of the battle . "
The Wilson Observatory itself has been hounded by fire multiple times over the past half century .
In 1935 , a fire broke out nearby but " 175 men aided by four pumper crews brought it under control , " The New York Times reported .
Disaster was averted again in 1953 when The Los Angeles Times wrote , " Men and machines , alerted to a dreaded shift of wind , were massed atop Mt. Wilson last night to fight back flames which could destroy the observatory , hotel and television towers on the peak 's summit . "
The situation repeated itself again in 1957 .
And again in 1965 when flames came within 300 feet of the institution .
In 1979 another blaze lit up nearby .
Skirmishes broke out earlier this decade over the maintenance of the institution , particularly the Forest Service 's management of pines in the area .
So , while fires near Mt. Wilson are n't exactly unknown , what was different this time around was that thousands of astronomy fans could follow the fire 's approach via the observatory 's webcam .
The image at the top of the post was the last one taken — and it sure did n't look good for the station .
As it turned out , most of the smoke was from controlled backfires set by firefighters , which made the situation look worse than it was .
Many major scientific institutions have been destroyed , but rarely in public circumstances .
Eurasian science , particularly in Slavic regions , took a beating during World War II .
" At the end of the war , the Soviet delegation at Nuremberg formally declared that during the occupation the Germans had destroyed 334 institutions of higher learning and 605 scientific research institutes , " wrote historian Pamela Spence Richards .
" Of its library holdings they estimated that over 100 million volumes had been destroyed . "
In a note published in the * Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada * describing the destruction of the Simeiz Observatory in Crimea , C.J. Chant wrote , " Astronomers of Canada and the United States may well have a thankfulness that the observatories in this western world have not been in the path of invading armies . "
Axis armies looted the observatory and when a fire broke out in the main building , the German commander let it burn to the ground .
Nowadays , much of the data from scientific institutions is stored somewhere " in the cloud " or can be backed up and shipped out .
It 's no longer precious , but the institutions like Mt. Wilson Observatory that produced the data provide a material record — physical data — about the methods of science .
That 's valuable for scholars , present and future .
* Images : 1 . The last picture snapped by the Mt. Wilson webcam as the fire approached the observatory .
2 . Mt. Stromlo / Kim Rawlings .
3 . Pinon Flats Observatory / Duncan Agnew *
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Por unanimidad , los magistrados de la Sala Regional del Tribunal Electoral del Poder Judicial de la Federaci�n avalaron el triunfo de Carlos Orva�anos como jefe delegacional
Lunes 28 de septiembre de 2009
Redacci�n | El Universal
16:39
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama will address the contentious issue of health - care reform in a speech to a joint session of Congress on September 9 , multiple Democratic sources said Wednesday .
President Obama is facing pressure to provide specifics about what he would like in health care legislation .
It will be Obama 's second speech to the full legislature since he took office in January , and the setting and rarity of such an event highlighted the importance the president places on his top domestic priority : overhauling the nation 's ailing health care system .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid formally invited Obama to make the address , as required , in a letter issued Wednesday after news broke of the planned speech .
Obama will meet with both Pelosi and Reid at the White House next week to discuss the speech , two officials said .
Obama has outlined broad principles for what he would like in health - care reform , but he has left most details to leaders in Congress .
Democratic proposals in both chambers have come under withering Republican opposition and fierce attacks by conservative commentators , and opinion polls -- including one released Wednesday -- show a deep public divide on the issue .
Some Democrats and political commentators have encouraged Obama to lay out his own specific plan now , with Congress returning to Washington after an August recess that was full of rancorous town meetings on health care reform .
" The president is clearly not running away from this battle but rather confronting the challenges we 've encountered these last few weeks head - on , " Democratic Sen.
Charles Rangel of New York said in a statement Wednesday night .
" He 's pulling out all the stops , and this level of involvement from the president could well be a game - changer .
There is no better way to turn public opinion around than to have someone as popular as President Obama addressing the American people directly , without intermediaries interpreting -- or misinterpreting -- his ideas . "
Earlier Wednesday , White House aides said the dynamic of the debate has changed , creating the opportunity for Obama to step in .
" We 're entering a new season , " senior adviser David Axelrod said .
" It 's time to synthesize and harmonize these strands and get this done . "
Another administration official said on condition of anonymity that Obama " is considering ... laying out a more specific vision " of health care reform .
The administration official said that " now is the time to begin to pull together the various strands and solutions from the four bills that have been marked up and other proposals .
...
Basically , all the cards are on the table . "
In addition , the administration official said the new phase of Obama 's involvement is driven in part by actions by some Republicans , including two key senators involved in the only bipartisan negotiations on a health care bill so far .
The official added that the White House thinks those actions indicate that the two Republican senators -- Chuck Grassley of Iowa and Mike Enzi of Wyoming -- " are essentially walking away from the table . "
Enzi delivered the Republican national radio address Saturday to harshly criticize Democratic health care proposals .
Grassley also has opposed the Democratic plans before Congress .
A statement Wednesday by Grassley spokeswoman Jill Kozeny criticized complaints about the senator 's role in the health care negotiations as unhelpful .
" Attacks by political operatives in the White House undermine bipartisan efforts and drive senators away from the table , " the statement said .
" Anyone who 's been working on an alternative plan -- one that would actually drive down costs and not drive up the deficit -- knows how difficult the issues are and that Democratic senators involved in trying to work through the details have as many questions about how proposals would actually achieve reform goals as Republicans . "
The statement called Democratic proposals before the House and Senate " policy failures " that it contended were " rejected at the grass roots . "
It reiterated that the goal of Grassley 's negotiations with five other members of the Senate Finance Committee -- three Democrats and two Republicans , including Enzi -- was " to see if it 's possible to develop an alternative that would improve the system and , as a result , get widespread support . "
A statement by Enzi's communications director , Craig Orfield , insisted that the senator 's opposition to Democratic health care proposals was consistent .
" Repeating that you do n't agree with plans put together solely by one side does n't mean you are n't willing to work together on a different plan , " Orfield 's statement said .
" He is .
He has been doing that . "
However , Grassley , Enzi and other Republicans in both the House and Senate appear unanimous in opposing a government - funded public health insurance option proposed by Democrats , as well as the broad scope and cost of Democratic proposals .
In addition , some moderate Senate Democrats also worry about the cost of a health care overhaul and say the public option lacks enough votes to pass the Senate .
The compromise agreement being negotiated by Grassley and the other Finance Committee members has dropped the public option , proposing instead the creation of not - for - profit health insurance collectives that could negotiate collective coverage for members .
Obama and Democratic leaders argue that a public option would ensure that coverage is available to all Americans while forcing private insurers to lower costs through competition .
Republicans reject the concept , saying the public option would drive private insurers out of the market .
Republican leaders repeatedly call the public option a first step toward a government takeover of health care , a claim derided by Democrats as deliberately misleading .
Uncertainty over the political viability of the public option has some House Democrats refusing to rule out the possibility of a final bill without the provision .
On Tuesday night , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland reiterated his support for a public option , but when asked whether House Democrats would turn their backs on a final bill without it , he said , " I hope that 's not the case . "
His statement differed from comments by some other Democratic leaders , who call the public option essential for any health care legislation .
For example , Pelosi said last month that there was " no way " she could pass a bill in the chamber without a public option .
Hoyer represents a conservative district that voted strongly in favor of Republican presidential candidate Sen.
John McCain in last year 's election .
He also is considered the strongest ally among House Democratic leaders of the chamber 's fiscally conservative Blue Dog Democrats , some of whom have objected to House health care proposals .
Americans are evenly split over whether to support or oppose Obama 's health care plan , according to an August 28 - 31 CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll .
Six in 10 younger Americans support the plan ; six in 10 senior citizens oppose it .
The division has been evident at town meetings across the country , with opponents loudly protesting Democratic health care proposals .
Democrats contend that the most vocal opponents are an organized minority who do n't reflect the general public , but Republicans say the costly health care proposals are scaring people already concerned about expanded government and increased spending including the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package and federal bailouts of automakers and banks .
CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , Ed Henry , Gloria Borger , Brianna Keilar and Elaine Quijano contributed to this story .
All About Barack Obama • Health Care Policy
“ The intent of the committee is to neuter the United States of America .
They ’ve done it by rewarding a pacifist . ” ~ Rush Limbaugh
In addition to being a Nobel laureate , Barack Obama is many things .
After his election , I wrote in Liberty of his radical associations , his life spent in the service of racial preference , his aberrant Christianity , and his plan to further redistribute the wealth of taxpayers to taxeaters .
I have n’t changed my mind .
The black conservative Alan Keyes simply calls him “ a radical communist . ”
Obama may personify the extreme left wing of the Democratic Party , but a pacifist he is not .
Just days after taking office , Obama killed his first victims in Pakistan via predator drone .
Over 120,000 U.S. troops are still in Iraq .
And not only has Obama already escalated the war in Afghanistan , he is contemplating an additional troop surge .
The United States still maintains an empire of troops and bases around the world .
Obama has threatened to take military action against Iran .
Although conservatives have bemoaned Obama ’s plan to decrease defense spending ever since he took office , it turns out that defense spending is up for fiscal year 2010 , which began October 1 .
Back on May 7 , Obama sent to Congress his proposed defense budget .
He requested a base of $ 533.8 billion and an additional $ 130 billion to continue the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
According to a Department of Defense press release : “ The base budget represents an increase of $ 20.5 billion over the $ 513.3 billion enacted for fiscal 2009 ” ( Bush ’s last defense budget ) .
And according to Secretary of Defense Robert Gates : “ This budget provides the balance necessary to institutionalize and finance our capabilities to fight the wars we are in today and the scenarios we are most likely to face in the years ahead , while at the same time providing a hedge against other risks and contingencies . ”
Obama ’s first defense budget ( FY 2010 ) is almost as much as the rest of the world ’s defense spending combined .
The U.S. Navy ’s battle fleet is larger than the next 13 foreign navies combined .
So much for Obama “ destroying your country as a superpower ” and “ emasculating this country , ” as Rush Limbaugh also intoned .
Christianity and War a ...
Laurence M. Vance Best Price : $ 3.46 Buy New $ 5.96 ( as of 12:30 EST - Details )
The Senate just passed by a vote of 93 — 7 a $ 636 billion appropriations bill ( H.R. 3326 ) for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2010 .
This bill previously passed the House by a vote of 400 — 30 .
This means that 34 out of 40 Republicans in the Senate and 170 out of 178 Republicans in the House agreed with the president on the defense budget .
What a bunch of pacifists .
Thanks to the work of economist Robert Higgs , we know that the real U.S. defense budget is really over a trillion dollars , and has been for several years .
Rethinking the Good War Laurence M. Vance Best Price : null Buy New $ 5.95 ( as of 12:45 EST - Details )
There are 120 U.S. soldiers who have been killed in Operation Iraqi Freedom since Obama became president .
I ’ll bet these soldiers who died for a lie wish Obama were a pacifist .
In Afghanistan , there are 231 soldiers who have been killed in Operation Enduring Freedom since Obama became president .
Of the 872 U.S. soldiers who have died in Afghanistan , over one fourth of them ( 231 ) died during the short time that Obama has been in office .
I ’m sure that these soldiers likewise wish Obama were a pacifist .
And if it were possible to ask them now and they said otherwise because they swallowed the line that they died “ defending our freedoms , ” there is probably someone in their family who would rather Obama were a pacifist so their son , grandson , father , brother , cousin , or nephew would still here .
But if not , then there are millions of Americans like me who do n’t think anything in Iraq or Afghanistan is worth one drop of American blood .
Yet , we are the ones who are considered by conservative warmongers to be traitors and America haters .
Since Obama took office earlier this year conservatives and Republicans have shown the world that there is something they love more than their movement or their party — war .
Leading the way are Republican politicians ( McCain , Gingrich , Huckabee ) , conservative pundits ( Limbaugh , Hannity , O’Reilly , Scarborough , Kristol , Coulter ) , conservative intellectuals ( Kagan , Hanson , Boot ) , conservative organizations ( Heritage , AEI , FOX ) , and conservative publications ( Weekly Standard , WSJ , National Review ) .
Reagan misspoke when he said : “ The very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism . ”
The very heart and soul of conservatism is war .
Patriotism , Americanism , and being a real conservative are now equated with support for war , torture , and militarism .
Although conservatism today is generally defined by opposition to Obama , the president can count on conservatives and Republicans to support any further military actions he undertakes .
Rush is wrong .
Obama is no pacifist .
And too bad .
Just think of all the Americans that would not have been killed in senseless foreign wars if McKinley , Wilson , Roosevelt , Truman , Johnson , Nixon , and Bush had been pacifists .
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
Overview ( 3 )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Ben Kingsley was born Krishna Bhanji on December 31 , 1943 in Scarborough , Yorkshire , England .
His father , Rahimtulla Harji Bhanji , was a Kenyan - born medical doctor , of Gujarati Indian descent , and his mother , Anna Lyna Mary ( Goodman ) , was an English actress .
Ben began to act in stage plays during the 1960s .
He soon became a successful stage actor , and also began to have roles in films and television .
His birth name was Krishna Bhanji , but he changed his name to " Ben Kingsley " soon after gaining fame as a stage actor , fearing that a foreign name could hamper his acting career .
Kingsley first earned international fame for his performance in the drama movie Gandhi ( 1982 ) .
His performance as Mohandas K. Gandhi earned him international fame .
He won many awards - including an Academy Award for Best Actor .
He also won Golden Globe , BAFTA and London Film Critics ' Circle Awards .
After acting in Gandhi ( 1982 ) , Ben was recognized as one of the finest British actors .
After his international fame for appearing in Gandhi ( 1982 ) , Kingsley appeared in many other famous movies .
His success as an actor continued .
His performance as Itzhak Stern in the drama movie Schindlers Liste ( 1993 ) earned him a BAFTA nomination for best supporting actor .
Schindlers Liste ( 1993 ) won seven Academy Awards , including Best Picture .
During the late 1990s , Kingsley acted in many successful movies .
He played Sweeney Todd in the television movie The Tale of Sweeney Todd ( 1997 ) , for which he was nominated for the Screen Actors ' Guild Award .
His other notable role was as Otto Frank in the television movie Anne Frank ( 2001 ) , for which he won the Screen Actors ' Guild Award .
In 2002 , Kingsley was appointed Knight Bachelor of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen 's New Years Honours for his services to drama .
In 2013 , he received the BAFTA Los Angeles Britannia Award for Worldwide Contribution to Filmed Entertainment .
That same year , he also received the Fellowship Award at the Asian Awards in London , England .
- IMDb Mini Biography By : Pedro Borges
Spouse ( 4 )
Trade Mark ( 4 )
Shaved head
Often portrays sinister villains or sympathetic friends of the main character
Performances which are often both very reserved and yet vocally animated
Rich , mellifluous voice and Shakespearean bearing
Trivia ( 32 )
Attended and graduated from Manchester Grammar School in Manchester , England .
He was awarded Knight Bachelor of the Order of the British Empire in the 2002 Queen 's New Year 's Honours List for his services to drama .
Derived his stage name from his grandfather 's nickname " Clove King " .
His grandfather was a spice trader in Zanzibar .
Kingsley 's father , Rahimtulla Harji Bhanji , was a Kenyan - born physician of Gujrati Indian descent .
Kingsley 's mother , Anna Lyna Mary ( Goodman ) Bhanji , was an English fashion model and actress ; she appeared in films in the 1920s and 1930s .
Kingsley 's maternal grandfather was believed by the family to have been of Russian Jewish or German Jewish descent , while Kingsley 's maternal grandmother was of English background , and worked in the garment district of East London .
His mother was born outside of marriage , and was raised by her own mother .
His paternal family was from the Indian state of Gujarat , the same state Mohandas K. Gandhi was from .
Made his London stage debut in 1966 as the narrator of " A Smashing Day " produced by The Beatles manager , Brian Epstein .
He wrote the music for the production as well as sang and played guitar for same .
After one performance , John Lennon and Ringo Starr came backstage and told him that he should go into music and that if he did n't , " he would regret it for the rest of his life . "
He was subsequently offered a deal by the same publishers who handled The Beatles , but he chose to remain an actor .
The next year , he was invited to join the Royal Shakespeare Company and his choice was made .
Was listed as a potential nominee on both the 2005 and 2006 Razzie Award nominating ballots .
He was suggested in the Worst Supporting Actor category on the 2005 ballot for his role in the film Thunderbirds ( 2004 ) .
And he was suggested again the next year in the Worst Supporting Actor category of the 2006 Razzie nominating ballot for his performance in the film A Sound of Thunder ( 2005 ) .
He failed to receive either nomination .
The very next year ( 2007 ) though , he got a Worst Supporting Actor Razzie Nomination for his performance in the film Blood Rayne ( 2005 ) .
Head of the ' Official Competition ' jury at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival in 1998 .
Was originally cast as Ephraim in München ( 2005 ) , but later had to withdraw from the project due to scheduling conflicts .
The role went to Geoffrey Rush
His performance as Don Logan in Sexy Beast ( 2000 ) is ranked # 97 on Premiere magazine 's 100 Greatest Performances of All Time ( 2006 ) .
Has three films on the American Film Institute 's 100 Most Inspiring Movies of All Time : Das Königsspiel ( 1993 ) at # 96 , Gandhi ( 1982 ) at # 29 , and Schindlers Liste ( 1993 ) at # 3 .
At the age of ten , he went busking outside a cinema with his friend Shirley Edwards in Llanelli , South Wales .
On September 3 , 2007 , he married his fourth wife Daniela Lavender at Eynsham Hall in North Leigh , Oxfordshire .
The initials of his professional name are a reversal of the initials of his birth name .
Was awarded the Grammy Award for " Best Spoken Word or Non-Musical Recording " for " The Words of Gandhi " ( 1984 ) .
Received an honorary degree ( Doctor of Letters ) from the University of Hull , Scarborough Campus , degree ceremony on July 18 , 2008 .
Kingsley joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1967 .
Kingsley considers this an extraordinary coincidence that five days before Sir Richard Attenborough called him for the lead role in Gandhi ( 1982 ) , he was given a library book on Gandhi .
According to Kingsley , one of his fondest movie memories is watching his father go hysterical while viewing Danny Kaye as a car salesman in Die Lachbombe ( 1954 ) .
After that his father often jokingly referred to him as the " Danny Kaye of the Family " .
Is shown being eaten by a " Grasshopper - raptor " in an episode of Die Simpsons ( 1989 ) .
Was approached for the Bollywood movie Shikhar ( 2005 ) but declined the role as he was not comfortable speaking Hindi .
The role eventually went to Javed Shaikh .
He played Mohandas K. Gandhi between the ages of 23 ( in 1893 ) and 78 ( in 1948 ) in the drama movie Gandhi ( 1982 ) .
Nominated for Best Comedy Performance in the 1980 Laurence Olivier Awards for his performance in '' The Merry Wives of Windsor ' but lost out to Beryl Reid .
The actor playing raving psychopath " Don " has an OBE .
Born on exactly the same date as John Denver .
Personal Quotes ( 14 )
In an ideal way , in an ideal world , myself and the director are one .
And as you rightly say , in an ideal world , you can't see the horizon between sky and sea .
I felt that the times with Spielberg [ Steven Spielberg ] on Schindlers Liste ( 1993 ) , we were moving as one creature .
[ on winning the Oscar for Best Actor in Gandhi ( 1982 ) ]
If I knew I was going to win , I would not have gone dressed as a waiter .
As an actor , there 's no autonomy , unless you 're prepared to risk the possibility of starving .
Hopefully , as I get older in the business , I make my choices more accurately , and I perhaps know from either the script or the first meeting that it is n't going to work .
All the great writers root their characters in true human behavior .
As a singer , I might have fallen among thieves .
I wonder if I 'd still be alive by now .
Being a leading man on a film set under the direction of somebody like Dickie Attenborough [ Sir Richard Attenborough ] is very empowering , and you have to be extremely careful how you use that power .
But comedy I 'd love to do as much as humanly possible .
[ on the holocaust ]
It 's like a big , hulking monster squatting in the middle of our history and it wo n't go away .
[ on actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan ]
It was a pleasure working with Aishwarya in Die letzte Legion ( 2007 ) , and her fans are in for a big surprise .
She is an excellent and outstanding actor .
She is a shining example of beauty from India , and I 'm sure we will be seeing her in more Hollywood movies real soon .
( August 2006 )
[ on his heritage ] I 'm not Jewish ... and though there might be some Russian - Jewish heritage way back on my mother 's side , the thread is so fine there 's no real evidence .
[ on Hailee Steinfeld ]
She 's very focused , very mature in her work , and I can see her simply going from strength to strength .
She 's very well - rooted in her craft .
There 's nothing woolly or peripheral about her .
I actually do n't ever really socialize on the film - set .
I 'm hermit - like .
I go home , get room service and I work on the lines for tomorrow , because that 's my job .
I can have fun other ways , other times , but for me the joy of acting is to know what I 'm doing and why I 'm doing it .
Glue all of my films together and arrange them in a certain kind of way and you will have the history of 20th and 21st century by SBK [ Sir Ben Kingsley ] .
Sanford F . Young has honed a reputation as a tenacious , skillful litigator and appellate lawyer .
As an experienced advocate , Mr. Young handles a broad range of complex lawsuits and appeals for other lawyers , businesses , entrepreneurs , corporate executives , individuals and families .
Both a street fighter and an academician , Mr. Young regularly represents clients in complex litigation matters , legal malpractice claims and substantial fee disputes , among other matters , in both state and federal courts .
If you need an attorney to represent you in complex litigation or an appeal in New York or New Jersey , you should consult Mr. Young for guidance .
Our firm typically handles lawsuits and appeals that require a deep understanding of a particularly distinctive or technical field .
Among these are breach of contract actions , warranty claims and insurance disputes , business litigation , complex , high asset / income divorce proceedings ( typically involving hidden assets and income ) and consumer class actions .
Due to our familiarity with state and federal litigation and appeals , we can also provide reliable second opinions related to how your present attorney is handling your lawsuit .
In addition , we can offer knowledgeable advice regarding disputes over fees charged by attorneys , experts , or forensic accountants .
Mr. Young represents clients before a variety of trial and appellate courts , including the U.S. Supreme Court , the U.S. Courts of Appeal for the Second and Third Circuits , the New York Appellate Division , the New York Court of Appeals , the New Jersey Appellate Division , and the New York Appellate Term , as well as the trial level New York Supreme and Civil Courts , New Jersey Superior Court and the federal District Courts for the Southern and Eastern Districts of New York and the District of New Jersey .
Appellate representation requires laser - sharp focus on strategy and assessing the work of other attorneys .
When considering whether to appeal , it is important to consult an experienced legal professional who can objectively assess the record and look at your case with fresh eyes .
We distill complex issues so that they are thoroughly clear and powerfully persuasive to the court .
Mr. Young also helps other attorneys draft and edit complex briefs , as well as prepare for oral argument .
In order to recover damages for legal malpractice , a plaintiff needs to prove four main elements .
First , the attorney must have failed to use the ordinary reasonable skill and knowledge that is commonly held by a lawyer .
The lawyer ’s breach of duty also must have been the legal cause of the damages , actual damages must have been incurred , and the plaintiff must have been able to prevail on the merits of the underlying legal matter " but for " the attorney 's negligence .
Some common mistakes in civil lawsuits that may give rise to a malpractice claim include missing a statute of limitations , failure to file a timely notice of claim against governmental entities and municipalities , allowing a case to be dismissed for failure to prosecute , disregarding conflicts of interest , settling a case without the knowledge or authority of the client , ignoring court deadlines or rules , bringing suit in the wrong court , misappropriating funds or charging excessive fees .
In addition to being knowledgeable about the laws and rules for malpractice cases , a successful malpractice attorney should also have a deep understanding of the underlying practice area of the lawyer being sued .
Only lawyers with substantial litigation and appellate experience will be able to spot whether errors have occurred and evaluate the strength of a legal malpractice claim .
According to the rules of professional conduct in New York and other states , lawyers may not charge excessive legal fees .
With regard to some types of lawsuits , the amount an attorney may charge is strictly regulated , such as for personal injury suits and medical malpractice claims . .
For other areas where there are fee disputes , the courts should look at factors such as the difficulty of the case , the risk taken by the attorney , the attorney 's skill and experience , the time and effort expended by the attorney , the result achieved , and the fees usually charged in similar circumstances .
In New York , the maximum fee for a plaintiff ’s lawyer in a personal injury case is generally one - third of the client ’s recovery .
If a client wishes to contest fees , however , fee arbitration is often available .
If you are seeking a diligent lawyer for complex litigation or an appeal in New York or New Jersey , Sanford F . Young is available to assist you .
Some of his clients are attorneys seeking help on challenging cases , while others are individuals who have been abandoned by their prior attorneys .
Mr. Young frequently fulfills the role of attorney of last resort .
Contact us at 212-227-9755 or by filling out our online form to set up an appointment .
We are located near Wall Street in Manhattan 's financial district , easily accessible by public transportation or car .
We also have an office in Morristown , New Jersey .
Our firm represents clients throughout Manhattan , Brooklyn ( Kings County ) , Nassau Westchester and Rockland Counties in New York , and in New Jersey , Morristown , Bergen , Essex , Hudson and Middlesex Counties , among other areas .
Consumer groups have long bemoaned the " Servicewüste Deutschland " ( service desert Germany ) , a dearth of decent , polite sales assistants in shops and restaurants .
The Bundesliga , too , seems to be blighted by this shameful phenomenon these days : when the Stuttgart keeper Jens Lehmann asked a Hannover ballboy for a quick return of the playing object – his side were losing 0 - 1 in the AWD - Arena on Saturday – the lad took his time and then cheekily threw the ball over Lehmann 's outstretched arms to chew up another fraction of a second for his team .
" What kind of culture is this ? " the 39 - year - old was heard cursing loudly after his team 's fourth defeat in a row .
" I wonder if people want to see these scenes .
By faking injuries and pulling stunts like those , Hannover wasted 10 minutes .
I find it awful that ballboys are being taught to cheat . "
But was it all a case of mistaken identity ?
With his earring , Sandy Toksvig - haircut and voluptuous body shape , the offending ballboy looked suspiciously like … a ballgirl ?
Hannover later did confirm the perpetrator as one Aron Schulz , 14 , however .
" I was only doing my job , " said the boy , even though he patently was n't .
The referee , Guido Winkmann , duly reported an incident of " unsporting conduct " .
Hannover will be fined , Schulz perhaps suspended ( or demoted to an amateur game ? ) but Stuttgart are unlikely to benefit .
They have slumped to 14th spot and remain in a severe crisis .
" We are patient , " said the sporting director , Horst Heldt , about Markus Babbel 's future prospects on the Stuttgart bench .
" He 's not our manager because of his good work in the past but because of his good work now . "
Babbel once again bemoaned his side 's profligacy and insisted that " the positive trend " continued – " I can't fault the team , as stupid as it sounds . "
To be fair , Stuttgart were supremely unfortunate to lose against 96 .
They hit the post twice and conceded a goal by Didier Ya Konan that should have been ruled out for offside .
" I do n't think it 's possible to have more bad luck , " said Lehmann .
" I hope that we 've hit rock bottom now .
It can only get better now . "
Stuttgarter Zeitung is less optimistic , though .
" Welcome to the relegation fight , " was their take on the proceedings , mindful of the fact that the Swabians will entertain Bayern Munich on Saturday .
Babbel , who has been unable to integrate the expensive new boys Alex Hleb , Pavel Pogrebnyak and Zdravko Kuzmanovic , knows that the board 's backing wo n't last forever .
" When there 's no success , somebody will pull the emergency brake , " Babbel said before the latest defeat .
Tuesday night , a German Cup match at Second Division team Greuther Fürth , will probably constitute his last chance to avoid the sack .
Acute lack of credit is also Felix Magath 's problem at Schalke , albeit in a more literal sense .
His Royal Blues played out a thrilling 3 - 3 draw with Hamburg on Sunday night ; Kevin Kuranyi and the HSV striker Marcus Berg each scored twice in a game that had pace , class and all the goals that were missing the week before .
Unfortunately , it was slightly overshadowed by newspaper reports that painted an ever darker picture of Schalke 's finances .
Welt am Sonntag exposed a complex net of subsidiary companies which allegedly circulate money between themselves and mask the true extent of the club 's debt .
As much as € 100 m ( £ 91.7 m ) could be owed by these companies in addition to the € 137 m deficit that Schalke have reported to the league .
" We 've never hidden these numbers , " insisted the managing director , Peter Peters .
Magath , however , seems shocked by the figures .
" I have n't yet completely understood the financial set - up , " he said cryptically .
" I get the feeling this complex system is designed in order that one does n't have to disclose certain things . "
It all comes back to Schalke " living the dream " , the same way Leeds United and Newcastle did .
Following the two clubs ' lead in 2003 , Schalke raised € 85 m through a securitisation deal that mortgaged future ticket sales .
The same London - based financier , Stephen Schechter , then raised another € 55 m for the club by borrowing against sponsorship deals with Adidas and Gazprom .
Schalke have spent all this money upfront and need to plug a € 20 m gap in the budget for this season .
Magath will either have to sell players or reach the Champions League , otherwise S04 need to raise new equity by selling parts of the stadium .
If they default on the € 85 m loan , they even could be forced into insolvency .
The other week , when Magath returned to Stuttgart and won 2 - 1 with Schalke , the manager was asked whether he preferred to be in Markus Babbel 's shoes .
What was better , points on the board but no money in the bank , or vice versa ?
" Perhaps Stuttgart can buy the points off us , " came the sarcastic reply .
As far as Schalke is concerned , this is actually a tried and trusted method to do business – but sadly , like most get - rich - quick schemes , quite illegal .
Expect plenty of " Manuel Neuer to Man Utd / Arsenal / Bayern " - type stories in the coming weeks in the run-up to a January fire sale .
" Kevin Kuranyi to Liverpool " is unlikely to happen , however .
Now that the 27 - year - old has ditched his comedy haircut , it 's hard to fathom what Rafa Benítez could possibly see in him .
Talking points
• Taking off one of your forwards for a third centre - back is a classic managerial ploy – but not when your team desperately needs a goal .
After another semi-shambolic display , Bayern were being held to a 1 - 1 draw by Eintracht Frankfurt with four minutes to go when Louis van Gaal brought on Martín Demichelis in place of Luca Toni .
The 69,000 fans in the Allianz Arena had barely time to shout the German equivalent of " You do n't know what you 're doing " ( Hey! Pfui ! ) at the Dutch manager , before big Daniel van Buyten popped up with the winning header .
Van Gaal had asked the defender to deputise as a striker while Demichelis slotted in at the back .
Just in case anyone had missed this successful trick , Van Gaal jumped up and down on the touchline , pointing his index finger at his forehead .
It 's all in the mind , in his brilliant mind , you see .
Van Gaal , ( a little ) wary to be seen as arrogant , later joked that he was just rearranging a strand of hair .
• Günter Netzer scored his famous 1973 cup final winner , again and again .
You could n't move for lucky boots , lucky shirts and droll anecdotes in the pre-match build - up and even German police , fearing hooliganism , believed the hype : for the first time in the history of the Bundesliga , a total ban of alcohol was imposed on a city before kick - off .
All five pubs in Mönchengladbach had to stay shut , in other words .
Unfortunately , little of note happened on the pitch during the Rhein derby between Borussia and Köln .
One TV pundit said he had enjoyed queueing at the autobahn exit more than this drab 0 - 0 affair .
The main talking point came when Lukas Podolski refused to take a corner because of missiles from the stand .
Gladbach accused him of play - acting , Köln said he did n't .
Which just goes to show that there was actually no main talking point .
• Manuel Friedrich scored the equaliser in Leverkusen 's 1 - 1 draw at home to Dortmund and was later slapped in the face by the Borussia manager , Jürgen Klopp , for his troubles .
" The German FA needs to investigate the incident , " said the defender after the final whistle .
But this was the famous sense of German humour at play : Klopp and Friedrich are in fact best buddies after working together at Mainz , and Klopp 's attack was the footballing version of a love bite .
" If anyone had to score against us , I do n't mind that it was him , " said the Dortmund coach , smiling at his former player .
The point was enough for Bayer to stay top .
Results : Leverkusen 1 - 1 Dortmund , Bayern 2 - 1 Frankfurt , Mainz 3 - 0 Freiburg , Gladbach 0 - 0 Köln , Hoffenheim 3 - 0 Nürnberg , Hannover 1 - 0 Stuttgart , Schalke 3 - 3 Hamburg , Bochum 1 - 4 Werder , Hertha 0 - 0 Wolfsburg .
Latest Bundesliga table
Fwd : [ Haskell - cafe ] Haskell for Physicists
And note we are pushing precisely on the use of DSLs in or on Haskell for * portability * of the domain - scientists code in a number of areas right now : * data parallel algorithms ( targetting cpu , gpu ) Accelerate : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/accelerate-0.6.0.0
Obsidian http://www.cse.chalmers.se/~joels/writing/dccpaper_obsidian.pdf
* control systems code : Atom : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/atom * cryptography Cryptol : http://www.galois.com/technology/communications_security/cryptol
* avionics verification : http://www.galois.com/blog/2009/05/15/edsls-for-unmanned-autonomous-verification-and-validation/
* financial modelling Paradise : http://www.londonhug.net/2008/08/11/video-paradise-a-dsel-for-derivatives-pricing/
FPF : http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/3331
* operating systems : http://www.barrelfish.org/fof_plos09.pdf
In all cases we 're looking at high level code , the possibility of multiple backends , and constrained semantics enabling extensive optimization and analysis .
And -- we 're generating code , so there 's no benefit to having the language hosted on the JVM or .NET -- Haskell should * own * this space .
This may be Haskell 's killer app now that DSLs are going mainstream .
We have mature technology for good DSLs .
Far more resources than Scala .
Why is n't Haskell completely dominating this space ?
I believe it is lack of training and outreach .
We need a " Write you a DSL for great good ! " --
Don dpiponi : > Yesterday I was at a talk by Pat Hanrahan on embedded DSLs and GPUs at > the nvidia GPU conference : > http://www.nvidia.com/object/gpu_technology_conference.html > >
Pat argued that the only way forward to achieve usable computing power > for physics on heterogeneous computers ( eg. multicore + GPU ) is through > the use of embedded DSLs to allow physicists to express algorithms > without reference to underlying architecture , or even details like > data structures .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
The secret weapon behind sprint sensation Usain Bolt 's incredible Olympic 100 metres triumph has been revealed as . . . a diet of chicken nuggets and yams .
Bolt became the fastest human ever when he won gold smashing his own world record in an unforgettable showboating performance .
Jamaican Bolt , 21 , was so far ahead of his rivals he coolly slowed up in the last 30 metres , looked over his shoulder and beat his chest Tarzan - style before crossing the line .
And experts were last asking how fast the man dubbed Lightning Bolt could run if he decided to go hell - for - leather until the finish line .
After the race Bolt gave the credit for his incredible stamina not to a scientific high - protein regime meticulously planned by a team of dieticians - but plenty of chicken nuggets .
He said : " I woke around 11 am and decided to watch some TV and had some nuggets .
" Then I slept for a couple of hours more .
Then I got some more nuggets and came to the track . "
Bolt 's diet is typical of his laidback attitude summed up by the slogan on his nation 's yellow and green strip that reads " Jamaica - No Problem . "
As the athletes lined up for Saturday 's 100 metres , most looked tense .
But the reggae - loving Bolt did a little dance then fired an imaginary arrow into the crowd as his name was announced .
He said afterwards : " I like to to do that for the crowd .
I just love dancing .
" You have to enjoy yourself to stay relaxed .
When I made that gesture going over the line , I was just having fun .
That is just me .
I did n't even know I 'd beaten the record until after the lap of honour . "
Millions watched Bolt 's triumph on TV .
And no one was cheering him on harder than dad Wellesley back home in the quiet village of Sherwood Content .
Yesterday proud Wellesley insisted his son's path to gold had been powered by a regular diet of yams when he was a boy .
He said Bolt , who is also hoping for Olympic gold in the 200 metres and the 100 metres relay , loved the starchy vegetable as a child and insisted it helped build up his 6ft 5ins frame .
Wellesley insists he had no doubt his son would triumph in Beijing on Saturday .
He said : " Once he got going I knew they were not gonna catch him . "
Experts are convinced Bolt will dominate sprinting for a decade - and believe he will run even faster than the 9.69 that shaved three hundredths of a second off his previous world record .
Scott Drawer , UK Sport 's head of research , said : " Usain has a very different body to that of traditional 100 m sprinters .
It 's rare to see someone so tall .
" It means he is a lot slower out of the blocks but once he is up to speed his long legs and his superior stride length is a very important factor that gives him a major advantage .
He 's got a huge amount of natural talent and you could tell he could have run even faster in that race .
" It remains to be seen how many more tenths of a second he will shave off his own record .
It 's hard to say just how fast he can go . "
Six channels run by universities are also involved in the initial launch .
YouTube 's parent company Google has announced on its blog that automatic captions are to begin to roll out across the site .
The machine - generated captions will initially be generated in English .
At first they will only be found on 13 channels .
These include National Geographic , Columbia , as well as most Google and YouTube channels .
The software engineer behind the technology , Ken Harrenstien , is deaf .
Currently YouTube offers a manual captioning service but video makers tend not to use it .
" The majority of user - generated video content online is still inaccessible to people like me , " Mr Harrenstien wrote in the Google blog .
His solution combines automatic speech recognition with the current caption system .
The translation is not always perfect ( in a demonstration the phrase " sim card " becomes " salmon " in text ) , but Mr Harrenstien says that the technology " will continue to improve with time " .
Alternatively users can upload a transcript of their video and auto - timing algorithms will match the text to the words as they are spoken .
Vint Cerf , vice president at Google , is widely recognised as a founding father of the internet .
He is also hard of hearing and has worn a hearing aid since the age of 13 .
" One of the big challenges of the video medium is whether it can be made accessible to everyone , " he told news agency AFP .
Earlier in the week YouTube announced the launch of YouTube Direct , a feed of uploaded amateur videos of newsworthy events such as protests and extreme weather conditions .
It is aimed at the media industry , and editors who subscribe will be able to request the phone numbers of contributors .
So far it has been trialled by a select group of radio stations , newspapers and websites in the US .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Analyses of a partial skeleton of a female Ardipithecus ramidus nicknamed Ardi , suggest the early human would have stood at just under 4 feet ( 1.2 meters ) tall with both primitive traits , such as a small brains size similar to living chimpanzees and those shared with later hominids , such as bipedal posture .
Editor 's Note :
This is Part 4 in 10 - part series LiveScience series on the origin , evolution and future of the human species and the mysteries that remain to be solved .
The dawn of humanity remains a fascinating mystery .
What started our distant ancestors on the evolutionary path that led to us ?
Spectacular fossils and a host of other data uncovered in the last decade are revealing key details to solving this riddle .
As often than not , however , these clues raise as many questions as they answer .
Ardipithecus — the first hominid ?
The latest fossil relative of humanity to be unearthed — Ardipithecus ramidus — is among the most extraordinarily detailed .
It may also be potentially crucial to our understanding of human evolution .
A remarkably complete female of the species dubbed " Ardi " and at least 35 members of her species were discovered in Ethiopia and are roughly 4.4 million years old .
This date is significant , as genetic evidence suggests our branch of the primate family tree — often known as the hominids — appeared roughly 4 million years ago after diverging from the last common ancestor we shared with chimps .
Ardipithecus " is the first creature on our side of the family tree , " said paleoanthropologist Tim White of the University of California at Berkeley , a leader of the team that discovered Ardi .
The holy grail of the study of human evolution would be discovering the first hominid , as it would shed light on what first drove our ancestors to develop the way they did .
Darwin conjectured tool use was the key , driving us to bipedalism to better use our hands , but fossil evidence shows bipedalism came millions of years before larger brains or stone tools did , and chimpanzees , our closest living relatives , clearly know how to make and use tools while staying as a quadruped , on all fours .
For a long time now , scientists have instead suggested that bipedalism — an upright posture on two legs — was the key adaptation that set us on the line to becoming human , " but I think that is actually much less clear now with Ardi , " said paleoanthropologist John Hawks at the University of Wisconsin at Madison .
While Ardi was better at walking upright than chimpanzees are , it still would have been poor at it and must have spent a lot of time in the trees , possessing as she did an opposable big toe and other adaptations of the foot and pelvis best developed for climbing .
Indeed , " her generalized pelvis might be the default form , with the long pelvis of chimps and gorillas , adapted for having their trunks in a horizontal position , being derived from that , " Hawks said .
Human - like teeth
What makes Ardipithecus a clear relative of humanity are its small , human - like canine teeth .
Virtually all male primates except hominids have large canines — in chimpanzees and gorillas , these are tusk - like , and when the upper canines close down , they are sharpened against lower teeth , keeping them honed as weapons for threatening and sometimes attacking other males .
This evolutionary change in canines might explain why bipedalism evolved in the first place , suggested anatomist C. Owen Lovejoy at Kent State University , who collaborated with White on Ardi .
Since the canines were no longer used as weapons , Lovejoy conjectured this reflected a change in behavior , involving less competition between males .
To entice females , males instead might have brought them food , and bipedalism would free up the arms to carry such gifts .
Still ,
Hawks noted that earlier fossils , such as the roughly 7 - million - year - old Sahelanthropus and 6 - million - year - old Orrorin , also displayed similar teeth , which meant reduction in canine size might have occurred long before bipedalism , sometimes called bipedality .
" We see now with Ardi that bipedality is part of a broader change , but I think we have yet to identify what that is — dietary or ecological or even social factors , " Hawks said .
Australopithecus — the ancestor of humanity ?
While Ardipithecus may represent the first hominid , it may be Australopithecus that may be the ancestors of Homo , the group that we humans , Homo sapiens , belong to .
Although Ardi had an intermediate form of walking , the famed 3.2 - million - year - old skeleton Lucy , which belonged to the species Australopithecus afarensis , definitely strode upright .
The australopithecines lived from about 4.2 million years ago to roughly 2 million years ago , living in open woodlands .
" Most of us think Homo came from some version of Australopithecus , " Hawks said .
One major candidate is Australopithecus garhi , which White helped discover in 1996 .
Homo emerged about 2.5 million years ago , coinciding with the first evidence of stone tools .
" The environment got drier about then .
There was drying throughout Africa , and spreading of grassland species , " Hawks said .
" Horses enter about 2.3 million years ago , the ancestors of the zebra , and you had grassland antelopes diversifying . "
It is possible that Ardipithecus is a hominid , and that Australopithecus is its direct descendent .
It is also possible that Ardipithecus is the common ancestor of chimpanzees and our ancestors , and that Australopithecus is the first hominid , Hawks said , or that Ardipithecus is a side branch of our family tree .
" Everyone wants to find the first , " Hawks said .
Next Post :
Barney Frank on the National Equality March : Everybody Stay Home , Obama Does n’t Need the Pressure »
Videogames often get criticized by out - of - touch old cranks for causing violence and encouraging aggressive behavior , so it 's very interesting indeed to see that one man , who could rightly be regarded as an expert on serenity and anger - management , is recommending videogames as a way to curb aggressive tendencies .
Trinley Dorje is more than just a Buddhist monk .
The twenty - four - year - old man is the Karmapa Lama .
That makes him the only Buddhist leader to be acknowledged by China , India and Tibet .
So yeah , he 's a pretty big deal and he knows his stuff when it comes to the Buddhist way of life .
He 's also a keen gamer , and believes that the so - called " sick filth " of interactive entertainment does n't clash with his belief system .
" I view videogames as something of an emotional therapy , a mundane level of emotional therapy for me , " explains Dorje .
" We all have emotions whether we 're Buddhist practitioners or not , all of us have emotions , happy emotions , sad emotions , displeased emotions and we need to figure out a way to deal with them when they arise .
" So , for me sometimes it can be a relief , a kind of decompression to just play some videogames .
If I 'm having some negative thoughts or negative feelings , videogames are one way in which I can release that energy in the context of the illusion of the game .
I feel better afterwards .
" The aggression that comes out in the video game satiates whatever desire I might have to express that feeling .
For me , that 's very skillful because when I do that I do n't have to go and hit anyone over the head . "
It 's very refreshing to see such an open - minded take on videogames , especially from a spiritual leader .
He 's quite right , too .
There 's nothing like pumping virtual bullets into your friends to relieve tension and I must say , every time I score a headshot on Killzone 2 , I feel one step closer to enlightenment .
Our Team
The attorneys at the Brill Legal Group , P.C. bring an array of talents to to the cases they handle .
Our team has combined experience in criminal defense , trial litigation , arbitration , negotiation , investigation , appeals and disciplinary hearings .
Our histories include diverse positions as advocates , prosecutors and civil rights activists .
We practice in Long Island and New York City area courts every day .
We have built a reputation with clients and judges , and our attorneys and verdicts have received coverage in both local and national media outlets .
Peter Brill has been selected as a Super Lawyer since 2012 and has been listed in the Top 100 Trial Lawyers in the New York area by the National Trial Lawyers organization .
We are admitted in state and federal courts , and our attorneys have graduated with honors from undergraduate and law schools .
The Question : My son worked at a discount store for over a year .
One morning , he picked up a 79 - cent Lunchable and started eating it .
He was walking to the register to pay for it when a secret shopper stopped him .
He was fired .
I was called to the store and told if I paid a $ 55 fine , plus paid for the item , they would n't press charges .
I was so embarrassed , I paid .
My son is 17 .
He 's a hard worker with a good attendance record .
It seems so unfair that he 's out of a job over a misunderstanding .
Can they do this ?
Name withheld , Cleveland
The Answer : Can they fire him ?
Yes , they can .
Ohio companies can fire employees at will unless there 's a contract or bargaining agreement that says otherwise , according to Sandy McNair , a Cleveland employment law attorney .
( Full disclosure : McNair 's firm occasionally does work on Plain Dealer union pension plans . )
In the absence of a contract , McNair said , companies can fire a worker for any reason as long as the firing does n't violate discrimination laws .
Still , demanding that you pay $ 55.79 to avoid prosecution sounds like , well , something a " 48 Hours " producer would dream up .
To a retailer , the issue is a lot bigger than a 79 - cent snack .
Theft cost stores about $ 36.5 billion last year , according to the latest annual study by University of Florida criminologist Richard C. Hollinger .
His 2008 study attributes about 42 percent of those losses to theft by employees .
Stores often pass those costs on to us , in the price of goods .
People accused of retail theft by an employer – even if they 're never prosecuted – may have trouble landing another job .
That 's because stores may report these incidents to one of the commercial retail theft databases that companies turn to for background checks of potential hires .
The National Retail Mutual Association , for example , has collected more than 500,000 incidents of employee theft in its NRMA Retail Theft Database .
NRMA accepts reports from client stores who have obtained a signed confession , a signed restitution agreement , a fully paid civil demand , a criminal conviction or other " documentary evidence . "
Choicepoint , the giant data aggregator , says its Esteem workplace theft database collects reports from more than 75,000 retail stores that provide an employee 's signed confession or proof of a theft conviction .
HireRight has an employee - theft database to which 500 member companies contribute a signed confession , evidence of a conviction , video surveillance or eyewitness statements .
NRMA does n't keep reports on minors .
HireRight and Choicepoint both keep reports on people 16 and over – in Choicepoint 's case , as long as the incident involves over $ 5 .
Information held in a retail theft database does n't appear on credit reports .
But like credit reports , these specialty consumer reports are covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act .
Paul Stephens of Privacy Rights Clearinghouse says that means these protections apply :
You have a right to get a free copy of your report every 12 months ( see below ) .
If someone declines to hire you because of a negative report , they must tell you where they got the negative info .
You have the right to demand that incorrect information be removed .
Negative information – with the possible exception of a criminal conviction – must be removed after seven years .
Consumer Wise
If you suspect you may be the subject of a retail theft report , you can request a free copy from :
Choicepoint Esteem .
You can request just an Esteem report , but if you request a " full file disclosure " you 'll get all the reports Choicepoint has about you , including Esteem .
HireRight or call 1-800-381-0645 .
Want more information on background checks and your rights ?
Visit Privacy Rights Clearinghouse .
E-mail your consumer questions to shharris@plaind.com .
Follow Sheryl at twitter.com/consumerwriter .
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) - NASA on Tuesday delayed the test flight of an unmanned prototype moon rocket due to poor weather .
The attempt to launch the 327 - foot ( 100 - meter ) Ares 1 - X rocket was reset for 8 a.m. EDT on Wednesday .
The flight is the centerpiece of a $ 445 million NASA technology demonstration program aimed at replacing the space shuttles .
The shuttles , which began flying in 1981 , are due to be retired next year after six more flights to complete construction of the International Space Station .
NASA planned to launch the demo rocket on Tuesday but was stymied by cloudy skies over the Kennedy Space Center and by a boat that wandered into the launch danger zone .
Pilots and mariners who violate restricted zones can face jail terms and fines of up to $ 250,000 .
Ares 1 - X , currently the world ’s tallest rocket , is a modified space shuttle booster outfitted with a faux second stage and a simulated Orion crew capsule .
It is the first new rocket developed by NASA since the 1970s - era space shuttle .
The test flight is intended to verify computer models used to design rockets .
Ares 1 - X ’s motor was made by Alliant Techsystems Inc as part of a $ 1.8 billion Ares development contract for NASA .
NASA hopes to develop two Ares rockets to return U.S. astronauts to the moon sometime in the 2020s .
The program , however , is under review .
( Editing by Jane Sutton , Editing by Sandra Maler )
Recommendation for the procedure to add platform packages
All , The Haskell Platform steering committee have been very busy over the past two weeks drafting , discussing and redrafting .
The result is our recommendation to the libraries list for a procedure for adding new packages to the Haskell Platform .
Before you all go off and read it , we 'd like to say what feedback we are looking for and what the next steps will be .
The document we 've come up with describes the procedure but only some very basic quality requirements for packages .
Our aim is to have the libraries list come to an agreement on the procedure first and then we can discuss codifying a more comprehensive set of package requirements and guidelines .
The main document contains : * the procedure itself , which is relatively short * a rationale , cross - linked to the procedure * a procedure to help us make decisions
http://trac.haskell.org/haskell-platform/wiki/AddingPackages
There is an accompanying " how to " guide to help the people who will actually be making proposals :
http://trac.haskell.org/haskell-platform/wiki/AddingPackages/HowTo
There is also an example proposal : http://trac.haskell.org/haskell-platform/wiki/Proposals/example
So please send in your comments and of course feel free to ask questions and seek clarifications .
Our hope is that we 'll be able to agree this procedure stuff relatively quickly and then move onto package quality issues and indeed to actually start proposing packages .
Let me also say that I 've been very pleased with how the steering committee has worked .
People have put in a lot of effort .
It took 2 weeks , nearly 60 emails and over 100 edits to the draft .
We did n't always agree but we talked things through thoroughly and turned our early draft into something much better that we 're all satisfied with .
Duncan , on behalf of the rest of the steering committee : Iavor Diatchki , Isaac Dupree , Thomas Schilling , Johan Tibell and Adam Wick .
Users remained stymied today by endless reboots after trying to upgrade their PCs to Windows 7 , according to messages posted on Microsoft 's support forum .
An answer has yet to be found for all users , who began reporting the problem last Friday after watching the upgrade stall two - thirds of the way through the process .
Most users said that their PCs had displayed an error that claimed the upgrade had been unsuccessful and that Vista would be restored .
Instead , their PCs again booted to the Windows 7 setup process , failed , then restarted the vicious cycle .
Several Microsoft engineers , including the company 's senior group manager for Windows supportability , have offered advice , but on Monday users continued to publish complaints on a growing forum thread .
" I think I 've gotten to the point where trying to install Windows 7 is simply not worth it , " said " Chimaera717 " around 1 p.m. ET today .
Chimaera717 was one of the first users to gripe about reboot hell .
" I 'm more content with actually having a working computer .
Anyone know if we can get our money back ? "
Earlier , Microsoft support engineers posting to the thread urged users to burn downloaded upgrades -- which were delivered as disk image , or .iso , files -- at their DVD drives ' slowest speeds to reduce the chance of corrupting the data , one possible explanation for the endless reboots .
At the same time , one user pointed others to a document published last July on Microsoft 's support site that spelled out a possible solution .
Late Monday , Paul Aaron , Microsoft 's senior group manager for Windows supportability , chimed in with a link to another support document .
" From reading through the article , it looks like there is a service running in the background that is preventing the upgrade from completing , " Aaron said .
" Hope this helps . "
The document , published in early September , noted that the " iphlpsvc " service -- which offers IP v6 connectivity over an IP v4 network -- may cause Vista - to - Windows 7 upgrades to hang at the 62 % - completed mark .
The fix that Aaron highlighted requires users to modify the advanced system settings of the PC .
Those instructions did n't do anything for some users , who said that their systems were still crippled .
Editor 's note :
The FBI has one more opening on its list of the Ten Most Wanted Fugitives .
Tune into CNN's " Campbell Brown " at 8 p.m. ET Wednesday to find out who fills the final slot .
Alleged cartel hit man Eduardo Ravelo has been added to the FBI 's most wanted list .
EL PASO , Texas ( CNN ) -- Eduardo Ravelo is described as a " ruthless killer " who has gone to great lengths to avoid law enforcement while contributing to the bloodshed that terrorizes the border between Texas and Mexico .
Authorities say the suspected hit man with close ties to the Juarez drug cartel has shaved his head , undergone plastic surgery and even manipulated his fingerprints to elude capture .
He heads the Barrio Aztecas gang , but Ravelo is n't flashy , FBI agents say .
He keeps a low profile , living modestly .
On Tuesday , Ravelo was named to the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list , taking the second of three vacant slots .
Watch the FBI discuss Ravelo 's alleged crimes »
Officially , he 's wanted on federal racketeering charges , but the FBI says Ravelo 's criminal activities run much deeper .
He is believed to be responsible for dozens of murders and assaults , as well as drug trafficking , extortion , weapons offenses and money laundering , FBI Agent Samantha Mikeska said .
Watch the latest on Ravelo »
" He has no respect for human life , " she said .
" Campbell Brown " Watch the FBI announce the latest addition to its Ten Most Wanted list .
Tonight , 8 ET see full schedule »
Mikeska is leading the hunt for Ravelo , who goes by the nickname " Tablas , " which is Spanish for wooden plank .
He 's also called " Two - by - four " and is believed to be hiding with his wife and children , probably in a Barrio Aztecas - controlled neighborhood in Juarez , Mexico , just across the border from El Paso , Texas .
" Eduardo Ravelo rose to power within the Barrio Aztecas criminal enterprise because of his connections with the Juarez cartel and also [ because ] he 's a ruthless killer and will basically carry out what the Juarez cartel wants him to do , " Mikeska said .
Barrio Aztecas started as a Texas prison gang in the 1980s .
Federal authorities say the profits from drug sales are often transferred to the commissary accounts of gang members in prison .
Ravelo came to his position atop the gang violently , the FBI agent said , killing the person whose place he took .
His power comes from his close ties to the Juarez cartel .
He has spent the past 15 years cultivating relationships with some of the highest - ranking cartel members .
Drug cartel leaders often align themselves with street gangs , employing gang members to carry out some of the cartel 's most vicious work .
U.S. authorities say the commanders of the Juarez cartel often call on Ravelo to execute their enemies .
In exchange , Ravelo and his Barrio Aztecas comrades get drugs to sell on the streets of Mexico and the United States .
FBI investigators say they believe that in March 2008 , Ravelo carried out a hit on a captain in his own gang .
Mikeska believes Ravelo stabbed him several times and shot him in the neck .
Shortly after the murder , he became a Barrio Aztecas " capo , " or captain .
In recent years , federal agents have arrested dozens of Barrio Aztecas ' 3,500 members , with six of its leaders sentenced to life in prison .
But Ravelo has eluded authorities .
He holds both U.S. and Mexican citizenship , federal authorities say , helping him escape across the border into Mexico with his wife and children .
While he may be staying out of sight , he 's keeping up his violent work , Mikeska says , and he has the resources to do so .
" He has an entourage , he has bodyguards , he has armored vehicles to protect him from rival gangs and rival cartels , " Mikeska says .
All About Federal Bureau of Investigation • Ciudad Juarez
Low Flu Vaccination Rate Reveals Massive Repudiation of American Government
by Bill Sardi
Recently by Bill Sardi : What ’s Behind the False Flag FluEmergency ?
The American government may have left itself exposed to revealing just how strongly the public opposes its flu vaccination campaign .
For the first time Americans can count how many of its citizens opted for or against flu vaccination , and the numbers are appalling .
After months of drum - beating , that the so - called late - 2009 season H1N1 " swine flu " could develop into a more severe pandemic with greater loss of life as the winter flu season approached , Americans have not bought into government - generated flu hysteria .
Americans are hearing just 22.4 million doses of flu vaccine are available , which is posed as a vast shortage .
But news sources indicate only about 11 million Americans have been vaccinated to date , an underwhelming public response to the government ’s massive crusade to vaccinate up to 70 — 80 % of the population ( 210 — 240 million Americans ) .
That goal has been trimmed to 159 million , about half the population , and production delays mean millions of Americans would have to wait till the flu season is almost over to undergo inoculation next spring .
Why get vaccinated at all ?
What prompted the national emergency ?
Did such strong opposition to flu vaccination prompt the President to announce a contrived national emergency , which really had nothing to do with public health or saving lives , but rather whether hospitals were going to be able to collect Medicare and Medicaid payments for flu - related illness .
Will government silence opposition to vaccination ?
This flu season Americans are tapping into the internet to read and listen to alternate sources of information about the flu .
Sources like the National Vaccine Information Center captained by Barbara Loe Fisher , Infowars.com by Alex Jones , and Radio Liberty by Dr. Stan Monteith , have led the charge .
Then health writers Shannon Brownlee and Jeanne Lenzer unleashed a scathing online article against flu vaccination in the November issue of Atlantic Magazine , a blow that could have pushed government to announce that it may shut down parts of the internet should a flu pandemic cause Americans to flood the internet
Suddenly the General Accountability
Office produces a report which warns that a severe pandemic could result in massive absentee rates at work and school , which in turn , could overload the internet with Americans who decide to spend their sick time at home on the internet .
Bandwidth could be limited and the internet could crash , the report alleges .
But this could be a veiled attempt to shut down opposition to government ’s flu vaccination program .
Hurry up , limited supply
The news media appears to be conducting a " cabbage patch doll " strategy where word of a limited supply of vaccine is being used to create a rush for the available remaining vaccine .
Even that strategy does n’t seem to be working .
Writer Maggie Fox for Reuters says
" The US government may end up throwing away unused doses of swine flu vaccine if people cannot get it soon . "
But even with supply , public demand appears to be waning , if it ever existed at all .
Surveys show masses of Americans are wary of the vaccine , particularly the mercury ( thimerosal ) used as a preservative .
This prompted Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to say more single - dose vaccine , which contains less mercury , would be ordered .
Even then , the FDA said it would eliminate mercury from vaccines altogether .
It ’s still in there .
This suggests the vaccine is being made as public demand is being gauged .
There may be no real shortage , just reluctance to produce billions of dollars of flu vaccine which the public does n’t want .
A delay in the delivery of vaccines could also result in greater flu deaths in what becomes a way to panic the public into vaccination .
In past flu seasons the government and vaccine makers lost money when vaccination rates were low and unused vaccine had to be discarded .
About 120 million doses were anticipated by mid-October , but only about 40 million are anticipated for delivery .
Propaganda machine
The news media is going all out to unravel its propaganda machine in support of the government ’s flu agenda , but this time the public is n’t falling for the ruse as they have in past flu seasons when the vaccine did n’t even match the flu strain in circulation and single doses could n’t even produce sufficient levels of antibodies for many people , particularly those in high - risk groups .
Writer Rebecca Ruiz of Forbes.com fudged her numbers , quoting 3000 flu- related deaths and 29,000 hospitalizations , rather than the prior figures used when the President declared a national emergency ( 1000 deaths and 20,000 hospitalizations over an 8 - month period ) .
Ruiz and Forbes.com claim this is " America ’s worst pandemic since the 1918 flu . "
But that is also a falsehood .
In fact , the worst flu outbreak since 1918 occurred in 1993 and is n’t even recorded on government timelines of flu outbreaks over the past nine decades .
The 1993 flu catastrophe , which set back the life expectancy of Americans for the first time since 1918 , was reported by Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Reports to have primarily stricken elderly nursing home patients late that year .
This was the first year Medicare paid for flu shots for nursing home patients .
It is obvious something very lethal was in that year ’s flu shot that led to the premature demise of thousands of senior Americans .
Writer Claudia Kalb at Newsweek.com attempted to overcome what she called " flu falsehoods , " without a word that most of the misdirection and misinformation is coming from government .
Kalb writes : " How do you get the facts out and combat massive misinformation on the web ? "
In conjunction with news media , the federal government has unleashed a huge propaganda campaign on behalf of the vaccine makers .
Newsweek reports :
" Today , the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , in partnership with the White House and other government agencies , have gone viral with online seminars ( or “ Webinars ” ) , text messages , podcasts , Twitter , Facebook , Flickr , and YouTube .
The CDC has partnered with WebMD on a flu blog written in part by a CDC medical epidemiologist .
Since April , the CDC has signed up 30,000 fans and friends on Facebook and 1 million followers on Twitter , and it has sent out 244,000 flu updates to H1N1 e-mail subscribers .
HHS used Elmo for a PSA that teaches kids to sneeze into their elbows , and it funded a special episode of Sid the Science Kid , a PBS show for preschoolers , that debuted this week .
The plot features Sid and his preschool buddies dancing and singing and getting their flu shots .
Lyrics :
“ It might hurt a little , but it ’s going to help a whole lot ! ”
But these poorly timed efforts to promote vaccination were urging Americans to hurry up with no place to go .
News media continue to create the false impression that millions of Americans are waiting in line for flu shots .
Nothing is further from the truth .
Not everybody agrees
A fearful and ignorant public is what news media portray .
So it is particularly irksome to health authorities when pediatricians in Collier County , Florida sign a letter refusing to promote swine flu because it is " unsafe . "
A spokesman for the group of doctors said : " This has been a more of a media marketing blitz than I think it ’s a real medical catastrophe . "
Nor does it help sell vaccine when the Associated Press writes that 7 of 10 voters in Michigan are unsure about or opposed to flu vaccination .
Public distrust
Public distrust of government is growing .
Just how many Americans object to the war in the Middle East and its falsehoods ( " mission accomplished " and " weapons of mass destruction " ) , or oppose draconian changes for the funding of American healthcare , or dislike financial bailout programs for reckless American bankers , is largely unknown .
If opposition to flu vaccination is any barometer , the vast majority of Americans are unwilling participants in many of the federal government ’s escapades .
Rejection of the flu vaccination program gives politicians a look at what they may face in the next election .
It ’s a massive repudiation of American government , and politicians had better take note .
The Best of Bill Sardi
3. Other Sites Devoted to Contemporary Analytic Epistemology
The Epistemology Page - by Keith DeRose , this page contains a bibliography of some epistemology papers published since 1995 , a guide to departments strong in epistemology and other resources .
EpistemeLinks Epistemology
Page - contains links to several sites , plus a list of relevant online encyclopedia entries , etc. Vagueness - includes many online articles on vagueness and the Sorites Paradox , assembled by Justin Needle .
4. Epistemology Blogs
Certain Doubts - a blog devoted to epistemology from Jonathan Kvanvig .
Epistemic Value - administrated by Duncan Pritchard .
Knowability - devoted to issues " modal epistemic , " from Joe Salerno .
JanusBlog - the virtue theory discussion forum .
Reformed Epistemology - with Michael Sudduth .
5. Bibliographic Resources in Epistemology
6. Encyclopedia Articles on Epistemology
Encyclopedia articles on epistemology are not linked here , but a complete list can be found in the epistemology encyclopedia articles section of epistemelinks .
7. Buying Philosophy Books Online
A number of useful philosophy books are out of print and , in most places , local bookstores are unlikely to have a good selection of relevant books .
There are , however , some excellent free resources for finding out - of - print books on the Internet .
I have collected a large set of links to these resources on my Bookhound Page .
What follows is a brief description of some of the most useful of these resources .
There are thousands of bookstores around the world which have their catalogs of used books online , but searching each of these is impractical .
However , it is sometimes useful to be able to contact particular stores which specialize in philosophy books .
I have linked three of the largest of these here .
Fortunately , there are meta - search engines for such stores .
For example , one of the largest of these , Abebooks , lists over 110 million books from over 13,500 independent used - book stores around the world .
You can search such databases by keyword , author , title , subject , publisher , price , binding , country , etc .
Better yet , there are meta - meta search engines .
Perhaps the largest of these is Bookfinder.com , which searches 10 meta - search engines devoted to used books ( including Abebooks ) plus 8 major online sellers of new books .
Bookfinder searches the inventories of over 20,000 booksellers around the world , and its database contains over 150 million books .
There are also many other such meta - search engines , most devoted to comparing prices for new books , and these can be found on my Bookhound Page here .
The main drawback to such meta - meta search engines is that the searches take more time than those of mere meta - search engines .
Of course , it is important to be careful when ordering anything online , and I can't vouch for any bookstores you might contact through my links .
I can say that I have ordered scores of books over the past several years using these resources and have been fortunate enough to never have had any sort of problem .
Another thing to be careful about is shipping and handling charges , which vary considerably from store to store .
You can sometimes save money by paying more for the book and less for S&H. Happy Hunting !
8. Links To 1247 Online Papers In Contemporary Analytic Epistemology + Epistemologist 's Home Pages
" B " indicates that the site includes an extensive bibliography of the author 's works .
" PB " indicates a partial bibliography .
Aikin , Scott .
Alspector - Kelly , Marc .
Alston , William .
Aune , Bruce .
Axtell , Guy .
Ayer , A. J .
Bates , Jared .
Bergmann , Gustav .
" Synthetic A Priori " ( selection from Logic and Reality , 1967 )
Blome - Tillmann , Michael .
( CNN ) -- Richard Thompson has had three boxed sets devoted to his music .
He 's been the subject of a tribute album .
He 's constantly ranked among rock ' n ' roll 's greatest guitarists and finest songwriters by both the music press and fellow musicians .
Richard Thompson says the focus of his career is his live work .
Top 40 hits are " kind of meaningless , " he said .
For all that , the man 's highest - charting U.S. album ( 1996 's " You ? Me? Us ? " ) peaked at No. 97 on Billboard 's Top 200 chart , and the number of Top 40 singles he 's had stands at exactly zero .
What does a legend have to do to get noticed by the mainstream ?
Thompson , 60 , brushes aside such hopes of breakout success .
His focus is on live performance , he says in a phone interview .
" I think the focus of what I do is really live work , " he said .
" And I think if you persist in that , then slowly but surely , through word of mouth , the word gets out .
And I continue to grow as a live performer . "
Still , for those who want a Thompson primer before seeing him live -- he 'll be touring with Loudon Wainwright in the fall -- there 's that third boxed set , " Walking on a Wire : 1968 - 2009 " ( Shout ! Factory ) , which came out recently .
The four - disc set compiles some of his best work with his old band Fairport Convention , his ex-wife Linda , and as a solo artist .
The amiable Thompson took some time to talk about putting together the new box , remaining outside the fray and what he thinks of " Rock Band . "
The following is an edited version of the interview .
CNN : Were you surprised another boxed set was in the offing ?
Richard Thompson :
This is more of an overview and perhaps a first - time buyers ' introduction kind of thing .
It 's a greatest hits .
If there were any hits .
( chuckles )
CNN : Does that bother you ?
You 've never had , especially in the States , that kind of mainstream , Top 40 success .
Thompson :
You know , I think that 's kind of meaningless .
Certainly in the area in which I exist , I do n't think you need hits , necessarily -- though having said that , it would have been useful .
Do n't Miss Official site : Richard Thompson
I think the focus of what I do is really live work .
And I think if you persist in that , then slowly but surely , through word of mouth , the word gets out .
And I continue to grow as a live performer .
More and more people come to shows , which is gratifying .
I think the albums serve as a signpost , a reference point , but it 's not really the focus .
CNN : You 've played professionally for more than 40 years .
What were your goals when you started with Fairport ?
Thompson : Probably to survive .
...
We turned pro when I was 18 .
At that age , you do n't really think beyond about three months .
So we were delighted and thrilled to be kind of earning a living from what we were doing .
I think in the back of our minds , we thought , we 'll do this for a year or two years , and then it 's back to school , back to college and get a real job .
And then it lasted for five years , [ though ]
I still thought I 'd be going back to school at some point .
And then 10 years , 15 -- I 'm still looking over my shoulder occasionally in disbelief that I managed to get away with it this long .
It actually turned into a career .
CNN : There are these themes -- tightropes , carnivals , the " Wall of Death " -- that run through your songs .
Do you feel like you 're on a tightrope ?
Thompson : I think if you 're going to be an artist , you 're really supposed to be on the edge of society .
Your positions should , by definition , be precarious .
It 's only when you 're out on the rim that you have the best view , that you have the perspective to see what society is .
So I suppose I 'm kind of referring to that sort of thing .
CNN : It 's a cliched question , but who or what influenced your music ?
Thompson : I grew up listening to Scottish music , traditional music , my father 's jazz records and my sister 's rock ' n ' roll records .
And in my father 's record collection , there were things like French records he brought back from World War II .
...
And I listened to other instruments , to do things that people like piano players could do very easily that are quite hard to do on the guitar .
So I 've always tried to do some of those syncopated things that pianists do on the guitar .
Sometimes you need to take things outside of your field , to push the vocabulary of your instrument .
...
The more you know about musical history , the richer your possibilities are .
And I think the more you look outside your own field of music , the more you 're going to discover .
CNN : A few years ago , Playboy asked a number of people to put together a list of the " best songs of the past 1,000 years , " and you took them seriously , going back to the 11th century .
Were you surprised when they rejected the list ?
Thompson : I think they thought I was taking the piss , as we say in England .
That I was irreverent .
And perhaps I was .
CNN : When anthologies of your work are put together , do you listen and say , " That 's pretty good " or " I 'd like to do that again " ?
Thompson : Usually the latter .
I do n't really like listening to my own recordings that much .
One of the reasons is , I perform the songs live , and every night things get slightly differently interpreted .
And the version you perform tends to grow away form the recorded version with the passage of time ... in your desire to keep your music fresh .
So it 's sometimes horrifying [ to listen ] -- why did I do it so slowly ?
Or , that 's a really lame version .
CNN : The game Rock Band is very popular now , with a Beatles edition coming out .
Have you tried to play Rock Band ?
Thompson : ( laughs ) I have n't tried it , no .
I have n't had a chance .
I think it might be fun .
But I hope some of the people who play these games are actually thinking , " I 've scored so many points in this game , perhaps I should try a real instrument at some point . "
So I hope it encourages people to take an interest in music , as opposed to just kind of messing around .
...
It 's an extraordinary phenomenon .
I 'd love to have a go .
CNN : If you had n't managed to fool people over the years , what would you have done ?
Thompson : I really do n't know .
I think I would have been some kind of dropout .
I was such a rebel .
... I 'd probably be one of those people who follows festivals around making hand - tooled leather belts or something , living in a caravan .
...
Or a landscape gardener or something .
I could probably do that .
The family of a 52 - year - old Huntington Memorial Hospital nursing assistant who had a stroke a week after she was attacked by a patient has filed a claim in a state workers ’ compensation court , saying she was unfairly denied medical coverage .
Amelia Mendoza , who has four adult children , had a massive stroke April 20 , about 2 1/ 2 hours after being turned away from Huntington Memorial Hospital ’s occupational health clinic because it was too busy , her family ’s lawyers said Tuesday .
It was the second time in seven days that she was turned away , according to attorney Russell Glauber .
The Mendoza family ’s lawyers gave the following narrative at a news conference in front of the hospital Tuesday :
Mendoza had first been seen at the emergency room April 12 after being attacked by a young patient .
She was told her blood pressure was high and sent back to work .
Advertisement
On April 14 , she was attacked again by the same patient .
The patient , a girl , bit , scratched , pushed and struck Mendoza and tore out a clump of her hair .
This time , Mendoza went to the hospital ’s occupational health clinic but was told to return later because it was too busy .
She returned on April 20 and was again told to come back at a later date .
She suffered the stroke 2 1 / 2 hours later while eating dinner at a mall with her family .
Mendoza had no history of high blood pressure before the attacks , the lawyers said .
Andrea Stradling , a spokeswoman for Huntington , said Tuesday that “ all appropriate protocols were followed ”
“ The hospital does not believe her current medical condition is related to any work - related injury , ” said Stradling , who declined to discuss details of the case .
Advertisement
Mendoza , who had worked at the Pasadena hospital for six years , has been on a feeding tube and unable to respond to commands since the stroke , her family ’s attorneys said .
Her personal medical insurance , Anthem Blue Cross , stopped paying for hospital bills Oct. 1 , said Chelsea Glauber , who is representing Mendoza .
Glauber said Mendoza ’s family had to take her home despite her doctor ’s recommendation that she be transferred to a stroke rehabilitation center .
Peggy Hinz , a spokeswoman for Anthem Blue Cross , released a statement Tuesday saying that ultimate decisions for benefits to Huntington ’s employees are made by the hospital .
The hospital ’s workers ’ compensation claims administrator , Tennessee - based Sedgwick Claims Management Services , declined to comment .
Mendoza ’s husband , Ralph , now cares for her at their San Gabriel Valley home and prepares meals for her to be fed through a feeding tube .
Advertisement
“ I want the medical care my wife deserves , ” Ralph Mendoza said .
Attorneys for Mendoza are planning to meet in a Van Nuys courtroom today to ask a judge for a trial to be heard by the state Workers ’ Compensation Appeals Board .
Susan Gard , chief of legislation and policy for the California Division of Workers ’ Compensation , said the state encourages workers and employers to resolve their disagreements quickly .
But if either side is unwilling to negotiate , it could take several years before the dispute is resolved .
--
Advertisement
ron.lin@latimes.com
( CNN ) --
If you were to judge the success rate of monogamy by the sex lives of public figures , perhaps couples should change their marriage vows to say , " Till a tempting new partner do us part . "
Talk - show host David Letterman recently joined former presidential candidate John Edwards , South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford and former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer on a long list of politicians and entertainers ( think Jude Law ) who have admitted having sex outside their marriage or committed relationship .
But do they just illustrate the realities of modern life ?
In the age of hookups , friends with benefits and online dating , and as human life expectancy grows , is it still reasonable to expect people to pair up and stay monogamous until death do them part ?
" It 's realistic that some people can mate for life in the same sense that some people can play the Beethoven violin concerto or other people can ice - skate beautifully or learn a new language , " said psychiatrist Judith Eve Lipton .
Added evolutionary biologist David Barash , " It 's within the realm of human potential , but it 's not easy . "
Lipton and Barash , who have been married 32 years and are the co-authors of " Strange Bedfellows " and " The Myth of Monogamy , " said serial monogamy may be more realistic -- a model in which people move from one committed long - term relationship to another and choose partners for different reasons at different stages of their life .
Possibilities in polyamory ?
For some , even serial monogamy seems too restrictive .
The 1970s introduced the concept of " open marriage " in which couples stayed married but were free to date other people .
More recently , polyamory -- the practice of having romantic relationships with multiple people at the same time with the full knowledge and consent of all involved -- has been getting a lot of attention .
" We found the expectation that one person should be our everything seemed unrealistic given our day and age .
...
It 's oddly pressuring to set up that scenario , " said Mark , who lives in Springfield , Missouri , and is in a polyamorous relationship .
( He asked that his last name not be used for privacy reasons . )
Mark , 42 , has been married for five years .
He and his wife tried different things to spice up their marriage , including swinging , or having casual sex with other people , he said .
But they found the experience unfulfilling and decided what they really wanted was to be able to fall in love with others while staying together .
Mark dates another woman , and his wife , who declined to be interviewed for this article , is dating another man .
The four of them frequently get together to have dinner or watch movies .
" People describe polyamory as ' poly - agony ' because of all the work you have to do to maintain things , " Mark said .
" It 's just not normal to look over and see your wife with another man .
I know a lot of people would have a real problem with that .
I really do n't . "
The ultimate goal is for everyone in the group to live together , Mark said .
" This is n't about having affairs , it 's really about being able to be open and loving , " he added .
Researchers studying polyamory estimate there are more than half a million polyamorous families in the United States , according to Newsweek .
People seeking shorter , more secretive dalliances now have more opportunities than ever online .
One example : The Ashley Madison Agency , a dating Web site for married men and women , which claims 4.5 million members and greets visitors with the motto , " Life is short .
Have an affair . "
No wonder many people believe monogamy is completely on its way out .
French author Jacques Attali in recent years wrote , " Monogamy , which is really no more than a useful social convention , will not survive .
It has rarely been honored in practice ; soon , it will vanish even as an ideal . "
Cultural give and take
That ideal may depend on where you live .
A journalist who traveled the world to examine how adultery is viewed by different cultures said Americans have a harsher view of infidelity than people in practically any other country .
" Americans are too surprised by infidelity when it happens .
I think we go into marriage with perhaps unrealistically high expectations about human nature , " said Pamela Druckerman , author of " Lust in Translation . "
The French , in contrast , are as hopeful about staying faithful as Americans when they get married , but if one of the spouses has an affair , they are able to accept it as something that can happen over the course of a long marriage , said Druckerman , an American who lives in Paris .
When French President François Mitterrand died in 1996 , for example , his longtime mistress and their daughter attended his funeral -- at his widow 's invitation .
" [ Americans ] think if an affair happens , it 's the end of the story , the fairy tale has been completely shattered , the person is n't the person we thought they were .
The knee - jerk reaction is you have to get a divorce , " Druckerman said .
" [ In France , ] there 's less of a sense that the person who cheats is a terrible human being or that this is a marker of a person 's whole character . "
In Russia , Druckerman found that infidelity is considered a pleasurable vice , like smoking cigarettes .
In Finland , sex in general is viewed as a very positive experience , so when a person is presented with the possibility of a sexual experience , it 's in some ways socially sanctioned to pursue it , Druckerman said .
Famous and powerful are different
Experts on relationships and human sexuality said that while we may not be wired to stay faithful to one partner for a lifetime , we can make a conscious decision to do so -- a choice that still comes with powerful emotional , biological and economic benefits .
And while the sexual exploits of celebrities such as David Letterman can be shocking , it 's important to remember that powerful or famous people can have more inclination , opportunity and resources to stray .
" They are used to the adrenaline rush in terms of being out there in the limelight .
... I call them adrenaline junkies , " said Terri Orbuch , a professor of sociology at Oakland University and author of the new book " 5 Simple Steps to Take Your Marriage From Good to Great . "
" They need that passion and excitement in their relationships . "
That can make famous or powerful people more likely to look outside their marriage to continue the adrenaline rush , Orbuch said .
Power , wealth and fame are also well - known aphrodisiacs that attract lots of potential new sexual partners -- an issue with which typical couples may not have to grapple .
Monogamy 's payoffs
Whatever the temptation , most people still prefer to be in a monogamous relationship , said Nadine Kaslow , a professor at Emory University School of Medicine who specializes in couples and families and who also is chief psychologist at Grady Health System in Atlanta , Georgia .
" People feel safer and they feel more trusting .
They feel like they can depend on their partner , " Kaslow said .
" I think that we can make choices in a different way than [ other ] mammals and think through the consequences of things . "
Those consequences can be huge , in many ways .
Nature has provided powerful incentives to stay faithful that are still valid .
" There are a lot of reasons why sexual monogamy is in people 's interests , " Lipton said .
" Because whether it 's raising children or avoiding emotional chaos and drama , like what David Letterman is facing , or whether it 's building an estate and avoiding conflict about estate planning , there are lots of reasons that two people who cooperate are better off than one person alone or one person who is a cheat . "
Solar Sails
Summary
Human beings have been trying to explore the unknown universe through various types of spacecrafts .
Taking this further , researchers at NASA are developing a sail that will use solar energy to propel spacecrafts deep in space .
As Aerospace technologist Dr. Keith Belvin explains , the sun emits light or photons in all directions .
The momentum of photons produces a pressure when reflected from a surface .
This pressure is used to propel the spacecraft further in space .
The pressure from the photons is small but the sail receives a constant source of energy resulting in a good propulsion speed and hence there is a considerable improvement in the travel time .
Solar powered sails will also allow spacecrafts to travel in orbits that are otherwise not affordable .
The vital role of PQQ in mitochondrial support has only been documented in the past 15 years .
From what I have read of this substance , it is worth considering for those of us who have been damaged by statins , whether by cognitive dysfunction , permanent myopathy , ALS like symptoms , or peripheral neuropathy .
[ digg- reddit-me ]
AT&T has emerged as the main opponent of net neutrality – while it has tried to paint Google as its main proponent ( a surprising move given Google ’s popularity . )
Yet , as AT&T now embraces the language of the free market and cloaks itself in libertarian rhetoric about government interference and regulation , it ’s worth considering its history .
AT&T ’s business model is and has always been about manipulating the government for its private advantage .
( In this it is n’t much different than most corporations – except in its spectacular success . )
According to Adam D. Thierer ( whose name will come up later ) , under company president Theodore Vail during the early 20th century , AT&T ’s main goals were :
the elimination of competitors , the befriending of policymakers and regulators , and the expansion of telephone service to the general public .
By 1913 , as AT&T had bought up many competitors and driven many smaller companies out of business in local phone service and taken a dominant position in long - distance calling , the Justice Department became concerned that AT&T was becoming a monopoly to the detriment of competition .
At this point , AT&T voluntarily entered into the Kingsbury Commitment to avoid the otherwise inevitable regulation – agreeing to withdraw from certain markets ( divesting itself from Western Union which it had just bought for example ) and to stop its war on smaller local calling companies .
They secured their advantage though and were able to continue to solidify its lucrative effectively monopolistic position in long - distance .
As the company continued to solidify its position , it was wary of inciting government efforts to break up its monopoly and so avoided typical practices of monopolies such as raising prices quickly .
But during World War I , the company was nationalized and controlled by the Postmaster General .
AT&T , now safe from monopoly concerns , immediately lobbied the postmaster general to allow it to raise rates significantly , which under normal circumstances would have triggered concern about monopolistic abuse of power .
But , as a government entity during a time of war , AT&T was given this allowance : AT&T raised its rates 20 % in the first half year under government control .
In addition , the government decided to compensate the company with $ 13 million “ to cover any losses they may have incurred , despite the fact that none were evident , ” as Thierer points out .
Subsequently , AT&T began lobbying for government regulation of long - distance rates to solidify their advantage as the de facto monopoly of the long - distance .
They succeeded in return for their promise to extend universal telephone coverage .
This bargain with the government as well as AT&T ’s prestige and government contracts gave it great pull with the FCC such that the FCC protected it .
Thierer again :
Beside its powers to regulate rates to ensure they were “ just and reasonable , ” the FCC was also given the power to restrict entry into the marketplace .
Potential competitors were , and still are required to obtain from the FCC a “ certificate of public convenience and necessity . ”
The intent of the licensing process was again to prevent “ wasteful duplication ” and “ unneeded competition . ” … [ The FCC would ] use its power in favor of AT&T when potential competitors threatened the firm ’s hegemony .
Thierer ’s history ends here .
But AT&T never stopped lobbying the government for favors .
In the late 1950s , as it attempted to block any competitors from even improving its product .
AT&T owned all devices connected to its network , merely licensing phones to its customers – and maintained the right to block the sale of any “ unauthorized foreign attachments ” and terminate service to anyone who used them .
AT&T continued to fight for special government favors in the 1980s and 1990s – as Dick Martin , former head of public relations for AT&T and author of Tough Calls : AT&T and the Hard Lessons Learned from the Telecom Wars , explained in an email interview with me – attempting to block competitors from getting into long distance as well as lobbying on more esoteric issues , as they attempted to reduce “ access charges ( i.e. , the per- minute rate the local phone companies charge to originate or complete a long distance call ) [ and ] the cost of unbundled network elements ( i.e. , what local phone companies charge local competitors for leasing parts of their network . ) ”
Perhaps most relevant to its fight now against net neutrality , AT&T attempted to prioritize voice communications travelling over its wires , discriminating against data .
This would have strangled the internet in its infancy .
AT&T would have done so because – as Lawrence Lessig points out in The Future of Ideas , AT&T ’s closed network of the early to mid-20th century was the exact opposite of the internet :
One network centralizes creativity ; the other decentralizes it .
One network is built to keep control of innovation ; the other constitutionally renounces the right to control .
One network closes itself except where permission is granted ; the other dedicates itself to a commons .
How then was the internet able to develop when to be successful it required the wires and connections only AT&T could provide ?
How then was the freedom of the internet able to develop when it needed to utilize AT&T ’s tightly controlled network ?
What entity was able to take on AT&T to force it to allow the most open market ever constructed to enter its closed system ?
Lessig explains , it was the government :
Beginning in 1968 , when [ the government ] permitted foreign attachments to telephone wires , continuing through the 1970s , when it increasingly forced the Bells to lease lines to competitors , regardless of purpose , and ending in the 1980s with the breakup of AT&T , the government increasingly intervened to assure that this most powerful telecommunications company would not interfere with the emergence of competing data - communications companies .
Along every step of the way though , AT&T has fought and lobbied to get the government on its side and to manipulate the political process for the good of the company ’s bottom line .
Martin explained that one of the key people who has remained at the top level of AT&T during its many shake - ups has been Jim Cicconi , their top lobbyist :
When we were fighting off the Bells ’ entry into long distance , Cicconi had a $ 60 million war chest , separate from his regular budget , for hiring political operatives around the country .
He used the money to throw obstacles in the path of the Bells .
He started and funded so - called “ grassroots ” organizations all over the place , astroturfing the countryside .
His staffers searched out influential people who leaned in our direction and then funded their efforts on the issues that mattered to us .
So , for example , Grover Norquist , president of Americans for Tax Relief , received enough funding to set up special interest groups that have only a tangential connection to reforming the tax system .
For example , the Media Freedom Project , which is a “ project ” of Americans for Tax Reform currently opposes net neutrality .
As does another ATR “ affiliate ” The Property Rights Alliance .
Similarly , the Alliance for Worker Freedom , another ATR affiliate , is opposed to another AT&T bugaboo , union card check .
And of course , ATR is a member of the Internet Freedom Coalition , among other groups opposed to net neutrality .
I ’d be willing to bet that these groups still receive funding from Cicconi ’s war chest .
Of course , the other side does the same thing .
Or at least that was Ciconni ’s excuse when anyone challenged him on any of this stuff .
It seems AT&T is once again engaging in these tactics – as Matthew Lasar of Ars Technica reported yesterday :
AT&T Senior Vice President Jim Cicconi has sent out a e-mail to the company ’s entire managerial staff urging them to deluge the FCC ’s new discussion site with anti-net neutrality comments .
AT&T has a history of lobbying the government for any regulation or deregulation that best suits its interest .
Its success is not that of a free market competitor who always had the best ideas ( though it often has had good ideas ) , but of a savvy political operator who has thrown its weight around and manipulated public opinion , the political process , and regulators to undermine its competitors and strengthen its profits .
Now , they are funding groups opposed to government regulation and interference in the market – specifically on the matter of net neutrality .
Adam D. Thierer , who wrote the article that provided most of the critical history I found of AT&T ’s manipulation of the government to its own benefit , now works for The Progress and Freedom Foundation Project , whose main sponsor according to their website is AT&T .
To my knowledge , it was Thierer who began the erroneous right wing talking point that net neutrality is a fairness doctrine for the internet which has now been repeated by Congresswoman Marsha Blackburn as well as on many , many right wing radio shows and blogs .
While AT&T claims to be promoting internet freedom by opposing network neutrality , it was only robust government regulation of AT&T that allowed the internet to develop at all .
The freedom of the internet was not some natural occurrence – but the deliberate decision by the engineers at the Defense Department and then government regulators , oftentimes while stridently opposed by AT&T .
The corporate libertarians such as Adam Thierer hired by AT&T to promote its agenda only seem to see government intervention impinging on freedom – rather than seeing that the power of a large corporation can be just as destructive .
Of course , as Upton Sinclair said , “ It is difficult to get a man to understand something , when his salary depends upon his not understanding it ! ”
N.B. Neither Adam D. Thierer nor AT&T have responded to any attempts to contact them , though the post will be updated in the event that they do .
Update : Michael Balmoris of AT&T responded to my specific queries regarding net neutrality and AT&T ’s fight against it with this vague pablum :
AT&T has long supported the principle of an open Internet and has conducted its business accordingly , and we support the FCC ’s oversight of the wireline broadband market through case - by - case enforcement of the current four broadband principles .
Furthermore , AT&T shares both President Obama ’s and Chairman Genachowski ’s vision of an open Internet — an Internet with a level playing field that benefits consumers and stimulates investment , innovation , and jobs .
[ Image in the public domain . ]
Like Loading ...
Yesterday , we posted the email correspondence between us and our new bestfriendf4evah , Melissa Lima , who , for some daffy reason , is having trouble tracking down her ex-husband , pitcher Jose Lima .
Many readers have offered to pitch in .
Advertisement
At the end of the Golden League baseball season in September , Lima was pitching for the Edmonton Capitals .
He pitched for Long Beach or one of the California teams earlier in the season .
I 'm in Calgary and saw two games between Edmonton and Calgary .
Lima sat at the end of the dugout and chatted with fans , joked around with them , gave away baseballs , hot - dogged it quite a lot , etc. Greg — Calgary , Alberta
Advertisement
Daulerio ,
Greetings from the Long Beach Armada , where Jose Lima spent the 2009 summer on the mound for Long Beach in 11 games , putting together a 2.93 ERA .
His ex-wife apparently called our GM looking for Lima during our season .
He was traded to the Edmonton Capitals toward the end of the season where things went south — er , North — like his ERA .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It was great having " Lima Time " in Long Beach this season , and he is still just as full of all his antics as ever .
Hoping he 's back with our team next season .
Although if he is , I wonder if we'd have an issue with Melissa showing up at the games to chase him off the mound .
Actually , talk about a great minor league promotion !
Do n't know if any of this will help in Melissa 's quest to find him , but it should make for interesting fodder for your readership .
Let me know if there 's anything I can do to assist in your goal .
Advertisement
Josh Feldman
Director of Promotions / Broadcast
Long Beach Armada Baseball
2900 Orange Ave , Suite 203
Signal Hill , CA 90755
See ?
That was n't so hard .
He 's either in California or Canada .
As for Melissa , well , she 's feeling a little under the weather : " Just got your message .
I will call you later on today .
I 'm suffering in bed with a nasty sinus infection so i'm not up to talking quite yet .
Enjoy your day ! "
Advertisement
Will do !
Also of note , this is n't the first time Melissa has reached out to the Lima fan base .
Reader Nick G. tells his own Find - a - Lima story :
I have a story about Melissa Lima I 'd like to share .
I do n't expect anyone to believe this story , I still have trouble believing it myself , but I assure you that I am not creative enough to make something like this up , nor would I gain any satisfaction from telling a bogus story to a website .
I do n't have any way of proving this without a doubt , but I hope that you will give me the benefit fo the doubt on this .
Advertisement
About 6 years ago , I started to become a serious baseball fan .
Like anyone , I love comeback stories , and so when Jose Lima came back from the dead to make 14 starts for the KC Royals , starting with a 7 game winning streak , I embraced his story .
He 's certainly had a colorful past , what with a 20 win season and being a journeyman and such .
I am a Dodgers fan , and when he went to the team in 2004 , led the team in wins with 13 , and even pitched a complete game shutout against the Cardinals in the playoffs , I became one of his biggest fans .
As a typical high - schooler , I had a Myspace account , and , in honor of his story , I littered my page with references to Jose Lima .
While he did n't do much of anything past 2004 , I left the acknowledgments up as a tribute to his improbable 2004 season , and the best game he ever pitched .
Fast forward to Spring 2007 , I had moved on to college , but had felt no reason to remove the Jose Lima - inspired Myspace account .
One day I checked my page and , completely out of the blue , I had gotten a message from none other than Melissa Lima .
She told me that she had been looking for Jose on various websites for some time , and while she was unable to find him , she did find my makeshift Jose Lima fan page ( most likely the only Jose Lima - inspired page ever made on Myspace ) .
The reason she messaged me , she went on to say , was because when she saw my page , she remembered all of the various pieces of Lima - related baseball memorabilia left in her house .
She told me that , if I gave her my mailing address , she would see what kind of stuff she could find of his , and send it to me .
She , of course , had nothing to do with all this crap , I 'm sure she did n't need constant reminders of her ex-husband .
She felt that , as an avid fan , I would appreciate the items .
Advertisement
I assumed that it was just one of my friends screwing with me , but I messaged her back and forth for a week or so , and eventually sent her my address .
I never expected anything to come of it but , sure enough , 3 weeks later I received a large package at my dorm room .
I called a friend over to see me open it , and indeed , she was n't lying .
She sent me a frame piece commemorating his first start in 2003 since coming back from the Independent leagues , a win against the St. Louis Cardinals .
It included a large photo of him , and the official lineup card from that game , along with a message from then - manager Tony Pena congratulating him on his career comeback .
I do not have a lot of authentic MLB memorabilia , and this frame is now my prized possession .
I thanked her profusely , and encouraged her to send me anything else that she found of his ( she never did , which is quite alright ) .
If you 'd like , I can take a picture of it and send it to be posted .
And if you do not believe any of that story , I encourage you to go ahead and ask her if she remembers the college kid in Michigan with the Jose Lima myspace .
Advertisement
Sincerely ,
Nick G .
East Lansing , MI
For now , the search continues ...
****
Thanks for your continued support of Deadspin .
Barry Petchesky and Special Sauce will be offering cold beverages throughout the nighttime hours .
Now , it 's off to go get that prescription filled .
MUSCAT : The 10 - man Socceroos have scored a stunning 2 - 1 Group B qualifier victory over Oman this morning to put them in pole position to make the Asian Cup finals in 2011 .
Australia were forced to play one man short for 75 minutes after losing defender Rhys Williams to a red card , as well as fight back from a goal down .
But a first - half goal to Luke Wilkshire and a late winner to Brett Emerton with eight minutes left secured the Socceroos an unlikely victory to put them top of the group with two matches remaining .
No words or expressions can adequately convey the significance of what you have done for me .
Your efforts will have a profound effect on my life and more importantly on my son's life .
Due to your involvement , my son and I will have a chance to pick up where we left off .
Best of all , he will have the opportunity to grow up knowing his father .
I sincerely appreciate your sage advice on not to give up on my son and guidance through a very long , arduous and emotionally demanding experience .
I was impressed and grateful in how diligently you represented me during my court hearings .
Particually on the witness stand and cross-examination .
You definitly know the legal system .
I belived I had no chance in regaining custody of my son with my past and current acctions but your legal expertise showed otherwise .
- Jesus Preciado , a child custody client
Wendy represented me in several matters over the past 2 years , including child support enforcement and custody .
My case eventually ended up in a trial .
Wendy is thorough and I always felt she was genuinely invested in myself , my daughter and my case .
Her trial strategy was fantastic .
She was smart , assertive , sharp and powerful .
I could not have asked for anything more .
The results of the trial fell in my favor , more than I ever imagined it would , thanks to Wendy and her staff .
I would recommend Wendy and her firm to anyone .
- Lauren , a child custody client
If you need a lawyer for family matters , the Hernandez Law Firm is THE firm you want on your team .
They all are very competent , professional and thorough .
. . .
I trusted the Hernandez Law Firm with my life , and they took precious care of it .
I am indebted to them for how positive and well supported I am and will be when I come out on the other side of this dark journey .
I hope that no one ever has to go through what I did , but if divorce or any family matter falls upon someone , I highly recommend the Hernandez Law Firm .
- David " Smitty " , a divorce client
Wendy Hernandez is a first rate child custody lawyer .
I met her when she was opposing counsel in a custody case .
I admired her trial skills and courtroom demeanor .
My family hired her to handle a difficult child custody trial , she did an excellent job .
She and her staff were caring and competent .
- Suzanne , an attorney
We received a great result with Wendy .
She was honest and upfront with us about our case .
We got what we wanted and we would recommend her to anybody that is going through a custody battle .
- Miguel , a child custody client
Your firm has done a wonderful job .
Your staff are very knowledgable and courteous and answered all my questions in a timely manner .
This case with my ex-wife and daughter was very difficult for me and your staff made a difficult situation flow smoothly .
Both Jeanine and Elaine were great .
I highly recommend your firm .
- Oney , a child custody client .
As a Grandmother I watched my son worry himself sick .
He was unsure if he was going to be able to raise his son .
However Wendy 's law firm was very upfront and honest with us .
My son did everything he needed to keep his son .
I am happy to say we won the case .
I would like to thank Jeanine and Elaine also for being very helpful and knowing what we were going through .
- Donna Gonzales
Wendy was highly recommended by Eldon Hanson , our personal injury lawyer .
Wendy was very reassuring .
She put our minds at ease immediately .
Especially when my son was removed from my babysitter without my permission .
Wendy acted very quickly and I got my son back the next day , for that was the worst moment of my life .
- Buford , a child custody client
Wendy Hernandez is a great attorney .
I say this because my family uses her exclusively and we have had wonderful results with her efforts .
She advises us honestly .
She has a conscience .
Her demeanor is calm and sweet , yet she is sharp and very effective in the courtroom .
We have had the opportunity to see Wendy in action ( thankfully for us ) and she is a force to be reckoned with .
Wendy understood our position and was able to convey that clearly to the judge , she was a fierce navigator during trial and her determination and skill resulted in judgment for my family .
- Shannon S. , a child custody client
I would highly recommend Wendy and her staff .
Wendy is very knowledgable and available at all times I needed her .
She looks out for you and your best interest , not only as a client but as if you were family .
The staff is very professional and helpful .
I liked the idea of a small firm .
In a large firm I felt I would be a case number not a person .
She truly cares for her clients and serving the client to the best of her ability .
She is one awesome , powerhouse woman .
- Anna , a divorce client
Divorce is not easy on couples .
I was honestly very fearful of the unknown .
After 35 years of marriage , it was the last thing I wanted to do .
I was referred to Wendy with outstanding reviews and accolades .
From the first day I met Wendy and her staff they made me feel comfortable and at ease .
They were professional and friendly at all times .
Her staff Jeanine and Elaine were absolutely amazing .
I can't thank Wendy and staff for walking me through scenarios and representing me during tough times .
They elevated my spirits when I felt down .
At the end , I was very pleased with the settlement .
In tough times , I highly recommend The Law Offices of Wendy Raquel Hernandez and her staff .
- A divorce client
Wendy and her team were such a pleasure to work with !
Divorce is a very hard experience , but Wendy and her team held my hand through the whole experience and made sure everything came out fair .
I never had to worry if things were being done right , because of their professionalism throughout the whole process .
They were so full of kindness and compassion .
- Sarah , a divorce client
One of my favorite things about working in a higher level language is what I like to call " Low Ceremony Objects "
( If there 's another more popular term for them please let me know and excuse my ignorance ) - a.k.a. arbitrary data structures built off of combinations of general purpose containers like arrays and hashs .
They are an effective way to quickly create and manipulate data that has a short lifespan but can be counter productive both in terms code readability and maintainability when over - used and sometimes more structured data or traditional objects are much more effective .
When used correctly - LCO's ( Yup , tired of typing Low Ceremony Object already )
Data structures generally exist for only brief chunks of time that are only defined insomuch as they are used .
The existence of general purpose containers in higher level languages and the minimal amount of code needed to create and access them means that data that would otherwise sit in a predefined data structure now often ends up sitting in a combination of Hashes and Arrays ( or Lists and Dictionaries if you swing that way , or PHP 's bastard stepchild of both )
As for the name - why low ceremony ?
Well , like a Vegas shotgun wedding , these generally do n't come with a lot of planning - no design documents or even a set structure - so there 's generally not a lot of set guidelines involved .
Now why Low Ceremony Objects and not Low Ceremony Data or Low Ceremony Structures ?
Because a large part of the value of using these objects built out of general purpose containers is the large and easy - to - use toolkit of methods either in the objects themselves ( ruby , python , java ) or the standard accessor functions ( php , lisp ) which aid greatly in manipulation of the data - adding , removing , searching , sorting etc .
Reading a book on Clojure got me thinking about this again ( after struggling with it a couple of years ago - see the footnote ) as in the Lisp variant I first learned - Scheme - pretty much every piece of data is a Low Ceremony Object that you can car , cdr , or caaaaadr to your hearts content , but without some additional structure or abstraction added on top of the language complex data quickly becomes difficult to work with .
When used correctly - Low Ceremony Objects are a great boon to development both in programmer productivity and in code cohesion and DRY philosophy - since they are defined instead of declared - their definition is always close in the code base to their usage .
If you make a change to the creation of the LCO you have effectively changed it 's declaration .
You do n't need to dig up a header file or separate class source file to make a modification .
Want a quick data structure to hold a menu ?
Two lines and it's done :
[ { : title => ' Item 1 ' , :url => '/item1 ' } ,
{ : title => ' Item 2 ' , :url => ' / item2 ' , : selected => true } ]
If that menu is going to be created and digested during a portion of 1 Web request then you do n't really want to go through the effort of creating a class , especially if that class is just going to be used as a data structure and is n't going to have any of it's own methods .
What does the following actually get you :
class MenuItem
attr_reader : title , :url
def initialize ( title , url )
@title = title
@url = url
end
end
class MenuItemList
def addItem ( item )
@items ||= [ ]
@items << item
end
def item ( idx )
@items[idx ]
end
end
lst = MenuItemList.new ( )
lst.addItem(MenuItem.new( 'item1','/item1 ')
lst.addItem(MenuItem.new( 'item2','/item2 ')
Not a whole lot ( Ignoring that no one in their right mind would n't just use an Array for MenuItemList unless some more functionality was added ) .
Ruby provides the Struct construct for just this reason - but I 'm not sure that using Struct gets you all that much more than just using a Hash .
In particular I 'm not a fan of passing in a huge parameter list to the constructor as you need to remember the exact order of your properties every time you read code using the initializer otherwise you 'll have problems .
For my money :
menu_item = { : title => ' Item 1 ' , :url => '/item1 ' ,
: selected => true , : dropdown => false , : green => true }
Is more readable than :
menu_item Struct :: MenuItem.new ( " Item 1 " , " / item1 " , true , false , true )
There are a lot of situations where LCO 's are great , but there 's two guidelines I now try to follow :
Only use a Low Ceremony Object if it is going to be created and consumed in relatively close proximity code - wise .
Once a LCO gets too complicated to understand easily by looking at it 's definition or a debug output of the data , it 's time move on to something else .
The reason for the first rule is that as soon as you are moved away from the definition of the object errors are going to creep in since there 's no help from the interpreter or compiler in properly generating and consuming the LCO .
The second guideline should be pretty self evident - since you only have a definition of the data and not a declaration of the type , once the data gets too difficult to understand you are going to make mistakes using it because you do n't have a declaration to fall back on .
LCO 's can also be limiting because data can be hard to extend when a small piece of custom code could achieve the same effect .
Let 's go back to our menu item - what if we made the menu item responsible for displaying itself ?
Suddenly the whole menu system could be a lot more powerful by overloading the base class ( or just duck - typing some other type in there ) :
class MenuItem
... Previous Definition ...
def display ; " < li >< a href= ' #{@url} '>#{@title}</a></li > " ; end
end
class BlinkingMenuItem < MenuItem
def display ; " < li > < a href= ' #{@url} ' style= ' text - decoration : blink ;'>#{@title}</a></li > " ; end
end
class MenuItemList
... Previous Definition ...
def display ; " < ul > " + @items.map { |itm| itm.display }.join + " < /ul > " ; end
end
menu = MenuItemList.new
menu.addItem(MenuItem.new ( ' Item1 ' , '/item1 ' ) )
menu.addItem( BlinkingMenuItem.new ( ' Item2 ' , '/item2 ' ) )
print menu.display
Because who does n't like blinking menu items ?
Achieving the same sort of functionality with just a data structure would mean adding in a conditional branch for each added option - to the point where your code can degenerate into if / elsif / else spaghetti .
Because of how easy LCO's are to create , they may tend to get overused when some additional design level decisions take more effort than just throwing together an Array of Hashes - do n't lose all the benefits of years of work in OOP design just because high level languages make LCO 's so easy to create and consume .
One of my least favorite examples of an LCO is the form system in the Drupal Content Management System - the way to create forms is to generate an enormous associative array where different pound - sign prefixed keys have different meaning and different nested arrays create different functional groups in the form .
This fails both of the LCO tests - most people generating drupal forms never look at the drupal code that actually uses them ( I took a couple of looks and while it 's nice , modular code , it 's also very far away from what we 're generating ) - and since there 's no strong typing it 's impossible to know what went wrong when your form does n't show up correctly ( this may have been fixed with additional error checking in newer releases . )
Secondly with huge forms with dozens of items , it 's hard to look at the data that you 're generating and say with any certainty whether or not there 's a mistake .
Lastly , let 's say I want to add a special widget to a form ( like a slider for example ) - I would n't even know where to start since the data that I 'm passing into the form just gets magically transformed into HTML output on the other end , I do n't have any control over it ( other than just putting HTML directly into the form ) .
So , in conclusion : LCO 's are great where you need to quickly create data types to be consumed just as quickly , but can become a drag on a project when they get too complicated ...
Because of the lack of meta - programming at the class level PHP code in general can suffer from a the downsides of lots of complicated LCO 's , let 's take the Cake PHP framework .
From their tutorial , here 's an example of a model :
class User extends AppModel {
var $ name = ' User ' ;
var $ validate = array (
' login ' => ' alphaNumeric ' ,
' email ' => ' email ' ,
' born ' => ' date '
) ;
}
Compare this to an example in Rails :
class User < DomainModel
table_name 'users '
validates_as_alphanum :login
validates_as_email : email
validates_date :born
end
Wait you say - validates_as_alphanum , validates_as_email and validates_date do n't exist in Rails - except that they do in the super class :
class DomainModel < ActiveRecord :: Base
def self.validates_as_alphanum(field,options={} )
validates_format_of field , options. merge( { : with => .. REG_EXP ..} )
end
...
end
The same thing is doable in CakePHP , but you end up adding instance methods instead of being able to meta program at the class level since the use of a data structure instead of a method forces the implementation to rely on conditional branching and dispatching instead of letting the language handle that part itself .
The advantage of using code instead of a LCO in this case is that there 's a lot more help from the language compiler / interpreter than when you try to create a Domain Specific Language solely out of data .
You effectively need to write an interpreter for the DSL while on the other hand building it out of meta - constructs allows you to use the development language itself as the interpreter ( in which case , you 'll probably end up fullfilling some variation on Greenspun 's Tenth Rule [ via Proggit ] ) .
So , in conclusion : LCO 's are great where you need to quickly create data types to be consumed just as quickly , but can become a drag on a project when they get too complicated or are used as complicated interfaces as they do n't self - document and can make it difficult to track down bugs when they become overly complex .
Of course given the apparent rise of Schema - free databases ( Like CouchDB ) and the NoSQL movement , I might soon be in the minority arguing against the limiting overuse of LCO's .
---------
Footnote :
As an aside , in the development of Webiva ( Our newly - released , newly - open - sourced Rails CMS ) we came across the problem that CMS 's require a boatload of customizable features so that modules can be developed effectively and generally .
This customization must be easy to add into the system from a developer perspective and easier to extend later on as more options are needed .
The former cried out for the support and validation offered by ActiveRecord while the later made more sense using an LCO - after all who wants to update a bunch of models or the database every time a new option is added to the thousands of existing ones .
I started out using just Hash's as that 's what comes in via the params object with some custom - inline validation .
But that quickly became painful and repetitious , so finally what we ended up with was the HashModel - a hybrid between using an LCO and using a full model that allows easy standard ActiveRecord usage in forms but is easy to create , update and use and store in generic DB text fields .
Here 's an made - up example usage :
class BlogDisplayOptions < HashModel
attributes : blog_id => nil , : per_page => 20 , : category => '' , : active= > true
integer_options : per_page
boolean_options :active
def blog
@blog ||= Blog.find_by_id(self.blog_id )
end
def validate
# we need a valid blog
self.errors.add( : blog_id , :invalid ) unless self .
blog
end
end
Usage - storing values as a hash in a serialized column :
@options = BlogDisplayOptions.new ( params [ : blog ] )
if @options.valid ?
paragraph.data = @options.to_hash
paragraph.save
end
Or :
@options = BlogDisplayOptions.new(paragraph.data )
if(@options.blog )
... Do something ..
end
Switching from Hash's to HashModel 's was a huge win in reusability and simplicity .
Now I just need to fix all the other places in the system where I ignored the two rules from above .
Step 1 : Wash and scrub the new teapot thoroughly with a clean , non-abrasive sponge that has never had soap used with it , and clear , cold running water .
Clean out the inside thoroughly to eliminate any dust or fragments of clay .
Do not use any type of soap or cleaning solutions on the teapot , either during the preparation process or later , after it has been put into use .
Step 2 : Fill a large pot with enough cold water to fully immerse the new teapot and its lid , allowing at least an inch or two above the top of the teapot .
Allow enough space that the teapot and lid will not be crowded during the seasoning .
Gradually build the heat of the water to a low boil .
After the water has reached a steady , gentle boil , carefully add the teapot and its lid into the pot , making sure that they are fully under water at all times .
Leave the teapot and water on the stove at the same low boil for half an hour .
Step 3 : Remove from the stove and pour off the water .
Allow the teapot to dry completely , preferably on a rack that affords air on all sides and underneath .
Do not subject the teapot to dramatic changes in temperature such as immersing it in cold water immedately after bringing the pot off of the stove and removing it from the recently boiling water .
Step 4 : Fill the pot with the same amount of cold , clean water as in step two .
Add a small amount , approximately 1 - 1.5 teaspoons , of the type of tea leaves you plan to prepare and serve with the new teapot .
NOTE : Due to the highly absorbent qualities of zisha clay it is best to dedicate each individual teapot to only one variety of tea .
The teapot will take on the character of the tea it has been married to .
The teapot in this example is used for Yunnan black teas , so a small amount of Dian Hong was used for this part of the seasoning process .
Step 5 : Bring the water with tea leaves slowly to a low and stable boil .
The room will smell wonderful as the tea begins to unfurl and infuse into the water .
Step 6 : Gently immerse the teapot and lid into the boilng tea and allow them to boil for thirty minutes .
NOTE : Although cups were also included in the seasoning used for this example , you do need to be careful with putting too many items or items that are too delicate together during the boiling procedures .
At such a low boil there is little to no crashing around within the pot , but do not take risks of breakage with anything tremendously valuable to you .
Step 7 : Remove the pot from the heat and cover it completely .
Allow the entire contents – teapot , lid , and watery tea – to cool and soak overnight .
Step 8 : Carefully pour out the tea liquid from the pot .
Pay particular attention to not allowing the teapot and lid to hit each other and chip or tumble out of the pot .
Step 9 : Rinse the teapot thoroughly with clear , cool running water , again not using any sort of cleaning solutions or soap products .
Step 10 : Allow the teapot to dry completely .
It is now ready for use as a fully functioning yixing teapot .
Be careful not to allow it to contact oils or any caustic materials .
As the teapot ages through use it will produce better and better cups of tea and will acquire the rich sheen of matured seasoned zisha clay .
If every game were a life - or - death moment for Liverpool , they would probably turn out to be immortal .
Although they had the task of avoiding a fifth consecutive defeat in all competitions , this was really an occasion in which the pride of a great club was at stake .
These are the sort of fixtures that bring out indefatigability in Rafael Benítez 's side , who have now beaten these opponents three times in a row .
The Manchester United selection , featuring two forwards and plenty of width , was meant to prey on supposed vulnerability , but Liverpool allowed few openings and Jamie Carragher , in particular , was once more the intrepid defender who can extinguish danger with hair - raising challenges that narrowly avoid calamity .
Two players showed an excess of commitment .
United 's Nemanja Vidic was dismissed in the 90th minute with a second yellow card for his foul on Dirk Kuyt , so suffering a third sending - off in succession against these opponents .
Javier Mascherano , with a second booking shortly after , was also sent packing .
In fixtures such as this , it is virtually compulsory the referee should have a brush with controversy .
United were merely 1 - 0 down when Sir Alex Ferguson sent on Michael Owen against his former club .
With 10 minutes left , the striker was brought down by Carragher .
It could have been a straight red card for the centre - back , but the referee , Andre Marriner , settled for a caution , presumably because he had some suspicion that Owen had not been heading straight for the target .
The losers here have worries that should preoccupy them much more than the official 's interpretation .
Rio Ferdinand continued to be brittle .
His confidence has been undermined and that leaves him looking less imposing physically as well .
Exquisite as Yossi Benayoun 's through pass was in the 65th minute , Fernando Torres was untroubled as he tore past Ferdinand to crash home a drive .
United had their moments and enjoyed periods in which a relative calm appeared precious by comparison with the intermittently overwrought look that Liverpool bore .
However , Ferguson 's team did not devise all that many openings .
Wayne Rooney could hardly have guessed how significant his miscalculation would prove when he misdirected a header from Antonio Valencia into the arms of Pepe Reina in the 21st minute .
Valencia himself clipped the bar from an angle six minutes from the end , but Liverpool were never reduced to disarray .
Benítez 's line - up had the better openings , and more of them .
With 19 minutes gone , for instance , Lucas Leiva robbed Paul Scholes and set up Dirk Kuyt for a miscued attempt .
The incident underlined , all the same , that this was not a conventional occasion .
The oft - derided Lucas impressed to such an extent that he fed through the ball from which the substitute David Ngog scored in stoppage time to confirm the win .
In normal circumstances , the Brazilian is one of two defensive midfielders but here Benítez opted , more or less , for a 4 - 4 - 2 formation that let Lucas enjoy more scope as Mascherano attended to any covering .
Precautions , as it turned out , did not need to be given a high priority .
United were tame for the most part .
That is bound to infuriate Ferguson since he had drawn up a line - up that was expressly aggressive .
The team have now been beaten for a second time in this Premier League campaign and , as in the loss at Burnley , they did not score .
Owen might take modest consolation in the thought that he will now start more often .
Liverpool can allow themselves a few moments when their minds are occupied by no more than a glow of satisfaction .
They had , after all , been in unenviable circumstances .
Torres had missed the midweek loss to Lyon and Steven Gerrard had departed after 25 minutes that night .
Both have been troubled by groin strains .
Here , Gerrard was absent entirely and the Spaniard was taken off before the end .
The side was neither distracted nor apprehensive .
That air of purpose could be sensed in the early exchanges when Fábio Aurélio 's free - kick demanded an alert response from Edwin van der Sar .
It is unarguable that Liverpool should be gauged by their efforts over a period far longer than that of an afternoon , but Benítez should enjoy a respite after getting most calculations correct against United .
The risk taken in picking a semi- fit Torres was rewarded best of all .
It was a day when the limited options open to Benítez were a boon of sorts .
He had , after all , used Ngog from the outset against Lyon and had it confirmed that the youngster is not ready yet for so prolonged exposure to a fixture of that calibre .
Fernando Torres was n't as involved as Wayne Rooney in open play , but by scoring from perhaps his only real chance he proved his importance to Liverpool
If Liverpool will be conscious of their restrictions , the time may be approaching when the loss of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid is felt more acutely by United .
It is simple to retort that the Portuguese did not rescue United in earlier losses to these rivals .
All the same , he held the potential to excel at a higher level than the men around him .
United , regardless of this loss , have made a sound start to the campaign .
The task now will be to sustain it .
For more on this topic :
368,379 people killed , 306,096 injured and over $ 2,815,931,000 in economic damages
What 's the harm in expert witnesses ?
Expert witnesses bring science into the courtroom .
But sometimes they bring pseudoscience or push the limits of science , and justice is not served .
Read more about expert witnesses
Here are 14 people who were harmed by someone not thinking critically .
Kirk Noble Bloodsworth Age : 23
Baltimore County , Maryland Wrongly sentenced to death , 9 years in prison
1984 - 1993
He was convicted of murder and sentenced to death , based in part on forensic evidence supposedly linking his shoes to marks on the victim .
DNA testing later proved he could not have committed the crime .
Read more
Jimmy Ray Bromgard Age : 18
Billings , Montana Wrongfully convicted , 15 years in prison
1987 - 2002
A forensic expert testified that hairs found at the scene belonged to Bromgard .
A peer review later called the statistics used " breathtakingly absurd " .
DNA testing later proved his innocence .
Read more & more & more
Angela Cannings Age : 39
Salisbury , Wiltshire , England Wrongfully convicted to prison
Apr. 16 , 2002 - Dec. 10 , 2003
She was convicted of murdering two of her children based in part on an expert 's testimony that multiple SIDS deaths ( aka " cot deaths " ) in one family are very unlikely .
She was later exonerated and the expert was disciplined .
Read more & more
Lindy & Michael Chamberlain Age : 36 & 38
Uluru , NT , Australia Wrongfully convicted of murdering their child
Oct. 29 , 1982 - Feb. 7 , 1986
She claimed a dingo took her baby in the night .
An expert testified a test indicated blood in the family car , conflicting with her story .
Evidence emerged years later which exonerated them .
Read more & more & more
Clyde Charles Age : 27
Houma , Louisiana Wrongfully imprisoned for 17 years
1982 - 1999
A criminalist testified two hairs on his shirt were " similar " to those of the victim .
He was sentenced to prison .
DNA testing later proved that he could not have committed the crime .
Read more & more
Sally Clark Age : 38
Wilmslow , Cheshire , England Wrongfully imprisoned for 3 years
November 1999 - January 2003
An expert testified there was only a " one in 73 million " chance that her two children both died of cot death ( aka SIDS ) , and therefore she must have murdered them .
Statisticians later called this number " poor science " .
She was later exonerated .
Read more & more
Alejandro Dominguez Age : 16
Waukegan , Illinois Wrongly convicted , 4 years in prison
1990 - 1994
Even though the blood evidence in the case could include 2/3 of all the men in the world , the serologist did not admit this on the stand .
DNA testing later proved that he could not have been the perpetrator , and his conviction was set aside .
Read more & more
Steven Linscott Oak Park , Illinois Wrongfully convicted , 3 years in prison , 7 years on bond
1982 - 1992
After a neighbor was murdered , he admitted to police that he had had a dream of a similar murder .
A jury took just hours to convict him based on this and some flimsy hair analysis testimony .
DNA tests later proved he could not have been the murderer .
Read more & more
Guy Paul Morin Age : 25
Queensville , Ontario , Canada Wrongfully convicted of murder
April 22 , 1985 - Jan. 23 , 1995
He was convicted of the murder of his 9 year old neighbor on the basis of exaggerated hair and fiber evidence .
A DNA test later proved he could not have been the killer .
An exhaustive inquiry later examined many flaws in the trial .
Read more
Larry Souter
White Cloud , Michigan Wrongfully convicted , 13 years in prison
1992 - 2005
A woman was hit by the mirror of a vehicle and killed .
The crime went unsolved for years .
An expert said her wound was consistent with being hit by a bottle found nearby .
Larry was convicted .
Later a witness came forward and the expert recanted .
Read more & more
Ron Williamson & Dennis Fritz Ada , Oklahoma Wrongfully convicted , 11 years in prison
1988 - 1999 Williamson was sentenced to death , Fritz to life .
This was based in part on hair samples at the scene .
DNA testing later proved the hair could not have come from them , and they were freed .
Read more & more & more & more
Fake celebrity death reports are nothing new to the Internet — a quick search shows that in just the last few years , there have been rumors spread about the death of Britney Spears , Michael Jackson ( uh , before he actually died ) , Justin Timberlake , Will Farrel , Sean Connery , and more .
But with the proliferation of malware , celebrity death rumors can take on new life if spammers pick up on the trend .
That 's what happened overnight — a fake report about the death of Kanye West , originating as a prank , got co-opted by those looking to exploit your computer .
The original rumor is being widely attributed to the denizens of 4 chan , which turned into one of those e-mail forwards that you have learned to automatically delete .
The e-mail claims that West was involved in a car crash in Los Angeles — the details are n't all that interesting , but in case you 're curious , there was allegedly a crash between a Porche and a Ferrari and three other people ( who all lived ) were involved .
Needless to say , the crash did not happen and Kanye is still alive .
Some Internet users were savvy enough to try and search for information about Kanye 's death before spreading the word , and that 's when the search trend got picked up by malware makers .
As noted by security research firm Sophos , " hackers " have exploited search engine optimization techniques to get their pages to the top of the search results when people look for the news .
Clicking the links will take users to pages that push scareware and malware , which can then take over your machine and try to coerce you out of cash for a " fix . "
Screenshot from Sophos
Celebrity - based exploits have become unfortunately commonplace .
Over the last couple of years , there have been numerous reports of fake websites popping up to exploit celebrity searches .
The most recent report on this came from McAfee in August , which warned that Seventh Heaven star Jessica Biel was the riskiest celebrity to search for , with users having a one - in - five chance of ending up at a site that hosts spyware , malware , viruses , adware , spam , or phishing scams .
The only thing different about the Kanye story , it seems , is that it originated as a nonmalicious hoax that quickly turned into a security risk .
( We bet those at 4 chan are silently chuckling to themselves over the unexpected success of that one . )
The wise thing to do to protect yourself is , of course , to keep your machine up - to - date with antivirus software , and avoid clicking on unfamiliar websites to get your daily dose of celebrity gossip .
Trust us : if Kanye dies , you 'll hear about it on so many major news sites , you 'll wish you had never searched for it in the first place .
It started a couple of months ago with a laptop that inexplicably crashed .
Then , someone altered the password on Kate Hanni 's desktop computer and when she finally got into it , the files were corrupted .
Microsoft 's tech support said she 'd been hacked .
A few weeks later , all her e-mail disappeared , and AOL told her the same thing .
Hanni , who lives in California , is the founder of the Coalition for an Airline Passengers Bill of Rights , the group that 's spearheading efforts in Congress to prevent airlines from imprisoning passengers on delayed flights .
In a lawsuit filed in Houston Tuesday , she claims that Delta Air Lines was behind the hacking , accusing the world 's largest carrier of conspiracy and invasion of privacy .
Hanni believes Delta wants to crush her attempts to force better customer service on the airline industry , which has fought mightily to ensure it can treat passengers shabbily .
“ Delta stands to lose the most , ” she told me in an interview at her lawyer 's office in Houston .
“ They overschedule out of New York every day .
They can't get those planes off the ground . ”
Seeking $ 11 million
The bills working their way through Congress would require airlines to provide food , water , clean air , access to functioning restrooms and medical attention if needed during delays of more than three hours .
They also would require the option of getting off the plane .
In her lawsuit , Hanni claims the passenger rights bill would cost Delta $ 40 million in lost revenue .
She and her group are seeking $ 1 million in actual and $ 10 million in exemplary damages .
Delta spokesman Trebor Bansetter said the company can't say much because the lawsuit is pending but that “ obviously the idea that Delta would hack into someone 's e-mail is clearly without merit . ”
Earlier this year , Hanni began exchanging e-mails with Frederick Foreman , an analyst with Virginia - based Metron Aviation who was studying government flight delay data .
Metron officials knew Foreman was sharing some information with Hanni , according to the lawsuit .
Firing linked to e-mails
On Sept. 25 , Metron fired Foreman after producing e-mail exchanges between him and Hanni , some of which were sent from his personal e-mail account , the lawsuit says .
When Foreman asked how Metron got the e-mails , officials told him they came from Delta , which hired Metron as a consultant , according to Foreman 's affidavit filed with the lawsuit .
The e-mails hacked from Hanni included those from a number of journalists , including me , according to her attorney , Jason Gibson .
Metron said any claims it “ behaved illegally or improperly in this matter are completely baseless and without merit . ”
Foreman said the information he shared with Hanni was publicly available , and that he corresponded with her on his own time .
“ I never sent Kate any proprietary data , ” he said .
But he has no doubt Delta did n't want his findings made public because they undercut the airlines ' attempt to blame the Federal Aviation Administration 's antiquated air traffic control system for flight delays .
“ There 's no way the FAA is to blame for surface delays , ” he said .
“ The airlines are to blame . ”
Support in Congress
The airlines attempt to portray Hanni , a former real estate agent , as something of a dingbat who does n't understand the issues .
But her efforts have been far more successful than previous grass - roots efforts to enact a passengers ' bill of rights .
She 's garnered more support in Congress and helped spur proposed changes in FAA rules .
Delta 's alleged skulduggery , if true , only reinforces the need for the rules Hanni seeks .
It reminds us that airlines value operating efficiency far more than humane treatment of paying customers , and that those values wo n't change without an act of Congress .
The irony , of course , is that if the carriers put as much effort into improving service as Delta apparently has into fighting Hanni , we would n't need a passenger rights bill .
Loren Steffy is the Chronicle 's business columnist .
His commentary appears Sundays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Contact him at loren.steffy@chron.com .
His blog is at http://blogs.chron.com/lorensteffy/.
A new , long - range Taser weapon could be launched from standard 40 - millimetre grenade launchers ( Image : SGT April L. Johnson / US DoD )
INCREASING the distance between yourself and a potentially dangerous assailant is always a good idea – even if your ultimate aim is to render them insensible .
That appears to be the thinking behind a Pentagon project , now in its final stages , to perfect a projectile capable of delivering an electric shock to incapacitate a person tens of metres away .
It will be fired from a standard 40 - millimetre grenade launcher .
The projectile , being developed by Taser International under a $ 2.5 million contract , …
The human brain is bombarded with all kinds of information , from the memory of last night 's delicious dinner to the instructions from your boss at your morning meeting .
But how do you " tune in " to just one thought or idea and ignore all the rest of what is going on around you , until it comes time to think of something else ?
Researchers at the Kavli Institute for Systems Neuroscience and Centre for the Biology of Memory at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) have discovered a mechanism that the brain uses to filter out distracting thoughts to focus on a single bit of information .
Their results are reported in 19 November issue of Nature .
Think of your brain like a radio :
You 're turning the knob to find your favourite station , but the knob jams , and you 're stuck listening to something that 's in between stations .
It 's a frustrating combination that makes it quite hard to get an update on swine flu while a Michael Jackson song wavers in and out .
Staying on the right frequency is the only way to really hear what you 're after .
In much the same way , the brain 's nerve cells are able to " tune in " to the right station to get exactly the information they need , says researcher Laura Colgin , who was the paper 's first author .
" Just like radio stations play songs and news on different frequencies , the brain uses different frequencies of waves to send different kinds of information , " she says .
Gamma waves as information carriers
Colgin and her colleagues measured brain waves in rats , in three different parts of the hippocampus , which is a key memory center in the brain .
While listening in on the rat brain wave transmissions , the researchers started to realize that there might be something more to a specific sub - set of brain waves , called gamma waves .
Researchers have thought these waves are linked to the formation of consciousness , but no one really knew why their frequency differed so much from one region to another and from one moment to the next .
Information is carried on top of gamma waves , just like songs are carried by radio waves .
These " carrier waves " transmit information from one brain region to another .
" We found that there are slow gamma waves and fast gamma waves coming from different brain areas , just like radio stations transmit on different frequencies , " she says .
advertisement
You really can " be on the same wavelength "
" You know how when you feel like you really connect with someone , you say you are on the same wavelength ?
When brain cells want to connect with each other , they synchronize their activity , " Colgin explains .
" The cells literally tune into each other 's wavelength .
We investigated how gamma waves in particular were involved in communication across cell groups in the hippocampus .
What we found could be described as a radio - like system inside the brain .
The lower frequencies are used to transmit memories of past experiences , and the higher frequencies are used to convey what is happening where you are right now . "
If you think of the example of the jammed radio , the way to hear what you want out of the messy signals would be to listen really hard for the latest news while trying to filter out the unwanted music .
The hippocampus does this more efficiently .
It simply tunes in to the right frequency to get the station it wants .
As the cells tune into the station they 're after , they are actually able to filter out the other station at the same time , because its signal is being transmitted on a different frequency .
The switch
" The cells can rapidly switch their activity to tune in to the slow waves or the fast waves , " Colgin says , " but it seems as though they cannot listen to both at the exact same time .
This is like when you are listening to your radio and you tune in to a frequency that is midway between two stations - you can't understand anything - it 's just noise . "
In this way , the brain cells can distinguish between an internal world of memories and a person 's current experiences .
If the messages were carried on the same frequency , our perceptions of the world might be completely confused .
" Your current perceptions of a place would get mixed up with your memories of how the place used to be , " Colgin says .
The cells that tune into different wavelengths work like a switch , or rather , like zapping between radio stations that are already programmed into your radio .
The cells can switch back and forth between different channels several times per second .
The switch allows the cells to attend to one piece at a time , sorting out what 's on your mind from what 's happening and where you are at any point in time .
The researchers believe this is an underlying principle for how information is handled throughout the brain .
" This switch mechanism points to superfast routing as a general mode of information handling in the brain , " says Edvard Moser , Kavli Institute for Systems Neuroscience director .
" The classical view has been that signaling inside the brain is hardwired , subject to changes caused by modification of connections between neurons .
Our results suggest that the brain is a lot more flexible .
Among the thousands of inputs to a given brain cell , the cell can choose to listen to some and ignore the rest and the selection of inputs is changing all the time .
We believe that the gamma switch is a general principle of the brain , employed throughout the brain to enhance interregional communication . "
Can a switch malfunction explain schizophrenia ?
People who are schizophrenic have problems keeping these brain signals straight .
They cannot tell , for example , if they are listening to voices from people who are present or if the voices are from the memory of a movie they have seen .
" We can not tell for sure if it is this switch that is malfunctioning , but we do know that gamma waves are abnormal in schizophrenic patients , " Colgin says .
" Schizophrenics ' perceptions of the world around them are mixed up , like a radio stuck between stations . "
In a time of chaos , the rabbis decide that they must do the unprecedented — write down the Oral Law .
At various times during the Hadrian persecutions , the sages were forced into hiding , though they managed to reconvene at Usha in 122 CE , and then in a time of quiet managed to re-establish again at Yavneh in 158 CE .
With so much persecution and unrest , with the Jewish people fleeing the land of Israel , the rabbis knew that they would not be able to keep a central seat of rabbinic power alive for long .
Yet , during these great periods of chaos , some of the finest rabbinic minds made their mark .
Among them :
Rabbi Akiva ( whom we discussed in Part 38 )
Rabbi Akiva ’s chief disciple , Rabbi Meir , also the husband of the legendary Bruriah
Rabbi Shimon Bar Yochai , the author of the Zohar , the central text of the Kabbalah
Rabbi Shimon Bar Yochai ’s son , Rabbi Eliezer
Rabbi Shimon Ben Gamliel II , the descendant of the House of Hillel and a direct descendant of King David
YEHUDAH HA NASI
Now , another man was to emerge and make his mark — the son of Rabbi Shimon Ben Gamliel II — Rabbi Yehudah HaNasi ( in English “ Judah , the Prince ” ) .
In a time of chaos , the rabbis decide that they must do the unprecedented — write down the Oral Law .
He is one personality who is absolutely fundamental to understanding this period of time , and one of the greatest personalities of Jewish history .
So great was he that he is now affectionately referred to in Jewish scholarship as only Rebbe .
He had a unique combination of attributes — being both a great Torah scholar and a strong leader — that gave him the power to lead the Jewish people at this chaotic time .
He was also a man of tremendous personal wealth , which put him in a position to wheel and deal and do what needed to get done , not just with the Jews in the Land of Israel but with the Roman authorities as well .
Hadrian dies in 139 C.E and with his death came an improvement in the treatment of the Jewish community in Israel .
During a period of relative quiet , Rabbi Yehudah HaNasi managed to befriend the Roman emperors who succeeded Hadrian , particularly Marcus Aurelius ( 161-180 C.E. ) .
Writes historian Rabbi Berel Wein in his Echoes of Glory ( p. 224 ) :
“ Providentially , in the course of the Parthian war , Marcus Aurelius met Rabbi [ Yehudah HaNasi ] , and they became friends and eventually confidants .
Marcus Aurelius consulted with his friend in Judah on matters of state policy as well as on personal questions .
(1)
“ The years of Marcus Aurelius ’ reign , ending in his death in 180 , was the high - water mark in the intercourse between Rome and the Jews .
The Jews , under the leadership of Rabbi [ Yehudah HaNasi ] , would use this period of blissful respite to prepare themselves for the struggle of darker days surely lurking around the corner . ”
At this time — circa 170 - 200 CE — the Mishna was born .
MISHNA
What is the Mishna ?
In past installments we discussed the fact that at Mount Sinai the Jewish people received the Written Torah and the Oral Torah .
The Oral Torah was the oral explanation of how the written laws should be executed and followed .
The Oral Torah passed from generation to generation and was never written down ( 2 ) .
Why ?
Because the Oral Torah was meant to be fluid .
The principles stayed the same , but the application of those principles was meant to be adapted to all types of new circumstances .
This worked exceptionally well as long as the central authority — the Sanhedrin — remained intact , and the chain of transmission was not interrupted .
( That is , teachers were able to freely pass on their wisdom to the next generation of students . )
But in the days since the destruction of the Temple , the Sanhedrin had been repeatedly uprooted and teachers had to go into hiding .
Rabbi Yehudah HaNasi realized that things would not get better any time soon .
He saw that the Temple would not be rebuilt in his generation and possibly in many generations to come .
He saw the Jews fleeing the land as a result of the constant persecutions and impossible living conditions .
He saw that the central authority was weaker than ever and might cease altogether
To make sure that the chain of transmission would never be broken , he decided that the time had come to write down the Oral Torah .
( 3 )
This was a mammoth undertaking .
Although much of the work may have already been done by previous generations of rabbis , the monumental task of editing , explaining and organizing this vast amount of material was left to Rabbi Yehudah .
The end result of this massive undertaking was a definitive , yet cryptic ( the basic principles were all there yet a teacher was still required to elucidate the material ) version of the entire Oral Law called the Mishna .
( Incidentally , the word Mishna means “ repetition ” because it was studied by repeating ; mishna then , by extension , means “ learning . ” )
Maimonides , in his introduction to his Mishneh Torah , explains it as follows :
He gathered together all the traditions , enactments , and interpretations and expositions of every position of the Torah , that either come down from Moses , out teacher , or had been deduced by the courts in successive generations .
All this material he redacted in the Mishna , which was diligently taught in public , and thus became universally known among the Jewish people .
Copies of it were made and widely disseminated , so that the Oral Law might not be forgotten in Israel
SIX CATEGORIES OF JEWISH LAW
The Mishna , which is written in Hebrew , is divided into six basic segments or “ orders ” and further subdivided into 63 tractates with a total of 525 chapters .
These 6 segments dealing with six basic areas of Jewish law :
Zeraim , literally “ seeds , ” covering all agricultural rules and laws for foods as well as all blessings
Moed , literally , “ holiday , ” dealing with the rituals of Shabbat and other Jewish holidays
Nashim , literally “ women , ” examining all the issues between men and women such as marriage , divorce , etc .
Nezikin , literally “ damages , ” covering civil and criminal law
Kodshim , literally “ holy things , ” concerning laws of the Temple
Taharot , literally “ pure things , ” concerning laws of spiritual purity and impurity
Rabbi Yehudah HaNasi finished the Mishna in ca. 190 CE in the town of Tzipori in the Galilee .
You can visit the site today which is very interesting from an archeological perspective .
At a site called Beit She ’arim ( where the Sanhedrin had previously been located prior to its move to Tzipori ) , there is a vast number of burial caves carved into the side of a mountain .
Based on evidence found at the site , archaeologists believe that one of these caves contains the grave of Rabbi Yehudah HaNasi , along with many other great scholars of that time .
Not long after the death of Rabbi Yehuda HaNasi the period know as the era of the Tannaim came to a close .
The term Tanna , is derived from the Aramaic word “ to teach ” and covered a period of 200 years from ca.10 B.C.E. to 200 C.E. beginning with Rabbi Shimon the son of Hillel the Elder and ending with Rabbi Yossi ben Yehuda .
WRITING THE TALMUD
During the centuries following the completion of the Mishna , the chain of transmission of the Oral law was further weakened by a number of factors : Economic hardship and increased persecution of the Jewish community in Israel caused many Jews , including many rabbis , to flee the country .
Many of these rabbis emigrated to Babylon in the Persian Empire .
The role of the rabbis of Israel as the sole central authority of the Jewish people was coming to an end .
This decentralization of Torah authority and lack of consensus among the rabbis led to further weakening of the transmission process .
It became clear to the sages of this period that the Mishna alone was no longer clear enough to fully explain the Oral Law .
It was written in shorthand fashion and in places was cryptic .
This is because it was very concise , written on the assumption that the person reading it was already well - acquainted with the subject matter .
So they began to have discussions about it and to write down the substance of these discussions .
Since at this time a significant portion of the Jewish population was living in Babylon , which was outside the bounds of the Roman Empire , the rabbis there put together their discussions , the end product of which was called Talmud Bavli or the Babylonian Talmud .
Even before this process had begun in Babylon , in the land of Israel , another set of discussions took place and the end result was Talmud Yerushalmi or the Jerusalem Talmud .
( Incidentally , the Jerusalem Talmud was not written in Jerusalem ; it was written in Tiberias , the last place where the Sanhedrin sat , but was called the Jerusalem Talmud in deference to the Sanhedrin ’s rightful home . )
Due to persecution of the Jewish community in Israel the Jerusalem Talmud , completed in the mid 4th century C.E. , was never completed or fully edited .
The Jerusalem Talmud is much shorter ( it contains only four of the six sections of the Mishna ( 4 ) ) and is more cryptic and harder to understand than the Babylonian Talmud .
The situation of the Jews in Babylon was much more stable and the rabbis in Babylon had considerably more time to edit and explain the subject matter .
Although there are two Talmuds , they are not really separate .
The Rabbis of Babylon had access to the Jerusalem Talmud while they were working on their text .
But if there is dispute between the two Talmuds , the Babylonian Talmud is followed .
(5) Both because Babylonian Talmud is considered more authoritative and the Jerusalem Talmud is more difficult to study , Jewish students pouring over the Talmud in yeshiva are using chiefly the Babylonian Talmud .
The Talmud is more than just an application of the details of the Jewish law as expounded in the Mishnah .
It ’s the encyclopedia of all Jewish existence .
The Talmud also contains a lot of agadata — these are stories that are meant to illustrate important points in the Jewish worldview .
These stories contain a wealth of information on a huge range of topics .
you name it , it ’s in there .
This information was vital to the Jewish people because Jewish law was never applied by reading a sentence in the Torah and executing it to the letter .
Take for example , “ eye for an eye , tooth for a tooth . ”
It was never Jewish law that if someone blinded you , that you should go and blind him .
What is the good of having two blind people ?
It was always understood on two levels : 1 ) that justice must be proportional ( it ’s not a life for an eye ) and 2 ) that it means the value of an eye for the value of the eye , referring to monetary damages .
Thus , the Talmud presented the written and oral tradition together .
To read the Talmud is to read a lot of arguments .
On every page it seems that the rabbis are arguing .
This kind of argument — the purpose of which was to arrive at the kernel of truth — is called pilpul .
This word has a negative connotation outside the yeshiva world , as people read these arguments and it seems to the uneducated eye that the rabbis are merely splitting hairs , and that some of the arguments have absolutely no basis in everyday life .
But this is not so .
The reason why the rabbis argued about things that may not have any application to everyday life was to try to get to truth in an abstract way - to understand the logic and to extract the principle .
These rabbis were interested in knowing what reality is and in doing the right thing .
Reality is what Judaism is all about — the ultimate reality being God .
Another important point is that much of the discussion and dispute is focused on relatively minor points while the larger issues are generally not disputed .
You do n’t see a single argument as to whether or not you eat pork , or whether or not you can light a fire on the Sabbath .
These things were a given , they were totally agreed upon .
Only small points were subject to discussion .
And these rabbis were wise enough to know that a day would come when the principles established by getting to the core kernel of truth would have far reaching implications .
GEMARA
When you look at the page of the Babylonian Talmud today , you will find the Hebrew text of the Mishna is featured in the middle of the page .
Interspersed between the Hebrew of the Mishna are explanations in both Hebrew and Aramaic which are called the Gemara .
The Aramaic word Gemara means “ tradition . ”
In Hebrew , the word Gemara means “ completion . ”
Indeed , the Gemara is a compilation of the various rabbinic discussions on the Mishna , and as such completes the understanding of the Mishna .
The texts of the Mishna and Gemara are then surrounded by other layers of text and commentaries from a later period .
The text of the Mishna is quoting rabbis who lived from about 100 BCE to 200 CE .
These rabbi are called the Tanaim , “ teachers . ”
In this group are included such greats as Rabbi Yochanan Ben Zakkai , Rabbi Shimon Bar Yochai , Rabbi Akiva , and of course Rabbi Yehudah HaNasi .
( In the Gemara , they usually have the title Rebbe before their first name although there are many exceptions such as the names : Hillel , Shamai , Ben Azai and Ben Zoma . )
The text of the Gemara is quoting the rabbis who lived from about 200 CE to about 500 CE .
These rabbis are called , Amoraim , “ explainers ” or “ interpreters . ”
In this group are included Rav Ashi , Reb Yochanan , etc . ( Names of the Babylonian Amoraim usually are preceeded by the title Rav as opposed to the Amoraim of Israel who continued to use the title Rabbi / Rebbe .
This is because the authentic institution of smicha - rabbinic ordination — was only done in the Land of Israel . )
The surrounding text of today ’s Talmud also quotes Rishonim , literally “ the first ones , ” rabbinic authorities ( from c. 1,000 C.E. until 1,500 C.E. ) who predated Rabbi Joseph Caro , the 16th century author of the code of Jewish law known as the Shulchan Aruch .
Among the most prominent Rishonim are Rashi , his students and descendants who were the chief authors of the Tosaphos , Maimonidies and Nachmanides .
We will discuss the contributions of these rabbis in future installments .
Just how important was the work of Rabbi Yehudah Hanasi and those that followed him would become very clear in the next hundred years when the Jewish people face another threat to their religion .
This is when the Roman Empire decides to convert its entire population to Christianity .
1) See : Talmud - Avodah Zara 10a- b ; Breishit Rabbah 67:6 ; 75:5
2) See : Midrash , Tanchumah - Ki Tisa 34 ; Talmud , Gittin 60a ;
3 ) For a detailed explanation of actions of Rebbi Yehuda HaNasi see Miamonides , Introduction to the Mishnah Torah .
See also : Iggerot of R abbi Sheriram Gaon 1:1 .
4 ) The Baylonian Talmud covers tractates : Moed , Nashim , Nezikin and Kodshim while the Jerusalem Talmud covers tractates : Moed , Nashim , Nezikin and Zeraim .
5 ) See : Rif on Talmud , Eruvin 35 b
Make Online reports that a man from the UK just could n’t seem to handle the fact that he may be causing pain for his lobsters and crabs during the cooking process .
His solution ?
Hell , let ’s taser them !
The strange device looks kinda like a high voltage photocopier , and will deliver 110 volts through the body of the crustacean .
This electric charge will cause an immediate interruption of the functioning nervous system , so technically the lobster wo n’t be able to feel any pain or suffer distress .
This is a good thing , animal rights activists have one less thing to protest about , and we do n’t need to worry about a funny tasting lobster because it died in distress !
The company ’s name is CrustaStun , and the creator of the company truly believes that his new product is about to give the entire industry a jolt .
I searched around on the CrustaStun website , but could n’t seem to find a price for the thing .
It says that it ’s designed for the restaurant industry , but if you ’ve got a few thousand dollars sitting around , why not order one for home ?
Think of all the stuff you could unnecessarily taser …
Blue
8/26/09 : The Executive Vice President has issued an apology to Ericka Aviance and the LGBT community
“ Much of the success of The Wendy Williams Show is due to our incredibly diverse and colorful audience and we all agree that fashion is a true form of self expression .
But in an attempt to explain and enforce our show ’s dress code , I was not as sensitive as I could have been to Ericka , the LGBT community or drag ’s long history of being a target of discrimination .
And for that , I sincerely apologize as it was never my intention to offend in any way . ” ~ Lonnie Burstein , Executive Vice President , Programming & Production , Debmar - Mercury ( GLAAD ) .
While standing in line outside the studio Wednesday morning , the group was approached by a female intern who noted the fact that Aviance was a drag queen .
“ She took my name down , so we thought we were about to get VIP treatment , ” Aviance recalls .
“ After another hour we got to the door , and there ’s this little white man standing there giving us the eyeball .
He gets in our way to prevent us from going in , and he says , ‘ You ’re in violation of our no -costumes dress code .
We usually do n’t do this , but we know you ’ve been waiting out there for a while , so we ’re going to let you in .
But you ca n’t appear on camera , and if you get up for Hot Topics or try to ask Wendy a question , you ’ll be removed from the building " ( Aviance says " she wore " a black baby - doll dress , heels , tights , and standard makeup — not even anything sparkly … a ponytail piece and a bang piece " .
While standing in line outside the studio Wednesday morning , the group was approached by a female intern who noted the fact that Aviance was a drag queen .
“ She took my name down , so we thought we were about to get VIP treatment , ” Aviance recalls .
“ After another hour we got to the door , and there ’s this little white man standing there giving us the eyeball .
He gets in our way to prevent us from going in , and he says , ‘ You ’re in violation of our no -costumes dress code .
We usually do n’t do this , but we know you ’ve been waiting out there for a while , so we ’re going to let you in .
But you ca n’t appear on camera , and if you get up for Hot Topics or try to ask Wendy a question , you ’ll be removed from the building " ( Advocate ) .
YES !
All audience members may appear on camera .
Think trendy … think stylish … think chic !
Above all else , think WENDY !
Bright colors look best on TV and we ask that you refrain from wearing white .
Floral prints and other crazy patterns do n’t look good on camera , and we know you want to look your best !
Absolutely no hats , sunglasses , costumes , shirts with logos / writing , shorts , or casual tank tops will be permitted . (
Is there a dress code ?
YES !
All audience members may appear on camera .
Think trendy … think stylish … think chic !
Above all else , think WENDY !
Bright colors look best on TV and we ask that you refrain from wearing white .
Floral prints and other crazy patterns do n’t look good on camera , and we know you want to look your best !
Absolutely no hats , sunglasses , costumes , shirts with logos / writing , shorts , or casual tank tops will be permitted . ( Wendy Show ) .
8/14/09 : The Wendy Williams
Show is a syndicated talk show by the " shock jockette " herself who talks about a range of topics .
Wendy Williams has been considered a friend to the gay community , often appearing to be a drag queen herself , and using many gay terms on the show .
That 's why it came as a surprise to drag singer Ericka Toure Aviance who was blocked from appearing on the show due to her outfit .
What is really hypocritical is the fact that the Wendy Williams website does state this about their dress code policy :
So it appears that Aviance was mistreated for being a drag queen and not based on her attire because her outfit certainly is not a costume .
The Wendy Williams show does not have an official contact form , I urge you to leave a message on her blog , use the Ask Wendy on her site , or contact her via twitter to request an apology .
Attack of the 50ft party balloon ...
Artist creates giant sculptures that look like terrifying creatures from the ocean depths
With their alien - like appearance and giant size these balloon sculptures might be a bit scary for a children 's party .
But after painstakingly constructing each one over three days artist Jason Hackenwerth probably does n't want kids playing with them anyway .
The extraordinary figures , which look like monsters from the depths of the ocean or creatures from another planet , are in fact highly complex sculptures made of nothing but thousands of common party balloons .
Bizarre :
This strange - looking sculpture made from hundreds of party balloons is called Alien Rainforest
Ballooning mad :
Two of Jason 's bizarre looking sculptures by the sea which could be their natural home
Wacky : New York artist Jason Hackenwerth orders 5,000 balloons at a time to make his sculptures
The largest sculpture Jason has made is more than 40ft long just short of the giantess in low - budget 1958 sci-fi film The Attack of the 50ft Woman .
The bizarre creations give an insight into the weird world of the New York artist who began using balloons for his art after becoming skilled with them as a street performer during his university years .
Jason , 39 , inflates them all before twisting them together to form the shapes .
Some of his creepy creatures are so big that Jason said he has to ' wrestle ' the balloons into place .
The American goes through so many balloons that he has to buy them in bulk , ordering 5,000 at a time .
He said : ' I would n't say I set out to make underwater creatures but that 's what people seem to see in them most often .
' I spend lots of time sketching and planning the sculptures I make .
The ideas come from all over .
Weird and wonderful :
This scene of a man wearing one of the balloon sculptures looks like it could be from another planet
Strange :
This sculpture called ' Venus In The Forest ' shows a woman wearing one of the huge sculptures
' Actually building the sculptures is very difficult and labour intensive work .
I sometimes use thousands of balloons . '
Once made Jason takes his sculptures to beaches and forest and photographs them .
He added : ' I repeat the form and add more inner structure and pull the shape in or out .
There 's a kinship between this and the process of the shells sea creatures form . '
Scary :
This creepy creation was named ' Cyclops ' by Jason
Ready to fly :
This pink sculpture made of balloons looks like it is about to float up into the sky
This strange balloon creature appears to have taken off and is floating above a stream
Giant cracks that crisscross to form polygons have been imaged on the floors of hundreds of Martian impact craters by NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
Scientists have been aware of them for years , but assumed they resulted from the expansion and contraction of the craters ' floors due to temperature fluctuations .
However , new calculations by Ramy El Maarry of the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Germany and colleagues suggest that under Martian conditions , this process cannot make polygons larger than 65 metres across .
The observed polygons can be larger than that , spanning up to 250 metres .
The researchers suggest the cracks formed instead when lakes on the crater floors dried up , much as mud puddles on Earth leave cracks behind when they dry out .
El Maarry presented the findings on Tuesday at the European Planetary Science Congress in Potsdam , Germany .
( Image : JPL / NASA )
Polygons due to drying and cracking are also found on Earth at a variety of size scales .
Dried mud puddles leave behind polygons a few centimetres across like those seen here .
( Image : M Ramy El Maarry )
The polygons in Coyote Dry Lake in California 's Mojave Desert ( left panel ) , which span 50 to 80 metres across , are closer in size to the Martian crater polygons ( right panel ) .
Coyote Dry Lake dried up thousands of years ago .
( Image : Google / JPL / NASA )
Government officials have drawn up secret plans to tax electricity consumers to subsidise the construction of the UK 's first new nuclear reactors for more than 20 years , the Guardian has learned .
The planned levy on household bills would add £ 44 to an annual electricity bill of £ 500 and contradicts repeated promises by ministers that the nuclear industry would no longer benefit from public subsidies .
There is mounting pressure on the power industry to show it can keep the lights on , with fears growing of an energy gap as ageing nuclear stations are retired and plans for new coal plants attract hostile protests .
Ministers have become concerned that power companies such as E.ON and EDF Energy are reluctant to commit themselves to building nuclear stations because energy prices have fallen and they fear they will not be able to recoup the multi-billion pound cost of building new nuclear stations .
The government believes that only by artificially increasing the cost of electricity generated by coal and gas stations through an additional carbon levy on household bills can nuclear become more competitive and encourage new reactors to be built .
One European utility executive told the Guardian : " New nuclear will not happen without sorting out the carbon price . "
The Guardian understands that the Office of Nuclear Development ( OND ) , set up by Lord Mandelson 's business department , has promised nuclear companies that the price of carbon under the EU emissions trading scheme – now about € 13 per tonne – will not be allowed to fall below € 30 per tonne , and ideally € 40 .
According to the energy consultancy firm EIC , the new carbon levy would add £ 44 to the £ 500 annual electricity bill paid by an average household .
The matter has come to a head as governments around the world prepare for December 's global climate change summit in Copenhagen .
For weeks officials from the OND have been privately assuring companies that if Copenhagen fails to secure a deal which significantly boosts the market price of carbon , the government will act to do so early next year .
Politicians and environmental campaigners are increasingly pessimistic about the prospects of the summit reaching any significant agreement , making intervention by ministers to support the nuclear industry likely .
Nuclear developers , such as the French - owned group EDF Energy , will need to decide whether to commit funds to start building reactors in less than a year , which is why ministers are keen to act soon .
The carbon tax would take effect from 2015 , to encourage developers like EDF planning to have reactors operational from 2017 .
A senior government source said : " We know what companies ' investment criteria is .
If Copenhagen does not reach agreement on it we will do it next year , either via a subsidy , levy or tax .
We will look at it – the utilities know it . "
He added : " The way we look at it is : the answer is € 30 a tonne , what is the question ? "
The executive director of Greenpeace UK , John Sauven , said : " Nuclear power has always been a byword for monumental taxpayer handouts .
Now the likes of EDF Energy are getting cold feet over the cost of new nuclear stations , it looks like the government is trying to sweeten the deal with public money .
This is despite saying categorically that any new reactors will have to survive without subsidy .
Without huge financial support , nuclear power does n't make economic sense .
Even the big utilities now admit this . "
The government wants energy companies to build at least eight new reactors – costing more than € 20bn – to replace those being decommissioned and to provide a secure , low carbon supply of electricity .
After giving public backing to new nuclear early last year , ministers have been overhauling the regulatory and planning regime to make it happen .
The government 's independent committee on climate change last week floated the idea of intervention in the carbon market , but claimed that this option had not been assessed in the UK before .
The revelation that the government is far ahead of the committee on climate change 's thinking shows how committed ministers are to ensuring nuclear reactors get built , even if it means consumers have to subsidise them .
The government will make its formal response to the committee 's annual report in January , when it is expected to publicly endorse the carbon tax .
Ministers will argue that the tax will also benefit low carbon generators of electricity such as clean coal and renewables .
But nuclear would be the biggest winner .
Subsidies have recently been boosted for offshore windfarms , while clean coal is at least 15 years from being viable .
A government spokesman said there were no " current plans " to put a floor on the carbon price or introduce a carbon tax , but did not rule it out in the future .
Politicians are loath to admit that they are planning to introduce a subsidy for the nuclear industry .
Anti-nuclear groups have accused governments of being too close to the industry , which they say already benefits from indirect subsidies .
The government has promised to guarantee the cost of disposing of nuclear waste and also pay for the cleanup resulting from any nuclear accident .
This holiday season Microsoft has a special surprise in store for “ naughty ” Xbox 360 hackers — a particular sweeping ban that relies on spotting modified drive firmware .
Rolled out starting last week , the ban , according to sources , blocks the installation of games on the Xbox hard drive , blocks the Windows Media Player media extender , corrupts saves / Gamertags used on the machine , and most significantly prevents the console from accessing Xbox Live .
According to early estimates 600,000 consoles were effected , but more recent estimates put the number at close to 1 million consoles .
Microsoft has suggested that users with banned consoles find another Xbox .
However , users with a banned Xbox 360 may not want to throw away their consoles just yet .
According to the site 360 Mods , c4eva has abandoned work on his Lite - on and Hitachi drive mods to try to establish a workaround .
The new workaround , dubbed iXtreme LT ( Light Touch ) aims to provide a minimum amount of security checks and aims to make the firmware as close to the stock firmware as possible to prevent detection .
This fix may allow modified consoles to return to playing backup discs and other forbidden materials without Microsoft noticing .
Other members of the community are working on strategies to try to undo the changes made by Microsoft , which neuter the banned consoles , depriving them of much of their functionality ( though they still will play games offline ) .
Like Apple ’s attempts to brick unlocked / jailbroken iPhones , it seems only a matter of time before the creative and dedicated community comes up with a full work around .
A fix appears to have arrived , according to some of the forums , but it is rather complex and requires access to either an Xbox 360 you know the CPU key of , or did not update over the summer .
According to user k0 mpresd on Xbox - Scene :
what you need : your 8955 live console + cpu key
a 2nd unbanned console
nandpro b + flash cable
xell loader
degraded
1888 fs
robinsod ’s flashtool process : use nandpro and dump nand from unbanned console .
flash xell and use jtag hack to obtain cpu key .
use flashtool to extract file system .
dump nand from 8955 console .
use flashtool to patch nand dump with kv.bin from unbanned console .
save patched file ( patched_kv.bin ) .
open degraded + 1888 fs .
create 1888 downgrader image ( downgrader.bin ) from your patched_kv.bin file .
flash downgrader .bin to 8955 console .
attach hdd + ethernet cable and boot console .
connect to live and update to 8955 dashboard .
console is now fully working and unbanned !
Again , this relies on a variety of free tools , and can be a somewhat complex process .
You are using the key to gain access to keyvault on the unbanned console .
Without the key you will not be able to access the keyvault to transfer to the banned console .
Also , it may not be wise to log the fixed ( banned ) Xbox 360 on to Xbox Live at the same time as the console you grabbed the keyvault from .
Some users are suggesting this could result in the ban of both consoles .
Restoring your console may add to the EULA and legal violations you may already have committed and we do not recommend or condone it in any way .
Editors ' Recommendations
Is Atheism Morally Superior ?
Atheists think that atheism is morally better than Christianity .
Is it ?
It is easy for atheists to attack the morality of Christianity , which claims that :
We are ruled by an all - powerful dictator who convicts us of thoughtcrime and will torture us if we do not bow before him – like an everlasting Jafar with unlimited wishes .
God commits or commands ethnic genocide , mass rape , child sacrifice , and baby - killing .
Women are inferior , gays are evil , critical thinkers are in danger of hellfire , etc .
So , it ’s not hard for atheists to think they are morally better than Christians .
But are they ?
It ’s hard to say .
There is no such thing as “ atheist morality . ”
Atheists can embrace a variety of moral views .
It ’s just that none of them will mention gods .
But maybe atheists can point to one moral system that does n’t include gods and is “ better ” than Christian morality .
In that case , how would they know their system is “ better ? ”
The Problem
Alonzo
Fyfe points out that atheists and Christians come to their moral decisions in exactly the same way :
Moral reasoning is done , then , in about the same way that Luke Skywalker uses the force to read the future .
You first clear your mind of all distractions , close your eyes , and concentrate on the act in question .
Then ,
The Force will deliver the answer to you , as to whether the act is right or wrong .
If it says ‘ wrong ’ this does n’t mean that you do n’t like it .
This means that it has an intrinsic ought - not - to - be - doneness that applies to all beings .
It is all a bunch of hocus pocus , simple tricks , and nonsense , if you ask me .
Of course , we all point to “ evidence ” and “ reasons ” for our moral ideas .
Christians point to mystical notions of “ divine law , ” statistics , and biology .
Atheists point to mystical notions of “ intrinsic human rights , ” statistics , and biology .
But almost nobody bothers to ask whether their notions about morality are grounded in anything that actually exists in our universe .
We just know what feels right based on our knowledge and biases and experience , and then proclaim that as a universal moral law for everybody .
( Unless you ’re a relativist , in which case you do not claim to be morally superior to Christianity . )
Atheist moral reasoning is primitive , mystical hocus pocus , just like Christian moral reasoning .
The arguments I hear in defense of pro-choice , liberal , or libertarian positions are just as irrational as the ones I hear in defense of a pro-life agenda or prejudice against gays .
The fact is that very few atheists can coherently explain why their morality is better than Christian morality , instead of just different .
Christians and ( some ) atheists may come to their beliefs in very different ways , and atheists may be more in touch with reality in this area .
But Christians and atheists come to their morals in the same way ( the Luke Skywalker way ) .
Neither are in touch with reality , here .
Atheists need to take morality seriously .
They are using the same moral process as those who defended slavery , racism , sexism , tribal war , and the divine right of kings .
We must do better than that .
We must not simply attack bigoted religious morality .
We need to offer a better alternative .
An alternative that , like our beliefs , is grounded in reality , not moral feelings .
Desire utilitarianism is one promising alternative , but it is mostly untested .
We need to work together on this , and move beyond Luke Skywalker moral thinking .
Much has been made about the overwhelming arsenal packed inside the role - playing shooter Borderlands , out tomorrow on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 ( also available for PC on October 26 ) .
But just how many can players expect to find inside the fictional world of Pandora ?
" Over 17 million weapons , " Gearbox President and CEO Randy Pitchford says , after discussing the game 's Gearbuilder weapon generator that randomly creates a myriad of guns for players to toy with .
" It 's pretty astonishing . "
Among of the more interesting weapons seen in Borderlands : a spread rocket - launcher firing five shots at a time , a long - range shotgun with scope and electrically - enchanced shells , and a small machine gun with acid - filled bullets .
Borderlands - inspired in part by films such as Mad Max and Blizzard 's Diablo series - follows a group of mercenaries as they search for a legendary alien vault believed to contain technology of infinite power and incredible wealth .
The game has been described by the developers at Gearbox Software as a role - playing shooter , but Pitchford says the adventure leans more toward the latter genre .
" The game is a shooter .
If you can imagine playing Halo or Call of Duty , and instead of it just being the moment - to - moment ( action ) , you can level up and get experience from what you 're doing , " Pitchford says .
" The goal was to have a really fun core shooter , but to layer with that some of the things that compel us to play role playing games . "
Pitchford stressed the importance of keeping the action fast - paced , and not slowing the game down too much with heavy doses of story and character interaction .
" RPG ( role - playing game ) means there 's an NPC ( non-playable character ) I need to talk to and he has a key to some door .
For Borderlands , that stuff really slows things down , " Pitchford says .
As players gather experience through missions and combat , they 'll earn points to beef up their abilities , such as increased health , faster shield recharges and enhancements to their special powers .
And , of course , experience boosts lead to a wider array of more powerful weaponry .
Coupled with the arsenal is an equally unique " hand - painted " art style , which is reminiscent of a moving comic book .
When Borderlands debuted before the gaming world in 2007 , it sported a more realistic look similar to games such as Fallout 3 .
However , a group of artists within Gearbox decided to create their own concept art and render it with 3D technology .
" The safe thing is much less impressive , and boring actually , " Pitchford says of the original look .
" And the artists could n't stand for it .
Since we ( changed the art ) , the attention that we 've gotten has been incredible . "
Beyond Borderlands ' main campaign , which can be tackled solo or cooperatively , players can enter a " Thunderdome , " as Pitchford describes it , to enter multiplayer matches and even duels with your friends .
" Borderlands primary draw is to get lost in this world , " Pitchford says .
" We wanted to have something for everybody , but keep its focus . "
By Brett Molina
The issue has polarized Congress .
Republicans , who led efforts to rein in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac before those companies ran into trouble , are now seeking to bridle the F.H.A. Many Democrats insist the F.H.A. is playing a vital role in the housing market , which is only just starting to stabilize .
“ F.H.A. has stepped into the void left by the private market , ” Representative Maxine Waters , Democrat from California , said at the hearing .
“ Let ’s be clear ; without F.H.A. , there would be no mortgage market right now . ”
That was the case for Bernadine Shimon .
Like many Americans , Ms. Shimon has recently been through some rough times .
She lost a house to foreclosure , declared bankruptcy , got divorced and is now a single mother , teaching high school English in a Denver suburb .
She wanted a house but no lender would touch her .
The Federal Housing Administration was more obliging .
With the F.H.A. insuring her mortgage , Ms. Shimon was able to buy a $ 134,000 fixer - upper in August .
“ The government gave me another chance , ” she said .
The government is giving as many people as it possibly can the chance to buy a house or , if they are in financial difficulty , refinance it .
The F.H.A. is insuring about 6,000 loans a day , four times the amount in 2006 .
Its portfolio is growing so fast that even F.H.A. backers express amazement .
For decades it was an article of faith that helping people of limited means like Ms. Shimon get a house was good for the new owner , good for the neighborhood and good for American capitalism .
Then came the housing bust , which demonstrated that when lenders allowed people to buy houses they ultimately could not afford , it hurt the parties  while putting the economy itself in a tailspin .
In the aftermath of the crash , there is wide divergence on how easy , or how hard , it should be to become a homeowner .
Skittish lenders are asking for 20 percent down , which few prospective borrowers have to spare .
As a result , private lending has dwindled .
A Boy and His Blob : Friends Forever !
It looks even better in motion .
The original 1989 release of A Boy and His Blob for the NES is a game that 's easier to appreciate for its ideas than its execution .
Its pedigree is certified with the involvement of Pitfall !
creator David Crane , and the concept of a protagonist coaxing varied utility out of his gelatinous companion by feeding it jelly beans is as weird as it is whimsical .
Lots of clever ideas , but as a game , it was kind of gawky and awkward .
In a sterling example of the right way to do a remake , WayForward 's A Boy and His Blob for the Wii takes the underlying premise , amplifies that game 's strengths , and shaves away its rougher edges .
It 's a far more approachable game , but it 's also not condescending , making it suitable for players both young and old .
It 's also a seriously adorable game , with a gentle hand - drawn art style that really emphasizes the sweet , unspoken friendship of the two title characters .
Beyond the brief opening boy - meets - blob sequence , there 's not much explicit storytelling in A Boy and His Blob .
The dynamic duo travel through the woods , underground caves , and finally , the blob 's contoured , pastel - hued home planet of Blobolonia , all the while collecting treasure and magic jelly beans while dodging sinister black blobs of varying shapes and sizes .
On their own , either character would n't survive for too long in this treacherous world .
The boy can't jump very high , can't swim , ca n't survive long falls , and does n't have a life bar to buffer against fatal contact with bad blobs or spike pits .
Aside from his peculiar companionship , he is just a boy .
The blob , on the other hand , is basically invincible , though he's also just a shapeless wad of white stuff .
( For whatever reason , I imagine the blob has a consistency somewhere between a marshmallow and Silly Putty . )
But , when the boy feeds the blob a jelly bean , which you can select different flavors of through a simple radial menu , the blob can take on a myriad of forms , allowing the pair to overcome obstacles and subdue enemies .
This is the crux of the gameplay in A Boy and His Blob : figuring out how to use the blob 's candy - induced abilities to get the boy from point A to point B .
You start off with simple stuff like ladders , trampolines , and Looney Tunes - style portable holes .
New abilities are introduced steadily over the course of the game , though the abilities you 'll have on any given level are predetermined , creating limitations that force you to consider the less - than - obvious approach to a certain obstacle .
There are fleeting moments in A Boy and His Blob that require a little twitch timing , particularly the game 's incongruously unforgiving boss fights , but it 's mostly a lot of deliberate puzzle - solving .
There are moments that seem to demand some arbitrary trial - and - error , but for the most part the puzzling aspects of A Boy and His Blob rely on simple , straightforward , logical problem - solving .
This review already says more about the gameplay in A Boy and His Blob than the game itself does , a point I particularly appreciate about this game .
There 's no heavy - handed tutorial , just some regular , helpful signage to clue you in on which jelly bean you might want to consider using .
Beyond that , the game lets you figure it out for yourself , without too much penalty , as the levels are heavily checkpointed and you 've got infinite jelly beans to toss around .
Not that A Boy and His Blob is a terribly complex game , but I feel like one of the worst things a kids ' game can do is talk down to the player .
If the simple efficiency of the gameplay does n't grab you entirely , A Boy and His Blob might maintain your attention with the clean lines and sharp detail of the presentation .
Visually , this is a much less adorned game than , say , Muramasa , but there 's still ample craft to the smooth animation found throughout A Boy and His Blob .
There are touches like the way the boy 's shirt edges will flutter as he falls , the odd , tiny bits of blobby wildlife going about their business on Blobolonia , or the seamlessness with which the boy and his blob hug that really help bring the whole thing together .
The sound follows the same clean and simple design philosophy , relying on a few pieces of lively mood music and some minimalist voice work for both boy and blob .
I particularly appreciated that the voice work for the boy , whose speech is mostly limited to brief instruction , sounds like an actual boy , not a cartoon character .
It 's a subtle touch that gives the whole game a little bit of weight .
There 's an unassuming thoughtfulness to A Boy and His Blob that , in an odd sort of way , has the feel of some of the better children 's programming you might see on public television .
It 's not educational per se , but it values subdued atmosphere and elementary puzzle design over flashy , merchandise - friendly mascots with prepackaged catchphrases .
Like public television , some might find it a little too sincere and slow - paced , but even if it does n't suit your tastes , it 's hard to deny the craft at work in A Boy and His Blob .
' The two MMs have been after the CRU station data for years .
If they ever hear there is a Freedom of Information Act now in the U.K. , I think I 'll delete the file rather than send to anyone .
. . .
We also have a data protection act , which I will hide behind . "
So apparently wrote Phil Jones , director of the University of East Anglia 's Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) and one of the world 's leading climate scientists , in a 2005 email to " Mike . "
Judging by the email thread , this refers to Michael Mann , director of the Pennsylvania State University 's Earth System Science Center .
We found this nugget among the more than 3,000 emails and documents released last week after CRU 's servers were hacked and messages among some of the world 's most influential climatologists were published on the Internet .
A skateboarder needed hospital treatment after allegedly vandalising a car and racially abusing its occupants , who turned out to be Indian wrestlers .
Victorian Police confirmed two men were hurt in an altercation at a car park outside Meadowglen International Athletics Stadium in McDonalds Road , Epping , Melbourne , yesterday .
The brawl followed an Indian wrestling contest at the venue , which attracted up to 5000 people , many from interstate .
Councillor Tim Singh , from the City of Darebin , was involved in medal presentations for the tournament at the time of the fight about 5.30 pm .
" A lot of people were leaving .
The presentations were on at the time .
I spoke to one of the boys that was there and he said a guy had smashed the rear window of a car that was leaving and said : ' F --- off you black c--- , ' " Cr Singh said .
How to Save A Life
In 1972 , the philosopher Peter Singer proposed a simple thought experiment : Imagine you ’re on your way to work and you come across a child drowning in a shallow pond .
You ’re tall enough that you can run in and rescue him , but if you do so you ’ll ruin your new suit .
Should you save the child ?
Almost everyone says yes : the value of saving a child ’s life far outweighs the cost of losing your new suit .
Indeed , someone who would let a child die to save their clothes seems like a monster .
But aha , Singer says .
You — yes , you , the reader — probably spent several hundred dollars on new clothes recently , clothes you did n’t really need .
( Or if not clothes , perhaps a dinner out , or music , or books you could ’ve gotten from the library . )
And instead of spending that money on luxuries , you could have sent it to Partners in Health , and they could have used it to save a child ’s life in the developing world .
( GiveWell estimates that you can save a life for between $ 150 - $ 750 . )
How are you not a monster ?
Calling your audience monsters is a dangerous move — it ’s apt to make them very upset .
( I know I got very upset the first time I read this argument ! )
Nobody wants to be thought of as a murderer , so people come up with all sorts of rationalizations for why they do n’t give ( it ’s not my responsibility , I do my fair share , foreign aid does n’t really do any good , etc. ) .
In his recent book , The Life You Can Save , Singer sets about systematically debunking these arguments .
In the process , he complicates his original thought experiment .
Imagine now that instead of just you walking by the pond , five people are .
And imagine that five children are also drowning .
Still , he argues , most people would say you should rush in to save a child — even if the other people passing by do n’t .
But there ’s one detail Singer leaves out — one that I think dramatically affects his conclusions : the children did n’t just wander into this pond on their own ; they were pushed .
Imagine an evil man stands above the pond , grabbing children and throwing them in .
People passing by see the children and rush in to try to save them , but as soon as one is saved or drowns , in goes another , and another , and another .
You can rush in to try to save another child — or you can try to stop the man .
This does n’t absolve you of moral duty .
Most people do neither — they just walk on by the pond .
But it does complicate the question .
I think most people would say you should try to stop the man , if you can .
Even a utilitarian analysis would suggest this : diving in the pond saves one life , stopping the man saves thousands .
The man , of course , is economics .
People in the developing world are poor because they live in poor countries — countries without schools or good jobs or welfare programs or even running water .
And their countries are poor in large part because of us .
It ’s often said that visiting a developing country is like traveling back in time — the conditions seem little changed from those of medieval Europe .
But how did medieval Europe stop being medieval Europe ?
The answer is through protectionism : Britain became the reigning world power by being one of the most protectionist countries on earth , expending enormous amounts of government money to promote local industries .
Eventually these industries grew strong enough to compete on the world stage and it withdrew the barriers .
The United States eventually surpassed it with more of the same — many long years of tariffs and industrial intervention ( to this day the US government spends an enormous amount of money on R&D ) .
Western Europe , the so - called “ Asian tigers ” — all the major developed countries of our era got there by following these principles .
But they do n’t want others to follow in their footsteps .
Instead of letting developing countries grow and compete in their own right , they ’d prefer to use them as a source of cheap labor and raw materials .
So enormous effort has been expended on building international institutions to prevent their economic growth .
The World Bank and the IMF issue loans to countries , but only on the condition they dismantle all forms of protectionism .
The WTO requires countries to agree to principles of “ free trade ” .
Academic “ experts ” come up with reasons why protectionism really hurts everyone and rewrite the history of economic growth .
As a result , poor countries are forced to stay poor and children keep dying in shallow ponds .
Stopping this is hard .
I can give you a phone number to call to donate to Oxfam and buy a child life - saving treatment .
There ’s no comparably - effective way to help reform the WTO .
Nobody knows how to stop the evil man .
But it seems weird to pretend that he does n’t exist .
Singer considers this a purely practical question .
As a utilitarian , he does n’t support the notion that we have any special responsibility for the actions of our government .
Instead , he says , people should donate to help the poor in the most effective way they can see — whether that ’s saving lives or structural reform is up to them .
But Singer pretty clearly does n’t think structural reform is very effective ; all of his examples are about people directly saving lives .
Would the passers - by really just keep jumping in the pond after the children he kept throwing ?
Or would they take a moment to stop and strategize and think of how to stop the evil man .
I think most would do the latter .
This is n’t an abstract question .
Children are dying right now .
What are you going to do ?
You can donate to the Student Trade Justice Campaign here .
Please post your suggestions on worthy groups in the comments .
You should follow me on twitter here .
August 18 , 2009
With budget anxieties pervading the congressional healthcare debate , the Senate on Wednesday sidetracked popular legislation that would have increased Medicare payments to doctors by nearly $ 250 billion over the next decade .
Voicing concern about adding that much money to the federal deficit , a coalition of 12 centrist Democrats , one independent and all the Senate ’s Republicans voted to block consideration of the bill , at least for now .
The goal of the bill -- to overturn a scheduled 21 % reduction in doctors ’ fees under Medicare -- enjoys broad bipartisan support .
But opponents in both parties objected that the measure included no tax hikes or spending cuts to offset its price tag .
The vote was 53 - 47 against a motion to bring the bill to the floor , 13 short of the 60 needed under Senate rules .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) promised to find another way to block the fee cut , scheduled to take effect next year .
Advertisement
But the setback for Reid represented a warning about the unpredictable road ahead for the far more controversial and expensive propositions at the core of President Obama ’s healthcare overhaul .
Even as the Senate voted on a simple and popular bill to help doctors , Democratic Party unity frayed ; the once powerful American Medical Assn .
did not get its way ; and fiscal conservatism scored a rare triumph .
“ With a record deficit and a ballooning national debt , the American people are saying enough is enough , ” said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) .
“ Today ’s vote shows that this message is finally starting to get through to Congress .
Hopefully it ’s a sign of things to come in the healthcare debate ahead . ”
But with the vote , Senate Democrats delivered a clear and important message to the AMA that the organization ’s top priority cannot be included in the bill without jeopardizing an overhaul that many in the medical profession believe is crucial to preserving the nation ’s healthcare system .
Advertisement
After the vote , Dr. J. James Rohack , AMA president , called the measure a “ victim of Senate politics . ”
“ Congress needs to fulfill its obligation to seniors , baby boomers and military families , ” Rohack said in a statement .
But an AMA official said the medical group was not withdrawing its support for a healthcare overhaul , a key position that has helped sustain the Obama administration ’s campaign .
Congressional Democrats and the White House have been carefully courting the AMA for months , conscious of the group ’s work to derail previous healthcare overhaul efforts .
The Senate vote may be a sign that the doctors group , although influential , is not the powerhouse it once was .
Advertisement
The bill before the Senate was an effort to fix a long - standing quirk in Medicare law that cuts doctors ’ fees when program spending outpaces economic growth .
Congress has routinely intervened year after year to overturn the cuts at the behest of the AMA , in an attempt to keep doctors from dropping Medicare patients .
Despite wide agreement that the payment system should be fixed , Republicans and some conservative Democrats argue that the bill should be deficit neutral , in the spirit of Obama ’s promise that his healthcare initiative would add “ not one dime ” to the deficit .
The roll call vote was a field guide to the kind of Democrats who will have to be persuaded that the costs of the broader healthcare bill are fully offset , including Southerners like Sen.
Jim Webb of Virginia and fiscal conservatives like Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad of North Dakota .
Democrats may come under even more pressure to address healthcare spending as a result of a report released Wednesday by the Department of Health and Human Services .
It cast doubt on the ability of healthcare overhaul to slow the growth in the nation ’s annual healthcare tab , which is set to surpass $ 2.5 trillion this year .
Advertisement
The report estimated that the original healthcare legislation proposed by House Democrats -- which is being revised by party leaders -- would accelerate the growth in healthcare spending over the next decade by 2.1 percentage points over what had been projected without an overhaul .
That is in large part because as more people get health insurance , more are likely to obtain medical care .
The Obama administration dismissed the report as out of date .
Also Wednesday , congressional Democrats stepped up pressure on another powerful interest group in the healthcare debate : insurers .
Advertisement
The House Judiciary Committee voted 20 - 9 to eliminate the insurance industry ’s decades - long exemption from antitrust law , and Senate Democratic leaders announced they would try to attach a similar amendment to their healthcare overhaul .
--
janet.hook@latimes.com
noam.levey@latimes.com
For centuries , Adam Abdi Ibrahim ’s ancestors herded cattle and goats across an unforgiving landscape in southern Somalia where few others were hardy enough to survive .
This year , Ibrahim became the first in his clan to throw in the towel , abandoning his land and walking for a week to bring his family to this overcrowded refugee camp in Kenya .
He ’s not fleeing warlords , Islamist insurgents or Somalia ’s 18 - year civil war .
He ’s fleeing the weather .
“ I give up , ” said the father of five as he stood in line recently to register at the camp .
After enduring four years of drought and the death of his last 20 animals , Ibrahim , 28 , said he has no plans to return .
Advertisement
Asked how he proposed to live , Ibrahim shrugged .
“ I want to be a refugee . ”
Africa is already home to one - third of the 42 million people worldwide uprooted by ethnic slaughter , despots and war .
But experts say climate change is quietly driving Africa ’s displacement crisis to new heights .
Ibrahim is one of an estimated 10 million people worldwide who have been driven out of their homes by rising seas , failing rain , desertification or other climate - driven factors .
Norman Myers , an Oxford University professor and one of the first scholars to draw attention to the unfolding problem , estimated that by 2050 there will be more than 25 million refugees attributable to climate change , which will replace war and persecution as the leading cause of global displacement .
“ The numbers could go off the charts , ” he said .
Advertisement
Africa would be heaviest hit because so many people ’s livelihoods are dependent on farming and livestock .
Many Africans use less water in a day than the average American uses to flush the toilet , so any further declines that might occur because of climate change could be life - threatening .
“ Climate change is going to set back development and food production in sub-Saharan Africa at least a decade and perhaps two or three , ” he said .
Climate refugees
It ’s a reminder that behind the science , statistics and debate over global warming , climate change is already having a deep impact on Africa ’s poverty , security and culture .
And a serious global discussion about climate refugees has barely begun , in part over concerns about who will pick up the tab , some experts say .
Advertisement
So far , there ’s no comprehensive strategy for coping with climate refugees , who are not yet legally recognized and receive no direct funding .
As a result , those fleeing drought , flood and other weather changes usually end up in slums or refugee camps that were set up and funded for other purposes .
“ If we were a corporation , climate change is what you might call a ‘ growth area , ’ ” said Andy Needham , spokesman for the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees in Dadaab .
The crisis is apparent at this refugee camp near the Kenya - Somalia border , which was built for 90,000 people and now houses three times as many .
In some cramped corners of the camp , 20 people live in an area not much bigger than a U.S. living room .
With no room to expand , graves are being dug up to make space for new huts and much - needed latrines .
Advertisement
Most here are Somalis who have been fleeing insecurity since the 1991 collapse of the Siad Barre dictatorship .
‘ The drought ’
But United Nations officials estimate that as many as 10 % of Dadaab ’s residents are climate refugees .
For newcomers , the percentage may be even higher .
“ Lately , the majority we see coming here are because of the drought , ” said Bile Mohamed Ahmed , a refugee who serves as an elected camp leader .
Advertisement
Rukiya Ali Abdirahman , 35 , and her husband lived in a southern Somalia region that was largely untouched by clan warfare .
The couple tended a small farm , growing food for themselves and selling the excess .
But three years ago , the rainfall began to decrease .
Crops failed .
So they abandoned their home and came to Dadaab , where he works on odd construction jobs and she makes mud bricks .
“ I would have been happy to stay on the farm and die there , ” she said .
“ We could have coped with the insecurity .
But we could n’t cope with not having anything to eat .
That ’s when we left . ”
Even some Kenyan farmers and herders have been driven into the camp by drought , though technically Kenyans are not supposed to register because they are not Somalis and not fleeing violence .
Advertisement
The Kenyan government estimates that about 4,600 of its citizens are living in Dadaab .
Officials are forcing them to either renounce their citizenship or leave the camp .
Kenyans in the camp say it ’s unfair to make them choose , because they are just as needy as those fleeing violence .
“ The border has never meant anything to us , ” said one Kenyan herdsman , whose name was withheld for his protection .
He lost 250 animals over the last three years .
“ There was no place else for me to go , ” he said .
Others displaced by climate are flooding into Kenya ’s larger cities .
Herders from tribes such as the Masai and Borana are now a common sight in Nairobi ’s slums , where many are forced to beg for money or take jobs as hairdressers and security guards -- something hard to swallow for a people who take pride in being their own bosses .
Advertisement
“ It ’s painful to watch , ” said John Letai , a coordinator for Oxfam , the British aid agency .
He said climate change is threatening the viability of the herdsmen ’s way of life , when they are already struggling to find a place in the modern world .
“ Climate change is just adding problems to a way of life that is already injured , ” he said .
Herds waste away
Adam Dadacha is one of Nairobi ’s latest arrivals .
The 35 - year - old goat herder left his wife and children behind in a village near the Ethiopian border after his animals began wasting away .
Advertisement
For most of his life , he said , he awoke each day to a sunrise over an expansive horizon .
His vast herd of animals earned him respect and admiration .
Now he sleeps in a shared tin shack in the polluted Nairobi slum of Githogoro .
At night , he dons a uniform and walks to a job as night watchman for a rich family .
“ I ’ve never worked for anyone before , ” he said .
“ I do n’t like it . ”
Worse , he said , most of the $ 3 a day he earns goes for rent , food , water and other expenses .
Little is left over for his family back home .
When the temporary stint is over , he ’s planning to go back to being unemployed .
Advertisement
The migration of those displaced by climate to the cities is accelerating Kenya ’s urbanization , according to Oxfam , which estimates that one - quarter of the growth in Nairobi ’s slums now comes from families fleeing rural areas .
That influx is taking a toll on the capital ’s health and education infrastructure .
In a reversal of past trends , children in Nairobi ’s slums are now less likely to be immunized and less likely to attend high school than their rural counterparts , an Oxfam study found .
Still , the international community has been slow to react , or in some cases even acknowledge the existence of climate refugees .
That ’s partly because countries suffering from climate change today are usually poor , underdeveloped and politically marginalized .
There is also a debate in the West about how to distinguish climate refugees from those fleeing disasters or poverty .
Bangladesh , which stands to lose up to a fifth of its land to rising seas , has been at the forefront of pressing industrial nations to update their immigration policies and accept climate refugees .
But UNHRC does n’t see climate refugees as part of its responsibility .
Under the 1951 Geneva Convention , refugees are defined as people fleeing their country because of violence or persecution .
Advertisement
Those displaced by climate , by contrast , often flee to other locations inside their native countries , which does not make them “ refugees ” in the lingo of the humanitarian world .
And unlike people fleeing wars , those displaced by climate have little hope of ever returning home , so they require permanent , and costly , resettlement .
“ It ’s not part of our mandate , and we are not looking to expand , ” said George Okoth - Obbo , UNHRC ’s Africa director .
In August , African nations called on richer , developed countries -- which are responsible for the bulk of global warming -- to give the continent $ 67 billion a year for climate - mediation projects , including dealing with refugees .
Frank Biermann , a climate expert and professor at Vrije University in Amsterdam , said the costs could rise to $ 150 billion .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a politically charged issue because of the question of liability and compensation , ” Biermann said .
But most agree such large payouts are unlikely in the near future .
‘ We are the natives ’
Meanwhile , many people are falling through the cracks .
Advertisement
Just outside the Dadaab camp , Ijabo Arab , 37 , lives with her husband and five children in a hut made of sticks , burlap sacks and torn plastic .
Until recently , the family raised goats and cows .
But the herd died , partly because of the drought and partly because of the influx of refugees at Dadaab .
As the camp population surged , the once fertile village lost nearly all of its trees , shrubs and water .
Arab ’s land became barren , and she went from pitying the displaced people to becoming one of them herself .
But although there is international assistance for Somali refugees , there is little help for people like her .
“ We are the natives and they are the guests , but they get more than we do , ” she said .
“ Where am I supposed to go ? ”
Advertisement
--
edmund.sanders@latimes.com
Little Mermaid is an old fairytale written by Hans Christian Andersen .
The Walt Disney Studios has created a cartoon based on this sad story and this red cute girl became the single prototype of mermaid for almost all people .
But not for everyone .
In this post we ’ve collected a lot of mermaids illustrations and you can see how differs images of mermaids in minds of various artists .
On one picture mermaid is a gentle underwater creature , on other she ’s a steampunk monster …
Take a look by yourself !
Mermaid of Deep Water by Candra
The mermaid by satiiiva
Little Mermaid by rebelakemi
Mermaid by Michael Dashow
Mermaid by ConceptArtOrg
Mermaid Suit by ichitakaseto
LitTLe MeRMaiD by Mom2maM
Dreamweaver Mermaid by RyokoNoKalo
Mermaid secretary … by nancynismo
Mermaid Song by Leonardo Hernandez
Mermaid by Pascal Blanché
Lionfish Mermaid by Marina Siu-Chong
Homo Octopus by Diane Özdamar
Sony Mermaid by Adrian Borda
Mermaids by yuehui Tang
The Devil ’s Mermaid by Kurt Williams
The Little Mermaid by Des Hanley
Mermaid by Dason Adamos
MERMAID by pat- mcmichael
Mermaid and Friends by Chris Achilleos
Sleeping Mermaid by yuehui Tang
Mermaid by vetton.ru
Calypso – Enchantress of the sea by Michelle Hoefener
Breakfest of Mermaid [ unfortunately the author is unknown ]
Fantazy Mermaid by Diane Özdamar
Mermaid and iPod by Cris de Lara
Mermaid by Anna Rigby
Mermaid [ unfortunately the author is unknown ]
Koi Mermaid by Bamfette
Little Mermaid [ unfortunately the author is unknown ]
" We are so concerned to flatter the majority that we lose sight of how very often it is necessary , in order to preserve freedom for the minority , let alone for the individual , to face that majority down . "
– William F. Buckley , Jr.
At least , not tame yeast .
That 's the gospel according to Ed Wood , a retired pathologist and sourdough bread expert .
I called on Wood because I wanted to know where sourdough came from .
Bear with me , because I 'm about to sound a wee bit stupid , or at least baking - impaired .
Pictured : Sourdough starter I had absolutely nothing to do with .
( My DIY is pasted on , yay ! )
This image comes from Flickr user fooey , and shows starter on day six of a 14 - day process .
It 's under CC .
I have seen people make sourdough–specifically , Amish Friendship Bread–by snipping off a bit of fermented " starter " dough and mixing it with flour and water .
But it occurred to me last winter , while flipping through an old TIME / LIFE illustrated book on the cuisine of the American Northwest , that I had no earthly idea where the starter came from .
( " Little plastic baggies handed out by old ladies at church " being an obvious , but not very satisfying , answer . )
Real sourdough , Wood tells me , begins with nothing but flour , water and your friendly , native microscopic flora and fauna .
Set out a mixture of wet flour , and wild yeasts and bacteria will drop in to munch on it .
The yeast produce fermentation and make the bread rise by consuming sugars in the flour and breaking them down into water , alcohol and carbon dioxide gas .
The bacteria also eat sugars , leaving behind acids that give sourdough its tangy taste .
There are starter recipes out there that call for store - bought yeast , but Wood brushes them off as flavorless junk .
San Francisco's Exploratorium science museum has a more objective explanation .
They say wild works best because yeast and bacteria are balanced .
Purchase your yeast , and any wild bacteria will end up hopelessly outnumbered , unable to compete with yeast for sugary sustenance .
No bacteria , no flavor .
I 'm a pessimist by nature , especially when it comes to baking , so I had to ask :
With all the wild bacteria and yeast out there , do you always get the right ones ?
" Oh , no , " Wood told me .
" You have to be a little bit lucky to get a good wild yeast that will leaven the bread and a good bacteria for flavor .
You do n't always end up with something worth making bread out of . "
How do you get it right ?
Trial and error .
" Bad " bacteria will taste ( or smell ) worse .
The wrong yeast will lead to flat bread .
The good news :
An unfortunate starter–no matter how funky –is n't likely to make you sick .
The bad news :
No matter how experienced you get , making starter remains more art than science .
But it was an art that worked for thousands of years .
Again , I 'm baking - impaired , but I had no idea that sourdough was the world 's first type of rising bread .
In fact , it was really the only type of rising bread until the middle ages , when European bakers began using the yeasty byproducts of beer - making , instead .
The first sourdough bread makers were the ancient Egyptians .
Back in the early 1990s , Wood worked with National Geographic archaeologists to recreate Egyptian bread , using the wild yeasts and bacteria of Cairo and a recipe based on evidence uncovered at an ancient bakery once used to feed the men who built the smallest of the Giza Pyramids in 2470 BCE .
Egypt is n't the only place Wood has traveled in search of sourdough .
Wood lived in the Middle East for several years and spent much of that time collecting samples of generations - old starter from bakeries throughout the region .
Wood sells some of these starters online at Sourdough International , and he's also written a couple of books about the geographical and archaeological variations in sourdough recipes .
The Exploratorium also has some pleasantly non-intimidating instructions for making your own starter .
When perusing the University World News issue 0089 , I came across an article titled “ The Economic contribution of PhDs ” by Bernard H. Casey ( 2009 ) .
It mounts a theoretical argument that hypothesizes how the production of PhDs may add broader economic value to a society .
He enumerates 4 major outputs ( paraphrased ) :
earnings of PhD graduates economic performance of a society knowledge produced is a social good PhD skills contribute to organizations and society as a whole ( p. 220 )
The article ’s abstract raises the issue of the value “ to employers in particular and to society and the economy at large . ”
The abstract could lead one to the following misconceptions about the article :
A phrase like “ society and the economy ” , using “ and ” , makes them seem separate and equal concepts — social benefit , and economic benefit .
Talking about PhDs in general also makes it seem like PhDs , regardless of field of study , may contribute equally to the economy .
However , the title of this article , written by an author from an “ institute for employment research , ” hints at its continual emphasis on economic outputs –despite the occasional use of the word “ social ” as if it designated a separate category .
It also argues for the higher value of PhDs in the technical fields .
The “ social ” benefits in this article seem to be completely dependent on their worth to the economy , and the field of study is also weighed according to its potential for economic benefit .
In the following analysis , Casey ’s article is examined critically for the way that it enables or constrains public debate about the good of a Liberal Arts PhD education .
The rhetorical analysis leads to the suggestion of several avenues of argument and research that could be productive for Liberal Arts studies advocates .
This article contains an argument , therefore , for Liberal Arts advocates to learn the following
How can the article help us understand the usual arguments and presumptions of many of the public and internal audiences with whom we may engage in discourse ?
How can Casey ’s arguments be refuted or critiqued or subverted ?
How can it be supplemented by what he omits from consideration ?
Are wages a social benefit ?
The arguments # 1 and 2 ( listed above ) set the terms of the debate and the emphasis for the article as economic benefit to society .
By starting the article with a focus on “ earnings after graduation , ” we learn , implicitly , that this is the usual measure among the target audience or the emphasis of the primary voices in the theme of the article .
The opening argument fits within the terms of the debate or discussion so that it is more easily comprehended .
To quantify value , we find this chart quoted early in the article :
However , this is not the main point announced by the article ’s title , “ The economic contribution of PhDs . ”
How is this a “ contribution ” to society if it accrues to the individual ?
How was this argument made ?
How did it insert the supposition that economic gain is a social good ?
As mentioned , the first argument reinforces selected commonplace presumptions and values by giving them prominence .
It therefore rests most powerfully on an enthymeme ( rhetorical syllogism , from Aristotle ’s Rhetoric ) that omits stating the most powerful , underlying claim .
The complete syllogism of Casey ’s first argument is :
A benefit to an individual is a benefit to society ( general premise )
PhDs bring economic benefits to individuals ( specific premise )
PhDs are of benefit to society .
( conclusion )
An enthymeme is powerful rhetorically because it rests on one or more of the above parts of an argument being supplied by the audience , rather than explicitly argued by the rhetor .
The first argument is an enthymeme that reinforces or “ invokes ” the common perceptions of the target audience .
Accordingly , Casey states at the outset of his section ,
Much of the discussion of the value of educational qualifications concentrates upon the premium the qualification offers to the individual that possesses it .
( 220 )
The argument rests on the specific or minor premise mentioned above .
The major premise is what “ basic economic theory ” teaches us about wages — that PhD graduates ’ wages they are a measure that generally “ reflect[s ] marginal productivity ” ( p. 221 ) and high - wage workers therefore lead to overall “ economic growth ” ( p. 222 ) , a benefit to others beyond the individual ( despite the exceptions of Liberal Arts graduates . )
In this way , wages of graduates has been an argument for “ the [ overall ] economic contribution of PhDs . ”
If individuals gain money , it is symbolic of their increased economic value and productivity ; also , individuals and their employers are part of society and so “ we ” gain money ( and others do benefit through their consumer spending and taxes ) .
In the most effective rhetorical organization , the first argument is not the weakest , but a strong point .
As Cicero states , “ the expectations of the audience should be met with all possible expedition … let the arguments of most weight be put foremost ” ( De Oratore 2 . LXXVII ) .
Cicero chides people who put their weakest point first .
This first argument is the weakest point in Casey ’s article .
Why is it here then ?
In fact , as he goes on to the second point , he admits that “ private returns . . . . are not an argument for public support for PhD production . . . . it is insufficient to argue that a more highly qualified labour force contributes to economic growth . ” ( p. 222 )
In fact , it is such a weak argument for the economic “ contribution ” of PhDs that it builds strength for his opponents who would say that PhDs do not “ contribute ” beyond the individual .
Individual earnings is the argument people use who wish to lower the economic investment of the state and to raise tuition fees in certain fields .
Casey acknowledges this :
“ the fact that the returns to the investment in the acquisition of the qualification flow primarily to the individual is reason for the state to limit the financial resources it provides .
If it were to contribute , it would merely be using revenue collected from all to enhance the earning power of some ” ( p. 220 ) .
If the Liberal Arts PhDs are likely to be earning less than other fields after graduation , are they therefore less subject to a rise in tuition fees ?
Many students in the Liberal Arts would benefit from the argument for lower tuition fees in the Liberal Arts during graduate studies .
However , if differential fees across fields were established at the graduate level , it would only serve to decrease the relative amount of resources and status accorded to Liberal Arts fields within the university system , and this would further reduce the number of PhD supervisors and teachers and therefore graduate students in these fields .
If society were to truly subsidize Liberal Arts graduate education in a way that accorded it value , it should not be through lowering the tuition ( and thus lowering the social value of the degree ) , but through increased bursaries and funding to these fields so that students could afford the “ sacrifice ” of studying for a PhD in the Liberal Arts .
Lesson 1 : The failure of the “ wages ” argument
A major lesson can be learned from this argument —
Casey is right about its insufficiency within his own paper , and the way it undermines public support for the broader contributions of PhDs .
advocates who “ sell ” the value of a degree to individuals ( university program recruitment ) usually highlight the economic gain to individuals .
the argument that works with individuals ( you will earn more ) is likely to backfire with society in general ( why are we paying to subsidize the education of John or Susan if it is about them earning more ? ) .
It leads to higher tuition and lower government funding .
It is inconsistent and unethical to argue one thing to students and another to society when the messages seem to contradict each other .
Ultimately these audiences blend together , and so a consistently noble and social aim should be expressed , in which individual gain is secondary or subordinate .
The altruistic argument may not be as attractive to all prospective students , but it may appeal to the higher motives of the best students .
Thus an argument like this may persuade future PhD graduates , not just society , to consider the social duties and contributions of a PhD degree .
In a well - ordered society , individual benefit generally follows social benefit .
Arguments for funding the PhD degree and supporting PhD students during their studies should therefore work in the other direction : its social benefits first , rather than individual benefits first ( as Cicero would point out ) .
To bring the lesson to Liberal Arts advocates , it is less worthwhile to argue for the individual economic benefits of the degree — not merely because the earning potential is lower in the Liberal Arts .
Individual earnings is not an argument whose logic is likely to lead to the public funding of PhD level education and doctoral universities , regardless of the PhD field of study .
Do Liberal Arts PhDs receive compensation for lower wages ?
It is worthwhile to see how the non-monetary , social value of a Liberal Arts PhD is tucked into a corner of Casey ’s first argument on wages .
Casey makes indirect , minor concessions to individual non-monetary gain of PhDs in order to buoy up the lower numbers on the chart , which are generally in the areas of the Liberal Arts degrees .
In discussing the “ PhDs in social sciences , arts , languages and education , ” he notes that most in this category are employed in the education sectors and , in particular , in the higher education sector ” ( p. 221 ) which regulates wages based on government financing rather than market forces .
The social benefits of Liberal Arts degrees is argued from the mouths of employers :
Of course , employers in education might argue that they offer higher non-monetary benefits , such as a high level of task autonomy , that compensate , at least in part , for the low level of the monetary reward they receive .
( p. 221 )
He wisely places this in the mouths of employers because the idea of “ task autonomy ” as a non-monetary benefit opens a can of worms and is largely an indefensible argument if one explores it more fully .
In what way is “ task autonomy , ” or freedom , something that “ compensates ” for lower wages ?
A compensation implies there is some commensurability of value that enables exchange of one for the other .
Let us test this concept .
Can task autonomy effectively be purchased by an employee by giving up wage equity ?
Even within a company or educational institution , does freedom within one ’s employment tasks necessarily create a monetary cost to the employer ?
If “ task autonomy ” were truly a compensation for “ low monetary reward ” as a broader social principle , it would mean that those who earn more money within the organization have less freedom and those who earn less money have more freedom .
This is clearly not the case , especially within universities , since low wages often entails low status and less task autonomy as well as more hours of labor or harder work than one ’s peers ( larger classes to teach , less time for research , less time for involvement in institutional leadership / governance ) .
Also , if this principle were true , the most highly paid employees in the university would have the least amount of task autonomy .
This is clearly not the case : highly paid science and technology researchers , as well as administrators , are encouraged to be innovative and creative , and they have more time and energy ( as well as social capital ) to influence the policies of the university than do liberal arts professors .
In what way , then , does a Liberal Arts professor have more “ task autonomy ” than an engineering or medicine PhD graduate either within or outside of the education sector ?
Is it perhaps the mere fact that one has “ autonomously ” chosen to study the Liberal Arts knowing in advance that the financial incentives are ( perhaps unjustly ) lower ?
Engineering graduates may have also made the “ autonomous ” choice to study engineering –no one is forcing them to choose their field .
It requires a degree of intellectual autonomy and motivation to serve in ANY field as an intellectual .
Lesson 2 : The failure of “ task autonomy ” as compensation
It is not easy to argue convincingly that a higher level of “ task autonomy ” has a natural , inherent or causal inverse relationship to lower wages .
It is probably not true .
However Liberal Arts
PhDs may have more task autonomy for other reasons .
Their research and teaching allows for more individual academic freedom because it is less often conducted in the context of collaboration and is not as dependent on physical technologies such as scientific lab equipment and experimental materials .
One would think that the lower technological and management costs of advanced Liberal Arts research and teaching would be an argument for its relative efficiency and thus increased wages , if all other factors were equal . …
But other factors are not equal because of the perception of social value .
Therefore we return to arguments of broad social value being the best and highest route for Liberal Arts advocacy .
If Liberal Arts PhDs produce social goods , for example , in the same way that a medical surgeon produces the social good of health , then they should receive commensurate wages .
If they do not , no degree of increased “ task autonomy ” for the English Professor is a just compensation for the wage gap between her and her colleague , the Medical Professor .
While it is not “ compensation , ” task autonomy may be a “ consolation ” for a small to moderate degree of wage inequity — if the individuals concerned value autonomy and are at least minimally satisfied with their wage .
A consolation does not remove the harm caused by the wage inequity .
Clearly , not enough argument is occurring to reduce the wage equity issue between PhD graduates in different professions , likely because many people believe that “ market forces ” should drive wages , not social value .
But if market forces were enough to sustain PhD education , then why is Casey ’s article making the argument for social value ?
Obviously policy and public opinion is also a considerable factor .
Liberal Arts advocates with doctorates in the Liberal arts–those who should have the knowledge and skills capable of making these arguments of social value–may not actually have the “ task autonomy ” needed to allow them to spend their time on this line of research and publication .
The public good of contributing to the economy
We have already discussed the way in which earnings validates of PhD degrees outside of the Liberal Arts and does nothing to raise the value of Liberal Arts fields , and in fact does harm to PhD education in these areas .
However , by means of his weak opening argument about wages , Casey lays out the need to argue more explicitly and fully for the defense of the major premise .
Casey supports the “ traditional ” economic principles he cites even if he feels wages are not sufficient proof of social value , or “ public good ” .
Accordingly , item # 2 continues to argue about “ public good ” in an economically reductive manner that minimizes the value of the Liberal Arts .
We are told in this section that
“ The nature of the public good falls into two parts .
First , the production of PhDs is an integral part of the production of basic research — itself a public good from which all benefit .
Second , the holders of PhDs , when they are employed , generate production externalities — in other words , their having a PhD raises not only their own productivity but also productivity of those without a PhD alongside whom they work .
A third externality , such as that consequential upon PhD holders enhancing the social milieu or producing ‘ better ’ children , is ( yet ) more difficult to measure and is not discussed here . ” ( p. 222 )
In the paragraph above , he disqualifies the third valuable “ externality ” from consideration because of an obvious bias towards what is quantifiable and measurable .
Casey ’s second point focuses on “ productivity ” of employees , whether it operates through peer pressure , competition for excellence , and / or mentorship .
Its ends are purely economic .
The first point holds some promise because of its general terms .
However , when Casey discusses the first point in the next paragraph , we see that the type of “ basic research ” discussed seems to be research aimed at growth in “ the state of technology ” of a society ; its “ technical progress . ”
Therefore the argument is also reduced to economic terms , as the final sentence of the section reveals :
The argument here revolves around the production of understanding and knowledge and its transmission and application into the production of goods and services .
( 223 )
By extension , the value of the Liberal Arts as “ basic research ” is only granted if it is transmitted and applied to produce goods and services .
By focusing on technological knowledge production and peer competition and influence , Casey omits mention of any ways in which Liberal Arts research and education produces economic goods and services to society at large .
Lesson 3 : The economic goods and services of Liberal Arts PhDs
Liberal Arts goods and services are never enumerated in this article which focuses instead on “ technology , ” but the goods and services produced by Liberal Arts knowledge may include :
Books , television programs and other communication on Liberal Arts topics ( i.e. historical documentaries ) that people pay money to consume
Courses of study in the Liberal arts areas that students pay tuition to take out of interest
Fine arts products ( music , visual arts ) that can be purchased and displayed or experienced
Liberal arts knowledge that enables “ productivity ” in businesses — knowledge about language , communication , culture , psychology , social interaction that is used when employees interact with one another and with customers and the public .
Regardless of the economic benefits that can be gained for the Liberal Arts by arguing in this fashion , at its core the argument is philosophically too “ reductive ” to grant Liberal Arts knowledge value to society outside of economic equations .
The value of PhD knowledge and skills
Of the arguments among the 4 major points of this article , the first two are economically reductive .
Only the final two seem to have the potential to touch on the broader social value of PhD knowledge and skills :
earnings of PhD graduates economic performance of a society knowledge produced is a social good PhD skills contribute to organizations and society as a whole
Let us examine the rhetoric to discover how the public good of “ knowledge ” is defined .
Within the section titled “ What is the role of PhD production in the generation of knowledge and understanding ? ” here is the opening paragraph :
Education might have a role in generating the externalities [ benefits ] upon whose existence the validity of endogenous growth theory [ growth from within a society ] provides .
It might contribute to the provision of the public good of knowledge that can be embodied in human and physical capital .
In short , better people produce better ideas and better ideas produce better machines and better ways to use them .
Moreover , there might even be inter-temporal spillovers , so that the current pool of ideas benefits not only existing people , in that it enhances their productivity , but also future generations .
Only the “ externalities ” and “ spillovers ” — the surplus gain or profit produced by an enterprise ( such as PhD production ) beyond individual or corporate gain — justifies social investment through taxation and thus to government funding of higher education graduate programs .
“ It is only if spillovers exist that subsidy is justified ” ( 223 ) .
The unfounded presumption of this argument is that externalities and spillover only exist if they “ can be embodied in human and physical capital , ” if the end results of ideas is to “ produce better machines and better ways to use them . ”
This argument , therefore , which could potentially lead to an expression of the “ public good of knowledge ” and “ better ideas ” that Liberal Arts education produces , is once again subverted by economic reductionism .
Secondly , even the “ skill ” of communication becomes subject to technical and economic reduction .
The author cites Jackson ( 1997 ) saying the following :
A critical skill in many settings was the ability [ of PhDs ] to communicate effectively with non-specialists .
This was just as true for [ employers ] recruiting people for their specialist knowledge as for those looking for more generic skills .
Several of the employers … stressed the importance of being able to explain complex information or specialised research findings to non-specialists as a critical skill .
( as quoted by Casey , p. 225 )
This quotation , while granting value to “ communication ” relegates it to a “ skill ” which is subordinate to “ specialist knowledge ” about things other than communication itself .
A PhD in Communication , Languages , and Literature , yields knowledge about communication and not necessarily communication skills , and therefore does not even enter this process unless the employer seeks specialist knowledge about communication itself .
It is presumed that sufficient skills in communication can be gained by specialist researchers without having explicit knowledge or advanced training in communication .
The value of communication knowledge ( not just skills obtained in the process of PhD education ) is therefore minimized .
The discussion of this article then flows into the issue of patents , which might reduce the flow of knowledge back to society .
“ Science parks ” are brought up as a way of circulating the products of specialized knowledge wider than industry .
The bias is obvious :
Casey does not talk about “ Arts festivals ” as means of disseminating arts knowledge wider than academic journals and books .
The article concludes with areas for further research : “ How spillovers occur , and how they can be quantified ” ( p. 226 ) , which has little to do with the traditional aims of liberal arts inquiry , which are more qualitative in nature .
Lesson # 4 : Future areas of research for Liberal Arts advocates
In response , I would like to provide some food for thought about how Liberal Arts researchers could produce knowledge of the ways in which Society benefits directly from Social knowledge without translation to economic gain :
How do Liberal Arts degrees enable people to more deeply value and understand human life and society ?
What further “ basic knowledge ” about humanity and society ’s goods is produced by PhD level research ?
What are the outcomes of Liberal Arts degrees in the preservation of human knowledge of society , history , culture , and language ?
( the protection of our cultural and intellectual resources and heritage )
What are the outcomes of advanced Liberal Arts education ( PhDs ) in promoting social justice and reducing criminal and uncivil behavior in those who obtain PhDs ?
In which sectors of society is knowledge of the Liberal Arts ( not just “ skills ” like communication ) necessary for successful performance of one ’s duties , whether one is performing paid or unpaid labor ?
How does advanced Liberal Arts education enhance the general social milieu of a society , enabling peace , tolerance , dialogue , collective decision making ?
How do PhD holders employed in Higher Education institutions contribute more widely to the above social benefits through all of their employment duties :
through the education of those who pursue higher education at any level through their continuing research and publication through their university leadership services through their public service and public communication as professors in the Liberal Arts
These outcomes could be qualitatively explored and argued through social research methods , theoretical arguments , and narratives .
They need not be quantifiably measured in order to be valid benefits .
Economic reductionism
Naturally an argument about an “ economic contribution ” will talk about government funding , wages , taxes , capital investment and the reduction of costs in relation to profit .
To expect such an argument to argue for social goods would be to twist it away from its intended purpose and scope .
In the mean time , within an economic article , one can often find arguments and presumptions about social factors .
These sub-arguments and presumptions , outlined above , can either enhance , interconnect with , and highlight the intrinsic value of social goods , or do the contrary — minimize , bracket , or ignore social goods that are not inherently economic .
It is not necessarily the case that economic arguments and transactions produce social harm .
The contrary is also true : purely social gains do not necessarily cause economic harm .
Society and economy can and should be mutually reinforcing .
However , when economic arguments are “ reductive ” in that they “ reduce ” all value to the common denominator of economic units , they may seem to erase , minimize or externalize the value accorded to non-economic units and transactions for their own sake .
Taken to its extreme , within economic reductionism , the value of a human life becomes quantifiable based on an individual ’s potential or real ability to earn money and spend money and to make firms more productive and to create goods and services that can be sold for profit .
Even when limiting the scope of harm to higher education , the article may cause harm by perpetuating , and even increasing , the inequality and injustice that exists when technical and professional degrees are valued more highly than Liberal Arts degrees .
This argument would harm by reducing the availability and quality of these degrees and thus their impact on society .
I would like to point out the two unfortunate features of this article that cause harm to society in general and to Liberal Arts PhD education in particular :
The definition of a “ social ” benefit is not granted an independent status in the article .
The article seems to presume that an economic gain is a “ contribution ” to society ( a “ social gain ” ) if it “ spills over ” to the “ external ” social sphere beyond individual lives and corporations .
However , without discussing how the spillover will produce social goods ( justice , equity , human understanding , cooperation , etc. ) , it is uncertain that economic “ spillover ” and “ externalities ” will result in public good .
By means of subordinating social qualities to economic quantities , and avoiding the acknowledgment that a social good cannot be defined and measured by economic means alone , we see the problem of the subordination or collapse of the social sphere within the economic .
As an important sub-area of human knowledge and skill , “ social ” knowledge and skill ( such as communication ) is not valued for its own sake in the article .
It is valued only insofar as it contributes to industrial production and technological innovation that produces economic gain .
In particular , the production of PhDs in the Arts and Social Sciences areas is seen to be of less “ social ” value because of its lower economic return to society through technology commercialization and supply chain management .
It is utterly ironic that PhD knowledge in general and “ social ” knowledge in particular has no “ social ” value without being translated into economic form where it can be “ accounted for , ” but this article makes it appear so .
Both arguments can produce harm to advanced study in the Liberal Arts , the first by an intellectually imperialistic move of reframing the public good as a field that fits within economic inquiry , and the second by the enslavement or subordination of social knowledge and skills to technological and economic forms of knowing and doing .
Lesson # 5 : avoiding liberal arts reductionism
An obvious challenge for Liberal Arts advocates is to avoid falling into the same trap of “ reductionism ” within the social sphere — a “ noneconomic reductionism . ” This point is addressed at the end of my article .
Not only is this the avoidance of reductionism rhetorically the more ethical and effective route ( not to fall into the same trap as your rhetorical opponent ) but it is also based on the purpose of an “ advocate ” — if Liberal Arts advocates cannot argue for the direct and indirect economic benefits of their fields of study as well as the non-economic benefits , they cut off themselves and their benefactors from equitable and reasonable economic sponsorship .
In order to avoid falling into the same blind tunnel this article has , one must take care to avoid the charge of “ liberal arts reductionism ” or “ social reductionism ” which would claim that social benefits have no relationship to economic value .
This tendency is likely what got the Liberal Arts into this predicament in the first place , where more argumentation is occurring regarding the economic value of PhDs than their social value .
Unsurprisingly , with the weight of rhetoric on the economic side , the Liberal Arts are shrinking while technology and science and professional fields are growing .
One must try to show that each of the non-monetary social goods listed above do not “ contradict ” economic goods , that they are not blind to economic factors , and that they are activities and knowledge worthy of being supported by society economically .
In summary ,
Lesson # 1 : instead of arguing for the benefit of increased wages to PhDs , argue for the social duty and contribution to society at large .
The inverse is also true .
Instead of arguing for the benefit of individual “ critical thinking ” skills and humanistic knowledge , argue for the way in which a PhD in the Liberal Arts brings greater economic equity and value to other individuals and society as a whole .
instead of arguing for the benefit of increased wages to PhDs , argue for the social duty and contribution to society at large .
The inverse is also true .
Instead of arguing for the benefit of individual “ critical thinking ” skills and humanistic knowledge , argue for the way in which a PhD in the Liberal Arts brings greater economic equity and value to other individuals and society as a whole .
Lesson # 2 : do not argue that social aspects of a job such as “ task autonomy ” can compensate for lower economic value .
The inverse is also true .
Do not argue that increased wages can compensate for the lower social / ethical value of one ’s education and work .
do not argue that social aspects of a job such as “ task autonomy ” can compensate for lower economic value .
The inverse is also true .
Do not argue that increased wages can compensate for the lower social / ethical value of one ’s education and work .
Lesson # 3 : Point out the ways in which advanced education and research in the Liberal Arts produces goods and services of economic value .
However , be sure to demonstrate that this is only one small aspect of the argument for the social value of the Liberal Arts .
Point out the ways in which advanced education and research in the Liberal Arts produces goods and services of economic value .
However , be sure to demonstrate that this is only one small aspect of the argument for the social value of the Liberal Arts.
Lesson # 4a : It can be argued that the knowledge inherent in Liberal Arts fields is of equal value to society as Engineering and Business , and therefore of equal value as fields of knowledge worthy of PhD study .
The Liberal Arts have an ancient pedigree and have not been made obsolete by the technological and scientific progress of the past few centuries .
It can be argued that the knowledge inherent in Liberal Arts fields is of equal value to society as Engineering and Business , and therefore of equal value as fields of knowledge worthy of PhD study .
The Liberal Arts have an ancient pedigree and have not been made obsolete by the technological and scientific progress of the past few centuries .
Lesson # 4b : Point out that the ( soft ) “ skills ” needed for technological and scientific and economic progress in fact belong to the liberal arts by nature , and although they can be learned by experience and observation , they are best understood and taught through liberal arts methods and disciplines .
At the same time one must also argue against the subordination of skill to knowledge .
This has implications for the subordination of skills ( courses and applied research ) to knowledge / theory within the Liberal Arts .
Point out that the ( soft ) “ skills ” needed for technological and scientific and economic progress in fact belong to the liberal arts by nature , and although they can be learned by experience and observation , they are best understood and taught through liberal arts methods and disciplines .
At the same time one must also argue against the subordination of skill to knowledge .
This has implications for the subordination of skills ( courses and applied research ) to knowledge / theory within the Liberal Arts.
Lesson # 5a : avoid reductivism .
By reducing your opponent ’s values to a subset of your own , you argue yourself and your field out of the value accorded to practices within their sphere .
avoid reductivism .
By reducing your opponent ’s values to a subset of your own , you argue yourself and your field out of the value accorded to practices within their sphere .
Lesson # 5 b : Avoid presuming the direct inverse of the general premise of “ traditional economic theory ” — the assumption that “ social goods to the individual and society are inherently providers of economic goods to the public . ”
Instead , be honest and upfront that social activities , skills and knowledge most directly produce social outcomes and that there is nothing to be ashamed about this fact .
But in arguing , do not presume that PhD education and research in the Liberal Arts has no need of economic support .
51.073054 -114.127006
Richmond , California ( CNN ) --
Investigators say as many as 20 people were involved in or stood and watched the gang rape of a 15 - year - old girl outside a California high school homecoming dance Saturday night .
Police posted a $ 20,000 reward Tuesday for anyone who comes to them with information that helps arrest and convict those involved in what authorities describe as a 2 ½ - hour assault on the Richmond High School campus in suburban San Francisco .
Two teenage suspects have been jailed , but more arrests , as many as 20 total , are expected , according to a police detective .
" We will be making arrests continually as we develop probable cause , " said Richmond Police Lt. Mark Gagan .
" With this number of people implicated in the incident we 're going to be making arrests on an ongoing basis . "
As many as 10 people were involved in the assault in a dimly lighted back alley at the school , while another 10 people watched without calling 911 to report it , police said .
A 1999 California law makes it illegal not to report a witnessed crime against a child , but the law applies only to children 14 and under .
" We do not have the ability to arrest people who witnessed the crime and did nothing , " Gagan said .
" The law can be very rigid .
We do n't have the authority to make an arrest . "
Charles Ramsey , a member of the Richmond school board , said the school district bears some responsibility for the attack .
School administrators and police apparently were n't watching the area as they should have , Ramsey said .
The school said it would hold a safety meeting for parents and students Wednesday evening to address the assault .
The victim was found unconscious under a bench shortly before midnight Saturday , after police received a call from someone in the area who had overheard people at the assault scene " reminiscing about the incident , " Richmond Police Lt. Mark Gagan said .
The girl was flown by helicopter to a hospital where she was admitted in critical condition .
She was in stable condition Tuesday , police said .
Investigators canvassed the community with fliers , which included the reward offer , hoping to identify more suspects Tuesday .
" There is one individual in custody who has made some spontaneous statements that have led me to believe that he is culpable for what happened , " Richmond police Lt. Johan Simon said .
Nineteen - year - old Manuel Ortega , described as a former student at the school , was arrested soon after he fled the scene and will face charges of rape , robbery and kidnapping , police said .
A 15 - year - old was later arrested and charged with one count of felony sexual assault .
A third teenager was being interviewed , Gagan said .
" Based on witness statements and suspect statements , and also physical evidence , we know that she was raped by at least four suspects committing multiple sex acts , " Gagan said .
" As people announced over time that this was going on , more people came to see , and some actually participated , " Gagan said .
The attack occurred on school grounds as the annual homecoming dance was under way inside the school Saturday night , authorities said .
As the story of the arrest of Professor Henry Gates has unfolded , this was bound to happen .
Apparently , the Boston Police Department now has their own Mark Fuhrman :
A Boston police officer allegedly sent a mass e-mail using a disgraceful racial slur in referring to Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. , prompting the commissioner to move immediately to fire the cop , the Herald has learned .
Officer Justin Barrett , 36 , a two - year veteran assigned to District B - 3 , was placed on administrative leave pending a termination hearing yesterday afternoon .
When a supervisor confronted Barrett about the e-mail - in which he called Gates a “ jungle monkey ” - he admitted to being the author , according to officials .
Police Commissioner Edward Davis immediately stripped the cop of his gun and badge , according to officials .
Barrett , who could not immediately be reached , has no prior disciplinary history .
Read on ...
I 've tried to understand the minds of scum like this , but it only ends in excruciating pain -- every time .
With all the racist hate being spewed on right wing radio and television , it 's no wonder guys like Barrett are worked up to the point where they can no longer control their hatred .
I guess this would be another one of those " teachable moments ? "
Australia 's $ 8 billion beef industry has welcomed research that shows it is almost carbon neutral .
The industry has been subjected to advertising campaigns and allegations that it says are misleading .
Queensland Primary Industries Department researchers have done a preliminary analysis of the net carbon position of the state 's beef industry , concluding that the net carbon position at the farm level is likely to be close to zero .
Primary Industries Minister Tim Mulherin said the report was encouraging , but he stressed it was not definitive .
" The report is an attempt to help us understand the issue of net carbon position in relation to agriculture , " Mr Mulherin said .
Abstract art uses a visual language of form , color and line to create a composition which may exist with a degree of independence from visual references in the world .
Abstract art , nonobjective art , and nonrepresentational art , are loosely related terms .
They are of similar , although perhaps not identical meaning .
We have collected the following 30 Awesome Abstract Wallpapers , so that you can use them as the background for your computer screen .
Design by Michael MÃ¶ller
Design by Tomas Brechler
Design by Iunewind
Design by Olli Pekka Jauhiainen
Design by Rodrigo Zenteno
Design by Igor R
Design by Bebflightmed
Design by Bechirasorin
Design by Matthias Schuetz
Design by Minimanjapan
Design by Derek Prospero
Design by Anthony Giacomino
Design by Joe
Design by H. Law
Design by Latv1a
Design by DigitalPhenom
Design by Pierre C
Design by Animesh
Design by Jester Maximus
More Abstract Wallpapers Links
45 + Most Creative Abstract Wallpapers
40 + Absolutely Stylish & Creative Hand - picked Wallpapers
5 Beautiful Adobe Creative Suite 3 Wallpapers
28 Awe - Inspiring Abstract Wallpapers
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday 2 November 2009
The story below about the origins of Pop Idol and the TV programmes it inspired said that in 2001 Simon Fuller and Simon Cowell met Alan Boyd , who was then head of Thames TV , and " rattled through their idea for an ambitious new show to identify an unknown British singing star " .
To clarify : Simon Fuller is credited as the creator of Pop Idol .
As we said in our story , Simon Cowell is not one of the owners of the programme 's format .
On Tuesday 13 February 2001 TV veteran Alan Boyd saw two men he had never met before in his London office and the meeting changed the face of Saturday night entertainment .
Nothing about the then head of Thames TV's meeting with two Simons suggested that television history was in the making , or that he and his production team were about to benefit from an enormous stroke of luck .
As Mr Cowell and Mr Fuller rattled through their idea for an ambitious new show to identify an unknown British singing star , Boyd scribbled notes on two sides of jotting paper during the hour - long meeting .
On a piece of Pearson - headed notepaper ( Pearson then owned Thames ) , Boyd sketched the original idea for Your Idol , the working title for a show that became a seminal reality / entertainment format once on air that autumn .
Pop Idol , as it became , attracted mass family audiences , sold around the world , produced instant No 1 chart hits , and was so successful that it spawned derivatives including The X Factor , American Idol and Britain 's Got Talent .
It would also act as a template for a host of new shows set to transform Saturday night entertainment , with a mixture of live judging and public voting all in the initial pitch .
Ranging from Strictly Come Dancing to Dancing on Ice , these shows have combined to give a massive financial and reputational boost to the British television production sector at home and abroad .
Lavish production
Pop Idol still runs in 44 countries nearly nine years on , while the American Idol version is sold on to 150 territories .
The X Factor , Cowell 's breakaway hit following his split with Fuller a year later , sells in 16 countries and his Got Talent format is made in 25 national versions .
No one knows the combined monetary value of Pop Idol , American Idol and the other Cowell shows because the revenues are widely shared .
Thames , now renamed Fremantle , and owned by RTL , still owns one third of the Pop Idol format , and oversees licensed productions including the Cowell formats .
Fuller 's 19 company , which controls two thirds of the Pop Idol format , also takes big cuts .
Total profits are estimated to run into hundreds of millions of pounds .
The original idea , which had been inspired by talent shows such as Popstars , included national auditions on a scale never before attempted , a panel of four judges , public voting , with the result declared live , big auditoriums , lavish production and state of the art sets and lighting .
Boyd scribbled down the key points , now familiar to audiences around the world , on the memo paper we print here for the first time , which he usually keeps carefully squirrelled away in his desk drawer .
The details are fascinating and reveal , for example , that the backing of the Sun newspaper was seen as vital to the success of the show ; the team even considering approaching Dominic Mohan , the then editor of the paper 's Bizarre column and now its editor , to be a judge .
In the event , only one other former Bizarre editor , Piers Morgan , has enjoyed a role in the Got Talent spin - off .
Despite the global success of the show Boyd , who had made his name with popular hits including Surprise Surprise , Blankety Blank , Blind Date and the Royal Variety Shows , recalls being only modestly interested .
" Was I excited ?
No .
I thought , these two boys know what they are talking about .
I saw them as the engine , me as the carriage . "
Boyd 's role was to supply the television talent and experience to turn an idea into a hit show .
It was not the work of market research , he points out : " This was not the product of a strategy meeting , it was experience and instinct . "
After the meeting a small team worked with the originators on a 40 - page production " bible " , to flesh out the concept , and the cost , before pitching it to two broadcasters , the BBC and ITV .
Boyd admits : " We had no idea how many people would vote , and we did n't really think about texting . "
Boyd , who had joined BBC light entertainment in 1962 , believes that the two Simons specifically came to see him because he had also overseen the first ITV charity telethons , in the late 1980s , which encouraged mass phone voting .
The phone line scandal hit talent shows but not as much as other entertainment or competitions .
One of his trusted production experts , Richard Holloway , became the executive producer of Pop Idol ( and subsequently of all Cowell 's shows ) .
The format was pitched to Lorraine Heggessey , then the controller of BBC1 , who wanted to make it in - house .
David Liddiment and Claudia Rosencrantz at the ITV Network said yes to the concept instantly .
The X Factor is still a hit ITV1 show .
Instant feedback
Boyd , 68 , who retired three years ago , remains a special adviser to RTL 's chief executive Gerhard Zeiler , the owner of Fremantle .
He also acts as an unofficial adviser to Holloway as he spends Saturday evenings watching The X Factor , and telephones with instant feedback .
He has started to pass on his experience to young producers at RTL - owned companies .
His tips include avoiding copycat shows , keeping it authentic , getting the casting right with lots of personalities and heroes , and incorporating emotion .
" Big emotional moments " make a show , he believes .
" Pop Idol changed from a singing contest to a story show when Gareth Gates stood before the panel of judges , and stuttered , before singing like an angel .
" In Big Brother people went into the house and started playing the game .
Viewers immediately thought , this is false , and it no longer worked .
It does n't mean reality TV is dead . "
He does , however , offer his advice on what he sees as one of the hardest and most enduring dilemmas for those in charge of entertainment shows – how to say no to your biggest talent .
" You have to say no carefully , " Boyd says .
He is far too diplomatic to elaborate any further .
But industry analysts have suggested that the current X Factor series is too over - produced after Cowell abruptly demanded big venue auditions , with full backing tracks .
Very few shows , however engaging , or well made , last forever .
Channel 4 , after all , is ditching its once iconic series , Big Brother , in 2010 , after 11 years .
And Cowell has already hinted about stepping back .
But The X Factor is in its seventh series and showing no outward signs of decay .
Rosencrantz – one of the original Pop Idol producers , now at Virgin Media – says : " It is stronger than ever .
It used to beat Strictly Come Dancing only in profile , never volume .
Now it beats
Strictly by a mile – but Strictly is very weak this series – with very very poor bookings .
I think it [ The X Factor ] will go on as long as people have an appetite for the panel .
It is panto – a show all about the panel ! "
Some 10.7 million are tuning in every Saturday night , up from 9.2 million last year , despite the overlap with Strictly .
On 18 October , 14.8 m of us watched , half the television audience , better than last year 's final 's figure , 14.6 million .
That really has the X Factor .
With the passing of the latest deadline to buy The Pirate Bay , the deal with prospective buyer Global Gaming Factory ( GGF ) now looks as dim as a Swedish winter day .
Not that this a new position for GGF to find itself in ; skepticism has dogged the deal ever since it was announced back in June .
GGF says it has a plan to make the site legitimate and to start compensating rightsholders , but the likelihood that the plan will ever be tried appears tiny .
And even if it had gone ( or does go ) through , a reminder of just how irregular it all is : GGF wants to buy The Pirate Bay site from a mysterious company called Reservella , based in the Seychelles islands .
Reservella has no known contact information , no website , and the company that helped it register in the Seychelles refuses to provide any contact information .
The Pirate Bay 's current admins claim to Ars that they do n't even know who 's behind the company .
That 's odd enough , but they also tell Ars that Reservella acquired the company from another unnamed company , who took it over in 2006 after the Swedish government seized some Pirate Bay servers .
In addition , major copyright holders are trying to shut down the site and won a court victory against the admins earlier this year .
As weird as everything associated with The Pirate Bay turns out to be , the GGF saga may be the strangest bit of the whole business .
For those with better things to do than follow each twist and turn of the case ( and really , just about anything would count as a " better thing to do " ) , we present this handy bullet point list of this summer 's shenanigans .
June 30 : Global Gaming Factory X AB announces plan to purchase both The Pirate Bay and P2P developer Peerialism , which will provide the new technology to make the site into a legal service .
The Pirate Bay purchase price is SKr60 million .
Pirate Bay admins put up with terrific criticism from the masses who thought they would " fight the Man " indefinitely .
Global Gaming Factory X AB announces plan to purchase both The Pirate Bay and P2P developer Peerialism , which will provide the new technology to make the site into a legal service .
The Pirate Bay purchase price is SKr60 million .
Pirate Bay admins put up with terrific criticism from the masses who thought they would " fight the Man " indefinitely .
Late July :
One of the key media advisors to GGF , former Grokster president Wayne Rosso , walks away from the company and publicly expresses skepticism that the funding is in place and that the deal will go through .
He specifically calls Pandeya 's credibility into question .
One of the key media advisors to GGF , former Grokster president Wayne Rosso , walks away from the company and publicly expresses skepticism that the funding is in place and that the deal will go through .
He specifically calls Pandeya 's credibility into question .
August 25 : GGF CEO
Hans Pandeya authors an odd manifesto ( PDF ) on file - sharing that ends with the assertion , " We want to pay . "
GGF CEO Hans Pandeya authors an odd manifesto ( PDF ) on file - sharing that ends with the assertion , " We want to pay . "
August 27 : GGF holds an " extraordinary general meeting " with shareholders and approves The Pirate Bay acquisition .
On the same day , Swedish stock exchange AktieTorget announced that GGF was being referred to the exchange 's disciplinary committee to see if it should be permanently delisted .
CEO
Hans Pandeya says that he will cover the deal with shares of his own stock if investors do n't appear , but the AktieTorget announcement casts doubt on the feasibility of the scheme .
GGF holds an " extraordinary general meeting " with shareholders and approves The Pirate Bay acquisition .
On the same day , Swedish stock exchange AktieTorget announced that GGF was being referred to the exchange 's disciplinary committee to see if it should be permanently delisted .
CEO
Hans Pandeya says that he will cover the deal with shares of his own stock if investors do n't appear , but the AktieTorget announcement casts doubt on the feasibility of the scheme .
Early September : The Swedish government seizes Pandeya 's car , motorcycle , and eventually his boat to cover an unpaid tax bill of around SKr780,000 .
The Swedish government seizes Pandeya 's car , motorcycle , and eventually his boat to cover an unpaid tax bill of around SKr780,000 .
September 9 : GGF is booted from AktieTorget because it never provided necessary information to shareholders ( such as where all this money is supposedly coming from ) .
Pandeya continues to insist the deal will go through in the next few weeks .
GGF is booted from AktieTorget because it never provided necessary information to shareholders ( such as where all this money is supposedly coming from ) .
Pandeya continues to insist the deal will go through in the next few weeks .
September 16 : GGF moves to a new Swedish stock exchange , Mangold Fondkommission .
GGF moves to a new Swedish stock exchange , Mangold Fondkommission .
September 25 : Pandeya 's former business associate Johan Sellstrom convinces a Swedish court that Pandeya owes him around $ 400,000 , and the state moves to seize Pandeya 's assets .
Pandeya 's former business associate Johan Sellstrom convinces a Swedish court that Pandeya owes him around $ 400,000 , and the state moves to seize Pandeya 's assets .
September 30 : The new deadline for closing the deal passes without comment .
The new deadline for closing the deal passes without comment .
October 1 : Peerialism says that its own deal with GGF has been called off ; what 's more , Peerialism had n't expected the deal to go through for months .
Adding insult to injury , the Swedish government seizes two apartments linked to Pandeya in order to provide more collateral for his debts .
Sure , it could still happen , but the odds of the deal closing now look about as likely as the odds of finding sharks in that water on the moon .
Still , there was some good news for The Pirate Bay this week ( the admins , at least , who have absolutely no connection to the mysterious Reservella ) : a Swedish court has removed one of the lay judges who was to sit on the upcoming appeal .
The lay judge works for Spotify , the Swedish streaming music service that has generated terrific buzz around the world but is also part owned by the major labels .
Was I right not to tell my little girl she was dying ?
After being told 13 - year - old Rachael had months to live her mother hid the truth
Life cut short : Rachael , who died at the age of 17 , never knew how ill she was
Jeanette Gilderdale knew it was bad news before the doctor even said a word .
It was written all over his face .
' How long has she got ? ' she asked .
' Christmas if you 're lucky , ' he replied .
It was now July .
That meant just six months before her 13 - year - old daughter would die .
Jeanette started to cry , but then stopped herself .
She could n't fall apart .
Not now .
She wiped her eyes , shook the doctor 's hand and left , before walking down the hospital corridor to where her daughter , Rachael , and her own mother , Daphne , were sitting .
' What did he want , Mum ? '
Rachael asked .
' Oh nothing , ' shrugged Jeanette with her best attempt at a smile .
' He was going through all the same stuff he told you already , just about the operation . '
In that split second , Jeanette made a vow : she would not tell her daughter the truth about her condition .
' I could n't have her waking up every morning wondering if today was the day , ' says the 49 - year - old nurse from Eastbourne .
' So I made a decision that I 've been criticised for , but which I have never once regretted .
I was not going to tell my daughter she could die . '
Even though Rachael defied doctors ' expectations by living for another four years , her mother never told her about her bleak prognosis .
Jeanette first spotted the mole on the back of her daughter 's right knee in May 1998 .
' It was the first day she 'd had bare legs after a winter in tights and I spotted it straight away , ' says Jeanette .
It was the shape and size of a four - leaf clover .
It was three different shades of brown and was raised and uneven .
I knew it did n't look right .
I 'm a nurse , but it was n't a nursey feeling - it was a mother 's intuition . '
The GP assured them that it was nothing to worry about , but on Jeanette 's insistence agreed to remove it .
The minor surgery was booked for a few weeks later , when Jeanette was due to be on holiday in Malaysia with her sister .
Her mother Daphne was looking after the children , who were on their summer holidays , and agreed to take Rachael to the hospital .
' A week later , Mum got a call from the GP 's surgery , ' says Jeanette .
' The doctor told Mum that the mole was actually cancerous and Rachael needed to be admitted immediately to Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead to have a second biopsy , in which a larger area was removed .
Painful secret : Jeanette Gilderdale decided not to tell her daughter her cancer was terminal
' They wondered whether they should call me back from holiday , but decided against it because I had n't been away in years and they thought I 'd need all the strength I had when I got back . '
So instead , Jeanette faced the bombshell when she came home .
' I noticed the bandage on Rachael 's knee immediately , ' she says .
' She made me a cup of tea and said : " Mum , I have something to tell you ... I have cancer . " '
' I can't remember what I said , I was too shocked , ' continues Jeanette .
' But then my mum said it was skin cancer and I said : " Oh , that 's the best kind of cancer to get , it 's easily cured . "
And that 's what I thought - I just thought they were dangerous moles that could be removed . '
When Jeanette and Rachael went back for the results of the second biopsy , the consultant , Keith Cullen , explained that Rachael had a malignant melanoma - the most dangerous form of skin cancer , which now affects 10,000 Britons a year .
He asked if Rachael had spent a lot of time in the sun - the main cause of the disease .
' I told him she had no interest in sunbathing , ' says Jeanette .
' And I had always been so cautious with the children , who are pale with blonde hair , covering them in sunscreen . '
Mr Cullen said there was no definite explanation - only that there must be a genetic factor involved - even though there is no family history of the condition .
He said that with malignant melanoma , the first line of treatment involved removing the tissue surrounding the mole in the hope of stopping the cancer from spreading .
Only if it had spread would they consider chemotherapy and radiotherapy .
Tragic : Rachael , who died a month before her 18th birthday with her mother Jeanette
' But it was n't until he called me back in , when Rachael was getting dressed in a side room , that I realised how serious it was , ' says Jeanette .
' He explained that malignant melanomas are measured on a scale of one to five .
Level one is the least dangerous and level five is fatal .
Rachael was the top of four .
He gave her six months before the cancer would spread to other organs and kill her .
I did n't ask him any questions .
I just walked out .
' I just could n't believe it .
How can you tell a 13 - year - old that she 's going to die ?
You can't .
I did n't want her living with fear .
I wanted her to have a normal life , however much of it she had left .
So I put my tears in my pocket and pulled out my smile .
And I kept that smile for the next four years . '
The only person Jeanette told about her daughter 's death sentence was her mother , who also agreed not to tell Rachael .
' I had no doubts as to my decision .
There was no dilemma about telling her father , my ex-husband .
He had nothing to do with his children after I left him .
And I could n't tell her brother Christopher , who was just two years older , because they fought like cat and dog and I did n't want him saying it to her in the middle of a row .
' The school knew she was having the operation , but I never told them the prognosis .
I knew the more people I told , the greater the chance she would find out .
And I did n't want that to happen . '
Four days later Rachael had emergency surgery at St George 's Hospital in London , to remove almost half of the flesh and muscle from her calf and all the lymph nodes at the back of her knee .
As far as Rachael was concerned , the operation would fix the problem .
' She was in a wheelchair at home for the first couple of weeks while the wound healed , but she did n't complain , ' says Jeanette .
And two weeks later there was good news .
' When we went back a fortnight later to have the stitches removed , this new consultant believed that they 'd managed to remove all the cancerous tissue .
It also did n't look like it had spread to the lymph nodes .
' I was elated - his opinion was a far cry from the first consultant's .
He told us that if we got to five years we could say she was in remission .
We left the hospital that day with hope . '
Indeed , as Rachael 's four - monthly and then six - monthly check - ups passed without problems , their hope was rewarded .
' When she first returned to school she was bullied for her unsightly scar , but Rachael was mature and coped with it .
She hated going for check - ups , but beyond that we never talked about what had happened to her , ' says Jeanette .
Instead , she became exactly what she should have been : a normal teenager .
' We'd have the usual mother - daughter rows about playing music too loud and not coming home on time .
' She got a boyfriend , passed her GCSEs and went to sixth - form college .
She was hoping to join the RAF one day , ' says Jeanette .
' Throughout this time , I also tried to cram in as much as we could .
We went on holiday to Florida and took lots of day trips . '
But the burden of keeping the secret took its toll on Jeanette .
' I would have nightmares about the cancer spreading around Rachael 's body , ' she says .
' My only release was going to my mother 's house , where I 'd cry for hours .
It was a huge burden for her , too , she was - and still is - my rock . '
Happy memories : Rachael as a little girl celebrating Christmas with her mum and grandmother Daphne Grenall
It was n't until October 2001 when Rachael was 17 - four years after the first diagnosis - that she started to feel unwell .
At first , it was severe period pains and lower - back pain .
The GP said it was probably just hormonal , but referred her for bone scans to be safe .
They came back clear .
Then came diarrhoea , which was dismissed as a tummy bug .
Throughout this time Rachael continued to go to school , but Jeanette was getting increasingly worried .
' We had been warned to look out for lumps in her armpits , groin or breasts - and , of course , changing moles .
And these other symptoms seemed so unrelated .
But I felt in the pit of my stomach that something was wrong . '
Then one morning in March 2002 , after weeks fighting a chest infection that she could n't shake off - which again was put down to just a normal infection - Rachael fainted while stepping into the bath .
' I heard a thud and found her unconscious .
She had cut her face badly on the plug hole and was bleeding heavily . '
' Rachael was rushed to hospital , where she regained consciousness .
The doctor accused her of drinking the night before and she shouted at him : " I was n't drunk , I 'm sick . "
' But when they asked about any significant health problems and we mentioned the melanoma , he was extremely dismissive .
I might just as well have told him she liked Toffee Crisps , for all the interest he showed .
She was sent home with stitches .
' After that , Rachael never really recovered and was unable to go back to college .
A few weeks later she found a lump in her breast .
I felt it and told her not to worry , that we all get those from time to time , depending on the time of the month , but I felt sick to my stomach and I could tell she was terrified . '
Just one month later , after a biopsy of her left breast , the worst was confirmed : the cancer was back .
' We were in the hospital and she turned to me and said : " Mum , I 'm dying . "
It was the first time Rachael had talked to me about her health , the first time she 'd said the " D " word .
' But I still could n't bring myself to tell her the truth , so I held her and said : " No darling , I wo n't let them . "
I do n't know who I meant by " them " .
' She started to shout at me .
I do n't remember what she said - she just had to vent her frustration at knowing that she was going to die .
I tried to hold her and calm her down and then she went in on herself , saying nothing .
It broke my heart that I could not make it better . '
At this point , with time running out , Jeanette knew she could n't keep this a secret from the family any longer .
' I phoned everybody from the hospital .
They were n't angry at me , but they could n't understand how I 'd coped with keeping this to myself .
' I did n't expect the reaction we got from Rachael 's dad .
The last time he'd seen her she was five years old , but he drove through the night , down from Middlesbrough , and turned up at the hospital in the morning .
Christopher also came back from university and was utterly distraught . '
Over the next few days - before any treatment had started - the full horror of Rachael 's condition emerged as more scans were taken .
' There was a tumour on her ovary the size of a grapefruit .
She also had something in her bowel and in her throat ; she was literally riddled with it , ' says Jeanette .
Her lips started to go blue with poor circulation and a scan showed there was melanoma in her heart .
' As Rachael started getting confused , it emerged she also had a tumour in her brain .
The speed with which it progressed was horrific .
She could walk when they found cancer in the breast - 36 hours later , she could n't even sit up in bed .
' We all stayed by her side for two weeks .
She was just six weeks from her 18th birthday , so we 'd spend hours talking about what she 'd like to do .
But every day she became more tired .'
Poll
Would you tell your child if they were terminally ill ?
Yes No Would you tell your child if they were terminally ill ?
Yes 1485 votes
No 3347 votes
Now share your opinion
She was never told the extent of her cancer .
The doctors said that if she asked , they would have to say , but she never did .
After two weeks in hospital and one round of chemotherapy - which doctors hoped would keep Rachael alive long enough to see her 18th birthday - her care became palliative and she was sent home with morphine and anti-sickness pills .
Nurses from Macmillan and the local hospice stayed in the house , along with Rachael 's father and Jeanette 's parents .
' The first week , Rachael was conscious and chatty .
' I slept in a camp bed next to her in the living room .
But then she deteriorated , rapidly .
' I could n't touch her because it was too painful .
She used to say : " Mummy , the sheets hurt . "
In the second week , she started to go in and out of a coma .
At this stage , I wanted it to be over - there is nothing worse than seeing your child in pain . '
Then on May 16 at 2.50 pm
Rachael took her final breath in her mother 's arms - a month before her 18th birthday .
For her funeral the family had a party with hot dogs , which was what she 'd planned to have for her birthday party .
' Seven years on , I think of her every minute of every day , ' says Jeanette .
' Some days I miss her so much it's hard to stop myself from collapsing in a heap in the corner and never getting up .
' I know she was my daughter and was with me for 17 years , but sometimes I think , did I just dream her ? '
On top of her job as a nurse , Jeanette now devotes much of her time to fundraising for Rachael 's House , a charity she has started to provide holiday respite care for teenagers with cancer .
She says that she never regrets the decision she made to keep Rachael 's condition from her , despite being criticised by friends who believe Rachael had the right to know .
' Nobody knows how they 'll react in that situation , ' she says .
' One minute she was 13 with her whole life ahead of her , the next everything is turned upside down .
' I still argue that I did the right thing .
People should n't condemn me for what I did , but I take great comfort knowing that my daughter had almost four years of going to bed every night believing she would wake up the next morning .
' She had four years of being a normal teenager , not four years of fear and dread .
' I doubt she would have lived as long as she did if she 'd known - she would have given up . '
• www.rachaelshouse.org.uk
Miguel Padilla ran away from a licensed group home in April 2008 , but he did n’t go far .
Unknown to anyone at the time , the 17 - year - old amputee made his way to a stand of trees near the main driveway .
Using his one arm , he climbed into the branches , tied a makeshift noose to a limb and hanged himself .
Nine days passed before a staffer found his body at the sprawling LeRoy Haynes Center in LaVerne , coroner ’s records show -- and then only by chance .
“ To our knowledge there was no search by LeRoy ’s or any other authority , ” said Dave Rentz , the boy ’s minister .
Miguel Padilla died much as he had lived : alone and out of sight , his suicide the final step in a failed journey through Los Angeles County ’s child welfare and juvenile justice systems .
At least 268 children who had passed through the child welfare system died from January 2008 through early August 2009 , according to internal county records obtained by The Times .
They show that 213 were by unnatural or undetermined causes , including 76 homicides , 35 accidents and 16 suicides .
Eighteen of the fatalities were deemed the direct result of abuse or neglect by a caregiver , subjecting them to public disclosure under a recent state law aimed at prevention .
But Miguel and many others perished all but invisibly , their deaths attracting little or no public scrutiny .
Through interviews and previously confidential records , The Times examined his death and that of Lazhanae Harris , a 13 - year - old girl slain in March .
Both underscore systemic failings , particularly the risks of losing track of abused kids as they commit crimes and “ cross over ” to the justice system , or as they move through multiple state - licensed homes .
Together , they also illustrate the range of flaws in a system in which choices sometimes boil down to leaving children with families that ca n’t or wo n’t care for them , or placing them in foster homes that are no better -- and are sometimes worse .
Trish Ploehn , director of the L.A. County Department of Children and Family Services , said such deaths , though horrific , do not represent the vast majority of the thousands of cases her agency handles each year .
“ The tragic lives and deaths of Miguel and Lazhanae only begin to scratch the surface of the extremely difficult , complex and complicated family circumstances that DCFS social workers are faced with every day , ” Ploehn said .
“ It is very rare for a child to die of abuse or neglect while in the care or under the supervision of DCFS , ” she added , “ and we consistently work to perfect our performance to help keep children safe , even after they leave our protection and supervision . ”
Ploehn said efforts are under way to improve collaboration between juvenile justice and child welfare officials and to intervene swiftly in the lives of troubled families .
By almost any measure , Miguel ’s life would fit the definition of mistreatment :
He was abandoned by his mother , largely neglected by his father and left to struggle with untreated medical problems and depression most of his life .
By the time he died , however , he ’d broken the law and moved from the care of the county ’s children ’s services department to that of its Probation Department , which oversees 20,000 juvenile offenders .
Up to half have a history with the child welfare agency , Probation Department Director Robert Taylor said .
Ploehn said the proportion was far lower .
In Miguel ’s case , interviews and records show , the county failed him time and again -- not finding him a stable home , not addressing emotional problems that contributed to his delinquency , not even looking for him when he disappeared .
When the County Children ’s Commission , a panel appointed by the Board of Supervisors , took the extraordinary step of reviewing Miguel ’s death and four others among abused children on probation last year , it found “ serious and consistent deficiencies ” in their care .
Four were suicides and one died of disease .
“ Had the system met its responsibilities , the committee believes that some of these suicidal youth might have made healthier choices and the fifth might have had his health complaints acted upon more timely , ” the commission said in a confidential draft report prepared for county supervisors and obtained by The Times .
The draft was never issued in final form .
Abandoned at 10
Miguel Angel Padilla Jr. was born in February 1991 at a Sylmar hospital and later moved with his family to Mexico , where he had two accidents that would shape his life .
When he was about 9 , he touched a metal rod to a power line while playing on an apartment building rooftop .
He was seriously burned and lost his right arm below the elbow .
He later lost the sight in his left eye when a firecracker shattered a pop bottle in his face .
At age 10 , he lost his mother , who took his three siblings to Texas and started a new life without him , according to interviews and child welfare records obtained through a court petition .
“ Minor ’s mother left him when he was little and has never made any attempt to visit or call , ” a social worker ’s report noted in August 2004 .
Shortly after Miguel ’s mother left , the boy and his father , Miguel Padilla Sr. , moved back to Southern California , to the Santa Clarita Valley community of Newhall .
The father worked odd jobs and spent much of his time in Mexico .
The boy was raised mainly by his elderly paternal great - grandmother , Maria Arriaga Hernandez , who by all accounts , including her own , was ill - equipped to care for him .
“ She had no real control , ” said Rentz , a minister who was close to the family , “ but she provided the best she could . ”
The family first came to the attention of the children ’s services department in April 2003 , when social workers substantiated allegations that Miguel ’s father had neglected the 12 - year - old ’s medical , dental and emotional needs .
Their report cited the father ’s “ lack of cooperation , ” poverty and limited job skills .
Records also noted Miguel ’s suicidal tendencies , which his father attributed to ridicule from other children about his disability .
“ Miguel sometimes seems to have a hard time processing information , ” a follow - up report stated , adding that he used poor judgment and seemed depressed .
Records show that Arriaga , then in her late 80s , went to Mexico with his father for long stretches , leaving the boy with friends or relatives .
Although social workers visited regularly and drafted a mandatory action plan , even its clearest goals -- to get Miguel to school regularly and to get him a prosthetic arm -- were never achieved , documents show .
Arriaga told social workers repeatedly that she had trouble comprehending what they said , even though they spoke Spanish .
On the signature line of the parenting plan , she scratched an X .
Even so , there is no evidence that the children ’s services department tried to remove the boy and find him a more stable environment .
When a reporter visited Arriaga recently at her apartment in Newhall , she referred questions to Miguel Sr. , 45 .
In an interview , he acknowledged that he lives much of the time in Mexico , where he has two other children .
He was unable to drive Miguel to his appointments , he said , because he ’d lost his license and was jailed for driving under the influence .
But he denied that he neglected his son or that the boy was emotionally troubled .
He suspects foul play in the death , not suicide .
“ My son did n’t have no problems , ” Padilla said .
“ He was just a fighter , that ’s all , and when I was n’t around for a while he got away from his grandma .
She ’s old and she could n’t handle him too good . ”
Child welfare records paint a bleaker portrait , saying Miguel sometimes refused to eat and locked himself in the bathroom for hours , crying .
At school , he ’d skip recess .
“ He said at school he stays in the classroom because he can’t make friends , except for the second or third graders because they are nicer to him , ” a social worker wrote in June 2004 , when he was 13 .
That spring , Miguel was measured for a prosthetic arm he desperately wanted .
Months later , he had to be re-measured ; he ’d missed so many appointments his size had changed .
Meanwhile , he wore a down jacket to hide his disability , said Denise Tomey , executive director of the Carousel Ranch in Santa Clarita , where he spent six months in a riding program for disabled kids .
“ He had no self esteem , ” Tomey said in an interview .
“ He walked with his head down and he wore that heavy jacket , even if it was 105 degrees out .
He thought people judged him because he was missing an arm . ”
Tomey and Rentz both remembered the boy showing a softer side , such as when he helped other kids at the ranch learn to ride and groom horses .
“ I have a heart , ” he told a probation officer in March 2006 .
“ I care about people .
When I have opportunity to do something really bad I think about it . ”
But he also had a penchant for trouble :
He faced charges for allegedly threatening and assaulting a teacher .
He also was accused of burglarizing a home , vandalizing cars and tagging a fence with gang graffiti .
Cumulatively the charges were enough to land Miguel in the care of the Probation Department and in a succession of juvenile hall and group home placements .
Along the way , probation reports show , he joined a Newhall gang ; picked up the nicknames “ Little Shadow ” and “ Lefty ” ; and told authorities he used marijuana and alcohol .
He liked school but was “ not that smart , ” he said , and during one stretch of heavy absenteeism he pulled straight Fs .
By May 2006 , his great - grandmother was overwhelmed .
“ I can not take him , ” she told probation officials .
“ He is not well .
He asks me to make him well .
. . .
He yells out loud to me , ‘ Cure me . ’ ”
Miguel spent the last two years of his life in multiple placements , running away at least once before going to the Haynes Center .
One probation report called him “ a continual behavior problem . ”
While Miguel was in juvenile detention , psychiatrist Saul Niedorf concluded that the boy ’s impulse control had been impaired by brain damage from the electrocution .
Until then , apparently , no one had considered that possibility .
Niedorf recommended a “ structured , therapeutic setting ” for Miguel , and he was sent to the Haynes Center , which is licensed to house 72 boys , in January 2008 .
The day after his last court hearing that month , his father and great - grandmother left for Mexico , asking a social worker to visit him in their absence .
In a March 2008 letter seeking official permission to stop by , the social worker said Miguel had had no weekend visitors for two months .
“ I have been informed that the minor has been struggling lately and I believe he may benefit from the interaction , ” she wrote .
A month later he hanged himself .
Taylor , the county ’s probation chief , defended his department ’s handling of the case but acknowledged that the death highlighted the need to better understand why so many children who pass through the child welfare system end up in the care of his agency .
In hindsight , Taylor said , it might have been better if Miguel at a much earlier age had been placed with someone other than his elderly great - grandmother .
“ Finding someone who would have been a better caregiver might have resulted in a different outcome , ” he said .
“ You just do n’t know . ”
As for youngsters who go AWOL from Probation , Taylor said , about 300 were missing at the time Miguel disappeared and he does n’t have the staff to track them down .
Dan Maydeck , president and chief executive of the LeRoy Haynes Center , declined to comment , citing legal and contractual restrictions .
Miguel ’s death signifies a much broader problem , said Miriam Long , a Los Angeles deputy mayor who worked on children ’s issues as an aide to former county Supervisor Yvonne B. Burke .
“ A lot of these kids have mental health problems that should have been addressed much earlier in their lives , ” she said .
“ Without sounding too much like a bleeding heart liberal , because I ’m not one , they could have been redeemed . ”
But Long said they can be difficult , and many adults would rather not deal with them .
“ The teachers were happy when they were finally washed out and gone , ” Long said .
“ DCFS was happy when they were gone to Probation , and Probation was glad they were gone and went AWOL . ”
Before her retirement last year , Burke got board approval to have Probation search for AWOL children and report any deaths confidentially to supervisors .
Seeing no action , her successor , Mark Ridley - Thomas , got the board last month to reiterate Burke ’s order .
“ They do n’t get it , ” he said of the department .
Tomey , the ranch director , knows only that children like Miguel can be helped .
“ He really was one of those kids that , if he ’d been in the right situation , he would have ended up being a totally different person , ” she said .
“ His life could have turned out OK , or not .
Tragically , it did not . ”
kim.christensen@latimes.com
garrett.therolf@latimes.com
Times database editor Doug Smith contributed to this report .
Gains in speed , quality and current over conventional production techniques hold promise for both research and commercial production
Santa Barbara , CA -- October 18 , 2009 -- Professor Guillermo Bazan and a team of postgraduate researchers at UC Santa Barbara 's Center for Polymers and Organic Solids ( CPOS ) today announced a major advance in the synthesis of organic polymers for plastic solar cells .
Bazan 's team :
reduced reaction time by 99 % , from 48 hours to 30 minutes , and
increased average molecular weight of the polymers by a factor of more than 3 .
The reduced reaction time effectively cuts production time for the organic polymers by nearly 50 % , since reaction time and purification time are approximately equal in the production process , in both laboratory and commercial environments .
The higher molecular weight of the polymers , reflecting the creation of longer chains of the polymers , has a major benefit in increasing current density in plastic solar cells by as much as a factor of more than four .
Over polymer batches with varying average molecular weights , produced using varying combinations of the elements of the new methodology , the increase in current density was found to be approximately proportional to the increase in average molecular weight .
The methodology , detailed in a Nature Chemistry paper published online today and slated for later inclusion in the print publication , " will greatly accelerate research in this area , " stated Bazan , " by making possible the rapid production of different batches of polymers for evaluation . "
He further noted , " We plan to take advantage of this approach both to generate new materials that will increase solar cell efficiencies and operational lifetimes , and to reevaluate previously - considered polymer structures that should exhibit much higher performance than they showed initially . "
To make these gains , the team :
Replaced conventional thermal heating with microwave heating , modified reactant concentrations , and varied the ratio of reactants by only 5 % from the nominal 1:1 stoichiometric ratio normally employed in polymerization reactions .
Mike McGehee , Director of Stanford 's Center for Advanced Molecular Photovoltaics , hailed Bazan 's work , commenting , " Many synthetic chemists around the world are making copolymers with alternating donor and acceptors to attain low bandgaps .
Most of them are having trouble attaining adequate molecular weight , so this new synthetic method that creates longer polymer chains is a real breakthrough .
The reduction in synthesis time should also make it easier to optimize the chemical structure as the research moves forward and will ultimately reduce the manufacturing cost . "
###
Bazan is a Professor of Chemistry and of Materials at UC Santa Barbara , and is co-director of CPOS and a faculty member at the NSF - funded Materials Research Laboratory .
Links :
Nature Chemistry paper :
http://dx. doi. org/ 10 . 1038 / NCHEM . 403
Center for Polymers and Organic Solids ( CPOS ) :
http://www. ipos. ucsb . edu /
Bazan Research Group :
http://www. chem. ucsb. edu/ ~bazangroup /
Bazan Personal Website :
http://www. mrl. ucsb. edu/ mrl/ faculty / bazan .
html
About the Center for Polymers and Organic Solids
The Center for Polymers and Organic Solids ( CPOS ) at UC Santa Barbara is a widely multidisciplinary organization that focuses on the science and engineering of organic semiconducting and light - harvesting materials for plastic electronics and for biological sensors with heightened sensitivity .
About the College of Engineering at UC Santa Barbara
The College of Engineering at UC Santa Barbara is a global leader in materials science , bioengineering , chemical and computational engineering , nanotechnology , and physics .
UCSB boasts five Nobel Laureates ( four in sciences and engineering ) and one winner of the prestigious international Millennium Technology Prize .
Our students , faculty , and staff thrive in a uniquely - successful interdisciplinary and entrepreneurial culture .
Our professors ' research is among the most cited by their peers , evidence of the significance and relevance of their work .
For years we have disseminated reports documenting one after another uncovered case of corruption demonstrating that so - called " peer review " is a sham : clinical trials , journal publications , and the practice of medicine have been corrupted by the commercial influence of pharmaceutical companies .
Today ’s New York Times reports ( below ) that " court documents provide a paper trail showing that Wyeth contracted with a medical communications company to outline articles , draft them and then solicit top physicians to sign their names , even though many of the doctors contributed little or no writing . "
It is a sordid example of corruption in medicine , but hardly unique .
In this case , 26 ghostwritten articles signed by prominent academic Obg / Gyn physicians , were published in 18 journals , promoting Wyeth ’s hormone replacement therapy , Premarin–a treatment that has been linked to increased breast cancer , stoke , and dementia .
The issue of ghostwritten promotional articles , signed by prominent academic scientists at prestigious medical centers , is not a newly discovered form of corruption .
It was raised as early as 1998 ( Carey , Fontarosa , et al ) [ 1 ] .
Last year , an article in the Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) revealed that Merck commissioned ghostwriters to produce dozens of articles pushing Vioxx , a drug that caused thousnads of cardiac deaths .
And this year , documents uncovered in an Australian court showed that Merck even commissioned a fake journal published by Elsevier : “ The drug company also allegedly produced an entire journal — called The Australasian Journal of Bone and Joint Medicine — and passed it off as an independent peer review publication . ”
http://www.the-scientist.com/blog/print/55671/
Eli Lilly paid ghostwriters to push Zyprexa ; and Pfizer - funded ghostwriters generated 85 articles about Zoloft in the late 1990s , according to the British Journal of Psychiatry . [ 2 ]
Yet , no meaningful disciplinary action has been taken against anyone : academics continue to append their name to ghostwritten articles for cash ; journals taken no steps to cleanse the medical - scientific literature of ghostwritten , hence , fraudulent articles ; nor have steps even been taken to bring transparency to " peer review . "
Our view that this is an endemic problem linked to industry ’s influence on medicine , is corroborated by a spokesman for Wyeth who acknowledged that " pharmaceutical companies routinely hired medical writing companies to assist authors in drafting manuscripts . "
When a High School student pens his name to an article written by someone else , it ’s called cheating , earning the student an F grade and precluding entry into a reputable college .
Should n’t we expect medical professionals at major academic institutions to , at the very least , adhere to academic standards required of High School students ?
Dr. Daniel Carlat suggests that the proper collective response from all of the participants in fraud should have been :
" We sincerely apologize for having deceived the medical community by engaging in ghostwriting without disclosure .
We have contributed to the erosion of the public ’s trust in medicine , and we regret it . "
But then , aganin , the participants in fraud have no shame–they only value cash !
References :
1. Flanagin A , Carey LA , Fontanarosa PB , Phillips SG , Pace BP , et al. ( 1998 ) Prevalence of articles with honorary authors and ghost authors in peer - reviewed medical journals .
JAMA 280 : 222–224 .
2. Healy D , Cattell D ( 2003 )
Interface between authorship , industry and science in the domain of therapeutics .
Br J Psychiatry 183 : 22–27 .
Posted by Vera Sharav
2 HDs are mounted at a 90 degree angle .
The bolts to fasten are non-metric :
In Europe , the threads of these case screws are totally incompatible with anything , so the only way to fasten the HDs is to use the existing case screws from a discarded computer , which means they can only be mounted on a metal sheet or strip .
( Case screws .
These screws are six - gauge wire with 32 threads per inch American National Coarse Thread ( UNC ) machine screws that are cut to accept a both a Phillips No. 2 screwdriver and a 1/4 inch hex driver and are 5/16 inch long . )
Wikipedia .
Of course , the prime candidate for this is the disk holder in the discarded computer :
It has all the screw holes already in the right place .
This way , 2 strips have to be cut from these parts , and have to be mounted squarely .
I was not able to find an old computer before the deadline ( contest ! ) , so I mounted both on a wide strip of aluminum , 2 mm thick .
This strip is mounted on the lower part of the enclosure .
The HDs : nothing inside is changed .
I had some old 5400 RPM HDs laying around , although having a small memory size ( 2.1 and 4.3 Gb ) , they still work fine .
They still can be used as ' image tanks ' ; dual use .
Put rubber spacers between HDs and the mount to get rid of any high frequency vibrations produced by the HDs .
Note : Taking these HDs into the field , the data they contain might not survive the rugged environment , or rough treatment .
Shock damage might cause loss of data .
Where do testers fit in on an Agile team ?
As a company transitions to Agile , are testers expected to do pretty much what we did before , just faster ?
At this talk , you ’ll hear how Agile methods encourage tester involvement upstream , and how this increases the value of testers and makes our jobs more engaging and rewarding .
Superfreakonomics is a super freaking mess .
US publisher Harper Collins promotes the sequel to the pop-economics bestseller Freakonomics , authored by economist Steven Levitt and journalist Stephen Dubner , as " bigger , more provocative , and sure to challenge the way we think all over again " .
Too often , however , the book provokes by just getting things wrong – including matters involving life and death .
Levitt and Dubner begin by arguing that if you 're intoxicated , " driving is safer than walking " – based not on actual research but on " shoddy statistical work " .
The authors boast about their time spent interviewing a $ 500 - an - hour call girl , describing her as " essentially a trophy wife who is rented by the hour " , while getting the economics and history of prostitution wrong .
But the most serious concerns are raised by their treatment of climate change .
Superfreakonomics promotes a contrarian view of climate change , calling global warming a " religion " and lionising Microsoft billionaire and scientific dilettante Nathan Myhrvold .
Myhrvold unscientifically pooh - poohs solar power and promotes the " cheap and simple " solution to global warming of pumping sulfur dioxide into the stratosphere to blot out the sun .
But this Bond - villain fantasy solution cannot come to pass , the Superfreaks bemoan , because the " people like Al Gore " think " it 's nuts " .
The chapter " What do Al Gore and Mount Pinatubo have in common ? " essentially cribs from previous contrarian work , repeating confused arguments against climate science by conservative columnist George Will , and following slavishly a 2006 Rolling Stone profile by Jeff Goodell of Star - Wars physicist Lowell Wood and climate scientist Ken Caldeira .
Like Will , Levitt and Dubner complain about a " drumbeat of doom " growing louder from " doomsayers " even though a " little - discussed fact about global warming , " is that the average global temperature " has in fact decreased " .
Of course , this " little - discussed fact " is one of the most popular canards among global warming sceptics – from Tea Party activists to the heads of the American Farm Bureau and the US Chamber of Commerce – and this decade is the warmest in recorded history .
The Superfreaks also repeat Will 's obsession with a supposed consensus about " global cooling " in the 1970s , falsely portraying articles that discussed scientific controversy over a wide array of climatic changes as " predicting the effects of global cooling " .
Most tellingly , Levitt and Dubner shockingly misrepresent the one climate scientist they interviewed , the Carnegie Institution 's Ken Caldeira , a renowned climate modeler .
They say Caldeira believes that " carbon dioxide is not the right villain in this fight " .
In fact , Caldeira says , " Carbon dioxide is the right villain . "
They say Caldeira has found that trees are an " environmental scourge " .
In fact , Caldeira , whose research actually finds that tropical and boreal forests have different effects on climate change , has written that " Clear - cutting mountains to slow climate change is , of course , nuts . "
They write Caldeira " endorses " the " solution " of injecting millions of tons of sulfur dioxide into the stratosphere as a response to global warming – forever .
In fact , " geo -engineering is not an alternative to carbon emissions reductions , " Caldeira has explained .
" If emissions keep going up and up , and you use geo - engineering as a way to deal with it , it 's pretty clear the endgame of that process is pretty ugly . "
It would be , he says , " a dystopic world out of a science fiction story " .
" As a long - term strategy , " Caldeira said in 2006 , " it 's nuts . "
After economists , scientists , journalists and energy experts condemned Superfreakonomics for its error - ridden , fatuous contrarianism , the authors reacted with rage and confusion , accusing critics of ideological bias , falsehood and smears .
Superfreakonomics is a circus sideshow .
Levitt and Dubner may think they 're being super , but this time they 're actually just the freaks .
Hank is the worst new show this season .
Yes , worse than mercy and Trauma .
The jokes kept coming , but they were simply not funny .
I have a question : if a joke is not funny , is it a joke ?
About 2 minutes 20 seconds in , I was ready to stop watching , but continued for the sake of reviewing .
This was after a horrible and stupid Yoda impression by Hank 's hyper kid .
The premise may have been workable ;
Hank is a rich guy who lost it all and has to move back to his hometown .
Hank was to learn about his family which is really weird .
His son runs around doing Yoda impressions and his daughter talks on her cellphone .
Then the hilarity ensues , except it does n't .
The show roams aimlessly from one random situation to another , each as unfunny as the next .
The casting was questionable .
None of the character 's , including Kelsey Grammer were particularly funny .
They tried , but given the material , I 'm not sure they could have done better .
With other good comedies on ABC the same night , I 'm not going to touch this again .
Score : 5.0/10
Shot , Frozen and Burnt Sweden Turning Stray Rabbits Into Biofuel
Stray rabbits are getting a raw deal in Sweden .
Thousands of them living in the center of Stockholm are being culled , deep frozen and converted into biofuel for heating homes .
Wildlife campaigners have criticized the practice .
How do people choose a name for their child ?
Researchers have long noted that the overall popularity of a name exerts a strong influence on people 's preferences — more popular names , such as Robert or Susan , are more frequent and , by their sheer ubiquity , drive more parents to adopt a similar choice .
However , new research by psychologists at New York University and Indiana University , Bloomington suggests that the change in popularity of a name over time increasingly influences naming decisions in the United States .
Like momentum traders in the stock market , parents today appear to favor names that have recently risen in popularity relative to names that are on the decline .
The research , which is relevant to understanding how people 's everyday decisions are influenced by aggregate cultural processes , was conducted by Todd Gureckis , an assistant professor of psychology at NYU , and Robert Goldstone , a professor of psychological and brain sciences at Indiana University .
It appears in the journal Topics in Cognitive Science .
" Our results give support to the idea that individual naming choices are in a large part determined by the social environment that expecting parents experience , " the authors wrote .
" Like the stock market , cycles of boom and bust appear arise out of the interactions of a large set of agents who are continually influencing one another . "
The NYU and Indiana researchers also note this pattern is a relatively new phenomenon .
In the late 19th and early 20th century , the popularity of a name from one year to the next was correlated with a decrease in future popularity .
The changing pattern , the authors suggest , arises from biases in how people estimate the overall desirability of cultural tokens like names .
That is , tokens that are recently outpacing their long - term popularity are seen as better choices than those that appear to be falling out of favor .
The findings were based on a historical record of the frequency that particular names were given to babies over the last 127 years in the United States provided by the U.S. Social Security Administration .
Existing accounts of cultural evolution suggest that it is primarily the frequency of the token ( i.e. , name ) in a parent 's social environment that should drive aggregate patterns of name choice .
However , by sorting through names and watching the way they rise and fall in popularity over time , the authors noted that many names appear to take surprisingly smooth trajectories through time such that increasing popularity one year is often associated with increasing popularity the next .
Moreover , this trend has become more pronounced over the years .
In order to better quantify this effect , the authors analyzed the probability that a name goes up or down from one year to the next , given that it went up or down in the time period before .
They found that around the turn of the last century ( 1880 to 1905 ) names tended to fluctuate in overall frequency from one year to the next .
A name that increased its relative frequency one year was more likely to decrease rather than increase in frequency the following year .
Similarly , decreases in frequency were more likely to be followed by increases than further decreases .
However , more recently ( 1981 to 2006 ) , names moved in consistent ways such that a change in popularity in one year was predictive of the same direction of change the following year .
Thus , names appear to carry with them a " momentum " that tends to push changes in popularity in the same direction year after year .
" Parents in the United States are increasingly sensitive to the change in frequency of a name in recent time , such that names that are gaining in popularity are seen as more desirable than those that have fallen in popularity in the recent past , " the authors noted .
" This bias then becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy : names that are falling continue to fall while names on the rise reach new heights of popularity , in turn influencing a new generation of parents . "
In the paper , the authors develop and test a number of formal models of cultural evolution in order to quantify the sources of bias that influence people 's naming decisions .
In particular , the authors incorporated well - known aspects of cognitive processing , including the way that novelty and familiarity bias our preferences .
The authors found that a model that assumes that names which are outpacing their long - term popularity are preferentially selected better explains the distribution of names over time than do models which leave out this assumption .
The researchers argue that baby names provide a unique opportunity for studying the intersection of individual and group decision making for the following reasons :
It 's an important decision upon which parents devote significant time and energy ;
There are extensive historical records , making possible the detailed measurement of these choices and the social context in which those decisions were made ; Certain names ( e.g. , " Joshua " , a popular name in 2007 ) do not appear to carry more intrinsic economic value than other names ( e.g. , " Damarion , " an uncommon boys name the same year ) ; and , Baby names are not subject to the forces of marketing or advertising — factors that may complicate the analysis of other type of culturally - relevant decisions such as fashion or music preferences .
The work was supported by grants from the National Institute of Mental Health , which is part of the National Institutes of Health , and the National Science Foundation .
Because it ’s a subliminal argument .
Or an aspirational one .
Or at least flippancy is .
Or , well , wait :
Imagine a spectrum lying across the ways we communicate .
One end represents being flippant , funny , referential , snarky , and concise — zingers and one - liners and sarcasm .
The other end represents being earnest , thorough , measured , charitable , and serious .
The difference between these things is n’t just formality , or good faith versus snideness ; it ’s the assumptions you ’re making of the people you ’re talking to .
Flippancy works best for people who already agree with you in principle .
Jokes and references have to be gotten ; irony and sarcasm need to be picked up .
They ’re fun when they ’re for you .
The earnest , thorough stuff , on the other hand , has to waste its fun doing the boring work of reaching out to all possible listeners — explaining where it ’s coming from , inserting caveats , acknowledging exceptions and counter - arguments , etc .
It builds a case ; flippancy gets to just dance entertainingly on a case .
One is the way you talk to people who get you , the other is the way you explain yourself to people who do n’t .
Teenagers are really amazing at one and often really poor at the other ; they like being gotten , and they have n’t collected much information yet about what other people ’s assumptions even are .
So you might have been forgiven , back in the early days of the internet , for assuming the medium would encourage the earnest - and - thorough method of communication .
This is , after all , a tool that allows you to post up your speech for anyone on the planet to look at ; it ’s the whole logical extreme of a big crowd you do n’t know .
And you ’d have sounded right for a while , after which you ’d have sounded embarrassingly dead wrong .
The internet ’s encouraged the opposite ; it ’s raised flippancy and reference and concise snarky zingers to whole new levels of sophistication , and it winds up using them like subcultures have always used inside knowledge and slang — to draw lines between audiences .
( “ Lady , if you have to ask , you ’ll never know . ” )
This serves a really vital purpose on the internet , which lacks all the cues the physical world uses to tell people where they ’re standing and who they ’re talking to : geography and age and dress and all that jazz .
On the internet there ’s just rhetoric and visual rhetoric on a screen , and the more assumptions that stuff makes of its audience , about what they ’ll expect and agree with and what they ’ll get , the more effectively it draws a line between who ’s really hearing its speech and who ’s merely overhearing it — between who knows and who has to ask .
Flippancy is more fun .
The work of reaching out and explaining things is potentially dull and time - wasting ; it ’s just plain funnier and more exciting and more gratifying to be on the inside of shared assumptions .
( We like talking to friends , not strangers . )
The histories of a lot of message boards and comments boxes can be traced out along these lines : they begin with a few people earnestly explaining themselves to one another , finding common assumptions and common ground and welcoming newcomers ; then they grow , and their shared assumptions solidify , and they get flip and concise and referential and giggle at newcomers who stumble in and Have to Ask .
And if flippancy is more fun then it ’s also more attractive .
Much like the coolest kid in middle school , it ’s funny and it ’s exclusive and it ’s confident of being understood by just the right people — maybe even especially when it ’s being superior and snarky and speaking at someone else ’s expense .
It can be so attractive , in fact , that you want to share its assumptions , whatever they are .
It ’s not addressing those assumptions , or earnestly explaining them to you in some dull droning unfunny voice , but you want to share them even more , because you aspire to be on the right side of the cool person ’s joke .
You might not even think about those assumptions , or notice yourself adopting them .
Which means flippancy and snark can be convincing , substantively convincing , without even making an argument .
They convince socially , not rhetorically .
Being convinced socially is n’t anything complicated or new , not in the least ; what ’s impressive is how effectively the internet has picked it up in a world where there should n’t , technically , even be much of a “ socially " — how we ’ve learned to encode it in the words themselves .
It ca n’t usually go very far ; usually it offers nothing to those who are n’t very , very close to assumptions ; often it looks pointless and sick to everyone else .
It is quite possibly a really bad thing and a really bad habit .
But you ca n’t say it does n’t , for better or worse , get very real work done .
Welcome to Pandora
Borderlands is almost here , and judging from the constant messages , insults , and death threats I 've gotten in the last few weeks as I 've been playing it on Steam , I would consider it eagerly anticipated .
As I was driving to work the other day , I heard Adam Sessler on the radio talking about videogames .
He was mostly talking about Uncharted 2 , but he mentioned that Borderlands was the " dark horse " of this gaming season .
I do n't know if he 's played it or not , but that 's a good way to describe it .
It 's releasing in a very busy season with a lot of stellar games , and I think there 's a real danger it may get overlooked for the likes of Uncharted 2 and Modern Warfare 2 .
Do n't let that happen .
It 's not a perfect game , and it has a few noticeable problems , but I can't seem to stop playing it .
Hit the jump for the full review .
Borderlands ( PC [ Reviewed ] , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 )
Developer : Gearbox Software
Publisher : 2 K Games
Release Date : October 20 , 2009 ( Consoles ) , October 26 , 2009 ( PC )
MSRP : $ 59.99 ( Console ) , $ 49.99 ( PC )
Commonly described as Diablo with guns , Borderlands can't really be explained by comparing it to other games .
The closest you could probably get is Hellgate : London ( as long as you were playing one of the gun / first - person shooter classes ) , but even then there are some pretty major differences .
If you have n't been paying attention to this game at all , Borderlands is a first - person shooter with action role - playing elements .
You choose from four classes -- The Soldier , the Berserker , the Hunter , and the Siren .
Each has a unique " action skill , " which is basically that classes special ability , and three different trees to drop skill points into .
While every class can use every weapon in the game ( the only limit on what you can equip is determined by your level ) , most characters have skills in their skill tree that enhance one or two particular types of weapons .
The Soldier is best with rifles and shotguns , the Berserker with explosive weapons and his melee attack , the Hunter with sniper rifles and revolvers , and the Siren with any weapon that deals elemental damage .
Luckily , there is enough flexibility that these do n't feel like absolute restrictions .
If you wanted to make a Hunter that mainly used rocket launchers , that 's completely viable .
Sure , it wo n't be the best build for the character , but you wo n't feel like you have no options other than to use the " recommended weapons " for each class .
You may remember some minor controversy a while back when Gearbox announced that they had scrapped the game 's initial design in favor of cel - shaded graphics .
I 'm happy to report that I believe Gearbox made the right choice in changing the graphical direction of the game .
Not only does it make Borderlands look unique , but it 's gorgeous on top of that .
Looking back at older screenshots of the game , the original art style seemed so generic and bland -- I 'm really glad they decided to take a chance and mix it up .
Other than some minor texture pop that resolves almost immediately upon loading and some slight screen tearing ( VSync option please ! ) , I did n't really run into any other graphical issues .
The game begins with you being tossed off a bus .
You meet your first Claptrap who explains the basics of the game , and gives you a short mini-tutorial .
After making your way to the first town , you 're assigned your first quest and the game really begins .
There 's a massive number of quests in the game , and Gearbox has done a reasonable job of mixing them up .
While every now and then you 'll be assigned a " Kill X enemies " quest , they are few and far between .
For the most part , you 'll be exploring various locations and recovering different items , usually with a bunch of bad guys standing in the way .
Even after completing the game , I was still going back and finding quests that I had missed before .
One of the reasons it 's been compared to Diablo is because of the emphasis on loot .
The initial stories were right -- there are TONS of weapons in this game .
There are seven main weapon types : pistols ( this includes repeater pistols and revolvers ) , submachine guns , shotguns , combat rifles , sniper rifles , launchers , and a seventh that could be considered a minor spoiler .
Every weapon has a variety of stats : accuracy rating , recoil , how much the weapon can zoom , how many bullets the weapon can hold , how fast the gun can fire , how many bullets fire at once , how fast the weapon reloads , and more .
In addition , weapons have a chance to have one of four elemental properties : Explosion , Fire , Shock , and Corrosive .
You also have slots for grenade mods , your shield , and a class mod that will boost your skills and provide some benefits , each with their own special aspects and variations .
With all of these different stats , you end up with an astonishing amount of potential weapons .
Just before writing this , I found a pretty crappy submachine gun that for some reason fired bullets in a ridiculous spiral before striking the enemy .
While I 've yet to come across anything like a pistol that shoots rockets ( and I 'm pretty sure things like this do n't exist in the game ) , there 's some pretty substantial variety in the weapons I 'm finding , and so far I have n't come across any godlike " best weapon . "
Weapons with more power tend to hold less bullets , or have much lower weapon zoom .
Some guns that fire rapidly also have massive recoil , which means if you 're not careful , you 'll just be spraying bullets at nothing .
While a lot of what you pick up will just end up being trash , I found myself swapping weapons in and out fairly often depending on the situation .
In a game that 's all about loot , that 's definitely a plus .
Combat in Borderlands is a ton of fun .
While the game is a first - person shooter at its core , some strategy is needed .
Each enemy has a " weak point " that you can attack for critical damage .
For humans , its their heads .
For Skags ( the world 's dog - like beasts ) , it 's their mouths ( but only when they 're open , which is not often ) .
While initially combat will seem relatively simple , once you progress the game will get reasonably difficult , and you 'll find yourself very carefully having to manage your cover , your shield / health level , and your surroundings .
Borderlands blends the regeneration aspect of many popular FPSs with health - pack grabbing .
You have shields and life , and your shields regenerate , while your life does n't .
While this will give you some leeway to run into dangerous situations with guns blazing , you can't just stand still and blow everyone up .
If you 're going to make a rush , you 'll have to take out your opponents quickly .
Some of the enemies are quite adept at sneaking around behind you , or quietly chucking grenades into your cover while you 're trying to aim , and this can result in a quick death .
Your FPS skills will definitely be put to the test in this game .
You need a constant awareness of your surroundings , knowledge of all the cover available to you , some serious accuracy , and a quick trigger finger .
For those of us who love FPSes , this can make combat exhilarating , especially when you land a headshot on a guy and see parts of his brain fly up 100 feet into the air .
If you 're terrible at FPS games , you 're going to struggle .
And , a word of warning to 360 players -- since I have n't played the console versions , I can't confirm it , but some of the enemies take very precise shots to take out , and you often have very little time to aim before they start ripping you apart .
Considering it 's already difficult with a mouse , I can imagine some people getting frustrated with a controller .
One criticism I do have of the combat is the lack of variety of enemies .
Skags , bandits , and spiderants make up the majority of what you 'll be fighting throughout most of the game .
A few zones have unique enemy types , and the flying Rakk are occasionally around to harass you .
But for the most part you 're going to be fighting the same enemies over and over again .
One of the ways Borderlands differs from games like Diablo and Hellgate : London is that nothing is randomly generated aside from items themselves .
The maps and locations are exactly the same every single time you play , and immediately upon entering an area you 're given the entire map of the zone .
Quest items will always be in the same spots , vendors will never move , and even the chests , safes , and weapon caches will always be in the same locations in every playthrough .
Enemies will always appear in the same places as well , although to some extent they are " random . "
Each enemy type ( Skags , humans , vehicles , etc. ) has a sort of " spawn point " --
Skags come out of small caves , humans will come out of buildings , vehicles will drive out of garages -- and these spawn points are always in the same spots .
What changes is what specific enemies will appear .
You might see a team of psychotic midgets with shotguns come out of a building in one game , but in the next get a brute , a guy chucking grenades at you , and an armored bandit with an assault rifle .
Some slight variety , but after getting a handle on an area you wo n't find yourself being surprised very often , since you know exactly where all the enemies will show up .
While initially I did n't mind this , on my second playthrough ( basically , " New Game + " ) it became a pretty big issue for me .
I had a blast playing through the game initially , but the second time through it 's kind of clear the game has lost some of its charm .
Do n't get me wrong , I still can't keep myself from playing , but knowing exactly where everything is has made the game seem significantly more monotonous .
I 'm mostly just looking for loot at this point and working on hitting the level cap , but since I know where all the chests are I 've just been making the same runs over and over again while grinding for experience .
Luckily , the repetitive feeling goes away quite a bit when you 're playing with friends .
Borderlands was designed as a co-op game , and co-op is where it really shines .
Gearbox has done a good job of adjusting the difficulty in co-op games , in that you 'll need to work together carefully with your friends to avoid dying .
I actually found myself dying more when I was playing through the game with Nick than I did in single player , because we had to think a lot more strategically and be more careful .
Since the enemies have significantly boosted health and damage , if even one or two get through your defenses you 'll get taken down pretty quickly .
If you do play co-op ( and I suggest you do ) , I would suggest making a totally separate character for use with your group .
Any character you make can be played in single or multiplayer at any time , which means that sticking with one character only will probably result in you out - leveling your friends , unless you only play with them .
While the game will do some enemy balancing if you have people with different levels in your game , it 's not extreme .
Certain zones are pretty much designed for certain level ranges , and this persists through the whole game .
Either your high level friends will have to go slumming with the lowest leveled character , or your low level character is going to get destroyed when he tries to enter an area that 's 10 levels higher than his own .
Get a group of three other people , make plans to play , and make a character just for that group -- I think you 'll get a lot more out of co-op than if you 're just jumping in and out of random games .
Since this is a PC review ( content and gameplay - wise , Borderlands should be consistent across all platforms ) , I do want to briefly talk about some PC specific things .
A while back Gearbox specifically said that they were working very hard to integrate all of the games menus with a mouse .
Unfortunately , all it seems that really means is that it merely works with a mouse .
There are a few bugs involving scrolling quest text , selling items means opening a dialogue box and hitting " OK " for every single item you want to sell , and it sadly appears that the menu system was designed for controllers with PC support tossed on as an afterthought .
It 's not the end of the world , and selling becomes easy when you just mash enter over and over , but it really would have been nice to see some effort , even if it was just a " shift click to sell " mechanic introduced .
Also , online games will be run through GameSpy , which I 'm mostly neutral about .
I 'm not a big fan of GameSpy , but creating an account in game is super easy and the matchmaking seems very streamlined -- it should be pretty simple to get a game going with minimum hassle .
The final thing I want to touch on is the story .
While Borderlands starts out with a reasonably interesting story , it kind of takes a backseat to the action .
This is somewhat understandable , since this is an FPS game at its core , but be prepared .
The ending of the game is massively disappointing .
Think Fallout 3 , but worse .
It 's a shame , because the initial story has a lot of promise , and it 's sad to see that potential squandered .
This does n't really affect the gameplay , but I found it to be the biggest disappointment I felt from my entire time with Borderlands .
Luckily , even with these complaints , the first playthrough of Borderlands is an absolute blast , and will provide you at least 25 + hours of gameplay as long as you do n't avoid all the sidequests .
I 'm still finding it difficult to tear myself away from the game on my second runthrough .
It 's a solid game that provides a lot of enjoyment , and while I do n't know if I 'll be playing it eight months down the line ( although some of the upcoming DLC does look pretty neat ) , I 've really enjoyed the time I 've spent with it so far , and I imagine I 'll continue to do so - especially once I have more people to co-op with .
While the repetition will eventually become an issue for most players , it should keep shooter fans occupied for quite a while .
Unfortunately , once you hit the level cap there probably wo n't be much else for you do to until the DLC comes out besides make a new character .
But the level cap takes a decent chunk of time to reach , and you 'll have fun the entire way there .
With tons of weapons to find , a great co-op system , fantastic art , and a whole bunch of exploding bodies , Borderlands is worth your money .
Even when I feel that the game is starting to get repetitive , there 's something about it that keeps me playing .
Even my plans to jump into the game for five minutes to grab screenshots would suddenly turn into hour long play sessions without me even realizing it , and even having done most of the quests twice , I still want to head back and try again with a new character class .
Despite a few imperfections , the game is simply fun -- and at the end of the day , that 's what really matters .
Score : 8.5 -- Great ( 8s are impressive efforts with a few noticeable problems holding them back .
Wo n't astound everyone , but is worth your time and cash . )
Borderlands reviewed by Aerox
Pakistani forces have pressed on with their attacks as they move to drive out the Taliban from its bases in a lawless region on the Afghan border .
Taliban fighters offered fierce resistance as ground troops backed by warplanes and artillery pushed into South Waziristan , the mountain headquarters of the notorious Tehrik - i- Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) .
Pakistan said it killed more than 60 militants and lost 11 soldiers as a force of 30,000 pushed into Taliban 's tribal stronghold .
Intelligence officials said at least eight more militants have died in a fierce battle in the Khaisur area , where they approached troop positions .
" There has been artillery fire throughout the night .
It was very heavy firing , " Noor Wali , a resident of Wana , the main town in the region , said by telephone .
Officials have said they think the operation will last two months , when winter weather will make fighting difficult .
America has rushed to send equipment such as night - vision goggles to aid the offensive .
General David Petraeus , the head of US central command , who oversees the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , was in Pakistan visiting top officials , while the US senator John Kerry was meeting political and military leaders .
Militants detonated roadside bombs and opened fire on helicopter gunships .
Villagers , some of them women , waved white flags and troops searching houses discovered large weapons caches , the military said .
As many as 150,000 civilians , possibly more , have left in recent months after the army made clear it was planning an assault .
About 350,000 people may be left in the region .
In a statement , the military said tactical heights near Razmak , a mountain village at the northern edge of South Waziristan , had been captured following fighting that killed 10 militants and two soldiers .
The Taliban denied the army claims and a spokesman insisted the guerrillas had inflicted " heavy casualties " that forced the invading soldiers back into their bases .
" We know how to fight this war and defeat the enemy with the minimum loss of our men , " Azam Tariq told the Associated Press from an undisclosed location .
The conflicting versions were impossible to reconcile .
Inaccessible at the best of times , much of South Waziristan has been sealed off since the operation started on Saturday morning .
Phone connections to Waziristan and nearby areas have been disconnected .
The officials said the fighting was concentrated around the town of Shakai , where soldiers are pushing in from the south - west .
" The militants are putting up stiff resistance at the Shakai front , " said an intelligence official in the region .
There was less fighting on another front in the Spinkai Raghzai area , where soldiers were moving in from the south - east , said the unidentified official .
The fight – pitting 30,000 soldiers against 10,000 Taliban and al - Qaida militants , according to the army – followed two weeks of audacious assaults in cities that left more than 175 people dead and underlined the militant threat to national stability .
In the most shocking incident , a team of 10 gunmen laid siege to the army headquarters in Rawalpindi for 22 hours .
All but one of the attackers were killed .
The army said the raid was orchestrated from South Waziristan .
The army has surrounded a mountainous swath of South Waziristan that is controlled by the Mehsud tribe , whose most notorious member , Baitullah Mehsud , was killed by a US drone in August .
Mehsud 's successor as leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , vowed to take revenge , apparently triggering the recent wave of militant attacks .
Soldiers are attacking the Mehsud territory from Razmak in the north , Jandola in the east and Wana in the south .
Officials estimate the drive will take a minimum of six weeks and could stretch through the winter .
The non-Mehsud parts of South Waziristan , which are controlled by the rival Wazir tribe and border with Afghanistan , have not been affected .
The army hopes to repeat the success of its campaign against the Taliban in Swat this summer .
But few doubt this operation will be harder , longer and with a greater risk of failure .
B.J. Penn defends his lightweight title against Kenny Florian .
Penn did not perform well in his last fight , a loss to Georges St. Pierre for the welterweight belt .
Florian is looking to give “ The Prodigy ” his second loss in a row , which would also give him the championship .
This is the main event for UFC 101 : Declaration , which takes place at the Wachovia Center in Philadelphia .
B.J. Penn Video
Kenny Florian Video
Some viewers were outraged over Lambert's ( left ) performance
American Idol star Adam Lambert 's performance at Sunday 's American Music Awards has prompted more than 1,500 complaints by viewers .
During the closing act , the openly gay singer simulated sex on stage with a back - up dancer and kissed a male musician on the mouth .
Lambert told US network CNN that the kiss was " in the moment " .
ABC said the number of complaints was " moderate " .
The show 's producers have declined to comment .
Lambert , who performed his debut single For Your Entertainment , said that if people had been upset by his performance that it is a " form of discrimination and it's too bad " .
He added : " I had fun , my dancers had fun , the audience that was in the Nokia [ Theatre ] had fun .
" Anybody else who was watching it and enjoying it , thank you for being entertained . "
' Tasteless '
The Parents Television Council ( PTC ) , a media pressure group which campaigns against " indecent " content on US television , posted a statement on its website calling the show " tasteless " and " vulgar " .
President Timothy
Winter said members were " outraged " .
He added : " They just can't believe the nature of the content , the explicit nature , and how much graphic content there was . "
Lambert 's kiss recalled the MTV Video Music Awards moment in 2003 when Madonna and Britney Spears briefly kissed on stage .
And in 2004 , Janet Jackson exposed her right breast during the Super Bowl half - time show .
The " wardrobe malfunction " prompted more than 500,000 complaints .
Dallas @ GitHub Project maintained by edwardsdl Hosted on GitHub Pages —
Theme by mattgraham
Welcome
You 've found my GitHub user page .
Unless you 're interested in one of my projects on GitHub , there is n't much to see .
If that 's why you 're here , keep reading !
I want to use your stuff !
Awesome , thank you ! :)
I publish the libraries for almost all of my projects on the public NuGet gallery .
You can view all of my packages here .
Where possible I provide my source code under the MIT License .
In a nutshell , feel free to use the source in both personal and commercial products as long as you keep the copyright header intact .
Obviously I 'd prefer if you publish your code under an open source license , but ultimately it 's up to you .
How can I contribute to a repository ?
I really appreciate your help !
I track all of my issues through GitHub , so it 's easy to jump on a broken or underdeveloped feature .
If you have any questions , feel free to post them on the issue page .
I use StyleCop and ReSharper to maintain a consistent code style .
If you do n't have access to these programs , make an effort to emulate the coding style found throughout the rest of the code base .
If you do have them installed , the appropriate settings should be picked up automatically .
I keep the configuration files - Settings .
StyleCop , and Solution Name.sln .
DotSettings - in the root of the source directory .
Please do not modify these files .
How do I contact you ?
Well that depends on why you want to talk to me !
If you 've got a comment or question about one of my repositories , you can reach me at github@dallasedwards.com .
If you 're an employer or recruiter , contact me at jobs@dallasedwards.com .
California's Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has just offered a public reward of $ 100,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the arsonist (s ) who set the largest wildfire in Los Angeles County 's history .
Authorities have traced the ignition point just off a public road and say they found the substance used to start the historic blaze , but they would not identify it .
The so - called Station fire has now consumed growth and structures on more than 154,000 acres , or more than 234 square miles .
That 's an area more than 10 times the size of New York 's Manhattan island .
It 's still not contained and has cost millions of dollars to fight with resources coming in from all over the country and Canada .
Two firefighters have died while combating the blaze , which began Aug. 26 .
The huge reward , the largest allowed under state law , comes at the request of L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca and supplements any local rewards .
It indicates , however , that authorities do not have many or any concrete leads on the criminals ' identity .
The governor 's full , unedited proclamation is published below .
More fire photos are available here .
Governor 's Proclamation , Sept. 4 , 2009 :
WHEREAS , on August 26 , 2009 , I proclaimed a State of Emergency in Los Angeles County due to a fire that started on August 26 , 2009 , now known as the Station Fire ; andWHEREAS , the Station Fire has burned approximately 150,000 acres , continues to burn and is not yet contained ; andWHEREAS , two firefighters were killed while fighting the Station Fire in Los Angeles County ; andWHEREAS , state and local officials have determined the cause of the fire is arson ; andWHEREAS , Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca requested that a state reward be offered , in supplement to an existing reward , to encourage individuals with information about this crime to contact law enforcement ; andWHEREAS , public assistance is vital to law enforcement , and rewards often encourage public cooperation essential to apprehend those who have committed serious offenses ; andWHEREAS , the Governor is authorized by Penal Code section 1547 ( b ) to offer rewards up to $ 100,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of any person who kills a firefighter in the line of duty ; andWHEREAS , the reward will be paid in accordance with Penal Code section 1547 .
NOW , THEREFORE , I , ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER , Governor of the State of California , do hereby offer , effective immediately , a reward in the amount of $ 100,000 for new information , voluntarily given hereafter , leading to the arrest and conviction in a California court of the person or persons responsible for setting this fire .
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Great Seal of the State of California to be affixed at Sacramento , California this 4th day of September 2009 .
/s/ Arnold Schwarzenegger
-- Andrew Malcolm
For Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item , click here .
Or follow us @latimestot
Photo : Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times ; Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times ( Dave Morgan ) ; Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times .
Let his days be few ; and let another take his office .
Let his children be fatherless , and his wife a widow .
They are openly praying and asking you to pray that the President of the United States be cursed by their god , that he die and his family suffer horribly in poverty and aided by none until they are all wiped out .
I have repeatedly used this blog as a platform to call attention to the dangers of Christian extremism in the United States .
Unfortunately , this label has still not caught on .
Far too many remain content to view religious extremism as something Muslims do that does n't apply to Christians .
I used to think that the explanation was as simple as people not wanting to acknowledge that Christianity could be every bit as dangerous as Islam for fear of offending the Christian majority that controls the U.S.
I 'm not so sure about that anymore .
Even atheists have been reluctant to apply the Christian extremist label to practitioners of this form of extremism .
As you have undoubtedly heard by now , Christian extremists in the United States are rallying behind an obscure passage from their bibles to promote imprecatory prayer against President Obama .
That is , they are praying for the death of their president and encouraging others to do the same by spreading this meme of hatred through a variety of commercial ventures .
Psalm 109:8 seems innocent enough at first glance .
They are unhappy with President Obama and want him replaced , ideally by Sarah Palin .
However , the problem with this becomes readily apparent when we examine Psalm 109 .
Take Paliban Daily 's suggestion and look over Psalm 109:1 - 19 .
Paints a very different picture , does n't it ?
Read in context , it is painfully clear that " let his days be few " is indeed an imprecatory prayer .
This line is not referring to President Obama 's time in office , but his time among us .
Psalm 109:9 makes this extremely clear .
These Christian extremists are praying for the death of our President .
This is Christian extremism on display for all to see .
As Paliban Daily notes , Where is the media on this ?
Where is the outrage ?
Where are the so - called moderate Christians ?
Is a religion that shields this sort of thing simply to preserve it self really worth maintaining ?
I hope to see everyone with an outlet ( e.g. , a blog , a podcast , a local newspaper that accepts letters to the editor , etc. ) talking about this and referring to Christian extremism .
This sort of thing can be ignored no more .
Church fined over £ 500,000 after case brought by former members who were pressured into handing over money
Two flagship branches of the Church of Scientology in France have been sentenced to pay fines of over € 600,000 ( £ 550,000 ) after being convicted of " fraud in an organised gang " today by a court in Paris .
The judgment against the Scientology Celebrity Centre and a related bookshop in Paris is one of the most important to involve the controversial organisation in recent years .
The judges stopped short of the total ban the prosecution had called for , so the church will be allowed to continue its activities in France where it is estimated to have 45,000 members .
Four officials of the church in France received suspended prison sentences of between 18 months and two years as well as fines ranging from € 5,000 to € 30,000 .
Judges said that the four had avoided jail in part because of " efforts by the [ church ] to change its practices " .
An appeal is expected .
The case was brought by two female former members who alleged that they were pressured into paying large sums of money to the church after joining in the 1990s .
They also alleged that members of the church had harassed them to buy a variety of products including vitamins and to sign up for " purification " courses costing thousands of euros .
One said she had been advised by a financial adviser from the church to take out a large loan to finance her activities within the organisation .
Prosecutors had at one point requested that the group be dissolved in France and be fined € 4 m .
However , last month it was revealed that an obscure modifiction of French law meant that courts no longer have the power to dissolve organisations found guilty of fraud .
The news sparked controversy forcing the minister of justice , Michèle Alliot - Marie , to explain the change on television .
Lawyers representing those who brought the current case alleged that scientologists had infiltrated the national assembly .
Defence lawyers for the church have called for the debate to be reopened to " wash " their clients of any suspicion .
The church denies all wrongdoing .
Scientology was founded by the science fiction writer L Ron Hubbard in 1954 and claims to have 12 million followers worldwide .
A series of cases against them has led the Church of Scientology to complain of a " climate of hatred " and a state - sponsored " inquisition " against them in France .
Scientology was described as a " sect " rather than a religion in an official French report in 1995 .
The defense apparatus in the United Arab Emirates arrested 45 suspects , most of them Palestinian and Lebanese , after the plot to blow up Burj Dubai ( Dubai Tower ) was uncovered .
Dubai Tower , currently under construction , is the tallest building in the world .
The current wave of arrests adds to the eight other suspects detained immediately after the plot was revealed one and a half months ago .
The detainees were apparently sent as agents of Iran
Nuclear Threat US says Iran nearing atomic bomb capacity Reuters United States said Iran nearing ability to make bombs by stockpiling enriched uranium , urges Tehran to engage in talks on its nuclear ambitions US says Iran nearing atomic bomb capacity
Kuwaiti newspaper , al - Jareeda , reported a month and a half ago that UAE security officials arrested " an armed network affiliated with one of the countries in the region that operated on Ras al - Khaimah . "
Dubai was apparently hesitant to say so explicitly , but the implication was towards Iran as the responsible party for the terror network .
Ras al - Khaimah was is the northern - most emirate in the United Arab Emirates and borders the Strait of Hormuz and the Persian Gulf , both of which run parallel to Iran .
The tallest in the world , Burj Dubai ( Photo : AFP )
The Kuwaiti newspaper reported that of the eight detainees , two are UAE citizens and the rest are Syrians and Palestinians .
They were transferred to Abu Dhabi for investigation under a strict media blackout .
According to the report , UAE officials found a weapons cache in a house in which the detainees were staying .
One of the detainees with UAE citizenship works in the pharmaceutical industry , and the other UAE citizen is " a member of a well - known family in Abu Dhabi . "
Officials connected to the case reported to Ynet that some of the detainees said in the investigation that they plotted to crash a plane into the Burj Dubai .
The plan apparently was to carry out the attack close to the inauguration of the building upon its completion at the end of 2009 .
According to these same sources , it was possible that the plane would await them in an unofficial airfield in Iran .
Ynet has learned that the UAE has embarked upon an additional wave of arrests as the case has developed .
Recently , 45 more suspects were arrested .
Most of the detainees in this round of arrests are Lebanese and Palestinian with various citizenships .
A majority of them were expelled from the country .
The UAE has denied these allegations .
Increasing Iranian influence in Ras al - Khaimah
The Kuwaiti news report claimed that UAE defense officials have followed radical religious and political activists in recent years out of a concern that they would seek to exploit the country 's relative openness to deepen their hold on the local population and carry out terrorist attacks on UAE territory .
This concern was made particularly poignant following the significant entry easements made recently for foreign nationals , including people holding Iranian citizenship .
This is a particularly sensitive report that UAE officials , who are very concerned about Iran , would prefer not be published .
According to sources linked to the case , the Iranians have real foothold in the UAE , particularly in Ras al - Khaimah .
Iran has cultivated close business relations with Crown Prince Saud bin Saqr al - Qasimi and his close associate , Lebanese Shiite businessman , Massad Khater .
According to these sources , this is not merely an innocent business relationship .
Khater is a partner in a ceramics factory called Ras al - Khaimah Ceramics .
This factory , the sources claim , directly aids Iran 's weapons and missiles industry .
The factory even has a branch in the Iranian city of Natanz , where parts for Iranian warheads are produced .
Khater is also one of the owners of the pharmaceutical company at which one of the detainees arrested for the Burj Dubai plot works .
do n't
Modify the cut so the cutting surface is a one - twist Mobius strip .
( You can still get cream cheese into the cut , but it does n't separate into two parts . )
What is the ratio of the surface area of this linked cut
to the surface area of the usual planar bagel slice ?
How to make Mobius lox ...
Computers and Sculpture class .
It is very successful if the students work in pairs , with two bagels per team .
For the first bagel , I have them draw the indicated lines with a " sharpie " .
Then they can do the second bagel without the lines .
( We omit the schmear of cream cheese . )
After doing this , one can better appreciate the stone carving of
Addendum : I made a video showing how to do this .
Note : I have had my students do this activity in myclass .
It is very successful if the students work in pairs , with two bagels per team .
For the first bagel , I have them draw the indicated lines with a " sharpie " .
Then they can do the second bagel without the lines .
( We omit the schmear of cream cheese . )
After doing this , one can better appreciate the stone carving of Keizo Ushio , who makes analogous cuts in granite to produce monumental sculpture .
It is not hard to cut a bagel into two equal halves which are linked like two links of a chain .
To start , you must visualize four key points .
Center the bagel at the origin , circling the Z axis .
A is the highest point above the +X axis .
B is where the +Y axis enters the bagel .
C is the lowest point below the - X axis .
D is where the -Y axis exits the bagel .
These sharpie markings on the bagel are just to help visualize the geometryand the points .
Youneed to actually write on the bagel to cut it properly .
The line ABCDA , which goes smoothly through all four key points , is the cut line .
As it goes 360 degrees around the Z axis , it also goes 360 degrees around the bagel .
The red line is like the black line but is rotated 180 degrees ( around Z or through the hole ) .
An ideal knife could enter on the black line and come out exactly opposite , on the red line .
But in practice , it is easier to cut in halfway on both the black line and the red line .
The cutting surface is a two - twist Mobius strip ; it has two sides , one for each half .
After being cut , the two halves can be moved but are still linked together , each passing throughthe hole of the other .
( So when you buy your bagels , pick ones with the biggest holes . )
If you visualize the key points and a smooth curve connecting them , you donot need to draw on the bagel .
Here the two parts are pulled slightly apart .
If your cut is neat , the two halves are congruent .
They are of the same handedness .
( You can make both be the opposite handedness if you follow these instructions in a mirror . )
You can toast them in a toaster oven while linked together , but move them around everyminute or so , otherwise some parts will cook much more than others , as shown in this half .
It is much more fun to put cream cheese on these bagels than on an ordinary bagel .
In additional tothe intellectual stimulation , you get more cream cheese , because there is slightly more surface area .
Topology problem : Calculus problem : For future research :
Perl 5.11.1 now available
From : Jesse Vincent
Date : October 20 , 2009 10:48
Subject : Perl 5.11.1 now available
Message ID : 20091020174845.GA12869@mar-adentro
October 20 , 2009 10:48 Perl 5.11.1 now available
Milo had been caught red - handed in the act of plundering his countrymen , and , as a result , his stock had never been higher .
He proved good as his word when a rawboned major from Minnesota curled his lip in rebellious disavowal and demanded his share of the syndicate Milo kept saying everybody owned .
Milo met the challenge by writing the words " A Share " on the nearest scrap of paper and handing it away with a virtuous disdain that won the envy and admiration of almost everyone who knew him .
His glory was at a peak , and Colonel Cathcart , who knew and admired his war record , was astonished by the deferential humility with which Mil presented himself at Group Headquarters and made his fantastic appeal for more hazardous assignment .
- Joseph Heller , / Catch - 22 /
It gives me great pleasure to announce the release of Perl 5.11.1 .
This is the second DEVELOPMENT release in the 5.11.x series leading to a stable release of Perl 5.12.0 .
You can find a list of high - profile changes in this release in the file " perl5111delta.pod " inside the distribution .
You can ( or will shortly be able to ) download the 5.11.1 release from : http://search.cpan.org/~jesse/perl-5.11.1/
The release 's SHA1 signatures are : 4eb796d28849ea21466166cea0b580d98163564f perl-5.11.1.tar.bz2 aa4ca3b0cffa1bbcbcdb09e81c6ece759112ce14 perl-5.11.1.tar.gz
We welcome your feedback on this release .
If you discover issues with Perl 5.11.1 , please use the ' perlbug ' tool included in this distribution to report them .
If Perl 5.11.1 works well for you , please use the ' perlthanks ' tool included with this distribution to tell the all - volunteer development team how much you appreciate their work .
If you write software in Perl , it is particularly important that you test your software against development releases .
While we strive to maintain source compatibility with prior stable versions of Perl wherever possible , it is always possible that a well - intentioned change can have unexpected consequences .
If you spot a change in a development version which breaks your code , it 's much more likely that we will be able to fix it before the next stable release .
If you only test your code against stable releases of Perl , it may not be possible to undo a backwards - incompatible change which breaks your code .
In the release announcement for 5.11.0 , I asked readers to test the new version of Perl with their in - house applications and CPAN modules .
Among other things , that testing turned up previously undiscovered issues in a change to Perl 's Regular Expression semantics which we were able to defang in time for 5.11.1 .
Notable changes in this release : * Package declarations can now include a version number .
* suidperl is no longer available as part of perl .
If your code depends on suidperl , you need to find an alternate solution .
( This was actually true as of 5.11.0 ) *
Over the years a number of language constructs and interpreter features have been deprecated and will eventually be removed .
As of this release , Perl enables deprecation warnings by default .
*
Perl 's tests are now aware of ( and work around ) a bug in Mac OS X 10.6 locales .
* Support for Windows 95 , 98 , ME and NT4 has officially ended .
This release represents approximately 3 weeks development since Perl 5.11.0 , containing 22,000 lines of changes across 396 files from 26 authors and committers : Abigail , Alex Vandiver , brian d foy , Chris Williams , Craig A. Berry , David Fifield , David Golden , demerphq , Eric Brine , Geoffrey T. Dairiki , George Greer , H. Merijn Brand , Jan Dubois , Jerry D. Hedden , Jesse Vincent , Josh ben Jore , Max Maischein , Nicholas Clark , Rafael Garcia - Suarez , Simon Schubert , Sisyphus , Smylers , Steve Hay , Steve Peters , Vincent Pit and Yves Orton .
Many of the changes included in this version originated in the CPAN modules included in Perl 's core .
We 're grateful to the entire CPAN community for helping Perl to flourish .
Yves Orton will release Perl 5.11.2 on November 20 , 2009 .
Leon Brocard will release Perl 5.11.3 on December 20 , 2009 .
Ricardo Signes will release Perl 5.11.4 on January 20 , 2010 .
Perl 5.11.1 now available by Jesse Vincent
by Jesse Vincent re : Perl 5.11.1 now available by Darren Duncan
Reports that China is financing investments to the tune of $ 7bn in military - ruled Guinea in exchange for access to its resources have re-ignited western fears about Chinese activities in Africa .
Portrayed as a callous grab for resources that ignores the recent killing of Guinean opposition protesters by government troops , closer analysis of the situation reveals as much about foreign perceptions of China in Africa as its does about one of the continent 's most significant economic relationships .
The tragedy of politics in Guinea , a country scarred by decades of autocratic rule that has produced little in the way of development , is being played out yet again under the tutelage of Moussa Dadis Camara .
A captain who overthrew the government in December 2008 , Camara has seen his domestic support progressively wither alongside rising African and international criticism .
Faced by the threat of diplomatic isolation , his government is desperate to demonstrate its capacity to attract foreign finance – especially after a state - owned Chinese company , Chinalco , called off a deal in April 2009 to acquire rights to Guinea 's iron ore resources in exchange for large - scale financing of local infrastructure projects .
At the time , the Chinese government declared it was responding to international " sensitivities " – assumed to be the African Union 's deep unease at the Guinean regime 's attempts to illegally transfer Rio Tinto 's licensing rights to Chinese interests .
The latest claims that the Chinese International Fund – a joint Chinese - Angolan finance venture based in Hong Kong – has agreed to a deal in Guinea have yet to be corroborated by Chinese sources , casting doubt on the veracity of the report ( and echoing pre-emptive claims of multi- billion dollar deals with China by other African governments ) .
Given the criticism faced by Camara , as well as Chinese business 's growing wariness in operating in African environments , it is strange that this deal would either be approved by Beijing or – as a private financial transaction – need that approval .
Finally , coming within a few weeks of the fourth Forum on China - Africa Co-operation in Egypt , this news from Guinea threatens to crowd out the positive development message that the Chinese government believes is overwhelmingly the case with China 's engagement in other parts of the continent .
The most significant news on China 's role in Africa is that as the continent 's second - largest trading partner and a major investor , it remains committed to being involved .
The onset of the international financial crisis has underscored the inability of Africa to escape some of the worst features of any global recession , including the volatility of the commodity prices that propel African growth , and the drying - up of sources of credit and investment .
The possibility of longer - term setbacks to the continent 's plans for economic recovery plans cannot be ruled out .
While China has been affected by the global economic crisis , it has been able to offset some of its worst impacts through financial prudence .
With over $ 2tn in foreign reserves , the Chinese government has emerged from the crisis in a unique position .
Given its huge demand for resources , China 's need and ability to develop closer economic ties with Africa are still on track .
While some G8 countries are reneging on their aid commitments to Africa and private financial institutions are scrambling to rebalance their books , China has publicly demonstrated its continued commitment towards Africa by confirming that aid levels will be maintained at the same time that it has signalled its willingness to invest in stable African economies .
Whereas once Beijing felt it could only gain access to African resources by working with western - designated " pariahs " , today China no longer seeks new African markets as much as stable , long - term relationships .
The days of the military junta in Guinea are numbered and , despite its attempts to claim China as a new source of support , the Chinese government knows this too .
The US Dollar - Then and Now
Dollar up , gold down .
There ’s something we have n’t written for a while .
An ounce of our favorite metal dipped another $ 7 yesterday after falling $ 13 on Monday .
It was the fourth straight session gold was in the red .
Meanwhile everyone ’s favorite whipping currency , the greenback , consolidated gains won earlier in the week after sluggish consumer confidence data eroded risk appetite .
One day does not a trend make , dear reader , but it does us give pause for thought .
What if we dollar bears are wrong about the greenback ’s fate ?
What if all these column inches spent bashing the buck – and the frauds at the Fed in charge of protecting it – all come to naught ?
“ Nonsense ! ” we say .
Mankind will eventually bury the greenback in the cold , hard ground , alongside every fiat currency that ever went before it .
The only question , it seems to us , is when the first shovel of dirt will be thrown .
Traders from New York to New Delhi are gathered around the open pit , but they may have to wait , at least for a while .
Just to be on the safe side , we ’ve bought ( and urged readers to buy ) a golden shovel , but for now we ’re content just leaning on it .
Here in the Far East , the dollar is a particularly curious entity .
Once upon a time , the mighty greenback was the best show in town , the “ must have ” ticket for the rocking Asian economies .
China , Korea and Japan all amassed gargantuan stockpiles .
The three hold about US $ 4 trillion ( with a “ T ” ) in foreign reserves , much of it in US Treasuries .
Even Taiwan – an island one - third this size of Tasmania but with a population equal to Australia – has stashed away the equivalent of US $ 332 billion in foreign reserves .
But that was then .
This is now .
And now everyone knows what all those dollars – and the men who stand behind them – are really made of …paper and promises , promises and paper .
And now that the game is up , everyone is betting on a dollar collapse .
But that presents a problem , and an opportunity , in itself …
“ Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority , ” Mark Twain once observed , “ it is time to pause and reflect . ”
Right now , every necktie on television is betting against the dollar .
The Powershares DB US Dollar Index Bullish and Bearish Funds – which measure the sentiment for and against the greenback versus a basket of six major currencies – are showing dollar bearishness in the extreme .
But what if this “ recovery ” is not all it ’s cracked up to be ?
What if equity markets suddenly start resembling reality – even for a short while ?
If risk appetite contracts , even marginally , might we see a rally in short term Treasuries … just like we did last time ?
And just how quickly will currency traders be able to cover their short dollar positions if such a scenario unfolds ?
We do n’t know the answers , dear reader .
We only observe that the larger the mob , the more likely it is to be galloping in the wrong direction .
So are we dollar bears , or bulls ?
The answer , dear reader , is both – the former over the long haul … but the latter before then .
Dan Denning , our friend and colleague on our Australian DR desk , puts it thus : “ Though we are confirmed US dollar bears , the dollar is looking oversold .
Stocks are looking overbought .
And frankly the reflation of all asset markets ( bonds , stocks , commodities , and real estate ) is looking over cooked …
Watch out ! ”
Asian and European markets largely floundered overnight after Wall Street ’s lackluster session yesterday .
Here in the Far East , Japan ’s Nikkei 225 dipped 1.35 % by the close while Hong Kong ’s Hang Seng and the Aussie All Ords ended down by 1.85 and 1.45 % respectively .
China ’s CSI index was the only major measure to buck the trend .
It finished higher by 0.45 % .
Back to the European measures and London ’s FTSE , Germany ’s DAX and France ’s CAC 40 all finished lower by around 1.3 % for the day .
In the commodity pits , crude had slipped back a bit last we checked .
A barrel of the world ’s goo was down about 60 cents to just shy of $ 79 .
Gold was hanging on around $ 1,036 per ounce … but looking a little punch drunk .
Until next time …
Cheers ,
Joel Bowman
for The Daily Reckoning
Errors In Calculations Undermine Greenhouse Gas Reduction
Critics of global warming will note that if the people behind the Kyoto protocol can't even get basic accounting correct there may be plenty of errors in simulations but science is about convergence over time .
And owning up to little mistakes and fixing them .
An international team has found a critical error in the accounting method used to measure compliance with carbon limits and the flaw , which centers on the measurement of CO2 emissions from the use of bioenergy , could undermine greenhouse gas reduction goals if not addressed .
Current carbon accounting , used in the Kyoto Protocol and other climate legislation including the European Union 's cap - and - trade law and the American Clean Energy and Security Act , does not factor CO2 released from tailpipes and smokestacks utilizing bioenergy nor does it count emissions resulting from land use changes when biomass is harvested or grown .
That means they consider bioenergy as carbon neutral regardless of the source of the biomass - which everyone except politicians knows is not true - and if penalties are instituted it means there economic incentives for large - scale land conversion to biomass .
Which wo n't help global warming at all .
The authors in Science contend that across - the - board exemption of CO2 emissions from bioenergy is improper in greenhouse gas regulations if emissions due to land - use changes are also not included .
" The potential of bioenergy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions inherently depends on the source of the biomass and its net land - use effects , " the authors write .
Land -use emissions stemming from bioenergy use vary widely .
Clearing established forests to burn wood or grow energy crops results in large releases of CO2 while converting unproductive land to support , for example , fast - growing grasses , may result in net carbon reduction .
Under the current carbon accounting system , both scenarios are counted as a 100 % reduction in energy emissions .
" When forests or other plants are harvested for bioenergy , the resulting carbon release must be counted either as land - use emissions or energy emissions , " says Melillo .
" If this is not done , the use of bioenergy will contribute to our greenhouse gas problem rather than help to solve it . "
Melillo and his colleagues say the accounting flaw is fixable and call for a system that would track the actual flow of carbon and count all CO2 emissions , whether from fossil fuels or bioenergy .
They further recommend that any crediting system for assessing bioenergy consider changes in carbon reserves ; emissions of other damaging greenhouse gases other than CO2 , such as nitrous oxide ; as well as land - use emissions .
" Bioenergy has the potential to provide a substantial amount of energy and help nations meet greenhouse caps , but correct accounting must be in place to prevent unintended consequences of unsustainable bioenergy production , " says Melillo .
A trial in Sydney could determine whether internet service providers ( ISPs ) can be held responsible for their users ' pirated content .
One of Australia 's largest ISPs , the Perth - based iiNet , is being sued by a consortium of film distribution companies .
The movie houses say the internet company has not been doing anything to stop its customers from illegally sharing movies and TV programs on the net .
But iiNet says if the movie company 's demands are met , it would breach privacy laws and freedom of speech .
The case went before the Federal Court in Sydney on Tuesday morning .
The barrister representing the entertainment companies Tony Bannon SC , said investigators tracked 97,942 instances of iiNet customers sharing files illegally over 59 weeks .
The plaintiffs have narrowed down their case by focusing on just 86 popular movies and TV shows , including the latest Batman films , Pirates of the Caribbean and the TV shows The Simpsons , Bones and Heroes .
The entertainment companies compiled their evidence by hiring two investigators to subscribe to iiNet , to get accounts there and then begin trading files using different BitTorrent networks .
They kept track of what movies and TV shows they were sharing , when they downloaded them and the ID numbers of the computers they were sharing these files with .
Every week the entertainment companies sent that data to iiNet and asked that iiNet then disconnect the users who had been sharing the files illegally , but they say iiNet has done nothing about it .
Mr Bannon says iiNet is refusing to enforce its own user agreement , which says that they will not download files or anything illegally .
He is arguing that iiNet profits from selling bandwidth on the internet and as illegal downloads use a lot of bandwidth , the more that users download the more money iiNet goes on to make from them .
The hearings will continue over the next month .
iiNet is yet to mount their defence , but previously they have indicated privacy considerations stop them using information about what their clients do online .
They also say they will contest the notion hat they have been authorising any illegal file sharing , giving the analogy that if people were to send cocaine through the mail , Australia Post would not be taken to court for that illegal activity .
The court case will continue for at least over the next month .
There is alot at stake in this case , as it will determine to what extent Australian internet companies are responsible for illegal downloads on their systems .
From : michiexile
2007 -10 - 16 11:13 pm ( UTC )
So , now , obviously the question is whether Mndn ( C ) corresponds to composing n monads .
From : pozorvlak
2007 -10 - 17 07:36 am ( UTC )
Yep :-)
I 'm hoping this is in the paper .
Actually , I think we 're most of the way there with the cases n=2 and n=3 : an object in Mnd4 ( C ) is a composable pair of ( composable pairs of monads ) , so ( and this is the dubious step ) a composable quartet of monads , and so on ...
Except that argument can't work in general , because then an object of Mnd5 ( C ) would be a composable triple of composable pairs of monads , and so ( ha ! ) a composable sextuple of monads !
Hmmm ....
From : pozorvlak
2007 -10 - 17 08:11 am ( UTC )
We give a framework for combining n monads on the same category via distributive laws satisfying Yang - Baxter equations , extending the classical result of Barr and Wells which combines two monads via one distributive law .
We show that this corresponds to iterating n- times the process of taking the 2 - category of monads in a 2 - category , extending the result of Street characterising distributive laws .
We show that this framework can be used to construct the free strict n- category monad on n-dimensional globular sets ; we first construct for each i a monad for composition along bounding i-cells , and then we show that the interchange laws define distributive laws between these monads , satisfying the necessary Yang - Baxter equations .
So it looks like the answer is " yes " :-)
From the abstract :
So it looks like the answer is " yes " :-)
From : pozorvlak
2007 -10 - 19 10:54 am ( UTC )
The 2 - category Mnd(C ) has
- objects : objects
A of C , together with a monad T on A ( hence , quadruples ( A , T , μ , η ) , thus making rather a nonsense of the term " triple " for monad :-) )
- 1 - cells : lax maps of monads ( ie , a 1 - cell F: A → A ' in C and a 2 - cell φ T A---> A | φ | F| => | F v T' v A ' --> A ' making some diagrams commute
- 2-cells : 2 - cells of C doing The Right Thing wrt 1 - cells .
So a monad in Mnd( C ) is a monad in C , plus a 1 - cell ( F , φ ) : ( A , T ) -> ( A , T ) and some 2 - cells μ' , η' .
The axioms imply that F: A → A is a monad with μ' and η' , and φ is a distributive law TF → FT .
Repeating this construction gives you an object with n monads on it , and enough distributivity to give a monad structure to the composite .
The content of the paper is thus ( a ) what I just said , and ( b ) your coherence axioms for n composable monads stay sane : you just need the usual axioms for a distributive law and the Yang - Baxter equations , no matter how high n goes .
Which is pretty cool , I think :-)
OK , I talked to Tom about this yesterday , and here 's roughly how it works :
The 2 - category Mnd( C ) has - objects : objects A of C , together with a monad T on A ( hence , quadruples ( A , T , μ , η ) , thus making rather a nonsense of the term " triple " for monad :-) )- 1 - cells : lax maps of monads ( ie , a 1 - cell F: A → A ' in C and a 2 - cell φmaking some diagrams commute - 2 - cells : 2 - cells of C doing The Right Thing wrt 1 - cells .
So a monad in Mnd( C ) is a monad in C , plus a 1 - cell ( F , φ ) : ( A , T ) -> ( A , T ) and some 2 - cells μ' , η' .
The axioms imply that F: A → A is a monad with μ' and η' , and φ is a distributive law TF → FT .
Repeating this construction gives you an object with n monads on it , and enough distributivity to give a monad structure to the composite .
The content of the paper is thus ( a ) what I just said , and ( b ) your coherence axioms for n composable monads stay sane : you just need the usual axioms for a distributive law and the Yang - Baxter equations , no matter how high n goes .
Which is pretty cool , I think :-)
From : ( Anonymous )
2009 -11 - 14 10:53 pm ( UTC )
Distributive Law and Transformers
Some monad transformers are probably related to distributive laws .
For instance , MaybeT :
newtype MaybeT m a = MT ( m ( Maybe a ) )
So the Maybe transformer is actually a permutation of Maybe past whatever monad you 're wrapping .
And you can probably create a transformer based on a distributive law .
newtype DT m n a = DT ( n ( m a ) )
join :: DT m n ( DT m n a ) ->
DT m n a
-- join :: n ( m ( n ( m a ) ) ) -> n ( m a )
join = <use distributivity >
However , other transformers let you combine monads that do n't have ( obvious to me , at least ) distributive laws .
For instance :
newtype StateT s m a = StateT ( s -> m ( s , a ) )
The m is only permuted half - way through the normal state monad s -> ( s , a ) .
And I do n't know of any distributive law :
forall m. Monad m => ( forall a .
State ( m a ) -> m ( State a ) )
or vice versa , or even for particular monads m ( off the top of my head ) .
So transformers seem more generally useful ( State is a pretty common monad to want to build into a stack ) , despite the unfortunate fact that I know of no categorical grounding for them ( in fact , all the categorically well - grounded monad composition schemes I 've seen require you to sacrifice something useful about transformers , unfortunately ) .
From : ( Anonymous )
2009 -11-16 02:55 pm ( UTC )
( co ) monads over ( co ) Kleisli categories I have had ( co ) monads over arbitrary categories implemented in category - extras for a while .
This lets you describe things like a state - in - context monad over ST that lets you describe memoized comonadic computation .
That said , they are somewhat weak , because you can't define certain monads once and for all across all CCC's , because Haskell 's type system gets in your way .
i.e. the reader monad should be definable once and for all , but the need to add some kind of newtype wrapper and remove it in order to dispatch properly breaks it irrevocably .
I meant to write up an article on that at some point , but more or less just kind of put it down once I realized how little I could actually use it for from a library writing perspective .
Any monad in Mnd ( Mnd( C ) ) giving rise to 3 monads result is new to me though , and very cool !
Washington ( CNN ) --
A crew member aboard a U.S. Navy ship accidentally fired a machine gun into the Polish port city of Gdynia on Wednesday while cleaning the weapon , Navy officials said Friday .
Three rounds were fired from an M240 machine gun into the town but no injuries or damage were reported , officials said .
The gun , aboard the USS Ramage , a Navy destroyer , is used to defend the ship in close combat .
Navy officials said a crew member was cleaning the weapon when it accidentally discharged .
The incident happened as the ship was in port after returning from an international exercise in the Baltic Sea .
It was preparing to leave later that day , the Navy said .
Polish military police boarded the ship to investigate , and Navy officials said the crew of the Ramage fully cooperated .
No U.S. sailors were taken into custody by Polish authorities , Navy officials said .
There was no immediate word of a U.S. Navy investigation into the incident .
The first century B.C. was one of the most culturally rich in the history of the Roman Empire — the age of Cicero , Caesar and Virgil .
But as much as historians know about the great figures of this period of Ancient Rome , they know very little about some basic facts , such as the population size of the late Roman Empire .
Now , a group of historians has used caches of buried coins to provide an answer to this question .
During the Republican period of Rome ( about the fifth to the first centuries B.C ) , adult male citizens of Rome could be taxed and conscribed into the army and were also given the right to vote .
To keep track of this section of the population ( and their taxable assets ) , the Roman state conducted periodic censuses .
Unexplained increase
From the middle of the third to the end of the second centuries B.C. , the adult male population was estimated to have risen from about 200,000 to 400,000 individuals .
Those numbers , however , do n’t jibe with censuses organized by the first emperor Augustus in the first centuries B.C. and A.D. , which showed a population that had increased to about 4 million to 5 million males .
While the granting of citizenship to allies on the Italian peninsula accounts for some of the increase , there is still an estimated unexplained doubling or tripling in the Roman population before the first Augustan census in 28 B.C.
Just what accounts for that increase is a matter of intense debate .
One camp explains the discrepancy by suggesting that the Empire began counting women and children in the census .
While this would account for the relative increase , it would actually imply an overall decline in the population of Rome and there are no suggestions that the entire populace was counted in historical records .
On the other side of the debate are those who suggest that the population simply boomed .
This would mean that the Roman Empire — and other premodern societies — achieved much higher economic output than previously supposed .
It would mean that Roman history as it is now understood would have to be rewritten .
Coin clues
To help put an end to the debate , University of Connecticut theoretical biologist Peter Turchin and Stanford University ancient historian Walter Scheidel focused on the region 's prevalence of coin hoards , those bundles of buried treasure that people hid to protect their savings during times of great violence and political strife .
If the people who hid these bundles were killed or driven off , they would n't have been able to retrieve them , leaving them for archaeologists to find .
According to the researchers , mapping out the times when the coins were buried is a good indirect method for measuring the intensity of internal warfare and unrest , and therefore a key indicator of population demographics .
" Hoards are an excellent indicator of internal turmoil , " Turchin said .
" This is a general phenomenon , not just in Rome . "
The model the two developed using the coin distribution and less controversial census data from earlier periods suggests that the population of Rome did in fact decline after 100 B.C. , suggesting the census did likely begin to include women and children and that Ancient Rome was n't substantially larger than historians had thought .
By these estimates the entire population of the Roman Empire — and not just its male population — was somewhere around 4 million to 5 million people by the end of the first century B.C .
" This may seem like an arcane dispute , but it is n't really because the difference is so large – 200 percent , " Scheidel said .
" This model is much more consistent with the low count .
I 'm not sure that by itself it has absolutely proven it , but it certainly provides additional evidence for the low - count hypothesis . "
The findings are detailed in the Oct. 5 issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Marijuana is Safer : So ... Tvert , Mason Best Price : $ 2.99 Buy New $ 21.00 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
When a state u201 Cnullifies  a federal law , it is proclaiming that the law in question is void and inoperative , or u201Cnon - effective ,  within the boundaries of that state ; or , in other words , not a law as far as that state is concerned .
While the media of late tends to focus on the new crop of states resisting DC with legislation on firearms and health care , they almost always miss , or ignore , what I consider to be some of the greatest and most effective state resistance to federal power  marijuana activism .
According to our friends at NORML , there are now 13 states who are openly resisting federal laws on medical marijuana .
And now my home state of California is on the verge of taking it to the next level  full legalization .
According to a report in the SF Chronicle :
Two prominent East Bay marijuana advocates got clearance from the state today to try to put a pot-legalization initiative on the November 2010 California ballot .
This is nt your run -of - the - mill medical marijuana bill  that s already legal in CA .
If approved by voters , the bill would :
allow anyone over 21 to possess or grow marijuana for personal use .
It would allow each local government to decide whether to tax and regulate marijuana sales .
Read the rest of the article
October 3 , 2009
The Best of Michael Boldin
October 17 , 2009 at 17:28 Tags C & C ++
It seems there is a lot of dislike and hate for C++ out there .
This is n't new - it has always been like this .
But lately this issue comes more into focus in the programming community , and I do n't even understand why .
After all , C++ is certainly a less important language now than it has been a few years ago , since more applications are being written in dynamic languages like Python , and new languages like C# gained some popularity and market share on the expense of C ++.
Proggit fame Proggit , the programming section of reddit.com is probably the most popular place for general programming discussion these days .
Dozens of topics are raised every day and the more popular can easily generate hundreds of comments in just a few hours .
Traditionally , Proggit was considered by many to be a snub place where language zealots reside and advice everyone to learn Haskell and Lisp .
IMHO this is n't the right impression .
Perhaps these languages get more Proggit share than their actual use , but this is far from saying that " real " issues are not being discussed there .
Like bashing C++.
Here 's a short collection of recent discussions , with the original articles that started them :
A redditor asked two months ago whether he 's crazy for liking C++.
Here 's a very nice quote from one of the answers :
You like C++ because you 're only using 20 % of it .
And that 's fine , everyone only uses 20 % of C++ , the problem is that everyone uses a different 20 % :)
Peter Seibel , the author of Coders at Work asked most of the star programmers he interviewed about C++ , got many negative opinions and very few positive ones ( and even those , quite reserved ) .
Proggit discussion .
And of course , there 's the famous post made by Linus Torvalds in the Git mailing list , meanly bashing C++.
Proggit had many threads on the topic , but this behemoth of almost 1000 comments is probably the most notable .
It was discussed again a few weeks ago , with the same general spirits .
So why is C++ so bad ?
A fellow Israeli named Yossi Kreinin compiled a whole website dedicated to the deficiencies of C++ : the C++ FQA - " Frequently Questioned Answers " .
A word of warning - if you have to write a large amount of C++ code soon , do n't read the FQA - you may get really bummed .
The FQA has also been discussed quite a few times , and although at times it is a bit too harsh , overall the observations made there are correct .
Very few corrections have been made over the years it exists .
C++ does have many flaws .
My personal contribution : the worst thing about C++ , IMHO , it 's that it 's extremely hard to understand code written by others .
Here , I said it .
Not the templates , not the exceptions , not memory management and not diamond inheritance .
Yes , all these features are n't perfect and could have been designed in a better way , but they 're manageable .
Reading the code of others is the biggest problem .
And since C++ applications are rarely a one - man - job ( much less than in the more dynamic and hence productive languages ) , reading code is an important part of a C++ programmer 's job , and reading C++ code is darn hard .
Wanna read C++ code written by great programmers ?
Try to read the source of boost , or Andei Alexandrescu 's code - good luck !
Wanna read C++ code written by poor programmers ?
Do n't even bother .
Linus Torvalds , in his tirade against C++ explicitly says that he uses C to avoid C++ code contributions from other people ( well , he used stronger words ... )
Code readability is one of the major reasons I prefer Python over Perl .
Perl is a mostly a good language , but Perl code written by others tends to be unreadable .
Luckily , there are great alternatives to Perl - Python and Ruby for example .
With C++ the problem is deeper .
Yes , it 's complex and it allows to write unreadable code , but this by itself does n't make it a bad language .
Contrary to Perl , however , there is no real alternative to C ++.
But what 's the alternative , C ?
And herein lies the great dilemma .
Yes , C++ is needed less these days .
Many applications ( oh , lucky souls ! ) can get by using Python , Ruby or something of the sort .
Many applications ( especially for Windows ) get written in C# .
But for some kinds of applications it seems that the only viable options are still C and C ++.
There are many examples , really , but take something popular - µ Torrent - an amazing amount of functionality , useful GUI , fast and slim , comes as a standalone .exe weighing less thank 300 KB .
µ Torrent is written in C++ , and you could never , ever , make it so fast and small using any other language .
C++ and C are the only options you have here .
Another example is something like Photoshop - can you even imagine writing an application of such size , and yet top - notch performance , that runs on several platforms , in anything other than C or C ++?
Firefox is yet another example , written in C ++.
Web servers are usually written in C .
When you have to squeeze absolutely the most performance out of an application , C and C++ remain the only really viable choices .
No matter how much optimization IQ goes into the JVM , C and C++ allow you to write code that is " close to the metal " and hence for the critical , hand - optimized code sections , they will certainly be faster .
And the big problem , the greatest dilemma comes when you have to choose between the two .
C is much less reviled than C++ , and rightly so .
The language is much simpler , and hence has much less itches to scratch .
And reading C code is surely easier than reading C++ code .
But who will start a new project in C these days , unless it 's an OS kernel , has to run on an embedded device , or Linus Torvalds is in the team ?
After all , you can take C++ and write it as a better C. Is n't it a shame to reimplement all those conveniences of C++ with plain C ?
OK , let 's just use those nice string and vector classes instead of writing our own .
And , oh , this ADT we have here is better written as a class .
Et cetera , and very quickly you start hacking partial template specializations and pondering the dynamic casts of your multiple inheritance ridden class hierarchies .
Where do you stop ?
Which subset of C++ do you pick and stick to it to really make it a " better C " ?
Let me paste that quote once more :
You like C++ because you 're only using 20 % of it .
And that 's fine , everyone only uses 20 % of C++ , the problem is that everyone uses a different 20 % :)
For someone the good parts of C++ are exceptions and RAII .
For another it 's templates and STL containers .
Each one is picking his own subset , and no one seems to agree whose subset is better / safer / more comprehensible .
This is how all religious wars start .
This web - log calls for the repeal of the 17th Amendment and addresses the hegemony committed by the US Senate .
The first significant step to remove the domination and unmistakable corruption deriving from the National Government and the restoration of the Federal is to repeal the 17th Amendment .
Americans should fear the steady hegemonic growth by the Senate oligarchy because the US Constitution cannot be spoiled by bombs , the courts , or the President , but only through malevolent legislation .
Valero Energy has just announced it is shutting down its Delaware City Refinery .
This is a major news announcement because refiners should be seen as a canary in the coalmine for end - user demand and Valero is one company in the oil patch which has been loath to cut workers to improve the bottom line .
This announcement is an indicator that , despite a technical recovery , the economy still has major obstacles to overcome .
Business
Wire reports :
Valero Energy Corporation ( NYSE : VLO ) announced today it intends to permanently shut down its Delaware City refinery due to financial losses caused by very poor economic conditions , significant capital spending requirements and high operating costs .
The shutdown will affect approximately 550 employees at the plant .
Valero notified refinery employees today of the impending shutdown , and will immediately begin negotiations with the refinery ’s unions regarding the effects of the plant closure and the employees ’ severance packages .
A safe and orderly shutdown of the refinery will commence immediately .
Valero remains committed to its marketing businesses in the Northeast and will continue to reliably supply its customers , partially through higher throughput rates at the company ’s other refineries .
“ The decision to permanently close the Delaware City refinery was a very difficult one , ” said Valero Chairman and CEO Bill Klesse .
“ We have spent the last year diligently trying to avoid this situation , and I have worked closely with Gov. Markell in an effort to find a different outcome .
Earlier this fall , we shut down the gasifier and coking operations in an attempt to improve reliability and financial performance , but the refinery ’s profitability did not improve enough .
Additionally , we have sought a buyer for the refinery , but feasible opportunities have not materialized .
At this point , we have exhausted all viable options .
“ We realize that the decision to close the refinery affects many employees , their families , and the community .
We are thankful to our employees for their service , and we will treat them fairly during this difficult period . ”
In the fourth quarter of 2009 , the company expects to report a pre-tax charge of approximately $ 1.7 billion to $ 1.8 billion , or $ 2.00 to $ 2.15 per share after taxes , related primarily to asset impairment , employee severance and other shutdown costs .
The company estimates the cash portion of the pre-tax charge will be in the range of $ 125 million to $ 150 million .
The current and historical financial results of the affected operations will be shown as discontinued operations in the company ’s financial statements .
The new CEO Bill Klesse came to Valero via Ultramar Diamond Shamrock ( UDS ) , which Valero acquired at the top of the market in 2001 .
So , company ethos may be different than under Bill Greehey who was very committed to community .
And Delaware City is an old Getty / Shell - Motiva oil refinery and a legacy asset of Blackstone - controlled Premcor , the company run by former Tosco head and Salomon Brothers commodities trader Tom O’Malley .
So , it was not core to Valero ’s operations .
Valero already cut staff there in September .
And the Shell - Motiva JV had serious operating difficulties with the asset before offloading it to Premcor .
Nevertheless , this was a refinery which has been upgraded significantly to process less expensive heavy , sour crude oil .
The fact that Valero is laying off workers and shuttering the entire site tells you that the situation is bad .
They are saying in effect “ we cannot continue to operate at a loss through this business cycle . ”
If Valero ca n’t make money , no oil refiner can .
I see this in a macro context as a sign of cyclically weak end - user demand .
I do think peak oil is for real but the world is awash in oil and oil products right now .
Witness the recent post by FT Alphaville ’s Izabella Kaminska , which points to a glut of distillate entering the season of high distillate demand :
We feel it ’s Olivier Jakob at Petromatrix who really expressed the matter best on Friday .
As he wrote ( emphasis FT Alphaville ’s ) :
As per our Tuesday ad hoc note on floating stocks ; on a crude equivalent basis all of the OPEC and half of the IEA estimated oil demand growth for 2010 is already parked at anchor in floating stocks and these idled cargoes filled with oil are getting more and more attention .
By the end of the winter there is likely to be as much distillates afloat as in the total US at the end of winter 2007 and we expect that it will be more and more difficult for some of the Wall Street commodity banks to avoid mentioning the subject and to continue to hide the floating storage fill - up as “ demand from emerging economies ” .
The ICE Gasoil contango is currently widening and this will not work towards the reduction of these floating stocks .
In an environment of spare refining capacity the only solver to the growing floating stocks of Distillates is a sharp reduction in OPEC supplies [ ahem … Daily Mail ] , but only lower prices would trigger that .
The only answer that we see to GOD ( Glut of Distillate ) is a flat price correction sharp enough to force more OPEC supply cuts .
Starting 2010 with WTI at 80 +$ / bbl and a contango in a low demand environment there will not be much returns to be expected from commodities by some of the largest financial institutions ; hence with the evidence of the GOD being harder and harder to hide we would not be surprised if in a few weeks some of the Wall Street commodity banks start to change their tune and start to publicize the GOD .
A flat price correction would anyway be needed in the first quarter to allow a repositioning from the large financial players at better entry levels .
Which , of course , does n’t mean banks have been hoarding oil in a bid to drive the prices up .
It means , if anything , they ’ve been too slow to acknowledge the extent of the oversupply in the market and degree of muted demand , as well as depended too much on the idea that economic recovery will help spur demand by the year ’s end .
Meanwhile , as Jakob states , the solution to the glut lies in Opec shut-ins — not more output .
The fact that oil is trading at $ 80 a barrel in this climate should tell you that it is trading more as a financial asset than on supply / demand imbalances .
Is this why Warren Buffett is buying yet more oil assets ?
Watch refining margins ; they are telling indicators .
Disclosure : I have owned owned shares and call options in Valero and other refiners for a number of years , but I sold all positions in 2007 .
In his fortified headquarters , Lt - Col Charlie Calder drew a large red circle on a map with a laser pointer indicating a vast expanse of northern Helmand , his area of responsibility .
He then ringed a spot the size of a 10 p piece – less than 20 km square – to highlight the ground he and his battlegroup of 775 men have held during the bloodiest summer to date in Afghanistan .
" To be totally honest , the fact is they [ the Taliban ] still control everything beyond it and there is nothing we can do about it , " he said .
Beyond the hulking form of Mount Doom , an ominous landmark dominating the skyline , the enemy fighters operate freely across the district and into the mountains of Baghran .
They are held back by a circle of a dozen small patrol bases – inhabited by British and Afghan forces – that stand on the front line and battle any incursion from the insurgents who surround them in every direction .
A home - made wooden sign in one camp said it all : " Welcome to Stalingrad " .
Within Lt - Col Calder 's " ring of steel " , Musa Qala bazaar is bustling once again .
A school , a mosque and a clinic are up and running , and a variety of small projects to provide electricity and work are bubbling away .
The centre of Musa Qala is a relative oasis ( for in Helmand any area that suffers only a few roadside bombs , mortars , rockets and Taliban threats constitutes a haven ) , but without further troops and reconstruction , the British find themselves in a virtual stalemate .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" We have been largely security - focused .
I do n't think governance and reconstruction are moving forward sufficiently fast .
Not enough has been done .
Go and ask the Afghans – 99 per cent will say it is not happening fast enough , " said the commanding officer of the 2nd Battalion , The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers .
After the then - Brigadier Andrew Mackay and his men retook control of Musa Qala , he complained privately of a failure to provide adequate reconstruction to win over the hearts and minds of locals .
British soldiers risking their lives were being let down by the Government , said the officer who , three weeks ago , became another to prominently resign .
Lt - Col Calder said that , 21 months on , the situation had not improved swiftly enough and more needed to be done to bring the wavering local fighters or " $ 10 Taliban " onside .
" We [ soldiers ] are good at consent - winning , low - level , short - term stuff .
But we rely on the experts and reconstruction teams to deliver long - term reconstruction and governance .
Ultimately , we have the consent of the people , but that lasts only so long unless they see progress within the government - controlled areas . "
The young men on Lt - Col Calder 's front line are determined their friends who have died will not have done so in vain and are quick to emphasise that – in military terms – their tour has been a success .
" We are killing a lot of Taliban , " said Capt Olly Lever , 28 , of the Black Watch .
His platoon lost 22 - year - old Cpl Sean Binnie in May when he tried to rescue Afghan soldiers he was mentoring .
" People at home think we are taking a rogering .
It is not true . "
Cpl Jimmy Mather , 24 , said : " We are smashing them .
Every time we go forward they get a kicking .
We are making an impact .
He [ Cpl Binnie ] died doing something heroic .
He chose to put himself in extreme personal danger to save others . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
While the attention of people at home this summer was on Operation Panther 's Claw , further south in Helmand , the north - west battlegroup , around Musa Qala , was involved in its own fierce engagements .
During Operation Mar Lewe , they fought successfully to bring the 1,000 people of Yatimchay into the secure net , destroying a Taliban bomb factory and taking over narcotic strongholds in the process .
They pushed the enemy 's forward line back three kilometres where A Company 2nd Battalion , the Royal Welsh , now occupies Patrol Base Minden .
Surrounded on three sides , they can expect a friendly reception in Yatimchay to the north , albeit from locals who appeared blind last week to whoever had been placing roadside bombs on the British routes through their compounds .
" It is a time - honoured Pashtun tradition to keep a foot in each camp and play one against the other .
They [ the locals ] have n't yet seen one side or the other having the upper hand , " said Lt - Col Calder .
At Patrol Base Woqab , the most northerly post in Helmand , Major Richard Coates stood on the roof at dusk and pointed across the green zone at another building just a few hundred metres away .
It is known simply as Compound 17 , a Taliban firing point .
In a mirror image of the situation at Minden , when Major Coates sends his men from B Company 2nd Battalion , the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers , south into the secure zone surrounding the town of Musa Qala they can usually expect a friendly reception from locals who furtively point out where the insurgents have planted IEDs ( improvised explosive devices ) .
But a patrol north is greeted with an ambush .
Major Coates said : " During our brief time here we have seen signs of improvement .
It is going in the right direction .
For the locals , six months is nothing .
We have to bear that in mind . "
Of the 100,000 people in his region , one - fifth are protected and under government influence .
The rest are subjected to the brutality of Taliban law , checkpoints and taxes .
Lt - Col Calder said that an increase in British soldiers was not the only option .
However , of just 350 Afghan National Army soldiers and 150 police ( ANP ) he has had to work with during the past five months , a large proportion were diverted south to help with Panther 's Claw .
" The ANA and ANP are effective but , there again , they are limited . "
Their hatred of the Taliban makes them fierce fighters , British mentors said , but they are erratic and much happier rushing out to a battle than holding ground in defensive positions .
Meanwhile , Musa Qala remains isolated .
Once a month , a re-supply convoy of 50 vehicles travels the 60 kilometres from the main British base of Camp Bastion .
The final six kilometres are the most lethal .
The battlegroup has found 250 IEDs along this route in the past five months , a third of which have exploded .
This has severely hampered progress .
Determined efforts to clear the way when the Royal Welsh joined the battlegroup were , tragically , insufficient .
They were hit four times .
Pte Richard Hunt , 21 , who had survived a bomb a day earlier , was fatally wounded on 13 August , the 200th British soldier to die in Afghanistan .
Abdul Ahad , a farmer with seven children living beneath the crossfire around the British base near Woqab , said : " I hope my children will grow up and have a better life than me .
I wish they could be engineers or doctors , but there is no school near by . "
A farmer in Yatimchay said : " The enemy are everywhere .
They are planting bombs .
They do n't care about us or our children . "
The IEDs that pepper the area mean that every patrol resembles a game of Russian roulette .
Equally worrying is that the enemy is now using such " prestige weapons " as anti-aircraft machine guns , AGS - 17 automatic grenade launchers and heavy 120 mm mortars .
For soldiers , winning local consent is less about the grand vision for Afghanistan and more to do with daily survival , and some assurance that the pain they are suffering is worthwhile .
" An old man said ' God bless you ' as the patrol was going past the other day .
It was good to get a spontaneous , positive response , " said Sgt Giles Hodgskins , 37 , of the Royal Army Medical Corps .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts
A tiger ’s skin has stripes .
Glass is neither a solid nor liquid .
An inch of rain is equivalent to about 10 - 15 inches of snow .
The rock hyrax is related to the elephant .
The hump of a camel is made up of fat .
To avoid mating , female dragonflies will pretend to be dead .
The only venomous primate is the slow lorises .
Greenland sharks are 21 feet long .
Different planets have their unique sound .
Diamonds and pencils are made from the same material .
It takes Venus 243 Earth days to complete a single rotation .
Frogs absorb water through their skin .
The dinosaur plant can survive extreme cases of dehydration .
8 different muscles make up the human tongue .
A hurricane can produce the same energy as 10,000 nuclear bombs .
Carrots were originally grown purple .
Your DNA is fireproof .
There are approximately 4,810 known species of frogs in the world .
85 % of the planet ’s oxygen comes from the ocean .
Bamboo is the world ’s fastest - growing plant .
Table of Contents 01 Nature Facts Infographics 02
Most frogs can jump up to 20 times its height .
03 Slow lorises are only found in Southeast Asia .
04 The Iberian ribbed newt turns its bones into weapons .
05 Tigers are the most vengeful animals on the planet .
06 The diet of the Yellowstone bears consists of a large portion of moths .
07 You can boil and freeze liquids at the same time .
08 Black holes are not black .
09 The sloth only poops once a week .
10 The human femur is stronger than concrete .
11 Manatees can control their buoyancy by farting .
12 Only around 200 plant types are eaten by humans .
13 A frog ’s gender can be determined by its ears .
14 The poop of a baby guinea pig resembles popcorn .
15 The biggest volcano in the solar system is on Mars. 16 An owl does not have eyeballs .
17 Acacia trees can warn each other of danger .
18 Metal can weld by itself when in space .
19 Baby giraffes often use their butts as pillows .
20 The corpse flower has over 28 different varieties .
21 Frogs shed their skin .
22 The deadliest weather condition is considered heat .
23 Baby elephants suck on their trunks as human babies suck on their thumbs .
24 Goats have different accents .
25 More people have been killed by cows rather than by sharks .
26 A fungus that bleeds exists .
27 Male frogs croak to attract females .
28 Around 400 - 800 million tons of prey are killed yearly by the spider family .
29 Cheetahs are unable to roar .
30 Remains of 7 - feet penguins have been discovered .
31 Damselflies make a heart with their tails while mating .
32 The turkey is called ‘ India ’ in Turkey .
33 The human brain has shrunk over the last 10,000 years .
34 The only country without mosquitoes is Iceland .
35 The urine of maned wolves smells very similar to marijuana .
36 Often male giraffes will be gay rather than straight .
37 The pee of a camel comes out as thick as syrup .
38 The herds of the African buffalo make decisions based on votes .
39 The upper jaw of a frog contains teeth .
40 Bats are natural pest control .
41 The only mammal that can see UV light is the reindeer .
42
In the average human lifetime , you will grow around 600 miles worth of hair .
43 The King ’s holly plant can reproduce through cloning .
44 Only five Camas are known to ever exist .
45 Mosquitoes prefer Type - O blood .
46 The Milky Way galaxy is in an inevitable collision course with the Andromeda galaxy .
47 Saturn would float on water .
48 Cats can safely drink seawater .
49 Research has shown that dogs have distinctive music tastes .
50 Herpetology is the study of amphibians .
51 Generally , the southern viscacha spends most of its day relaxing .
52 The smallest cat in the Americas is the Kodkod .
53 The dementor wasp feeds on its prey alive .
54 Caffeine is a natural pesticide .
55 If a chameleon was blind , it can still change its colors to match its surroundings .
56 Baby manatees nurse on their mother ’s armpits .
57 Armadillos are bulletproof .
58 There are millions of billions of ants altogether .
59 The toxins of a single pufferfish can kill 30 full - grown adults .
60 The most venomous caterpillar in the U.S. is the puss caterpillar .
61 Women blink more often than men .
62 The Herring fish communicates through farts .
63 Quokkas are real .
64 Leaves provide food and air that allow the plant to live and grow .
65 Centipedes do not have sex .
66 Raccoons are highly capable of unlocking complex locks .
67 The male orb weaver spider has a detachable penis .
68 Dogs lift their legs while peeing to appear larger than they are .
69 Female brown trout will fake orgasms to avoid inferior males .
70 The Brazilian pygmy geckos can walk on the surface of the water .
71 Male lobsters often pee in each other ’s faces when fighting over a female .
72 Scientists have come up with a special method of identifying zebras from one another .
73 Vultures are bald due to how they devour their prey .
74 Female tarantulas can live without water for two years .
75 Sperm whales sleep vertically .
76 Female platypuses sweat milk .
77 Turtles can breathe through their bottom .
78 Female bandicoots are only pregnant for 12 - 13 days before giving birth .
79 Male bed bugs will stab the female in the abdomen and directly ejaculate into her body cavity .
80 Female kangaroos will abandon their joey when being chased by a predator .
81 A porcupine prepares his mate by peeing on them .
Nature Facts Infographics
Most frogs can jump up to 20 times its height .
The biggest frog in the world is the goliath frog found in West Africa .
Their bodies can grow up to a foot long .
On average , a frog can jump 130 inches high in one leap .
Slow lorises are only found in Southeast Asia .
They are also highly venomous .
One bite from these creatures can be painful and lethal .
Their venomous trait is said to have evolved to mimic the spectacled cobras .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
The Iberian ribbed newt turns its bones into weapons .
This particular amphibian has one of the most disturbing defense mechanisms on the animal planet .
The Iberian ribbed newt will push out its bones until it pierces through its body to protect itself from predators .
Its bones then act as a poisonous barb that keeps its enemies away .
Tigers are the most vengeful animals on the planet .
Research has found that tigers will seek vengeance on those that have wronged them .
One situation was stated wherein a tiger held onto this grudge for over 48 hours before attacking and killing hunters that tried to kill it .
The diet of the Yellowstone bears consists of a large portion of moths .
In a day , the Yellowstone bear will consume an average of 40,000 moths a day .
At this rate , scientists state that the bear can consume around one - third of its yearly energy requirements in just a month .
Here are some more nature facts .
These moths are also high in fat and are energy - dense .
You can boil and freeze liquids at the same time .
The boiling and freezing points of water both depend on pressure .
Pressure can be adjusted to make the boiling and freezing point the same .
This can be achieved by setting it at the triple point of water or 273.16 K .
Black holes are not black .
Black holes exist due to the forces of gravity and because the speed of light is not infinite .
This phenomenon appears black due to the particle horizons and the material that is attracted by it .
The sloth only poops once a week .
Sloths need to climb down their trees once a week to poop .
However , when they do go down , it makes them more susceptible to predators .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
The human femur is stronger than concrete .
The femur is made up of human bone tissue that is incredibly strong .
One cubic inch of a bone also has four times the strength of the same size unit of concrete .
How ’s that for amazing nature facts ?
Manatees can control their buoyancy by farting .
Their buoyancy is controlled by discontinuous fart cycles .
Manatees can also control and regulate the distribution of their intestinal gases .
When they want to sink , they contain the gas and when they want to rise the gases are released .
Only around 200 plant types are eaten by humans .
Here are some fun nature facts that talk about our diets .
Humans eat three main crops including rice , wheat , and maize .
Out of all plant types , we consume these the most for over thousands of years .
A frog ’s gender can be determined by its ears .
Frog ears can be spotted right behind their eyes .
For males , the disk - like organ near its ears is larger than that of the females .
Their ears are also called the tympanum .
The poop of a baby guinea pig resembles popcorn .
When a guinea pig is excited and happy it will jump around while pooping .
Because of this action , it has been dubbed as popcorning .
These creatures may also spontaneously popcorn repeatedly .
The biggest volcano in the solar system is on Mars .
This volcano on Mars is named Olympus Mons .
This volcano is about 3 times the size of Mt. Everest and towers 26 km high .
This volcano is located in the Tharsis region along with 3 other large volcanoes .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
An owl does not have eyeballs .
The eyes of an owl are long and tube - like .
Because of this shape , they are unable to turn or move their eyes .
Instead , they can turn their heads up to 270 degrees to gain vision around their surroundings .
Now that ’s some cool owl facts .
Acacia trees can warn each other of danger .
If you did n’t know , acacia trees have a unique defense system that allows them to better survive .
When herbivore animals approach it , it naturally increases tannin production to its leaves that are toxic to them .
This tree also emits ethylene gas that can travel through the air and reaches other nearby trees so it warns them as well .
Metal can weld by itself when in space .
This is mainly due to the absence of oxygen in space .
Metal fuses more easily because the surface of the metal is not oxidized .
Baby giraffes often use their butts as pillows .
Often giraffes will sleep curled up to do so .
Giraffes are also one of the few animals known to suffer from insomnia .
The corpse flower has over 28 different varieties .
All of these variants can be found within Southeast Asia .
More specifically , these variants can be found in Malaysia , Thailand , and the Philippines .
The corpse flower is also known as the Rafflesia .
Frogs shed their skin .
Like most animals , they shed their skin periodically .
However , unlike most animals , they push their shedding skin into their mouths and eat it .
Some frogs will shed their skin weekly , and some will shed once a day .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
The deadliest weather condition is considered heat .
Scientists have discovered that in the past 30 years , the most extreme type of weather condition is heat .
However , floods , hurricanes , and storms are considered to be the most destructive form of weather conditions .
Baby elephants suck on their trunks as human babies suck on their thumbs .
This habit provides comfort to the baby elephant when it is not being nursed by its mother .
Trunk sucking also helps the baby elephant learn how to use and control its trunk .
Goats have different accents .
A British study found that goats from different areas will have different accents .
These accents are also said to change as they grow older and move in different groups .
While it has not been proven if they have their language , goats have been found to understand each other ’s accents .
More people have been killed by cows rather than by sharks .
Annually , there are only five deaths caused by sharks .
However , cows kill almost four times more the amount every year .
Cows kill around 22 people annually .
A fungus that bleeds exists .
The Hydnellum peckii exudes a thick and dark red sap across its white cap which causes it to look like it ’s bleeding .
The good news is that this fungus is not poisonous .
But despite not containing any poison , it has an incredibly bitter taste .
Male frogs croak to attract females .
The deep purring croaks frogs make is done to ward off males and attract females .
In most frog species , only the males can croak .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
Around 400 - 800 million tons of prey are killed yearly by the spider family .
Researchers used two types of calculation methods to get this answer .
In both models , the live global population of spiders was shown .
Cheetahs are unable to roar .
Instead of roaring , they meow much like house cats do .
Roaring is possible due to the special two - piece hyoid bone in the throat which they do not possess .
All non-roaring cats such as the cheetah only have a one - piece hyoid bone .
Remains of 7 - feet penguins have been discovered .
Human - sized remains of a penguin were discovered in Southern New Zealand in 2017 .
The bone length was around 1.7 m long or the average height of a human man .
Damselflies make a heart with their tails while mating .
The male clasps the female from the back of the head and the female curls down her abdomen to pick up sperm .
This position aligns them into the shape of a heart .
The turkey is called ‘ India ’ in Turkey .
In India , they are called ‘ Peru ’ and in Cambodia , they are called the ‘ French Chicken ’ .
All of its names refer to its mistaken exotic origins .
The human brain has shrunk over the last 10,000 years .
Scientists believe that this may most likely be due to the decline in the human ’s average body size .
However , this does not mean that humans have grown to become less intelligent .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
The only country without mosquitoes is Iceland .
Entomologists have found that mosquitoes have never migrated nor settled in Iceland yet .
However , they do reside in the neighboring countries that surround it .
The urine of maned wolves smells very similar to marijuana .
The aroma is so similar to the drug that police once spent a day scouting around Rotterdam zoo trying to find illegal smokers .
They were surprised to find out that the scent came from the exhibit of the maned wolves .
Often male giraffes will be gay rather than straight .
Around 90 % of male giraffes will mate with another male .
Additionally , this also acts as a method of establishing dominance in a pack .
Know more about homosexual animals here !
The pee of a camel comes out as thick as syrup .
This is mainly due to their ability to retain water for long periods under extreme heat .
Camel feces also come out dry and can be immediately used to fuel fires .
Camel pee is also sold as a traditional medicine in Saudi Arabia .
The herds of the African buffalo make decisions based on votes .
The African buffalo is known to be a herd that makes decisions based on actions .
In some groups , females indicate travel preferences by standing up and staring at a direction then lying back down .
Research shows that only female buffalos , regardless of social status can vote and make decisions for the group .
The upper jaw of a frog contains teeth .
These teeth are called maxillary .
However , frogs usually swallow their food whole and therefore have no use for these teeth .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
Bats are natural pest control .
This is why they are considered important in terms of biodiversity .
Bats prey on insects as their main source of nutrition and help keep the insect population in control .
This means that they are also very beneficial to humans as well because there are fewer pests to handle .
The only mammal that can see UV light is the reindeer .
Here are some interesting nature facts about reindeers .
A reindeer ’s eyes are not damaged by taking in UV light .
By letting UV light enter their eyes , they are also able to better process information about their surroundings without suffering any side effects .
They use this ability to find food and avoid predators and other mammals .
In the average human lifetime , you will grow around 600 miles worth of hair .
This is about twice the length of Lake Superior and equivalent to about 428.4 inches per strand of hair .
On average , a person will have around 150,000 hair follicles on their head .
The King ’s holly plant can reproduce through cloning .
The Holly plant has been kept alive for over 140,000 years .
However , it has been stated recently that this plant may finally die due to a fungal infection .
Australian scientists are looking into methods on how to prevent this .
Only five Camas are known to ever exist .
A cama is an offspring between a camel and a llama .
These creatures are bred through a controlled environment in Dubai .
However , humans are known to produce them mainly for their fur .
Mosquitoes prefer Type - O blood .
Research has indicated that people who possess
Type - O blood are more likely to be bitten than any other blood type .
This is mainly due to the blood type containing more protein and minerals than others .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
The Milky Way galaxy is in an inevitable collision course with the Andromeda galaxy .
Scientists have stated that in 4 billion years from now , our galaxy will collide with the Andromeda galaxy .
This is because both galaxies are hurtling towards each other at a speed of 402,000 kph .
Saturn would float on water .
Saturn is known as the second - largest planet in our solar system .
However , this planet is mainly made up of gas and is less dense than water .
Therefore , being able to float if it were to be submerged in water due to it being lighter .
How ’s that for amazing space nature facts ?
Cats can safely drink seawater .
The kidneys of felines can filter out the salt in the water .
Because of this ability , cats can consume and properly rehydrate with saltwater .
Research has shown that dogs have distinctive music tastes .
Scientists have uncovered that dogs will have their individual music preferences .
While these tastes may differ from dog to dog , one of the most commonly preferred genres is reggae .
Herpetology is the study of amphibians .
This branch of zoology focuses on the study of reptiles and amphibians such as snakes , turtles , and frogs .
Many studies and research also focuses on the conservation of the species and its environments .
Generally , the southern viscacha spends most of its day relaxing .
On average , it spends most of its time perched on a rock , sunbathing .
It will also leisurely groom itself or other viscachas .
Did you enjoy these relaxing nature facts ?
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
The smallest cat in the Americas is the Kodkod .
These felines can be found in Chile and Argentina .
Its scientific name is the Leopardus guigna or more often referred to as guina .
These felines are also closely related to other small cats found in South America such as the Margay .
The dementor wasp feeds on its prey alive .
This wasp native to Thailand is known for feeding on live roaches and using their bodies to incubate their eggs .
This species of wasp is also known as the cockroach wasp .
Caffeine is a natural pesticide .
Beverages such as coffee and tea are one of the most popular drink choices in the world .
However , they can also be used as a natural pesticide to get rid of insects and pests .
If a chameleon was blind , it can still change its colors to match its surroundings .
The chameleon ’s ability to match its environment does not rely on sight , but rather on the cells in its body called chromatophores .
Its skin can easily change to blend into its surroundings .
Baby manatees nurse on their mother ’s armpits .
The nipples of the female manatee are located under the front of its flippers .
They nurse their calves for up to two years while occasionally feeding them leafy vegetables .
Armadillos are bulletproof .
An armadillos shell is made from bony plates called osteoderms that grow in the skin .
This shell protects the creature from thorny shrubs and predators .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
There are millions of billions of ants altogether .
With more than 12,000 different ant species , that makes up a total of 1 million billion ants living on Earth .
The toxins of a single pufferfish can kill 30 full - grown adults .
Here ’s some scary nature facts .
There is no known antidote to this toxin of a pufferfish .
However , its meat is considered a delicacy and can only be prepared by a trained professional .
The most venomous caterpillar in the U.S. is the puss caterpillar .
This caterpillar is best known during its larva state rather than its moth form .
Despite the soft exterior hair they possess , the venomous spines on the bottom of its body are very sharp and deadly to humans .
Women blink more often than men .
The spontaneous blink rate between men and women is said to be 11:19 blinks per minute .
A study has also found that older women blink more frequently than younger women .
In some cases , excessive blinking may be due to problems with the eyelid or front surface of the eye .
The Herring fish communicates through farts .
These fishes communicate with each other through underwater sounds created by farts .
A study also found that high - pitch buzzing helps these fishes communicate better at night .
This method is also used to avoid attracting predators .
Quokkas are real .
You ’ve seen selfies with these really adorable quokkas and their toothy grins .
The good news is , they actually exist !
And the not - so - good news is , you can only find them in Australia , especially on Rottnest Island of Western Australia .
Time to plan a trip down under !
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
Leaves provide food and air that allow the plant to live and grow .
This process is called photosynthesis which turns light energy into food .
The leaves keep plants healthy this way .
Centipedes do not have sex .
They reproduce by males leaving packets of sperm for the females to find .
These sperm packets are called spermatophores .
Raccoons are highly capable of unlocking complex locks .
During a study conducted in 1908 , ethologists discovered that raccoons can pick complex locks in fewer than 10 attempts .
The locks were rearranged and placed upside down multiple times , but the raccoons were still able to open them .
The male orb weaver spider has a detachable penis .
When it knows it is time to mate , it will abandon its penis inside the female .
After doing so , the male will flee because it knows it will be devoured by the female otherwise .
The detachable genitalia , however , will continue to pump by itself once detached .
Find out more about animal sex here !
Dogs lift their legs while peeing to appear larger than they are .
This is done so that the scent will always be higher than they are .
This makes them seem bigger than their actual size to other dogs .
Female brown trout will fake orgasms to avoid inferior males .
The male brown trout will court a female by quivering their trunk muscles .
The most powerful male will drive off all other males .
The female then prepares to lay its eggs in a hole its dug but more often will fake the release of eggs .
This will lead the males into thinking otherwise and release their sperm onto the empty bed .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
The Brazilian pygmy geckos can walk on the surface of the water .
This reptile is less than one and a half inches long .
It is so small that it could drown in a small puddle .
However , because it is so light , they can rest on the surface of the water without being submerged .
Male lobsters often pee in each other ’s faces when fighting over a female .
Female lobsters will often seek the most aggressive male .
Because of this , the males will aggressively brawl with each other in an attempt to impress the females and establish dominance in the group .
Scientists have come up with a special method of identifying zebras from one another .
Each zebra has a special configuration of stripes that differ from others .
In 2011 , a device was invented to scan the stripes of zebras to tell them apart faster without tagging them .
This program was called StripeSpotter .
Vultures are bald due to how they devour their prey .
Vultures will stick their heads into their prey and eat them from the inside out .
This is possibly why their heads remain bald as the feathers would cause a mess while eating .
Female tarantulas can live without water for two years .
Their life span is also an average of 40 years .
Some species of tarantulas may live without food so long as there is water present .
Sperm whales sleep vertically .
They sleep vertically just below the surface of the ocean in groups .
These groups are called pods .
Read also : 80 Interesting Earth Facts That You Should Know About
Female platypuses sweat milk .
The female platypuses secrete milk from special mammary glands because they do not have teats .
The milk pools into the grooves on her abdomen which allows her younglings to drink it easily .
Turtles can breathe through their bottom .
Here ’s some surprising nature facts for you .
Certain species of aquatic turtles are structured to be able to breathe through their butts .
They have something called the cloacal bursae which are highly vascularized tissues that absorb oxygen .
Female bandicoots are only pregnant for 12 - 13 days before giving birth .
Its babies are born about a centimeter long .
The female will give birth to about 2 - 3 babies during one pregnancy .
After the baby attaches itself to the teat of its mother , it begins growing rapidly .
They leave the pouch after two months .
Male bed bugs will stab the female in the abdomen and directly ejaculate into her body cavity .
Bed bugs have such an intense mating process that it was even given its name .
The process is called traumatic insemination .
Male bed bugs are also occasionally found to stab other males with their sword - like penis .
Female kangaroos will abandon their joey when being chased by a predator .
Often , female kangaroos throw away their young to lessen weight and get away quicker from predators .
This also doubles as a distraction for the mother as the predator would be eating the joey first .
A porcupine prepares his mate by peeing on them .
When the female porcupine is ready , she will present her hindquarters to the male porcupine .
The male and female will mate until the female has had enough .
PARIS 
The French authorities have arrested a physicist who worked for years at CERN , the huge nuclear research center in Switzerland , on suspicion of links to Al Qaeda ’s affiliate in North Africa , the center said Friday .
James Gillies , a CERN spokesman , said the physicist was still registered as a member of the research team but had not been seen for some time .
In a statement , the center said that he was arrested Thursday and had worked as an analyst on projects involving its Large Hadron Collider , the world ’s largest particle accelerator , since 2003 , but that he was not an employee .
“ His work did not bring him into contact with anything that could be used for terrorism , ” said the statement from the center , whose formal name is the European Organization for Nuclear Research .
“ None of our research has potential for military application , and all our results are published openly in the public domain . ”
A person with knowledge of the investigation said that the physicist was arrested along with a younger brother , but that the physicist was the focus of the investigation .
Both are French citizens of Algerian origin .
If you or a loved one has been injured by the negligence or carelessness of another person or a corporation , the law entitles you to seek compensation for the damages caused by this careless conduct .
Of all the Georgia personal injury cases that our firm has handled over the years , approximately ninety percent ( 90 % ) involve a car wreck in Atlanta , a work injury in Atlanta , or a slip or trip and fall in Atlanta .
Understandably , the Atlanta metro area is the most prevalent city for injuries such as these simply because of its large population .
If you have been involved in a car accident in Georgia , you can seek compensation for medical expenses , lost wages , psychological injury and pain suffered from the accident .
Sadly , many Georgians lose their lives in car accidents on Atlanta roads and highways and this may give rise to a wrongful death claim .
Our diligent and experienced Atlanta personal injury lawyers will get you and your loved ones full compensation when you ’ve been injured due to the negligence of another driver .
Often , car wrecks are caused when a driver :
Follows too close and hits you from behind
Runs a red light or stop sign
Turns left into oncoming traffic that has the right of way
Fails to maintain their lane
Crosses the center line or attempts to pass in a no passing zone
Is intoxicated ( DUI ) and causes a crash due to impaired reaction time , impaired attention , or impaired perception
Fails to properly maintain his vehicle or tractor trailer in proper working order
Is a tractor trailer driver that drives too fast for conditions or fails to take rests or breaks as he is required to take by law
Is on his cell phone or texting and not paying attention to traffic
Seeking justice and financial compensation for injured parties is the definition of personal injury law .
At McAleer Law , we believe everyone should have equal access to justice .
Our firm ’s priority is to get our clients the money they deserve .
Charles McAleer and his associates at McAleer Law have extensive experience in personal injury law and workers compensation law in Georgia .
Another very common way folks in Georgia are injured is at work .
Many of the Atlanta workers compensation clients we represent are injured doing some type of medium to heavy duty work .
In these cases , spinal injuries , especially lower back injuries , are common .
We have represented numerous office , clerical , or trade workers such as iron workers and electricians , who are injured by some sort of fall on the work property , or when travelling for work , or simply just doing their everyday job , for example , typing which can lead to carpel tunnel syndrome .
If you ’ve been injured on the job in Georgia , you are entitled to medical treatment , income benefits and compensation if you are left with a permanent impairment from your injuries .
In addition to these benefits , you are also entitled to some out of pocket expenses , travel expenses , and , if you have a catastrophic injury , you may also be entitled to housing expenses and rehabilitation benefits .
Talk to an Atlanta workers ’ compensation lawyer today to find out if you are getting all of the benefits you are entitled to receive under the law .
Although most people understand the importance of getting checked for STDs , many people have anxiety when it comes to STD testing .
For many , the process is embarrassing , especially if their results turn out positive .
Not to mention , the testing process can be a hassle .
These factors lead many people to avoid getting an STD test altogether .
However , STDCheck has eliminated these issues with their web - based STD testing service .
How STDCheck Private Testing Works ?
Click Here to Learn More .
The STDCheck testing process has been designed entirely around the concept of being secure , private , and confidential .
Every step of the testing procedure has been implemented to help conceal your identity , from your visit to the testing lab to the payment process to the delivery of your results .
STDCheck.com has truly taken every step possible to ensure confidentiality .
Even more impressively , this company has devised an online platform which makes the entire process fast , efficient , and hassle - free .
After ordering your customizable test panel and paying using the online platform , simply show up to your chosen lab for a five minute test .
Within a few days , you will receive your results .
This three step testing process makes this service very attractive for anyone looking for a fast and private STD testing experience .
Below , we have conducted a deep dive review of STDCheck.com , which should help to answer all the questions you have about this company .
In this review , have provided a snapshot of this company , explained the types of diseases they test for , explained how the process works , outlined their credentials and pricing , provided answers to commonly asked questions about this company and their service , and examined the sentiments of consumers who have previously utilized this company ’s services .
About STDCheck
STDCheck is an online platform that provides a fast , efficient , and confidential testing for sexually transmitted diseases .
This company makes STD testing easy and private .
Users simply have to order their preferred testing package online , show up at a lab for a five minute test , and wait for their results .
This company is a private company and was founded in 2010 by Fiyyaz Pirani , the current CEO .
They are headquartered in Houston , Texas , but operate nationwide .
Who can use this service :
Anyone can use STDCheck.com , especially those who have had an unprotected sexual experience .
Minors over the age 16 do not need parental consent to use this service .
How long does it take to get results :
The time to takes to receive results can vary .
Usually , you will receive your results within about 1 - 2 days .
Which diseases does STD Check test for ?
STD Check overs a range of testing for the most common types of STDs .
Their testing can be conducted in either a full 10 - panel test , or you may opt to customize your own panel by picking and choosing the diseases you ’d prefer to be tested for .
The full range of diseases covered by this company ’s testing are as follows : HIV Type 1/2 , Herpes 1/2 , Hepatitis A/ B/C , Chlamydia , Gonorrhea , Syphilis …
Click Here to View STDcheck Pricing & STD Test Packages
STDCheck Review – How it Works
If you wanted to get screened for STDs , STDCheck.com is the website that you should visit .
How it works is simple – you enter your ZIP code , the system provides you with the information about the nearest testing centers in your area , you pay for the services , and expect the results to come after one to two days .
Everyone knows that having an STD can be embarrassing , and most people would prefer to keep the information private .
STDCheck.com knows this , and they are assuring their clients that all of the results that would come out is private and only known by the center and the person who went there to be checked .
The website is also encrypted , which means that all of the information that their clients are entering is secured and cannot be hacked .
The website does everything to keep the information private , and they are respecting the laws such as HIPAA and the Privacy Rule .
To make sure that the privacy of their clients is kept a secret , the website does not accept any form of insurance .
When someone wanted to use their insurance for a medical service , the information about the services they received will be sent back to their insurance company .
STDCheck.com does not want to do it to their customers because they believe that everyone ’s privacy should be protected .
Instead of working with the insurance company , STDCheck.com stated that they will only work directly with the people involved , and they will never disclose any information about their test results .
Keeping the results confidential is one of the core promises of the company .
Because of how they are treating their client ’s information as private , many people wanted to work with them , and it causes the number of people who are using the service to increase .
STDcheck Testing Procedure
STDCheck has an easy and effortless sign - up and testing process .
The majority of the testing process takes place on their online platform , while only a five minute lab test is required for the offline portion of the process .
The testing process is completed using the steps below :
Step 1 : Find Your Nearest Testing Location
When you arrive at the STDCheck website , you will be able to enter in your zip code to see all of the testing locations that are available in your area .
You can choose the testing facility that is the most convenient for you .
Testing facilities reside in all fifty U.S. states , with over 4,500 locations to choose from .
Step 2 : Order Your Test Package
Next , you will complete your order by selecting the type of test or test package that you prefer .
There are a variety of test panel options and packages to choose from which enable you to customize the testing panel that will work best for you .
The testing is paid for online , before the test is conducted .
Step 3 : Get Your Lab Work Documents
Once you have ordered your test , STDCheck will provide you with a lab request form and a testing code .
This information should be brought to the lab when you arrive for your test .
These documents will tell the lab which type of samples are needed for your test .
However , for privacy reasons , the lab will not be privy to the types of tests that will be conducted on your samples .
Step 4 : Go For Your Lab Test
At your convenience , you may arrive at your preferred testing location .
No appointment is necessary .
The testing process will be completed within five minutes and does not require you to fill out any paperwork at the testing location .
Step 5 : Wait For Your Results
When your results are ready , you will be able to check them in your STDCheck.com account .
Usually , results are delivered within a few days .
Your results will not be reported to your insurance company .
Sample STD Test Result
Credentials
It is important that a company such as STDCheck is both a safe and reliable testing option .
Especially since you will be providing them with your private information .
Luckily , this company appears to be both highly trusted and reputable , as they boast the following set of credentials :
STD Check maintains FDA approved testing .
Each test is overseen and signed by a physician .
STDCheck is the only online testing service that offers early detection HIV RNA testing that has been approved by the FDA .
Each of this company ’s 4,500 testing labs are CLIA certified .
STDCheck has been accredited by the BBB .
They also have an A+ rating via the BBB .
This rating is given based on the BBB ’s examination of a company ’s complaint history , the type of business being operated , the length of time the company has been in business , the transparency of their business practices , the number of times they failed to honor their BBB commitments , their licensing and legal situations , and any issues they have had regarding their advertising .
The Pros
STDCheck ’s website is very easy to use .
This company provides a very fast service and testing process .
Users of this service will receive their results in just a few days .
STDCheck.com provides an efficient online ordering and payment experience .
There are thousands of labs scattered throughout the United States that individuals can choose from when they order their test .
This company offers very friendly customer service .
The entire process is highly private and confidential from end - to - end .
Test results are not reported to any insurance agencies , nor to the official medical records of those using the service .
The actual testing process itself is confidential and the testing procedure only lasts about five minutes .
Test results are sent via an encrypted private e-mail account , which only you will have access to .
You will have the ability to speak with a doctor and request a prescription if results are positive .
All testing operations are overseen by a physician .
This is a highly trusted company , backed by substantial consumer support , and maintains accolades from professional business and government organizations .
STDCheck.com offers customizable testing options , which allow you to choose a complete 10 test panel , or customize your panel .
STD Check provides professional service , with all medical privacy laws abided by .
The Cons
Some results may take longer than expected .
Lab locations published on their website need updating ( be sure to verify the location of your desired lab before selecting one to ensure it has n’t moved ) .
In most cases , you will need to talk to someone over the phone if your results are positive .
Want to Save Money ?
Today ’s Top Deal : Save $ 15 OFF with This Special Link .
( Note : Your $ 15 Off Order coupon will be applied at stdcheck .com ’s checkout page . )
STDCheck Testing FAQ
Q : When should you get tested for STDs ?
Ideally , STD testing should take place three weeks after unprotected sex .
A second round of testing should be conducted three months after the first test is completed to confirm and verify the results of the first test .
It is important to receive a confirmation test , because not all diseases are detectable so soon after transmission .
Q : Where will your STD test be conducted ?
STDCheck has a network of over 4,500 testing facilities in the United States .
You will be able to choose the testing location that works best for you .
Q : What is early detection HIV RNA testing ?
STDCheck offers early detection HIV RNA testing .
This test is designed to detect HIV infection in the early stages after transmission , or between 9 and 11 days after exposure has occurred .
Q : Are appointments necessary during any part of the STDCheck process ?
No .
You can show up to any testing center with your paperwork to have your testing completed at any time , as long as you arrive during the testing center ’s posted business hours .
Q : Is testing confidential ?
STDCheck states that they take every stride necessary in ensuring the confidentiality of all tests .
For example , even the labs which conduct the testing are not granted with knowledge regarding the purposes / reasons for your testing , as these labs test also for a range of other diseases besides STDs .
Additionally , STDCheck states that they are subject to the same privacy laws as any physician practice , and abide by all HIPAA laws .
They do not share your personal data or billing information with third parties .
Testing results are not reported to insurance companies .
Q : What happens if you test positive for an STD ?
If you test positive for an STD , STD Check will allow you to talk one - on - one with one of their practicing physicians .
This physician will serve as a consultant who will explain the results of your test and answer any questions you may have .
If you prefer , the physician may also write a prescription for you , although this service costs extra .
Q : What kind of samples are needed for your test ?
Depending on the type of testing being conducted , a urine or blood sample will be taken at the testing facility .
A urine sample will be used for chlamydia and gonorrhea testing , while blood samples are required for HIV , herpes , hepatitis , and syphilis testing .
Q : Will you need to fill out paperwork at the testing lab ?
You will not need to fill out any paperwork or answer any questions during your visit to the lab .
Q : Do you need parental consent if you are a minor ?
No parental consent is required for individuals over the age of 16 .
Q : Does this testing service require a physical exam ?
No exam is required .
Q : Is health insurance accepted by this service ?
STDCheck does not accept insurance .
STDCheck.com Pricing
STDCheck.com offers two comprehensive testing packages :
The original 10 Test Panel tests for HIV Type 1 and 2 , Herpes 1 and 2 , Hepatitis A , B , & C , Chlamydia , Gonorrhea , and Syphilis and is priced at $ 198 .
The upgraded 10 Test Panel tests the same set of diseases as the original panel , but also includes early detection testing for HIV RNA .
This test is priced at $ 349 .
You may also order individual tests at the following prices :
Hepatitis A : $ 24
Hepatitis B : $ 24
Hepatitis C : $ 24
HIV 1 & 2 : $ 79
Syphilis : $ 79
Herpes 1 : $ 65
Herpes 2 : $ 65
Chlamydia : $ 89
Gonorrhea : $ 89
Chlamydia and Gonorrhea : $ 129
Early detection HIV RNA : $ 169
Of all these testing options , the original 10 panel test appears to offer the best value .
However , the individual tests might be ideal if you are looking to confirm the results of a previous positive test for a specific disease .
The prices that STDCheck.com is one of the lowest in the country , and they stated that they wanted to keep their prices low because they are encouraging the public to get tested .
This is the only way on how to prevent the spread of STDs , and it is also ethical for someone to get tested because they will never know if they are carriers of a deadly virus or not .
Consumer Sentiments
Consumers who have previously used this service have stated that the process was easy , fast , and convenient .
They state that the process is easy to navigate , and the staff was professional .
The majority of consumers say they highly recommend this product .
On the negative side , some customers have stated they had trouble receiving a requested refund .
Others have stated that their results took longer than they expected / longer than the few days that is advertised .
However , the majority of consumers who have used this service appear to express favorable sentiments towards this company , and have stated that they did receive their results within the expected time - frame of a few days .
Additionally , many consumers stated that this service provided them with peace of mind .
Consumer Sentiment Data
Overall , out of 2,201 reviews on Trustpilot , 90 % gave a STDcheck an ‘ excellent ’ rating , while 8 % said that STD check is ‘ great ’ .
These results yield an STDcheck TrustScore of 9.6 out of 10 .
( September 2020 Data )
Overall Review of STDCheck
In light of the collective information noted above , this service is trustworthy and the product is very valuable .
The main draw to this service is that STDCheck provides a more private way to conduct their STD test .
A typical STD testing scenario is embarrassing for many people .
Instead , STDCheck.com offers a service that is more confidential and more private , where the patient does n’t feel put under a spotlight .
Individuals who choose to use STDCheck instead of a traditional STD testing service benefit from less anxiety , a time - saving testing experience , and less stigma surrounding the results , given that these results will not be reported to any insurance company or put in your official medical record .
As an extra measure of privacy , the results are delivered to you via an encrypted e-mail which makes them super secure .
The testing code you are given helps to keep your identity private while visiting the testing center .
Together , all these features help to make the STDCheck process significantly more confidential than a standard STD testing procedure at a regular doctor ’s office or testing clinic .
Furthermore , payments are conducted via Paypal or credit card and will show up as a confidential health transaction on your billing statement under the name ‘ Health Labs ’ , instead of STDCheck .
No insurance is accepted for payment , ensuring that your results are kept private , even from your insurance company .
Is STDcheck.com Legit ?
STDCheck tests are clearly reliable , as this service has been approved by the FDA and their testing centers are certified by the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendment .
Another attractive feature of this service is their outstanding level of customer support .
If you have any issues or questions during your experience , you are able to contact their customer support via their website , live chat , or phone .
Their staff is very friendly and professional and aim to make you feel comfortable and supported every step of the way .
Most consumers agree that this company is legitimate and delivers a quality service within the appropriate time - frame indicated .
While a significantly lower number of consumers have expressed some level of discontent with this company and its services , this company services a large number of people , and therefore it would be expected that there would be a handful of complaints , given that no company can provide 100 % customer service all the time .
Overall , this company appears to be good at resolving these disputes and providing exceptional customer service .
Click Here to Find Local STD Test Center by Your Zip Code .
Final Thoughts
The number of people who are diagnosed with STDs keeps on increasing , and HIV is one of the most dreaded conditions that can happen to someone .
If you are sexually active and slept with many people for the past few years , you need to have yourself checked because you would never know if you are positive for any STDs , or even HIV .
It is ethical for someone who is sexually active to be checked regularly because they do not know if they are already a carrier of the diseases that are transmitted sexually .
There are a lot of testing centers all over the United States , and the test would only run for a few minutes .
Use the website today and find the nearest testing center in your area to give you peace of mind .
Last Updated : September 24 , 2020
Free file hosting provider MediaFire seems to think that , when you follow a link to download a file from its service , it has the right to control your browser .
This is yet another example of a web site owner forgetting that it 's your computer , and it 's none of their business how you choose to experience their web pages .
This latest spat involves SkipScreen , a Firefox plug - in that automates the process of downloading from free hosting sites like RapidShare , zShare , MegaUpload , and others ( including , until recently , MediaFire ) .
Some of these ad - supported download sites try to force downloaders to sit through a " waiting period " before revealing the actual download link — a " feature " that these sites doubtless tout to advertisers in order to get premium ad rates .
SkipScreen automates this waiting - and - clicking for you .
Simply put , it does nothing you could n't accomplish just as well by hiring a human to browse for you .
MediaFire has responded by sending a lawyer letter to Mozilla , which hosts the SkipScreen plug - in , along with thousands of other Firefox add - ons .
EFF has taken SkipScreen 's creators as clients , and has sent a letter to Mozilla explaining why MediaFire does n't have a leg to stand on .
Here 's the short version : it 's my browser , and I can ignore your ads if I want to .
MediaFire 's arguments to the contrary are entirely misguided .
First , they suggest that SkipScreen somehow lets users " steal bandwidth . "
That 's wrong on the facts : SkipScreen just automates the exact process that the user would otherwise have to do themselves in order download a file .
No " extra downloads , " no additional bandwidth for MediaFire .
Second , MediaFire argues that the use of SkipScreen violates MediaFire 's " acceptable use policy . "
That 's wrong on the law : users who follow a link to a MediaFire download never click - through or otherwise agree to any " acceptable use policy , " so there 's no contract here that prohibits a user from using whatever browser she likes ( including whatever plug - ins she likes ) to download a file .
Sure , MediaFire probably would prefer that we all sit , transfixed , while they display ads for us , just like certain Hollywood executives wish we would never leave the couch or hit FFWD when commercials run during our favorite TV shows , and certain websites wish they could ban Firefox ad - blockers .
Fortunately , there 's nothing in the law that says that by simply visiting a website , I give up the right to control my desktop .
OCTOBER 9 , 2009 UPDATE : Mozilla has announced it will continue to support our client SkipScreen in its add - on library .
Good news for browser users everywhere !
It 's time to get some Epic Mickey all up in your business , with a smattering of new details concerning Warren Spector 's highly anticipated Disney extravaganza .
With the latest Game Informer soon to spill the beans on Mickey 's dark Wii outing , fresh intel has invariably been sniffed out , so strap yourselves in and get ready for the data blast .
Here is all the fresh news on Epic Mickey :
The game 's plot revolves around " forgotten " Disney characters .
Obscure characters from long - forgotten cartoons and rides have been cast into a dark world of broken - down machinery and very bitter attitudes .
The main villain is Disney 's first - ever cartoon hero , Oswald the Lucky Rabbit .
Now a nobody , he has rallied the residents of the dark world and is out for revenge against the mouse that took his place as Disney 's spokesman .
Oswald unleashes the Phantom Blot , a monster that invades the Disney universe and begins to disassemble it by using black ink and making the colors of the world run together ( this explains the " melting " imagery used in concept art ) .
It 's all very meta , this .
Mickey Mouse will save the Disney world by fixing the Blot 's undoings , using a set of tools like paintbrushes , paint thinner , erasers and pencils to restore the artwork of his universe .
The tools are mapped to various Wiimote gestures .
The game is all about artwork and exploring .
Also , Mickey will be getting a radical makeover , which is why nobody 's seen his face yet .
A source tells Eurogamer that " he 's far more retro than you 've seen him for years . "
There are also rumors surfacing that Epic Mickey will not be exclusive to the Wii , based on Game Informer removing the Wii exclusivity claim from its teaser page .
Might mean nothing , but we 'll have to see .
So ... how frigging hot does that lot sound ?
Very hot , I will imagine .
I love it when cartoon companies scour their libraries for obscure and forgotten characters , so it 's going to be great to see what surprises pop up in Epic Mickey .
I think this is going to be something that old - school Disney fans will find absolutely brilliant .
Cannot wait to see the new look for Mickey , too .
What do you think ?
Exciting or what ?
Take some simple wooden matchsticks and add some glue and you can create the most awesome pieces of art .
With dedicated time and precision these matchstick models will take your breath away .
1. Mclaren F1
This full scale replica McLaren 4/14 F1 car took enthusiast Michael Arndt six years to build .
Using a jaw dropping 956,000 matchsticks and 1686 tubes of clue , it cost around 6000 euros to build .
Source : Jalopnik
2. Minis Tirith – LOTR
This incredible wooden version of J.R.R Tolkiens ’
City of Kings used 420,000 matchsticks to construct with an additional 24,000 small wooden blocks for the mountain it stands in front of .
Construction started in 2007 , taking 3 years to build , it was completed in 2010 .
Source : Matchstick Marvels
3. Oil Rig
The Guinness world record holding structure is made up of 4.075 million matchsticks !
Depicting a North Sea oil rig , the colossal model took over 15 years to build and still holds the record to this day .
Source : Guinness
4. Harry Potter Hogwarts
This enchanted school of wooden wizardry took nearly 3 years to construct .
Artist Patrick Acton used 602,000 matchsticks and 24 gallons of wood glue to complete the famous building from the Harry Potter series .
Source : Matchstick Marvels
5. Gorilla
The first of amazing artist David Machs ’ sculptures in the list , this 15 inch gorilla took 30,000 matchsticks to make its ferocious features .
He starts by making a mould first , then sticking the matchsticks on using wood glue .
Source : David Mach
6. Titanic
Taking 15 years in total to build , the 1:115 scale model of the ship uses 147,000 matchsticks in its construction .
With 1,600 portholes , the ship even has a 5 mm name plate just in case you did n’t know what it was .
Source : Daily Mail
7. New world Trade Center
Between 2012 – 2013 , this magnificent tribute to the New World Trade Centre took 2100 hours to construct .
Made of 460,000 matchsticks and 17 gallons of glue , the WTC model was made for Ripley ’s Believe It or Not Museum in Houston .
Source : Matchstick Marvel
8. Ukulele
This fully working instrument was lovingly made in 1984 from 10,000 matchsticks and 2lbs of glue .
Constructed in 1984 , it took Jack “ The Matchstick Man ” Hall 400 hours to complete .
He even made a case using the leftover matchboxes .
Source : Matchstick Man
9. Tower Bridge
10 years in the making and using 1.6 million matchsticks , this gigantic model of Tower Bridge measures 6ft in length and has 156 working lights built in , taking 2 years longer to build then the real thing .
Source : Daily Mail
10 . Millennium Falcon
This intergalactic model took 2500 hours to construct , containing 910,000 matchsticks and 26 gallons of glue .
It imitates the starship with engine thruster lights , laser guns , rotating dish and illuminated cockpit .
Source : Matchstick Marvels
11 . Digger
Artist John Hurley took over a year to construct this digger using 250,000 matches .
The 77 year old had been making matchstick models since age 11 .
With moving shovel , the diggers doors also work .
Source : Express & Star
12 . Apache Helicopter
This American attack helicopter has been scaled down to 1/10 and is made up of 26,000 matchsticks .
Taking almost 200 hours to build the extremely detailed structure shows the vehicles gun barrels and cockpit .
Source : David Selvey
13 . Capitol Building
This model of the historical building took over 2000 hours to construct using 478,000 matchsticks and 10 gallons of glue to stick it all together .
The artist drew up plans by obtaining all the information from the internet .
Source : David Selvey
14 . Elvis
Another from artist David Mach , it ’s the King of Rock ’n ’ Roll .
Made from 50,000 matchsticks , this 2ft sculpture took more than 500 hours to complete , gluing every single match to a glass fibre mould .
Source : David Mach
15 . Challenger Shuttle
Constructed with over 200,000 matchsticks , this model took 200,000 hours to complete .
Using a small plastic replica as reference , the artist also used photographs to make it as close to the real shuttle as possible .
Source : David Selvey
A few boring matchsticks have made these incredible structures .
Nobody can deny the amount of artistry , time , patience and glue that go into each one of these models which include record breakers and hobbyists .
Make sure you keep them well away from any fire !
FREIE WÄHLER Düsseldorf empfehlen Piratenpartei – Große Übereinstimmung bei den Zielen Die FREIEN WÄHLER Düsseldorf empfehlen ihren Mitgliedern und Anhängern , bei der Bundestagswahl am 27.9 .
für die Piraten zu stimmen .
Das Führungsgremium der ausschließlich auf kommunaler Ebene aktiven Wählergemeinschaft beschloss am Freitag einstimmig , eine offizielle Wahlempfehlung für die Piratenpartei auszusprechen .
Bundesweit sind die FREIEN WÄHLER mit rund 250.000 Mitgliedern die drittgrößte politische Kraft nach Union und SPD .
Bei der Bundestagswahl treten sie nicht an , da die Wählergemeinschaften ihren Schwerpunkt in der Kommunalpolitik sehen .
In Düsseldorf haben die FREIEN WÄHLER ( FW ) daher mögliche Alternativen für ihre Mitglieder und Anhänger geprüft .
» Von allen zur Bundestagswahl zugelassenen Parteien weist das Wahlprogramm der Piratenpartei mit Abstand die meisten Übereinstimmungen mit unseren eigenen Zielen auf « , erklärt Dr. Klaus W. Kirchner ( 61 ) , Vorsitzender der FW - Ratsgruppe Düsseldorf .
Der erfahrene Rechtsanwalt will als frisch gewählter Ratsherr künftig vor allem die intransparente Finanzierung vieler Großprojekte kritisch unter die Lupe nehmen .
» Die Piratenpartei vertritt – ebenso wie wir – in besonderem Maße die Interessen der jungen Wähler « , sagt die ebenfalls neu in den Stadtrat gewählte FW - Spitzenkandidatin Comicha Mohaya ( 26 ) , die als Einzelhandelskauffrau arbeitet und zugleich als Betriebsratsvorsitzende aktiv ist .
Sie setzt sich unter anderem für Freiheit bei der Internetnutzung und mehr Mitspracherecht junger Bürger ein .
Studiengebühren , Lobbyismus , Onlinedurchsuchungen und Zensur lehnt sie ab .
Bei der Kommunalwahl am 30.8 .
konnten die FREIEN WÄHLER 2,3 Prozent der Stimmen und zwei Ratsmandate erringen .
Außerdem entsenden sie zwei Abgeordnete in Bezirkvertretungen .
Die Piratenpartei war in Düsseldorf nicht bei der Kommunalwahl angetreten .
» Wir freuen uns über die Unterstützung durch die FREIEN WÄHLER Düsseldorf « , sagt Bernhard Smolarz , Landesvorsitzender der Piratenpartei in Nordrhein - Westfalen .
Sein Vorstandskollege Patrick Wolters ergänzt : » Wir kommen zwar aus verschiedenen Richtungen , aber wir verfolgen letztlich das gleiche Ziel : mehr Basisdemokratie und eine Stärkung der Bürgerrechte . «
Beide Parteien wollen den begonnenen Austausch in Zukunft weiter fortsetzen und intensivieren .
» Wir sehen gerade auf lokaler Ebene viele Ansatzpunkte für eine Zusammenarbeit im Interesse der Bürger « , erklärt Ralf Gloerfeld als Crew - Mitglied der Düsseldorfer Piraten .
Und Tobias Kleinhans von den FREIEN WÄHLERN meint : » Schon bei unseren ersten Gesprächen haben wir festgestellt , dass nicht deckungsgleiche Meinungen oft auf unterschiedlichen Informationen beruhen .
Hier können wir gegenseitig voneinander lernen . «
So wollen sich auch die Düsseldorfer Piraten beispielsweise mit dem geplanten rund 300 Mio. Euro teuren Abriss der Hochstraße » Tausendfüßler « in der Düsseldorfer Innenstadt und dem Bau von zwei Tunneln befassen .
Die FREIEN WÄHLER wollen einen Bürgerentscheid zu diesem Großprojekt erreichen .
Mitglieder der Piratenpartei und der FREIEN WÄHLER in Düsseldorf gehen Hinweisen auf einen geplanten Wirtschaftsbetrug nach , um diesen eventuell gemeinsam zu verhindern .
Die Wahlempfehlung durch die FREIEN WÄHLER verleiht der Piratenpartei zusätzlichen Rückenwind .
Bei der Europawahl erzielten die Piraten aus dem Stand bundesweit 0,9 Prozent .
Vor zwei Wochen konnten die Piraten dieses Ergebnis weiter steigern : Bei den nordrhein - westfälischen Kommunalwahlen traten sie zwar nur in Aachen und Münster zur Wahl an , eroberten dort aber prompt jeweils einen Ratssitz .
Dabei erzielten sie in manchen Wahlbewirken deutlich über 5 Prozent der Stimmen .
» Wir werten die Unterstützung durch die FREIEN WÄHLER als Signal an die etablierten Parteien , dass auch andere bürgerliche Gruppierungen hinter unseren Forderungen stehen « , meint Jens Seipenbusch , Bundesvorsitzender der Piratenpartei .
» Deshalb ist ein Einzug der Piraten in den Bundestag schon bei der aktuellen
Wahl zwar ambitioniert , aber keineswegs utopisch , wie unsere demokratischen Mitbewerber dies gerne behaupten « .
Links : Ziele der FREIEN WÄHLER Düsseldorf : http://www.vservers1.de/fw/pdf/erstwahl.pdf
Ziele der Piratenpartei : http://www.piratenpartei.de/navigation/politik/unsere-ziele 16 . September 2009 09:55 Bernhard
Mr McKinnon faces 60 years in jail if convicted in the US Home Secretary Alan Johnson has said he will study new medical evidence before approving the extradition to the US of computer hacker Gary McKinnon .
He said he had " stopped the clock " on proceedings to give Mr McKinnon 's lawyers time to appeal in Europe .
Earlier this month the 43 - year - old , who has Asperger 's syndrome , was denied an appeal at the UK Supreme Court .
Mr McKinnon is accused of breaking into the US 's military computer system but says he was just seeking UFO evidence .
' Evidence compelling '
Mr Johnson said he would examine the new medical evidence " very carefully " .
He also said he wanted to give Mr McKinnon 's lawyers time to examine medical reports and make legal representations to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg .
I have to ensure that his Article 3 human rights are being respected
Alan Johnson Mr McKinnon , of Wood Green , north London , faces 60 years in prison if convicted in the US .
" We have stopped the clock ticking on the representation to the European Court because new medical evidence has been provided , " Mr Johnson said .
" There are two issues upon which Gary McKinnon 's legal advisors have argued : the first is that the Director of Public Prosecutions should have tried him in this country . "
Mr McKinnon 's supporters have campaigned for him to be put on trial in the UK on charges of computer misuse .
Mr Johnson has also been pressured to delay proceedings further until an inquiry into the US - UK extradition treaty had been carried out by the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee .
Critics of the treaty say it does not treat US and British citizens equally .
Mr Johnson said the High Court had already dismissed applications for him to be tried in the UK , but added : " I have to ensure that his Article 3 human rights are being respected .
" It 's that new medical evidence that I will be looking at very carefully " .
Mr McKinnon 's MP David Burrowes , who represents Enfield Southgate , has described the new medical evidence as " compelling " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The stock market and commodities are giddy today on the Third Quarter Advance GDP Estimate which increased at an annualized rate of 3.5 % .
Real gross domestic product -- the output of goods and services produced by labor and property located in the United States -- increased at an annual rate of 3.5 percent in the third quarter of 2009 , ( that is , from the second quarter to the third quarter ) , according to the " advance " estimate released by the Bureau of Economic Analysis .
In the second quarter , real GDP decreased 0.7 percent .
Motor vehicle output added 1.66 percentage points to the third - quarter change in real GDP after adding 0.19 percentage point to the second - quarter change .
Final sales of computers subtracted 0.11 percentage point from the third - quarter change in real GDP after subtracting 0.04 percentage point from the second - quarter change .
Real personal consumption expenditures increased 3.4 percent in the third quarter , in contrast to a decrease of 0.9 percent in the second .
Durable goods increased 22.3 percent , in contrast to a decrease of 5.6 percent .
The third - quarter increase largely reflected motor vehicle purchases under the Consumer Assistance to Recycle and Save Act of 2009 ( popularly called , “ Cash for Clunkers ” Program ) .
Real exports of goods and services increased 14.7 percent in the third quarter , in contrast to a decrease of 4.1 percent in the second .
Real imports of goods and services increased 16.4 percent , in contrast to a decrease of 14.7 percent .
Nondurable goods increased 2.0 percent in the third quarter , in contrast to a decrease of 1.9 percent in the second .
Services increased 1.2 percent , compared with an increase of 0.2 percent .
Real exports of goods and services increased 14.7 percent in the third quarter , in contrast to a decrease of 4.1 percent in the second .
Real imports of goods and services increased 16.4 percent , in contrast to a decrease of 14.7 percent .
Real federal government consumption expenditures and gross investment increased 7.9 percent in the third quarter , compared with an increase of 11.4 percent in the second .
National defense increased 8.4 percent , compared with an increase of 14.0 percent .
Nondefense increased 6.8 percent , compared with an increase of 6.1 percent .
Real state and local government consumption expenditures and gross investment decreased 1.1 percent , in contrast to an increase of 3.9 percent .
The change in real private inventories added 0.94 percentage point to the third - quarter change in real GDP after subtracting 1.42 percentage points from the second - quarter change .
Private businesses decreased inventories $ 130.8 billion in the third quarter , following decreases of $ 160.2 billion in the second quarter and $ 113.9 billion in the first .
Real final sales of domestic product -- GDP less change in private inventories -- increased 2.5 percent in the third quarter , compared with an increase of 0.7 percent in the second .
Disposition of personal income
Current - dollar personal income decreased $ 15.5 billion ( 0.5 percent ) in the third quarter , in contrast to an increase of $ 19.1 billion ( 0.6 percent ) in the second .
Personal current taxes increased $ 4.8 billion in the third quarter , in contrast to a decrease of $ 119.1 billion in the second .
The quarterly pattern of taxes reflected a much smaller decrease in federal withheld income taxes in the third quarter , based on the quarterly pattern of wages and salaries and a leveling off of the effects on withholding rates from the Making Work Pay Credit provision of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
( For more information , see the Technical Note . )
Disposable personal income decreased $ 20.4 billion ( 0.7 percent ) in the third quarter , in contrast to an increase of $ 138.2 billion ( 5.2 percent ) in the second .
Real disposable personal income decreased 3.4 percent , in contrast to an increase of 3.8 percent .
Personal outlays increased $ 148.2 billion ( 5.8 percent ) in the third quarter , compared with an increase of $ 8.2 billion ( 0.3 percent ) in the second .
Personal saving -- disposable personal income less personal outlays -- was $ 364.6 billion in the third quarter , compared with $ 533.1 billion in the second .
The personal saving rate -- saving as a percentage of disposable personal income -- was 3.3 percent in the third quarter , compared with 4.9 percent in the second .
Cheering Over Ugly Report
Markets advance on surprising GDP growth
U.S. stocks rallied on Thursday following four losing sessions as data showed the U.S. economy grew faster than expected in the third quarter after more than a year of contraction .
The first estimate of U.S. gross domestic product showed the economy expanded at a 3.5 percent annual rate , unofficially ending the worst recession in 70 years .
A Reuters poll last week found economists looking for a 3.3 percent gain , although some recent data led many to trim forecasts this week .
" The data suggests that we 're going to see very positive GDP for at least the next two or three quarters , " said Hank Smith , chief investment officer at Haverford Trust Company in Philadelphia .
" I do n't see much chance for negative territory for at least a year . "
There is only one suitable comment for this picture .
and that is that I will be in my bunk .
Posted by FoxGlove October 22nd , 2009 , 2:42 pm
' I can't believe how evil she is '
Jonathan Morris
BBC News , Plymouth
Vanessa George used a position of trust to abuse children Plymouth nursery worker Vanessa George and two co-defendants have admitted sex abuse after George exchanged a series of pictures with them showing her abusing children at the nursery .
Little Ted 's nursery , where George took the photographs , is now closed .
But for the parents picking their children up from the primary school on the same site , the pain is still vivid .
Some of them remember George as the happy , smiling woman who used to hand their children back to them at the end of the day .
The sense of betrayal by someone who should have been caring for their children is clear .
" We just want to skin her and roll her in salt , " said one mother .
" We just feel so frustrated that we can not get to her . "
' Worst nightmare '
It is clear that whatever her sentence , nothing will compensate the parents for the damage done to the children or the pain inflicted on them .
Another mother said : " What 's happened is any parent 's worst nightmare .
" It 's gut - wrenching and makes you feel sick .
" I was unable to sleep and started drinking .
Everyone was the same . "
Mothers and fathers were in tears at a meeting arranged by police at a local church after George 's arrest in June .
There are times when I 've gone home and had a cry myself
Kathy Hancock , community leader
The anger in the community exploded later with a police van carrying George into court in Plymouth being attacked .
" There is still a lot of anger , " said one mother , who had two children at the nursery .
Like other parents , she will probably never know if it was her children that were being abused because police could not identify any of the victims .
Although George had given herself away by showing a nursery logo in the pictures , only the children 's torsos were shown .
Social services set up a weekly drop - in for parents to get advice about how to answer questions from their children which they may not have felt confident answering .
The mother , who can not be named for legal reasons , said : " The worst bit is knowing that I used to pick up my son and daughter from Vanessa George and she would come out smiling , laughing and having a joke and knowing now what she must have been doing to children that day .
" It 's awful .
It makes you feel so guilty and there is nothing you can do to prevent it . "
George has been described as " lovely , bubbly , friendly , funny " .
" Think of your average big bubbly woman , " said one mother .
" The kids loved her . "
She added : " It 's just horrible to think that you were so close to someone every day and that they could do that . "
The memories of what happened come back to haunt her when she is least expecting it .
" If I see anyone in town that remotely resembles her I feel sick .
" I have to walk in the other direction .
" I can't look at any newspaper if I know she 's going to be in it . "
Slipped through net Paediatricians have been on hand to offer help for children for whom the long - term damage is not yet known .
Social services have been supporting families and Plymouth City Council launched a serious case review into how George , who had worked for the nursery since 2006 , had slipped through the net .
Kathy Hancock , chairwoman of the local community association , has been a link between public agencies and the parents .
The mother - of - five was thrust into the centre of the storm after a phone call from police .
She said : " Eight months ago I was asked to be liaison between community and police if there was a major incident in the area .
" I said ' yes ' because I love working in the community .
The removal of the Little Ted 's sign cannot remove the pain " I never thought that my first incident would be such a horrible subject . "
She has been to every one of the meetings that police have held to update parents on the case .
" I 'm a mother at the end of the day , " she said .
" Some parents I have known since they were children .
" There are times when I 've gone home and had a cry myself .
" This whole case gets to you when you see people hurting in your community and not knowing what 's going to come next . "
The day when George first appeared at Plymouth Crown Court was " horrendous " .
She added : " That will stay with me for a long long time .
" The emotion , the groans and helplessness of the parents .
" Parents were in pieces about what was being read out in court .
" I just feel disbelief at how evil she is . "
' Tight - knit ' community
The regular communication between police and parents has been described as " invaluable " .
" It 's a very tight - knit community .
People rally round each other .
They will get through this .
" They are already beginning to become stronger . "
All the children involved had been placed in other schools , but some parents initially found it hard and wanted to keep their children at home while they came to terms with the case .
Ms Hancock said it had been " horrifying to see people hurting so much " .
" As a mum I would hate to be in the position that some of these parents are in .
" All you want to do is protect and love your children . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
La mayor crisis de violencia en México
Cuerpos con huellas de tortura colgados de puentes .
Bolsas de plástico con cadáveres desmembrados .
Alcaldes asesinados .
Niños que mueren por balas perdidas durante enfrentamientos entre narcotraficantes .
Pie de foto , La lucha por el control del tráfico de drogas en México ha dejado más de 14.000 muertos en tres años .
Son escenas de la lucha por el control del tráfico de drogas en México , que ha dejado más de 14.000 personas muertas en los últimos tres años .
De acuerdo con especialistas , el país vive una escalada de violencia como no se veía desde hace 80 años .
" Nunca habíamos tenido esta violencia , sólo en la Revolución Mexicana y la Guerra Cristera " , le dijo a BBC Mundo Arturo Alvarado , investigador del Colegio de México ( Colmex ) .
Las autoridades mexicanas han dicho que la ola de asesinatos es resultado de las acciones del Ejército y la Policía Federal contra los carteles del narcotráfico .
Mensaje de terror
Especialistas y autoridades coinciden en que los carteles de la droga pretenden crear un clima de terror y violencia en la sociedad .
La Secretaría de Seguridad Pública , por ejemplo , ha dicho que la delincuencia organizada emprendió una campaña de propaganda en el país , donde la crueldad en los asesinatos es parte de la estrategia .
La semana pasada , por ejemplo , los cuerpos desmembrados de nueve personas aparecieron en bolsas de plástico en Guerrero , en el sur del país , y antes apareció colgado de un puente el cadáver de un funcionario del gobierno de Tijuana , Baja California , en la frontera con Estados Unidos .
En esta batalla policías , militares y alcaldes también han sido víctimas de la violencia .
Los crímenes son mensajes hacia las bandas rivales y las autoridades , pero los autores también pretenden intimidar a la población , explicó el especialista del Colmex .
" Es la creación de un clima generalizado de terror , como ha ocurrido en otros países , para que la opinión pública y la sociedad vivan en ese ambiente " , señaló .
Varios sondeos han revelado el impacto de la estrategia .
Según la encuesta Percepción Ciudadana sobre la Seguridad en México , dos de cada tres ciudadanos reconocen que la situación de violencia en el país es peor que en 2008 .
Resultados en 2012
El gobierno mexicano mantiene a unos 35.000 soldados en el combate diario al tráfico de drogas .
Sin embargo , a pesar del despliegue , los índices de violencia no disminuyen , ni siquiera en sitios con fuerte presencia militar como Ciudad Juárez , estado de Chihuahua , en el norte del país .
En esa población , fronteriza con Estados Unidos , se ha cometido este año el mayor número de homicidios en el país : más de 1.800 , la mayoría vinculados con el tráfico de drogas , según autoridades locales .
Los números revelan que la estrategia gubernamental no ha dado los resultados esperados , insistió el investigador Alvarado .
" El gobierno debe hacer algo para detener la violencia , porque sus acciones hasta ahora no lo han conseguido .
Ni el ejército ni las policías han conseguido hacerlo " , afirmó .
Mientras , las autoridades confían en que siguen el camino correcto .
De acuerdo con el ministro de Seguridad , Genaro García Luna , en otros países con problemas similares la criminalidad tardó seis años en reducirse .
Print out this document for your friends who do not have access to the Internet .
Petition Project - Global Warming Petition Project Home
Global Warming Petition
We urge the United States government to reject the global warming agreement that was written in Kyoto , Japan in December , 1997 , and any other similar proposals .
The proposed limits on greenhouse gases would harm the environment , hinder the advance of science and technology , and damage the health and welfare of mankind .
There is no convincing scientific evidence that human release of carbon dioxide , methane , or other greenhouse gasses is causing or will , in the foreseeable future , cause catastrophic heating of the Earth 's atmosphere and disruption of the Earth 's climate .
Moreover , there is substantial scientific evidence that increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide produce many beneficial effects upon the natural plant and animal environments of the Earth .
This petition has been signed by over 31,000 American scientists .
To sign
this petition .
Letter from Frederick Seitz
Research Review of Global Warming Evidence
Enclosed is a twelve - page review of information on the subject of " global warming , " a petition in the form of a reply card , and a return envelope .
Please consider these materials carefully .
The United States is very close to adopting an international agreement that would ration the use of energy and of technologies that depend upon coal , oil , and natural gas and some other organic compounds .
This treaty is , in our opinion , based upon flawed ideas .
Research data on climate change do not show that human use of hydrocarbons is harmful .
To the contrary , there is good evidence that increased atmospheric carbon dioxide is environmentally helpful .
Environmental Effects of Increased Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide
A review of the research literature concerning the environmental consequences of increased levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide leads to the conclusion that increases during the 20th Century have produced no deleterious effects upon global weather , climate , or temperature .
Increased carbon dioxide has , however , markedly increased plant growth rates .
Predictions of harmful climatic effects due to future increases in minor greenhouse gases like CO2 are in error and do not conform to current experimental knowledge .
Note : The Petition Project has no funding from energy industries or other parties with special financial interests in the " global warming " debate .
Funding for the project comes entirely from private non-tax deductible donations by interested individuals .
See Dr. Noah Robinson's Video Presentation : http://www.discovery.org/v/30
Download Dr. Art Robinson's Power Point Presentation : http://www.oism.org/pproject/ARPresentation/Presentations.zip
Petition Project - Global Warming Petition Project Letter from Frederick Seitz
Research Review of Global Warming Evidence
Enclosed is a twelve - page review of information on the subject of " global warming , " a petition in the form of a reply card , and a return envelope .
Please consider these materials carefully .
The United States is very close to adopting an international agreement that would ration the use of energy and of technologies that depend upon coal , oil , and natural gas and some other organic compounds .
This treaty is , in our opinion , based upon flawed ideas .
Research data on climate change do not show that human use of hydrocarbons is harmful .
To the contrary , there is good evidence that increased atmospheric carbon dioxide is environmentally helpful .
The proposed agreement would have very negative effects upon the technology of nations throughout the world , especially those that are currently attempting to lift from poverty and provide opportunities to the over 4 billion people in technologically underdeveloped countries .
It is especially important for America to hear from its citizens who have the training necessary to evaluate the relevant data and offer sound advice .
We urge you to sign and return the petition card .
If you would like more cards for use by your colleagues , these will be sent .
Frederick Seitz
Past President , National Academy of Sciences , U.S.A .
President Emeritus , Rockefeller University
Paper : Environmental Effects of Increased Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide
Petition Project - Global Warming Petition Project Environmental Effects of Increased Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide
Links , Authorship , and Address
The Global Warming Review Paper is available as a PDF file in 3 sizes .
After clicking one of the links below , please allow a few moments for the paper to download and activate the PDF Reader on your computer .
Global Warming Review PDF - 1 MB - Low Resolution ( 150 dpi )
Global Warming Review PDF - 3 MB - Medium Resolution ( 300 dpi )
Global Warming Review PDF - 5 MB - High Resolution ( 600 dpi )
Figures with Captions - PowerPoint - 8MB
Figures with Captions - Flash Format - 3MB
Figures with Captions - HTML
Arthur B. Robinson , Noah E. Robinson , and Willie Soon
Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine , 2251 Dick George Road , Cave Junction , Oregon 97523 [ artr@oism.org ]
ABSTRACT
A review of the research literature concerning the environmental consequences of increased levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide leads to the conclusion that increases during the 20th and early 21st centuries have produced no deleterious effects upon Earth 's weather and climate .
Increased carbon dioxide has , however , markedly increased plant growth .
Predictions of harmful climatic effects due to future increases in hydrocarbon use and minor greenhouse gases like CO2 do not conform to current experimental knowledge .
The environmental effects of rapid expansion of the nuclear and hydrocarbon energy industries are discussed .
SUMMARY
Political leaders gathered in Kyoto , Japan , in December 1997 to consider a world treaty restricting human production of " greenhouse gases , " chiefly carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
They feared that CO2 would result in " human - caused global warming " – hypothetical severe increases in Earth 's temperatures , with disastrous environmental consequences .
During the past 10 years , many political efforts have been made to force worldwide agreement to the Kyoto treaty .
When we reviewed this subject in 1998 ( 1,2 ) , existing satellite records were short and were centered on a period of changing intermediate temperature trends .
Additional experimental data have now been obtained , so better answers to the questions raised by the hypothesis of " human - caused global warming " are now available .
Figure 1 : Surface temperatures in the Sargasso Sea , a 2 million square mile region of the Atlantic Ocean , with time resolution of 50 to 100 years and ending in 1975 , as determined by isotope ratios of marine organism remains in sediment at the bottom of the sea ( 3 ) .
The horizontal line is the average temperature for this 3,000 - year period .
The Little Ice Age and Medieval Climate Optimum were naturally occurring , extended intervals of climate departures from the mean .
A value of 0.25 °C , which is the change in Sargasso Sea temperature between 1975 and 2006 , has been added to the 1975 data in order to provide a 2006 temperature value .
The average temperature of the Earth has varied within a range of about 3 °C during the past 3,000 years .
It is currently increasing as the Earth recovers from a period that is known as the Little Ice Age , as shown in Figure 1 .
George Washington and his army were at Valley Forge during the coldest era in 1,500 years , but even then the temperature was only about 1° Centigrade below the 3,000 - year average .
Figure 2 : Average length of 169 glaciers from 1700 to 2000 ( 4 ) .
The principal source of melt energy is solar radiation .
Variations in glacier mass and length are primarily due to temperature and precipitation ( 5,6 ) .
This melting trend lags the temperature increase by about 20 years , so it predates the 6 - fold increase in hydrocarbon use ( 7 ) even more than shown in the figure .
Hydrocarbon use could not have caused this shortening trend .
The most recent part of this warming period is reflected by shortening of world glaciers , as shown in Figure 2 .
Glaciers regularly lengthen and shorten in delayed correlation with cooling and warming trends .
Shortening lags temperature by about 20 years , so the current warming trend began in about 1800 .
Figure 3 : Arctic surface air temperature compared with total solar irradiance as measured by sunspot cycle amplitude , sunspot cycle length , solar equatorial rotation rate , fraction of penumbral spots , and decay rate of the 11 - year sunspot cycle ( 8,9 ) .
Solar irradiance correlates well with Arctic temperature , while hydrocarbon use ( 7 ) does not correlate .
Atmospheric temperature is regulated by the sun , which fluctuates in activity as shown in Figure 3 ; by the greenhouse effect , largely caused by atmospheric water vapor ( H2O ) ; and by other phenomena that are more poorly understood .
While major greenhouse gas H2O substantially warms the Earth , minor greenhouse gases such as CO2 have little effect , as shown in Figures 2 and 3 .
The 6 - fold increase in hydrocarbon use since 1940 has had no noticeable effect on atmospheric temperature or on the trend in glacier length .
While Figure 1 is illustrative of most geographical locations , there is great variability of temperature records with location and regional climate .
Comprehensive surveys of published temperature records confirm the principal features of Figure 1 , including the fact that the current Earth temperature is approximately 1 °C lower than that during the Medieval Climate Optimum 1,000 years ago ( 11,12 ) .
Figure 4 : Annual mean surface temperatures in the contiguous United States between 1880 and 2006 ( 10 ) .
The slope of the least - squares trend line for this 127 - year record is 0.5 ºC per century .
Surface temperatures in the United States during the past century reflect this natural warming trend and its correlation with solar activity , as shown in Figures 4 and 5 .
Compiled U.S. surface temperatures have increased about 0.5 °C per century , which is consistent with other historical values of 0.4 to 0.5 °C per century during the recovery from the Little Ice Age ( 13 - 17 ) .
This temperature change is slight as compared with other natural variations , as shown in Figure 6 .
Three intermediate trends are evident , including the decreasing trend used to justify fears of " global cooling " in the 1970s .
Figure 5 : U.S. surface temperature from Figure 4 as compared with total solar irradiance ( 19 ) from Figure 3 .
Between 1900 and 2000 , on absolute scales of solar irradiance and degrees Kelvin , solar activity increased 0.19 % , while a 0.5 °C temperature change is 0.21 % .
This is in good agreement with estimates that Earth 's temperature would be reduced by 0.6 °C through particulate blocking of the sun by 0.2 % ( 18 ) .
Figure 6 : Comparison between the current U.S. temperature change per century , the 3,000 - year temperature range in Figure 1 , seasonal and diurnal range in Oregon , and seasonal and diurnal range throughout the Earth .
Solar activity and U.S. surface temperature are closely correlated , as shown in Figure 5 , but U.S. surface temperature and world hydrocarbon use are not correlated , as shown in Figure 13 .
The U.S. temperature trend is so slight that , were the temperature change which has taken place during the 20th and 21st centuries to occur in an ordinary room , most of the people in the room would be unaware of it .
Figure 7 : Annual precipitation in the contiguous 48 United States between 1895 and 2006 .
U.S. National Climatic Data Center , U.S. Department of Commerce 2006 Climate Review ( 20 ) .
The trend shows an increase in rainfall of 1.8 inches per century – approximately 6 % per century .
During the current period of recovery from the Little Ice Age , the U.S. climate has improved somewhat , with more rainfall , fewer tornados , and no increase in hurricane activity , as illustrated in Figures 7 to 10 .
Sea level has trended upward for the past 150 years at a rate of 7 inches per century , with 3 intermediate uptrends and 2 periods of no increase as shown in Figure 11 .
These features are confirmed by the glacier record as shown in Figure 12 .
If this trend continues as did that prior to the Medieval Climate Optimum , sea level would be expected to rise about 1 foot during the next 200 years .
As shown in Figures 2 , 11 , and 12 , the trends in glacier shortening and sea level rise began a century before the 60 - year 6 - fold increase in hydrocarbon use , and have not changed during that increase .
Hydrocarbon use could not have caused these trends .
Figure 8 : Annual number of strong - to - violent category F3 to F5 tornados during the March - to - August tornado season in the U.S. between 1950 and 2006 .
U.S. National Climatic Data Center , U.S. Department of Commerce 2006 Climate Review ( 20 ) .
During this period , world hydrocarbon use increased 6 - fold , while violent tornado frequency decreased by 43 % .
During the past 50 years , atmospheric CO2 has increased by 22 % .
Much of that CO2 increase is attributable to the 6 - fold increase in human use of hydrocarbon energy .
Figures 2 , 3 , 11 , 12 , and 13 show , however , that human use of hydrocarbons has not caused the observed increases in temperature .
The increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide has , however , had a substantial environmental effect .
Atmospheric CO2 fertilizes plants .
Higher CO2 enables plants to grow faster and larger and to live in drier climates .
Plants provide food for animals , which are thereby also enhanced .
The extent and diversity of plant and animal life have both increased substantially during the past half - century .
Increased temperature has also mildly stimulated plant growth .
Figure 9 : Annual number of Atlantic hurricanes that made landfall between 1900 and 2006 ( 21 ) .
Line is drawn at mean value .
Does a catastrophic amplification of these trends with damaging climatological consequences lie ahead ?
There are no experimental data that suggest this .
There is also no experimentally validated theoretical evidence of such an amplification .
Predictions of catastrophic global warming are based on computer climate modeling , a branch of science still in its infancy .
The empirical evidence – actual measurements of Earth 's temperature and climate – shows no man-made warming trend .
Indeed , during four of the seven decades since 1940 when average CO2 levels steadily increased , U.S. average temperatures were actually decreasing .
While CO2 levels have increased substantially and are expected to continue doing so and humans have been responsible for part of this increase , the effect on the environment has been benign .
There is , however , one very dangerous possibility .
Our industrial and technological civilization depends upon abundant , low - cost energy .
This civilization has already brought unprecedented prosperity to the people of the more developed nations .
Billions of people in the less developed nations are now lifting themselves from poverty by adopting this technology .
Figure 10 : Annual number of violent hurricanes and maximum attained wind speed during those hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean between 1944 and 2006 ( 22,23 ) .
There is no upward trend in either of these records .
During this period , world hydrocarbon use increased 6 - fold .
Lines are mean values .
Hydrocarbons are essential sources of energy to sustain and extend prosperity .
This is especially true of the developing nations , where available capital and technology are insufficient to meet rapidly increasing energy needs without extensive use of hydrocarbon fuels .
If , through misunderstanding of the underlying science and through misguided public fear and hysteria , mankind significantly rations and restricts the use of hydrocarbons , the worldwide increase in prosperity will stop .
The result would be vast human suffering and the loss of hundreds of millions of human lives .
Moreover , the prosperity of those in the developed countries would be greatly reduced .
Figure 11 : Global sea level measured by surface gauges between 1807 and 2002 ( 24 ) and by satellite between 1993 and 2006 ( 25 ) .
Satellite measurements are shown in gray and agree with tide gauge measurements .
The overall trend is an increase of 7 inches per century .
Intermediate trends are 9 , 0 , 12 , 0 , and 12 inches per century , respectively .
This trend lags the temperature increase , so it predates the increase in hydrocarbon use even more than is shown .
It is unaffected by the very large increase in hydrocarbon use .
Mild ordinary natural increases in the Earth 's temperature have occurred during the past two to three centuries .
These have resulted in some improvements in overall climate and also some changes in the landscape , such as a reduction in glacier lengths and increased vegetation in colder areas .
Far greater changes have occurred during the time that all current species of animals and plants have been on the Earth .
The relative population sizes of the species and their geographical distributions vary as they adapt to changing conditions .
Figure 12 : Glacier shortening ( 4 ) and sea level rise ( 24,25 ) .
Gray area designates estimated range of error in the sea level record .
These measurements lag air temperature increases by about 20 years .
So , the trends began more than a century before increases in hydrocarbon use .
The temperature of the Earth is continuing its process of fluctuation in correlation with variations in natural phenomena .
Mankind , meanwhile , is moving some of the carbon in coal , oil , and natural gas from below ground to the atmosphere and surface , where it is available for conversion into living things .
We are living in an increasingly lush environment of plants and animals as a result .
This is an unexpected and wonderful gift from the Industrial Revolution .
ATMOSPHERIC AND SURFACE TEMPERATURES
Atmospheric and surface temperatures have been recovering from an unusually cold period .
During the time between 200 and 500 years ago , the Earth was experiencing the " Little Ice Age . "
It had descended into this relatively cool period from a warm interval about 1,000 years ago known as the " Medieval Climate Optimum . "
This is shown in Figure 1 for the Sargasso Sea .
During the Medieval Climate Optimum , temperatures were warm enough to allow the colonization of Greenland .
These colonies were abandoned after the onset of colder temperatures .
For the past 200 to 300 years , Earth temperatures have been gradually recovering ( 26 ) .
Sargasso Sea temperatures are now approximately equal to the average for the previous 3,000 years .
The historical record does not contain any report of " global warming " catastrophes , even though temperatures have been higher than they are now during much of the last three millennia .
The 3,000 - year range of temperatures in the Sargasso Sea is typical of most places .
Temperature records vary widely with geographical location as a result of climatological characteristics unique to those specific regions , so an " average " Earth temperature is less meaningful than individual records ( 27 ) .
So called " global " or " hemispheric " averages contain errors created by averaging systematically different aspects of unique geographical regions and by inclusion of regions where temperature records are unreliable .
Three key features of the temperature record – the Medieval Climate Optimum , the Little Ice Age , and the Not - Unusual - Temperature of the 20th century – have been verified by a review of local temperature and temperature - correlated records throughout the world ( 11 ) , as summarized in Table 1 .
Each record was scored with respect to those queries to which it applied .
The experimental and historical literature definitively confirms the primary features of Figure 1 .
Table 1 : Comprehensive review of all instances in which temperature or temperature - correlated records from localities throughout the world permit answers to queries concerning the existence of the Medieval Climate Optimum , the Little Ice Age , and an unusually warm anomaly in the 20th century ( 11 ) .
The compiled and tabulated answers confirm the three principal features of the Sargasso Sea record shown in Figure 1 .
The probability that the answer to the query in column 1 is " yes " is given in column 5 .
Most geographical locations experienced both the Medieval Climate Optimum and the Little Ice Age – and most locations did not experience temperatures that were unusually warm during the 20th century .
A review of 23 quantitative records has demonstrated that mean and median world temperatures in 2006 were , on average , approximately 1 °C or 2 °F cooler than in the Medieval Period ( 12 ) .
Figure 13 : Seven independent records – solar activity ( 9 ) ; Northern Hemisphere , ( 13 ) , Arctic ( 28 ) , global ( 10 ) , and U.S. ( 10 ) annual surface air temperatures ; sea level ( 24,25 ) ; and glacier length ( 4 ) – all qualitatively confirm each other by exhibiting three intermediate trends – warmer , cooler , and warmer .
Sea level and glacier length are shown minus 20 years , correcting for their 20 - year lag of atmospheric temperature .
Solar activity , Northern Hemisphere temperature , and glacier lengths show a low in about 1800 .
Hydrocarbon use ( 7 ) is uncorrelated with temperature .
Temperature rose for a century before significant hydrocarbon use .
Temperature rose between 1910 and 1940 , while hydrocarbon use was almost unchanged .
Temperature then fell between 1940 and 1972 , while hydrocarbon use rose by 330 % .
Also , the 150 to 200 - year slopes of the sea level and glacier trends were unchanged by the very large increase in hydrocarbon use after 1940 .
World glacier length ( 4 ) and world sea level ( 24,25 ) measurements provide records of the recent cycle of recovery .
Warmer temperatures diminish glaciers and cause sea level to rise because of decreased ocean water density and other factors .
These measurements show that the trend of 7 inches per century increase in sea level and the shortening trend in average glacier length both began a century before 1940 , yet 84 % of total human annual hydrocarbon use occurred only after 1940 .
Moreover , neither of these trends has accelerated during the period between 1940 and 2007 , while hydrocarbon use increased 6 - fold .
Sea level and glacier records are offset by about 20 years because of the delay between temperature rise and glacier and sea level change .
If the natural trend in sea level increase continues for another two centuries as did the temperature rise in the Sargasso Sea as the Earth entered the Medieval Warm Period , sea level would be expected to rise about 1 foot between the years 2000 and 2200 .
Both the sea level and glacier trends – and the temperature trend that they reflect – are unrelated to hydrocarbon use .
A further doubling of world hydrocarbon use would not change these trends .
Figure 12 shows the close correlation between the sea level and glacier records , which further validates both records and the duration and character of the temperature change that gave rise to them .
Figure 4 shows the annual temperature in the United States during the past 127 years .
This record has an upward trend of 0.5 ºC per century .
Global and Northern Hemisphere surface temperature records shown in Figure 13 trend upward at 0.6 ºC per century .
These records are , however , biased toward higher temperatures in several ways .
For example , they preferentially use data near populated areas ( 33 ) , where heat island effects are prevalent , as illustrated in Figure 15 .
A trend of 0.5 ºC per century is more representative ( 13 - 17 ) .
Figure 14 : Satellite microwave sounding unit ( blue ) measurements of tropospheric temperatures in the Northern Hemisphere between 0 and 82.5 N , Southern Hemisphere between 0 and 82.5 S , tropics between 20S and 20N , and the globe between 82.5N and 82.5S between 1979 and 2007 ( 29 ) , and radiosonde balloon ( red ) measurements in the tropics ( 29 ) .
The balloon measurements confirm the satellite technique ( 29- 31 ) .
The warming anomaly in 1997 - 1998 ( gray ) was caused by El Niño , which , like the overall trends , is unrelated to CO2 ( 32 ) .
The U.S. temperature record has two intermediate uptrends of comparable magnitude , one occurring before the 6 - fold increase in hydrocarbon use and one during it .
Between these two is an intermediate temperature downtrend , which led in the 1970s to fears of an impending new ice age .
This decrease in temperature occurred during a period in which hydrocarbon use increased 3 - fold .
Seven independent records – solar irradiance ; Arctic , Northern Hemisphere , global , and U.S. annual average surface air temperatures ; sea level ; and glacier length – all exhibit these three intermediate trends , as shown in Figure 13 .
These trends confirm one another .
Solar irradiance correlates with them .
Hydrocarbon use does not .
The intermediate uptrend in temperature between 1980 and 2006 shown in Figure 13 is similar to that shown in Figure 14 for balloon and satellite tropospheric measurements .
This trend is more pronounced in the Northern Hemisphere than in the Southern .
Contrary to the CO2 warming climate models , however , tropospheric temperatures are not rising faster than surface temperatures .
Figure 6 illustrates the magnitudes of these temperature changes by comparing the 0.5 ºC per century temperature change as the Earth recovers from the Little Ice Age , the range of 50 - year averaged Atlantic ocean surface temperatures in the Sargasso Sea over the past 3,000 years , the range of day - night and seasonal variation on average in Oregon , and the range of day - night and seasonal variation over the whole Earth .
The two - century - long temperature change is small .
Tropospheric temperatures measured by satellite give comprehensive geographic coverage .
Even the satellite measurements , however , contain short and medium - term fluctuations greater than the slight warming trends calculated from them .
The calculated trends vary significantly as a function of the most recent fluctuations and the lengths of the data sets , which are short .
Figure 3 shows the latter part of the period of warming from the Little Ice Age in greater detail by means of Arctic air temperature as compared with solar irradiance , as does Figure 5 for U.S. surface temperature .
There is a close correlation between solar activity and temperature and none between hydrocarbon use and temperature .
Several other studies over a wide variety of time intervals have found similar correlations between climate and solar activity ( 15 , 34-39 ) .
Figure 3 also illustrates the uncertainties introduced by limited time records .
If the Arctic air temperature data before 1920 were not available , essentially no uptrend would be observed .
This observed variation in solar activity is typical of stars close in size and age to the sun ( 40 ) .
The current warming trends on Mars ( 41 ) , Jupiter ( 42 ) , Neptune ( 43,44 ) , Neptune 's moon Triton ( 45 ) , and Pluto ( 46 - 48 ) may result , in part , from similar relations to the sun and its activity – like those that are warming the Earth .
Hydrocarbon use and atmospheric CO2 do not correlate with the observed temperatures .
Solar activity correlates quite well .
Correlation does not prove causality , but non-correlation proves non-causality .
Human hydrocarbon use is not measurably warming the earth .
Moreover , there is a robust theoretical and empirical model for solar warming and cooling of the Earth ( 8,19,49,50 ) .
The experimental data do not prove that solar activity is the only phenomenon responsible for substantial Earth temperature fluctuations , but they do show that human hydrocarbon use is not among those phenomena .
Figure 15 : Surface temperature trends for 1940 to 1996 from 107 measuring stations in 49 California counties ( 51,52 ) .
The trends were combined for counties of similar population and plotted with the standard errors of their means .
The six measuring stations in Los Angeles County were used to calculate the standard error of that county , which is plotted at a population of 8.9 million .
The " urban heat island effect " on surface measurements is evident .
The straight line is a least - squares fit to the closed circles .
The points marked " X " are the six unadjusted station records selected by NASA GISS ( 53 - 55 ) for use in their estimate of global surface temperatures .
Such selections make NASA GISS temperatures too high .
The overall experimental record is self - consistent .
The Earth has been warming as it recovers from the Little Ice Age at an average rate of about 0.5 ºC per century .
Fluctuations within this temperature trend include periods of more rapid increase and also periods of temperature decrease .
These fluctuations correlate well with concomitant fluctuations in the activity of the sun .
Neither the trends nor the fluctuations within the trends correlate with hydrocarbon use .
Sea level and glacier length reveal three intermediate uptrends and two downtrends since 1800 , as does solar activity .
These trends are climatically benign and result from natural processes .
ATMOSPHERIC CARBON DIOXIDE
The concentration of CO2 in Earth 's atmosphere has increased during the past century , as shown in Figure 17 .
The magnitude of this atmospheric increase is currently about 4 gigatons ( Gt C ) of carbon per year .
Total human industrial CO2 production , primarily from use of coal , oil , and natural gas and the production of cement , is currently about 8 Gt C per year ( 7,56,57 ) .
Humans also exhale about 0.6
Gt C per year , which has been sequestered by plants from atmospheric CO2 .
Office air concentrations often exceed 1,000 ppm CO2 .
To put these figures in perspective , it is estimated that the atmosphere contains 780 Gt C ; the surface ocean contains 1,000 Gt C ; vegetation , soils , and detritus contain 2,000 Gt C ; and the intermediate and deep oceans contain 38,000 Gt C , as CO2 or CO2 hydration products .
Each year , the surface ocean and atmosphere exchange an estimated 90 Gt C ; vegetation and the atmosphere , 100 Gt C ; marine biota and the surface ocean , 50 Gt C ; and the surface ocean and the intermediate and deep oceans , 40 Gt C ( 56,57 ) .
So great are the magnitudes of these reservoirs , the rates of exchange between them , and the uncertainties of these estimated numbers that the sources of the recent rise in atmospheric CO2 have not been determined with certainty ( 58,59 ) .
Atmospheric concentrations of CO2 are reported to have varied widely over geological time , with peaks , according to some estimates , some 20 - fold higher than at present and lows at approximately 200 ppm ( 60 - 62 ) .
Ice - core records are reported to show seven extended periods during 650,000 years in which CO2 , methane ( CH4 ) , and temperature increased and then decreased ( 63-65 ) .
Ice - core records contain substantial uncertainties ( 58 ) , so these correlations are imprecise .
In all seven glacial and interglacial cycles , the reported changes in CO2 and CH4 lagged the temperature changes and could not , therefore , have caused them ( 66 ) .
These fluctuations probably involved temperature - caused changes in oceanic and terrestrial CO2 and CH4 content .
More recent CO2 fluctuations also lag temperature ( 67,68 ) .
Figure 16 : Temperature rise versus CO2 rise from seven ice - core measured interglacial periods ( 63-65 ) ; from calculations ( 69 ) and measurements ( 70 ) of sea water out - gassing ; and as measured during the 20th and 21st centuries ( 10,72 ) .
The interglacial temperature increases caused the CO2 rises through release of ocean CO2 .
The CO2 rises did not cause the temperature rises .
In addition to the agreement between the out - gassing estimates and measurements , this conclusion is also verified by the small temperature rise during the 20th and 21st centuries .
If the CO2 versus temperature correlation during the seven interglacials had been caused by CO2 greenhouse warming , then the temperature rise per CO2 rise would have been as high during the 20th and 21st centuries as it was during the seven interglacial periods .
In 1957 , Revelle and Seuss ( 69 ) estimated that temperature - caused out - gassing of ocean CO2 would increase atmospheric CO2 by about 7 % per °C temperature rise .
The reported change during the seven interglacials of the 650,000 - year ice core record is about 5 % per °C ( 63 ) , which agrees with the out - gassing calculation .
Between 1900 and 2006 , Antarctic CO2 increased 30 % per 0.1 °C temperature change ( 72 ) , and world CO2 increased 30 % per 0.5 °C .
In addition to ocean out - gassing , CO2 from human use of hydrocarbons is a new source .
Neither this new source nor the older natural CO2 sources are causing atmospheric temperature to change .
The hypothesis that the CO2 rise during the interglacials caused the temperature to rise requires an increase of about 6 °C per 30 % rise in CO2 as seen in the ice core record .
If this hypothesis were correct , Earth temperatures would have risen about 6 °C between 1900 and 2006 , rather than the rise of between 0.1 °C and 0.5 °C , which actually occurred .
This difference is illustrated in Figure 16 .
The 650,000 - year ice - core record does not , therefore , agree with the hypothesis of " human - caused global warming , " and , in fact , provides empirical evidence that invalidates this hypothesis .
Figure 17 : Atmospheric CO2 concentrations in parts per million by volume , ppm , measured spectrophotometrically at Mauna Loa , Hawaii , between 1958 and 2007 .
These measurements agree well with those at other locations ( 71 ) .
Data before 1958 are from ice cores and chemical analyses , which have substantial experimental uncertainties .
We have used 295 ppm for the period 1880 to 1890 , which is an average of the available estimates .
About 0.6
Gt C of CO2 is produced annually by human respiration and often leads to concentrations exceeding 1,000 ppm in public buildings .
Atmospheric CO2 has increased 22 % since 1958 and about 30 % since 1880 .
Carbon dioxide has a very short residence time in the atmosphere .
Beginning with the 7 to 10 - year half - time of CO2 in the atmosphere estimated by Revelle and Seuss ( 69 ) , there were 36 estimates of the atmospheric CO2 half - time based upon experimental measurements published between 1957 and 1992 ( 59 ) .
These range between 2 and 25 years , with a mean of 7.5 , a median of 7.6 , and an upper range average of about 10 .
Of the 36 values , 33 are 10 years or less .
Many of these estimates are from the decrease in atmospheric carbon 14 after cessation of atmospheric nuclear weapons testing , which provides a reliable half - time .
There is no experimental evidence to support computer model estimates ( 73 ) of a CO2 atmospheric " lifetime " of 300 years or more .
Human production of 8
Gt C per year of CO2 is negligible as compared with the 40,000 Gt C residing in the oceans and biosphere .
At ultimate equilibrium , human - produced CO2 will have an insignificant effect on the amounts in the various reservoirs .
The rates of approach to equilibrium are , however , slow enough that human use creates a transient atmospheric increase .
In any case , the sources and amounts of CO2 in the atmosphere are of secondary importance to the hypothesis of " human - caused global warming . "
It is human burning of coal , oil , and natural gas that is at issue .
CO2 is merely an intermediate in a hypothetical mechanism by which this " human - caused global warming " is said to take place .
The amount of atmospheric CO2 does have profound environmental effects on plant and animal populations ( 74 ) and diversity , as is discussed below .
CLIMATE CHANGE
While the average temperature change taking place as the Earth recovers from the Little Ice Age is so slight that it is difficult to discern , its environmental effects are measurable .
Glacier shortening and the 7 inches per century rise in sea level are examples .
There are additional climate changes that are correlated with this rise in temperature and may be caused by it .
Greenland , for example , is beginning to turn green again , as it was 1,000 years ago during the Medieval Climate Optimum ( 11 ) .
Arctic sea ice is decreasing somewhat ( 75 ) , but Antarctic ice is not decreasing and may be increasing , due to increased snow ( 76-79 ) .
In the United States , rainfall is increasing at about 1.8 inches per century , and the number of severe tornados is decreasing , as shown in Figures 7 and 8 .
If world temperatures continue to rise at the current rate , they will reach those of the Medieval Climate Optimum about 2 centuries from now .
Historical reports of that period record the growing of warm weather crops in localities too cold for that purpose today , so it is to be expected that the area of more temperate climate will expand as it did then .
This is already being observed , as studies at higher altitudes have reported increases in amount and diversity of plant and animal life by more than 50 % ( 12,80 ) .
Atmospheric temperature is increasing more in the Northern Hemisphere than in the Southern , with intermediate periods of increase and decrease in the overall trends .
There has been no increase in frequency or severity of Atlantic hurricanes during the period of 6 - fold increase in hydrocarbon use , as is illustrated in Figures 9 and 10 .
Numbers of violent hurricanes vary greatly from year to year and are no greater now than they were 50 years ago .
Similarly , maximum wind speeds have not increased .
All of the observed climate changes are gradual , moderate , and entirely within the bounds of ordinary natural changes that have occurred during the benign period of the past few thousand years .
There is no indication whatever in the experimental data that an abrupt or remarkable change in any of the ordinary natural climate variables is beginning or will begin to take place .
GLOBAL WARMING HYPOTHESIS
The greenhouse effect amplifies solar warming of the earth .
Greenhouse gases such as H2O , CO2 , and CH4 in the Earth 's atmosphere , through combined convective readjustments and the radiative blanketing effect , essentially decrease the net escape of terrestrial thermal infrared radiation .
Increasing CO2 , therefore , effectively increases radiative energy input to the Earth 's atmosphere .
The path of this radiative input is complex .
It is redistributed , both vertically and horizontally , by various physical processes , including advection , convection , and diffusion in the atmosphere and ocean .
Figure 18 : Qualitative illustration of greenhouse warming .
" Present GHE " is the current greenhouse effect from all atmospheric phenomena .
" Radiative effect of CO2 " is the added greenhouse radiative effect from doubling CO2 without consideration of other atmospheric components .
" Hypothesis 1 IPCC " is the hypothetical amplification effect assumed by IPCC .
" Hypothesis 2 " is the hypothetical moderation effect .
When an increase in CO2 increases the radiative input to the atmosphere , how and in which direction does the atmosphere respond ?
Hypotheses about this response differ and are schematically shown in Figure 18 .
Without the water - vapor greenhouse effect , the Earth would be about 14 ºC cooler ( 81 ) .
The radiative contribution of doubling atmospheric CO2 is minor , but this radiative greenhouse effect is treated quite differently by different climate hypotheses .
The hypotheses that the IPCC ( 82,83 ) has chosen to adopt predict that the effect of CO2 is amplified by the atmosphere , especially by water vapor , to produce a large temperature increase .
Other hypotheses , shown as hypothesis 2 , predict the opposite – that the atmospheric response will counteract the CO2 increase and result in insignificant changes in global temperature ( 81,84,85,91,92 ) .
The experimental evidence , as described above , favors hypothesis 2 .
While CO2 has increased substantially , its effect on temperature has been so slight that it has not been experimentally detected .
Figure 19 : The radiative greenhouse effect of doubling the concentration of atmospheric CO2 ( right bar ) as compared with four of the uncertainties in the computer climate models ( 87,93 ) .
The computer climate models upon which " human - caused global warming " is based have substantial uncertainties and are markedly unreliable .
This is not surprising , since the climate is a coupled , non-linear dynamical system .
It is very complex .
Figure 19 illustrates the difficulties by comparing the radiative CO2 greenhouse effect with correction factors and uncertainties in some of the parameters in the computer climate calculations .
Other factors , too , such as the chemical and climatic influence of volcanoes , cannot now be reliably computer modeled .
In effect , an experiment has been performed on the Earth during the past half - century – an experiment that includes all of the complex factors and feedback effects that determine the Earth 's temperature and climate .
Since 1940 , hydrocarbon use has risen 6 - fold .
Yet , this rise has had no effect on the temperature trends , which have continued their cycle of recovery from the Little Ice Age in close correlation with increasing solar activity .
Not only has the global warming hypothesis failed experimental tests , it is theoretically flawed as well .
It can reasonably be argued that cooling from negative physical and biological feedbacks to greenhouse gases nullifies the slight initial temperature rise ( 84,86 ) .
The reasons for this failure of the computer climate models are subjects of scientific debate ( 87 ) .
For example , water vapor is the largest contributor to the overall greenhouse effect ( 88 ) .
It has been suggested that the climate models treat feedbacks from clouds , water vapor , and related hydrology incorrectly ( 85,89 -92 ) .
The global warming hypothesis with respect to CO2 is not based upon the radiative properties of CO2 itself , which is a very weak greenhouse gas .
It is based upon a small initial increase in temperature caused by CO2 and a large theoretical amplification of that temperature increase , primarily through increased evaporation of H2O , a strong greenhouse gas .
Any comparable temperature increase from another cause would produce the same calculated outcome .
Figure 20 : Global atmospheric methane concentration in parts per million between 1982 and 2004 ( 94 ) .
Thus , the 3,000 - year temperature record illustrated in Figure 1 also provides a test of the computer models .
The historical temperature record shows that the Earth has previously warmed far more than could be caused by CO2 itself .
Since these past warming cycles have not initiated water - vapor - mediated atmospheric warming catastrophes , it is evident that weaker effects from CO2 cannot do so .
Methane is also a minor greenhouse gas .
World CH4 levels are , as shown in Figure 20 , leveling off .
In the U.S. in 2005 , 42 % of human - produced methane was from hydrocarbon energy production , 28 % from waste management , and 30 % from agriculture ( 95 ) .
The total amount of CH4 produced from these U.S. sources decreased 7 % between 1980 and 2005 .
Moreover , the record shows that , even while methane was increasing , temperature trends were benign .
The " human - caused global warming " – often called the " global warming " – hypothesis depends entirely upon computer model - generated scenarios of the future .
There are no empirical records that verify either these models or their flawed predictions ( 96 ) .
Claims ( 97 ) of an epidemic of insect - borne diseases , extensive species extinction , catastrophic flooding of Pacific islands , ocean acidification , increased numbers and severities of hurricanes and tornados , and increased human heat deaths from the 0.5 °C per century temperature rise are not consistent with actual observations .
The " human - caused global warming " hypothesis and the computer calculations that support it are in error .
They have no empirical support and are invalidated by numerous observations .
WORLD TEMPERATURE CONTROL
World temperature is controlled by natural phenomena .
What steps could mankind take if solar activity or other effects began to shift the Earth toward temperatures too cold or too warm for optimum human life ?
First , it would be necessary to determine what temperature humans feel is optimum .
It is unlikely that the chosen temperature would be exactly that which we have today .
Second , we would be fortunate if natural forces were to make the Earth too warm rather than too cold because we can cool the Earth with relative ease .
We have no means by which to warm it .
Attempting to warm the Earth with addition of CO2 or to cool the Earth by restrictions of CO2 and hydrocarbon use would , however , be futile .
Neither would work .
Inexpensively blocking the sun by means of particles in the upper atmosphere would be effective .
S.S. Penner , A.M. Schneider , and E. M. Kennedy have proposed ( 98 ) that the exhaust systems of commercial airliners could be tuned in such a way as to eject particulate sun-blocking material into the upper atmosphere .
Later , Edward Teller similarly suggested ( 18 ) that particles could be injected into the atmosphere in order to reduce solar heating and cool the Earth .
Teller estimated a cost of between $ 500 million and $ 1 billion per year for between 1 ºC and 3 ºC of cooling .
Both methods use particles so small that they would be invisible from the Earth .
These methods would be effective and economical in blocking solar radiation and reducing atmospheric and surface temperatures .
There are other similar proposals ( 99 ) .
World energy rationing , on the other hand , would not work .
The climate of the Earth is now benign .
If temperatures become too warm , this can easily be corrected .
If they become too cold , we have no means of response – except to maximize nuclear and hydrocarbon energy production and technological advance .
This would help humanity adapt and might lead to new mitigation technology .
FERTILIZATION OF PLANTS BY CO2
How high will the CO2 concentration of the atmosphere ultimately rise if mankind continues to increase the use of coal , oil , and natural gas ?
At ultimate equilibrium with the ocean and other reservoirs there will probably be very little increase .
The current rise is a non-equilibrium result of the rate of approach to equilibrium .
One reservoir that would moderate the increase is especially important .
Plant life provides a large sink for CO2 .
Using current knowledge about the increased growth rates of plants and assuming increased CO2 release as compared to current emissions , it has been estimated that atmospheric CO2 levels may rise to about 600 ppm before leveling off .
At that level , CO2 absorption by increased Earth biomass is able to absorb about 10 Gt C per year ( 100 ) .
At present , this absorption is estimated to be about 3
Gt C per year ( 57 ) .
About 30 % of this projected rise from 295 to 600 ppm has already taken place , without causing unfavorable climate changes .
Moreover , the radiative effects of CO2 are logarithmic ( 101,102 ) , so more than 40 % of any climatic influences have already occurred .
As atmospheric CO2 increases , plant growth rates increase .
Also , leaves transpire less and lose less water as CO2 increases , so that plants are able to grow under drier conditions .
Animal life , which depends upon plant life for food , increases proportionally .
Figure 21 : Standard deviation from the mean of tree ring widths for ( a ) bristlecone pine , limber pine , and fox tail pine in the Great Basin of California , Nevada , and Arizona and ( b ) bristlecone pine in Colorado ( 110 ) .
Tree ring widths were averaged in 20 - year segments and then normalized so that the means of prior tree growth were zero .
The deviations from the means are shown in units of standard deviations of those means .
Figures 21 to 24 show examples of experimentally measured increases in the growth of plants .
These examples are representative of a very large research literature on this subject ( 103-109 ) .
As Figure 21 shows , long - lived 1,000 - to 2,000 - year - old pine trees have shown a sharp increase in growth during the past half - century .
Figure 22 shows the 40 % increase in the forests of the United States that has taken place since 1950 .
Much of this increase is due to the increase in atmospheric CO2 that has already occurred .
In addition , it has been reported that Amazonian rain forests are increasing their vegetation by about 900 pounds of carbon per acre per year ( 113 ) , or approximately 2 tons of biomass per acre per year .
Trees respond to CO2 fertilization more strongly than do most other plants , but all plants respond to some extent .
Figure 22 : Inventories of standing hardwood and softwood timber in the United States compiled in Forest Resources of the United States , 2002 , U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service ( 111,112 ) .
The linear trend cited in 1998 ( 1 ) with an increase of 30 % has continued .
The increase is now 40 % .
The amount of U.S. timber is rising almost 1 % per year .
Since plant response to CO2 fertilization is nearly linear with respect to CO2 concentration over the range from 300 to 600 ppm , as seen in Figure 23 , experimental measurements at different levels of CO2 enrichment can be extrapolated .
This has been done in Figure 24 in order to illustrate CO2 growth enhancements calculated for the atmospheric increase of about 88 ppm that has already taken place and those expected from a projected total increase of 305 ppm .
Wheat growth is accelerated by increased atmospheric CO2 , especially under dry conditions .
Figure 24 shows the response of wheat grown under wet conditions versus that of wheat stressed by lack of water .
The underlying data is from open - field experiments .
Wheat was grown in the usual way , but the atmospheric CO2 concentrations of circular sections of the fields were increased by arrays of computer - controlled equipment that released CO2 into the air to hold the levels as specified ( 115,116 ) .
Orange and young pine tree growth enhancement ( 117-119 ) with two atmospheric CO2 increases – that which has already occurred since 1885 and that projected for the next two centuries – is also shown .
The relative growth enhancement of trees by CO2 diminishes with age .
Figure 24 shows young trees .
Figure 23 : Summary data from 279 published experiments in which plants of all types were grown under paired stressed ( open red circles ) and unstressed ( closed blue circles ) conditions ( 114 ) .
There were 208 , 50 , and 21 sets at 300 , 600 , and an average of about 1350 ppm CO2 , respectively .
The plant mixture in the 279 studies was slightly biased toward plant types that respond less to CO2 fertilization than does the actual global mixture .
Therefore , the figure underestimates the expected global response .
CO2 enrichment also allows plants to grow in drier regions , further increasing the response .
Figure 23 summarizes 279 experiments in which plants of various types were raised under CO2 - enhanced conditions .
Plants under stress from less - than - ideal conditions – a common occurrence in nature – respond more to CO2 fertilization .
The selections of species in Figure 23 were biased toward plants that respond less to CO2 fertilization than does the mixture actually covering the Earth , so Figure 23 underestimates the effects of global CO2 enhancement .
Figure 24 : Calculated ( 1,2 ) growth rate enhancement of wheat , young orange trees , and very young pine trees already taking place as a result of atmospheric enrichment by CO2 from 1885 to 2007 ( a ) , and expected as a result of atmospheric enrichment by CO2 to a level of 600 ppm ( b ) .
Clearly , the green revolution in agriculture has already benefitted from CO2 fertilization , and benefits in the future will be even greater .
Animal life is increasing proportionally , as shown by studies of 51 terrestrial ( 120 ) and 22 aquatic ecosystems ( 121 ) .
Moreover , as shown by a study of 94 terrestrial ecosystems on all continents except Antarctica ( 122 ) , species richness – biodiversity – is more positively correlated with productivity – the total quantity of plant life per acre – than with anything else .
Atmospheric CO2 is required for life by both plants and animals .
It is the sole source of carbon in all of the protein , carbohydrate , fat , and other organic molecules of which living things are constructed .
Plants extract carbon from atmospheric CO2 and are thereby fertilized .
Animals obtain their carbon from plants .
Without atmospheric CO2 , none of the life we see on Earth would exist .
Water , oxygen , and carbon dioxide are the three most important substances that make life possible .
They are surely not environmental pollutants .
ENVIRONMENT AND ENERGY
The single most important human component in the preservation of the Earth 's environment is energy .
Industrial conversion of energy into forms that are useful for human activities is the most important aspect of technology .
Abundant inexpensive energy is required for the prosperous maintenance of human life and the continued advance of life - enriching technology .
People who are prosperous have the wealth required to protect and enhance their natural environment .
Currently , the United States is a net importer of energy as shown in Figure 25 .
Americans spend about $ 300 billion per year for imported oil and gas – and an additional amount for military expenses related to those imports .
Figure 25 : In 2006 , the United States obtained 84.9 % of its energy from hydrocarbons , 8.2 % from nuclear fuels , 2.9 % from hydroelectric dams , 2.1 % from wood , 0.8 % from biofuels , 0.4 % from waste , 0.3 % from geothermal , and 0.3 % from wind and solar radiation .
The U.S. uses 21 million barrels of oil per day – 27 % from OPEC , 17 % from Canada and Mexico , 16 % from others , and 40 % produced in the U.S. ( 95 ) .
The cost of imported oil and gas at $ 60 per barrel and $ 7 per 1,000 ft3 in 2007 is about $ 300 billion per year .
Political calls for a reduction of U.S. hydrocarbon use by 90 % ( 123 ) , thereby eliminating 75 % of America 's energy supply , are obviously impractical .
Nor can this 75 % of U.S. energy be replaced by alternative " green " sources .
Despite enormous tax subsidies over the past 30 years , green sources still provide only 0.3 % of U.S. energy .
Yet , the U.S. clearly cannot continue to be a large net importer of energy without losing its economic and industrial strength and its political independence .
It should , instead , be a net exporter of energy .
There are three realistic technological paths to American energy independence – increased use of hydrocarbon energy , nuclear energy , or both .
There are no climatological impediments to increased use of hydrocarbons , although local environmental effects can and must be accommodated .
Nuclear energy is , in fact , less expensive and more environmentally benign than hydrocarbon energy , but it too has been the victim of the politics of fear and claimed disadvantages and dangers that are actually negligible .
For example , the " problem " of high - level " nuclear waste " has been given much attention , but this problem has been politically created by U.S. government barriers to American fuel breeding and reprocessing .
Spent nuclear fuel can be recycled into new nuclear fuel .
It need not be stored in expensive repositories .
Reactor accidents are also much publicized , but there has never been even one human death associated with an American nuclear reactor incident .
By contrast , American dependence on automobiles results in more than 40,000 human deaths per year .
All forms of energy generation , including " green " methods , entail industrial deaths in the mining , manufacture , and transport of resources they require .
Nuclear energy requires the smallest amount of such resources ( 124 ) and therefore has the lowest risk of deaths .
Estimated relative costs of electrical energy production vary with geographical location and underlying assumptions .
Figure 26 shows a recent British study , which is typical .
At present , 43 % of U.S. energy consumption is used for electricity production .
To be sure , future inventions in energy technology may alter the relative economics of nuclear , hydrocarbon , solar , wind , and other methods of energy generation .
These inventions cannot , however , be forced by political fiat , nor can they be wished into existence .
Alternatively , " conservation , " if practiced so extensively as to be an alternative to hydrocarbon and nuclear power , is merely a politically correct word for " poverty . "
The current untenable situation in which the United States is losing $ 300 billion per year to pay for foreign oil and gas is not the result of failures of government energy production efforts .
The U.S. government does not produce energy .
Energy is produced by private industry .
Why then has energy production thrived abroad while domestic production has stagnated ?
This stagnation has been caused by United States government taxation , regulation , and sponsorship of litigation , which has made the U.S. a very unfavorable place to produce energy .
In addition , the U.S. government has spent vast sums of tax money subsidizing inferior energy technologies for political purposes .
It is not necessary to discern in advance the best course to follow .
Legislative repeal of taxation , regulation , incentives to litigation , and repeal of all subsidies of energy generation industries would stimulate industrial development , wherein competition could then automatically determine the best paths .
Nuclear power is safer , less expensive , and more environmentally benign than hydrocarbon power , so it is probably the better choice for increased energy production .
Solid , liquid and gaseous hydrocarbon fuels provide , however , many conveniences , and a national infrastructure to use them is already in place .
Oil from shale or coal liquefaction is less expensive than crude oil at current prices , but its ongoing production costs are higher than those for already developed oil fields .
There is , therefore , an investment risk that crude oil prices could drop so low that liquefaction plants could not compete .
Nuclear energy does not have this disadvantage , since the operating costs of nuclear power plants are very low .
Figure 27 illustrates , as an example , one practical and environmentally sound path to U.S. energy independence .
At present 19 % of U.S. electricity is produced by 104 nuclear power reactors with an average generating output in 2006 of 870 megawatts per reactor , for a total of about 90 GWe ( gigawatts ) ( 125 ) .
If this were increased by 560 GWe , nuclear power could fill all current U.S. electricity requirements and have 230 GWe left over for export as electricity or as hydrocarbon fuels replaced or manufactured .
Figure 26 : Delivered cost per kilowatt hour of electrical energy in Great Britain in 2006 , without CO2 controls ( 126 ) .
These estimates include all capital and operational expenses for a period of 50 years .
Micro wind or solar are units installed for individual homes .
Thus , rather than a $ 300 billion trade loss , the U.S. would have a $ 200 billion trade surplus – and installed capacity for future U.S. requirements .
Moreover , if heat from additional nuclear reactors were used for coal liquefaction and gasification , the U.S. would not even need to use its oil resources .
The U.S. has about 25 % of the world 's coal reserves .
This heat could also liquify biomass , trash , or other sources of hydrocarbons that might eventually prove practical .
Figure 27 : Construction of one Palo Verde installation with 10 reactors in each of the 50 states .
Energy trade deficit is reversed by $ 500 billion per year , resulting in a $ 200 billion annual surplus .
Currently , this solution is not possible owing to misguided government policies , regulations , and taxation and to legal maneuvers available to anti-nuclear activists .
These impediments should be legislatively repealed .
The Palo Verde nuclear power station near Phoenix , Arizona , was originally intended to have 10 nuclear reactors with a generating capacity of 1,243 megawatts each .
As a result of public hysteria caused by false information – very similar to the human - caused global warming hysteria being spread today , construction at Palo Verde was stopped with only three operating reactors completed .
This installation is sited on 4,000 acres of land and is cooled by waste water from the city of Phoenix , which is a few miles away .
An area of 4,000 acres is 6.25 square miles or 2.5 miles square .
The power station itself occupies only a small part of this total area .
If just one station like Palo Verde were built in each of the 50 states and each installation included 10 reactors as originally planned for Palo Verde , these plants , operating at the current 90 % of design capacity , would produce 560 GWe of electricity .
Nuclear technology has advanced substantially since Palo Verde was built , so plants constructed today would be even more reliable and efficient .
Assuming a construction cost of $ 2.3 billion per 1,200 MWe reactor ( 127 ) and 15 % economies of scale , the total cost of this entire project would be $ 1 trillion , or 4 months of the current U.S. federal budget .
This is 8 % of the annual U.S. gross domestic product .
Construction costs could be repaid in just a few years by the capital now spent by the people of the United States for foreign oil and by the change from U.S. import to export of energy .
The 50 nuclear installations might be sited on a population basis .
If so , California would have six , while Oregon and Idaho together would have one .
In view of the great economic value of these facilities , there would be vigorous competition for them .
In addition to these power plants , the U.S. should build fuel reprocessing capability , so that spent nuclear fuel can be reused .
This would lower fuel cost and eliminate the storage of high - level nuclear waste .
Fuel for the reactors can be assured for 1,000 years ( 128 ) by using both ordinary reactors with high breeding ratios and specific breeder reactors , so that more fuel is produced than consumed .
About 33 % of the thermal energy in an ordinary nuclear reactor is converted to electricity .
Some new designs are as high as 48 % .
The heat from a 1,243 MWe reactor can produce 38,000 barrels of coal - derived oil per day ( 129 ) .
With one additional Palo Verde installation in each state for oil production , the yearly output would be at least 7 billion barrels per year with a value , at $ 60 per barrel , of more than $ 400 billion per year .
This is twice the oil production of Saudi Arabia .
Current proven coal reserves of the United States are sufficient to sustain this production for 200 years ( 128 ) .
This liquified coal exceeds the proven oil reserves of the entire world .
The reactors could produce gaseous hydrocarbons from coal , too .
The remaining heat from nuclear power plants could warm air or water for use in indoor climate control and other purposes .
Nuclear reactors can also be used to produce hydrogen , instead of oil and gas ( 130,131 ) .
The current cost of production and infrastructure is , however , much higher for hydrogen than for oil and gas .
Technological advance reduces cost , but usually not abruptly .
A prescient call in 1800 for the world to change from wood to methane would have been impracticably ahead of its time , as may be a call today for an abrupt change from oil and gas to hydrogen .
In distinguishing the practical from the futuristic , a free market in energy is absolutely essential .
Surely these are better outcomes than are available through international rationing and taxation of energy as has been recently proposed ( 82,83,97,123 ) .
This nuclear energy example demonstrates that current technology can produce abundant inexpensive energy if it is not politically suppressed .
There need be no vast government program to achieve this goal .
It could be reached simply by legislatively removing all taxation , most regulation and litigation , and all subsidies from all forms of energy production in the U.S. , thereby allowing the free market to build the most practical mixture of methods of energy generation .
With abundant and inexpensive energy , American industry could be revitalized , and the capital and energy required for further industrial and technological advance could be assured .
Also assured would be the continued and increased prosperity of all Americans .
The people of the United States need more low - cost energy , not less .
If this energy is produced in the United States , it can not only become a very valuable export , but it can also ensure that American industry remains competitive in world markets and that hoped - for American prosperity continues and grows .
In this hope , Americans are not alone .
Across the globe , billions of people in poorer nations are struggling to improve their lives .
These people need abundant low - cost energy , which is the currency of technological progress .
In newly developing countries , that energy must come largely from the less technologically complicated hydrocarbon sources .
It is a moral imperative that this energy be available .
Otherwise , the efforts of these peoples will be in vain , and they will slip backwards into lives of poverty , suffering , and early death .
Energy is the foundation of wealth .
Inexpensive energy allows people to do wonderful things .
For example , there is concern that it may become difficult to grow sufficient food on the available land .
Crops grow more abundantly in a warmer , higher CO2 environment , so this can mitigate future problems that may arise ( 12 ) .
Energy provides , however , an even better food insurance plan .
Energy - intensive hydroponic greenhouses are 2,000 times more productive per unit land area than are modern American farming methods ( 132 ) .
Therefore , if energy is abundant and inexpensive , there is no practical limit to world food production .
Fresh water is also believed to be in short supply .
With plentiful inexpensive energy , sea water desalination can provide essentially unlimited supplies of fresh water .
During the past 200 years , human ingenuity in the use of energy has produced many technological miracles .
These advances have markedly increased the quality , quantity , and length of human life .
Technologists of the 21st century need abundant , inexpensive energy with which to continue this advance .
Were this bright future to be prevented by world energy rationing , the result would be tragic indeed .
In addition to human loss , the Earth 's environment would be a major victim of such a mistake .
Inexpensive energy is essential to environmental health .
Prosperous people have the wealth to spare for environmental preservation and enhancement .
Poor , impoverished people do not .
CONCLUSIONS
There are no experimental data to support the hypothesis that increases in human hydrocarbon use or in atmospheric carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are causing or can be expected to cause unfavorable changes in global temperatures , weather , or landscape .
There is no reason to limit human production of CO2 , CH4 , and other minor greenhouse gases as has been proposed ( 82,83,97,123 ) .
We also need not worry about environmental calamities even if the current natural warming trend continues .
The Earth has been much warmer during the past 3,000 years without catastrophic effects .
Warmer weather extends growing seasons and generally improves the habitability of colder regions .
As coal , oil , and natural gas are used to feed and lift from poverty vast numbers of people across the globe , more CO2 will be released into the atmosphere .
This will help to maintain and improve the health , longevity , prosperity , and productivity of all people .
The United States and other countries need to produce more energy , not less .
The most practical , economical , and environmentally sound methods available are hydrocarbon and nuclear technologies .
Human use of coal , oil , and natural gas has not harmfully warmed the Earth , and the extrapolation of current trends shows that it will not do so in the foreseeable future .
The CO2 produced does , however , accelerate the growth rates of plants and also permits plants to grow in drier regions .
Animal life , which depends upon plants , also flourishes , and the diversity of plant and animal life is increased .
Human activities are producing part of the rise in CO2 in the atmosphere .
Mankind is moving the carbon in coal , oil , and natural gas from below ground to the atmosphere , where it is available for conversion into living things .
We are living in an increasingly lush environment of plants and animals as a result of this CO2 increase .
Our children will therefore enjoy an Earth with far more plant and animal life than that with which we now are blessed .
REFERENCES
1. Robinson , A. B. , Baliunas , S. L. , Soon , W. , and Robinson , Z. W. ( 1998 ) Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons 3 , 171-178 .
2. Soon , W. , Baliunas , S. L. , Robinson , A. B. , and Robinson , Z. W. ( 1999 ) Climate Res. 13 , 149-164 .
3. Keigwin , L. D. ( 1996 ) Science 274 , 1504 - 1508 .
ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub /data/paleo/contributions_by _author/keigwin1996 /
4. Oerlemanns , J. ( 2005 ) Science 308 , 675-677 .
5. Oerlemanns , J. , Björnsson , H. , Kuhn , M. , Obleitner , F. , Palsson , F. , Smeets , C. J. P. P. , Vugts , H. F. , and De Wolde , J. ( 1999 ) Boundary - Layer Meteorology 92 , 3 - 26 .
6. Greuell , W. and Smeets , P. ( 2001 ) J. Geophysical Res. 106 , 31717-31727 .
7. Marland , G. , Boden , T. A. , and Andres , R. J. ( 2007 ) Global , Regional , and National CO2 Emissions .
In Trends : A Compendium of Data on Global Change .
Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center , Oak Ridge National Laboratory , U.S. Department of Energy , Oak Ridge , TN , USA , http://cdiac.ornl.gov/trends
/emis/tre_glob.htm
8. Soon , W. ( 2005 ) Geophysical Research Letters 32 , 2005GL023429 .
9. Hoyt , D. V. and Schatten , K. H. ( 1993 ) J. Geophysical Res. 98 , 18895-18906 .
10 . National Climatic Data Center , Global Surface Temperature Anomalies ( 2007 )
http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa /climate/research/anomalies /anomalies.html and NASA GISS
http://data.giss.nasa.gov
/gistemp/graphs/Fig.D.txt .
11 . Soon , W. , Baliunas , S. , Idso , C. , Idso , S. , and Legates , D. R. ( 2003 ) Energy & Env. 14 , 233-296 .
12 . Idso , S. B. and Idso , C. D. ( 2007 ) Center for Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change http://www.co2science.org
/scripts/CO2ScienceB2C/educatio n/reports/hansen/hansencritique .jsp .
13 . Groveman , B. S. and Landsberg , H. E. ( 1979 ) Geophysical Research Letters 6 , 767-769 .
14 . Esper , J. , Cook , E. R. , and Schweingruber , F. H. ( 2002 ) Science 295 , 2250 - 2253 .
15 . Tan , M. , Hou , J. , and Liu , T. ( 2004 ) Geophysical Research Letters 31 , 2003GL019085 .
16 . Newton , A. , Thunell , R. , and Stott , L. ( 2006 ) Geophysical Research Letters 33 , 2006GL027234 .
17 . Akasofu , S. - I. ( 2007 ) International Arctic Research Center , Univ. of Alaska , Fairbanks http://www.iarc.uaf.edu
/highlights/2007/akasofu_3_07 /Earth_recovering_from_LIA_R
.pdf
18 . Teller , E. , Wood , L. , and Hyde , R. ( 1997 ) 22nd International Seminar on Planetary Emergencies , Erice , Italy , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , UCRL - JC - 128715 , 1-18 .
19 . Soon , W. ( 2007 ) private communication .
20 . U.S. National Climatic Data Center , U.S. Department of Commerce 2006 Climate Review .
http://lwf.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa /climate/research/cag3/na.html
21 . Landsea , C. W. ( 2007 ) EOS 88 No. 18 , 197 , 208 .
22 . Landsea , C. W. , Nicholls , N. , Gray , W. M. , and Avila , L. A. ( 1996 ) Geophysical Research Letters 23 , 1697 -1700 .
23 . Goldenberg , S. B. , Landsea , C. W. , Mesta- Nuñez , A. M. , and Gray , W. M. ( 2001 ) Science 293 , 474-479 .
24 . Jevrejeva , S. , Grinsted , A. , Moore , J. C. , and Holgate , S. ( 2006 ) J. Geophysical Res. 111 , 2005JC003229 .
http://www.pol.ac.uk/psmsl /author_archive/jevrejeva_etal _gsl /
25 . Leuliette , E. W. , Nerem , R. S. , and Mitchum , G. T. ( 2004 ) Marine Geodesy 27 , No. 1 - 2 , 79 -94 .
http://sealevel.colorado.edu/
26 . Lamb , H. H. ( 1982 ) Climate , History , and the Modern World , Methuen , New York .
27 . Essex , C. , McKitrick , R. , and Andresen , B. ( 2007 ) J. Non-Equilibrium Therm . 32 , 1 - 27 .
28 . Polyakov , I. V. , Bekryaev , R. V. , Alekseev , G. V. , Bhatt , U. S. , Colony , R. L. , Johnson , M. A. , Maskshtas , A. P. , and Walsh , D. ( 2003 ) Journal of Climate 16 , 2067 - 2077 .
29 . Christy , J. R. , Norris , W. B. , Spencer , R. W. , and Hnilo , J. J. ( 2007 ) J. Geophysical Res. 112 , 2005JD006881 .
http://vortex.nsstc.uah.edu /data/msu/t2lt/uahncdc .
30 . Spencer , R. W. and Christy , J. R. ( 1992 ) Journal of Climate 5 , 847-866 .
31 . Christy , J. R. ( 1995 ) Climatic Change 31 , 455-474 .
32 . Zhu , P. , Hack , J. J. , Kiehl , J. T. , and Bertherton , C. S. ( 2007 ) J. Geophysical Res. , in press .
33 . Balling , Jr. , R. C. ( 1992 ) The Heated Debate , Pacific Research Institute .
34 . Friis -Christensen , E. and Lassen , K. ( 1991 ) Science 254 , 698-700 .
35 . Baliunas , S. and Soon , W. ( 1995 ) Astrophysical Journal 450 , 896-901 .
36 . Neff , U. , Burns , S. J. , Mangini , A. , Mudelsee , M. , Fleitmann , D. , and Matter , A. ( 2001 ) Nature
411 , 290-293. 37 .
Jiang , H. , Eiríksson , J. , Schulz , M. , Knudsen , K. , and Seidenkrantz , M. ( 2005 ) Geology 33 , 73 -76 .
38 . Maasch , K. A. , et. al. ( 2005 ) Geografiska Annaler 87A , 7 -15 .
39 .
Wang , Y. , Cheng , H. , Edwards , R. L. , He , Y. , Kong , X. , An , Z. , Wu , J. , Kelly , M. J. , Dykoski , C. A. , and Li , X. ( 2005 ) Science 308 , 854-857 .
40 . Baliunas , S. L. et. al. ( 1995 ) Astrophysical Journal 438 , 269-287 .
41 . Fenton , L. K. , Geissler , P. E. , and Haberle , R. M. ( 2007 ) Nature 446 , 646-649 .
42 . Marcus , P. S. ( 2004 ) Nature 428 , 828-831 .
43 . Hammel , H. B. , Lynch , D. K. , Russell , R. W. , Sitko , M. L. , Bernstein , L. S. , and Hewagama , T. ( 2006 ) Astrophysical Journal 644 , 1326-1333 .
44 . Hammel , H. B. , and Lockwood , G. W. ( 2007 ) Geophysical Research Letters 34 , 2006GL028764 .
45 . Elliot , J. L. , et. al. ( 1998 ) Nature 393 , 765-767 .
46 . Elliot , J. L. , et. al. ( 2003 ) Nature 424 , 165-168 .
47 . Sicardy , B. , et. al. ( 2003 ) Nature 424 , 168-170 .
48 . Elliot , J. L. , et. al. ( 2007 ) Astronomical Journal 134 , 1 - 13 .
49 . Camp , C. D. and Tung , K. K. ( 2007 ) Geophysical Research Letters 34 , 2007GL030207 .
50 . Scafetta , N. and West , B. J. ( 2006 ) Geophysical Research Letters 33 , 2006GL027142 .
51 . Goodridge , J. D. ( 1996 ) Bull .
Amer. Meteor .
Soc. 77 , 3 - 4 ; Goodridge , J. D. ( 1998 ) private comm .
52 . Christy , J. R. and Goodridge , J. D. ( 1995 ) Atm. Envirn . 29 , 1957 - 1961 .
53 . Hansen , J. and Lebedeff , S. ( 1987 ) J. Geophysical Res. 92 , 13345-13372 .
54 . Hansen , J. and Lebedeff , S. ( 1988 ) Geophysical Research Letters 15 , 323-326 .
55 . Hansen , J. , Ruedy , R. , and Sato , M. ( 1996 ) Geophysical Research Letters 23 , 1665 -1668 ; http://www.giss.nasa.gov/data /gistemp /
56 . Schimel , D. S. ( 1995 ) Global Change Biology 1 , 77-91 .
57 . Houghton , R. A. ( 2007 ) Annual Review of Earth and Planetary Sciences 35 , 313-347 .
58 . Jaworowski , Z. , Segalstad , T. V. , and Ono , N. ( 1992 ) Science of the Total Environ .
114 , 227-284 .
59 . Segalstad , T. V. ( 1998 ) Global Warming the Continuing Debate , Cambridge UK : European Science and Environment Forum , ed. R. Bate , 184-218 .
60 . Berner , R. A. ( 1997 ) Science 276 , 544-545 .
61 . Retallack , G. J. ( 2001 ) Nature 411 , 287-290 .
62 . Rothman , D. H. ( 2002 ) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 99 , 4167 -4171 .
63 . Petit et. al. , ( 1999 ) Nature 399 , 429-436 .
64 . Siegenthaler , U. , et. al. ( 2005 ) Science 310 , 1313 - 1317 .
65 . Spahni , R. , et. al. ( 2005 ) Science 310 , 1317 - 1321 .
66 . Soon , W. ( 2007 ) Physical Geography , in press .
67 . Dettinger , M. D. and Ghill , M. ( 1998 ) Tellus , 50B , 1 - 24 .
68 . Kuo , C. , Lindberg , C. R. , and Thornson , D. J. ( 1990 ) Nature 343 , 709-714 .
69 . Revelle , R. and Suess , H. E. ( 1957 ) Tellus 9 , 18 - 27 .
70 . Yamashita , E. , Fujiwara , F. , Liu , X. , and Ohtaki , E. ( 1993 ) J. Oceanography 49 , 559-569 .
71 . Keeling , C. D. and Whorf , T. P. ( 1997 ) Trends Online : A Compendium of Data on Global Change , Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center , Oak Ridge National Laboratory ; http://cdiac.ornl.gov/trends
/co2/sio-mlo.htm
http://www.esrl.noaa.gov/gmd
/ccgg/trends/co2_data_mlo.html
72 . Schneider , D. P. et. al. ( 2006 ) Geophysical Research Letters 33 , 2006GL027057 .
73 . Archer , D. ( 2005 ) J. Geophysical Res. 110 , 2004JC002625 .
74 . Faraday , M. ( 1860 ) The Chemical History of a Candle , Christmas Lectures , Royal Institution , London .
75 . Serreze , M. C. , Holland , M. M. , and Stroeve , J. ( 2007 ) Science 315 , 1533 - 1536 .
76 . Bentley , C. R. ( 1997 ) Science 275 , 1077 - 1078 .
77 . Nicholls , K. W. ( 1997 ) Nature 388 , 460-462 .
78 . Davis , C. H. , Li , Y. , McConnell , J. R. , Frey , M. M. , and Hanna , E. ( 2005 ) Science 308 , 1898 - 1901 .
79 . Monaghan , A. J. , et. al. ( 2006 ) Science 313 , 827-831 .
80 . Kullman , L. ( 2007 ) Nordic Journal of Botany 24 , 445-467 .
81 . Lindzen , R. S. ( 1994 ) Ann. Review Fluid Mech. 26 , 353-379 .
82 . IPCC Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) , Working Group I Report ( 2007 ) .
83 . Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( 1997 ) .
84 . Sun , D. Z. and Lindzen , R. S. ( 1993 ) Ann. Geophysicae 11 , 204-215 .
85 . Spencer , R. W. and Braswell , W. D. ( 1997 ) Bull .
Amer. Meteorological Soc. 78 , 1097 - 1106 .
86 . Idso , S. B. ( 1998 ) Climate Res. 10 , 69 - 82 .
87 . Soon , W. , Baliunas , S. , Idso , S. B. , Kondratyev , K. Ya. , and Posmentier , E. S. ( 2001 ) Climate Res. 18 , 259-275 .
88 . Lindzen , R. S. ( 1996 ) Climate Sensitivity of Radiative Perturbations : Physical Mechanisms and Their Validation , NATO ASI Series 134 , ed. H. Le Treut , Berlin : Springer - Verlag , 51 - 66 .
89 . Renno , N. O. , Emanuel , K. A. , and Stone , P. H. ( 1994 ) J. Geophysical Res. 99 , 14429-14441 .
90 . Soden , B. J. ( 2000 ) Journal of Climate 13 , 538-549 .
91 . Lindzen , R. S. , Chou , M. , and Hou , A. Y. ( 2001 ) Bull .
Amer. Meteorlogical Soc. 82 , 417-432 .
92 . Spencer , R. W. , Braswell , W. D. , Christy , J. R. , and Hnilo , J. ( 2007 ) Geophysical Research Letters 34 , 2007GL029698 .
93 . Lindzen , R. S. ( 1995 ) , personal communication .
94 . Khalil , M. A. K. , Butenhoff , C. L. , and Rasmussen , R. A. ( 2007 ) Environmental Science and Technology 41 , 2131 -2137 .
95 . Annual Energy Review , U.S. Energy Information Admin. , Report No. DOE / EIA - 0384 ( 2006 ) .
96 . Essex , C. , Ilie , S. , and Corless , R. M. ( 2007 ) J. Geophysical Res. , in press .
97 . Gore , A. ( 2006 ) An Inconvenient Truth , Rodale , NY .
98 . Penner , S S. , Schneider , A. M. , and Kennedy , E. M. ( 1984 ) Acta Astronautica 11 , 345-348 .
99 . Crutzen , P. J. ( 2006 ) Climatic Change 77 , 211-219 .
100 . Idso , S. B. ( 1989 ) Carbon Dioxide and Global Change : Earth in Transition , IBR Press .
101 . Lam , S. H. ( 2007 ) Logarithmic Response and Climate Sensitivity of Atmospheric CO2 , 1 - 15 ,
www.princeton.edu/~lam/document s/LamAug07bs.pdf .
102 . Lindzen , R. S. ( 2005 ) Proc. 34th Int. Sem. Nuclear War and Planetary Emergencies , ed. R .
Raigaina , World Scientific Publishing , Singapore , 189-210 .
103 . Kimball , B. A. ( 1983 ) Agron. J. 75 , 779-788 .
104 . Cure , J. D. and Acock , B. ( 1986 ) Agr. Forest Meteorol . 8 , 127-145 .
105 . Mortensen , L. M. ( 1987 ) Sci. Hort. 33 , 1 - 25 .
106 . Lawlor , D. W. and Mitchell , R. A. C. ( 1991 ) Plant , Cell , and Environ .
14 , 807-818 .
107 . Drake , B. G. and Leadley , P. W. ( 1991 ) Plant , Cell , and Environ .
14 , 853-860 .
108 . Gifford , R. M. ( 1992 ) Adv. Bioclim .
1 , 24-58 .
109 . Poorter , H. ( 1993 ) Vegetatio 104-105 , 77-97 .
110 . Graybill , D. A. and Idso , S. B. ( 1993 ) Global Biogeochem .
Cyc. 7 , 81-95 .
111 . Waddell , K. L. , Oswald , D. D. , and Powell D. S. ( 1987 ) Forest Statistics of the United States ,
U.S. Forest Service and Dept. of Agriculture .
112 . Smith , W. B. , Miles , P. D. , Vissage , J. S. , and Pugh , S. A. ( 2002 ) Forest Resources of the
United States , U.S. Forest Service and Dept. of Agriculture .
113 . Grace , J. , Lloyd , J. , McIntyre , J. , Miranda , A. C. , Meir , P. , Miranda , H. S. , Nobre , C. , Moncrieff ,
J. , Massheder , J. , Malhi , Y. , Wright , I. , and Gash , J. ( 1995 ) Science 270 , 778-780 .
114 . Idso , K. E. and Idso , S. ( 1974 ) Agr. Forest Meteor . 69 , 153-203 .
115 . Kimball , B.A. , Pinter Jr. , P. J. , Hunsaker , D. J. , Wall , G. W. G. , LaMorte , R. L. , Wechsung , G. ,
Wechsung , F. , and Kartschall , T. ( 1995 ) Global Change Biology 1 , 429-442 .
116 . Pinter , J. P. , Kimball , B. A. , Garcia , R. L. , Wall , G. W. , Hunsaker , D. J. , and LaMorte , R. L .
( 1996 ) Carbon Dioxide and Terrestrial Ecosystems 215-250 , Koch and Mooney , Acad .
Press .
117 . Idso , S. B. and Kimball , B. A. ( 1991 ) Agr. Forest Meteor . 55 , 345-349 .
118 . Idso , S. B. and Kimball , B. A. ( 1994 ) J. Exper .
Botany 45 , 1669 - 1692 .
119 . Idso , S. B. and Kimball , B. A. , ( 1997 ) Global Change Biol .
3 , 89 -96 .
120 . McNaughton , S. J. , Oesterhold , M. , Frank .
D. A. , and Williams , K. J. ( 1989 ) Nature 341 ,
142-144 .
121 . Cyr , H. and Pace , M. L. ( 1993 ) Nature 361 , 148-150 .
122 . Scheiner , S. M. and Rey - Benayas , J. M. ( 1994 ) Evol .
Ecol. 8 , 331-347 .
123 . Gore , A. , Pelosi , N. , and Reid , H. ( June 29 , 2007 ) The Seven Point Live Earth Pledge .
Speaker
of the House Website , www.speaker.gov. and www.liveearth.org.
124 . Beckmann , P. ( 1985 ) The Health Hazards of NOT Going Nuclear , Golem , Boulder , Colorado .
125 . American Nuclear Society , Nuclear News ( 2007 ) March , 46 - 48 .
126 . McNamara , B. ( 2006 ) Leabrook Computing , Bournemouth , England .
127 . Projected Costs of Generating Electricity : 2005 Update ( 2005 ) , Paris : Nuclear Energy Agency , OECD Publication No. 53955 2005 , Paris .
128 . Penner , S. S. ( 1998 ) Energy 23 , 71 - 78 .
129 . Posma , B. ( 2007 ) Liquid Coal , Fort Meyers , Fl , www.liquidcoal.com.
130 . Ausubel , .
J. H. ( 2007 ) Int. J. Nuclear Governance , Economy and Ecology 1 , 229-243 .
131 . Penner , S. S. ( 2006 ) Energy 31 , 33 - 43 .
132 . Simon , J. L. ( 1996 ) The Ultimate Resource 2 , Princeton Univ. Press , Princeton , New Jersey .
Signers of the Petition - Global Warming Petition Project Information
Detailed information about this Peition Project is available at :
Our e-mail address , for the purposes of this project , is : artr@oism.org
If you would like to mirror this site or download it to your hard drive , click here .
You may also view and print this entire web site in one easy step .
Signers of the Petition - Global Warming Petition Project Signers A
900 Signers Out of 31,072 Total in US
Earl M. Aagaard , PhD , Charles W. Aami , Roger L. Aamodt , PhD , Wilbur A. Aanes , M. Robert Aaron , Ralph F. Abate , Hamed K. Abbas , PhD , Paul Abbett , Wyatt E. Abbitt III , Ursula K. Abbott , PhD , Bernaard J. Abbott , PhD , David M. Abbott Jr. , Frank D. Abbott , Paul Abbott , Donald W. Abbott , Douglas R. Abbott , David J. Abbott , Eugene Abbott , Refaat A. Abdel - Malek , PhD , Riaz F. Abdulla , PhD , Albert S. Abdullah , DVM , Alan E. Abel , Jason Abel , Janis I. Abele , Joseph M. Abell , Robert E. Abell , Gene H. Abels , MD , Philip H. Abelson , PhD* , Wayne Aben , Jerrold Abernathy , Marshall W. Abernathy , Grady L. Ables , Earl Arthur Abrahamson , PhD , Robert C. Abrams , Carl M. Abrams , Alan V. Abrams , MD , Paul B. Abramson , PhD , Jose L. Abreu Jr. , Joe L. Abriola Jr. , Ahmed E. Aburahmah , PhD , Austin R. Ace , David A. Acerni , John W. Achee Sr. , Billy R. Achmbaugh , Paul Achmidt , Daniel T. Achord , PhD , Ernest R. Achterberg , Ava V. Ackerman , DVM , William L. Ackerman , John R. Ackerman , Gene L. Ackerman , Richard E. Ackermann , Terry D. Ackman , Donald O. Acrey , Lee Actor , Humberto M. Acuna Jr. , Robert K. Adair , PhD , William G. Adair Jr. , Daniel Otis Adam , PhD , Brian D. Adam , PhD , Chris Adam , Anthony F. Adamo , George Baker Adams , PhD , Neil Adams , PhD , Leonard Caldwell Adams , PhD , Phillip Adams , PhD , Harold Elwood Adams , PhD , Gail D. Adams , PhD , Roy Melville Adams , PhD , Louis W. Adams , PhD , John Edgar Adams , PhD , Gerald J. Adams , PhD , Wilton T. Adams , PhD , William M. Adams , PhD , Brook W. Adams , Lewis R. Adams , William John Adams , Steven W. Adams , John Adams , William P. Adams , Dwight L. Adams , MD , Dell H. Adams , Ann S. Adams , Bryan C. Adams , Anthony W. Adams , MD , Richard L. Adams , William W. Adams , Eugene Adams , Walter F. Adams , Henry J. Adams , Richard Ernest Adams , Donald Adams , Opal Adams , Howard J. Adams , Richard W. Adams , MD , George F. Adams , Kent A. Adams , Daniel B. Adams Jr. , N. Adams , Steve W. Adams , William D. Adams , Roy B. Adams , Jim D. Adams , William J. Adams Jr. , Albert H. Adams , MD , James William Adams , Charles K. Adams , Wayne L. Adamson , Verne E. Adamson , Karlis JR Adamsons Jr. , PhD , Rusty Adcock , MD , Robert E. Adcock , George Adcock , Lionel Paul Adda , PhD , Ben J. Addiego , William H. Addington , Tim Addington , Albert W. Addington , Paul Bradley Addis , PhD , Marshall B. Addison , PhD , Winford R. Addison , Joseph E. Adducci , MD , John K. Addy , PhD , Wayne F. Addy , C. William Ade , Albert H. Adelman , PhD , Barnet R. Adelman , Ronald R. Adkins , PhD , T. Adkins , L. A. Adkins , Gary N. Adkins , Wilder Adkins , Michael F. Adkins , Perry Lee Adkisson , PhD , Norman Adler , PhD , Jacques J.P. Adnet , Eric R. Adolphson , John H. Adrain , MD , Anthony J. Adrignolo , PhD , Harry Adrounie , PhD , V. Harry Adrounie , PhD , Richard A. Adsero , Steve E. Aeschbach , Stanley P. Aetrewicz , Stephen B. Affleck , PhD , Siegfried Aftergut , PhD , Jack G. Agan , Frederick A. Agdern , Larry Delmar Agenbroad , PhD , Sven Agerbek , David Agerton , PhD , George Aggen , PhD , Vincent Agnello , MD , Kenneth Agnes , Thomas I. Agnew , PhD , Mark R. Agnew , Robert F. Agnew , MD , M. C. Agress , John Aguilar , Jorge T. Aguinaldo , Aida M. Aguirre , Robert Aharonov , Richard Ahern , Phillip S. Ahlberg , Kevin Ahlborg , Mark Ahlert , Terry Ahlquist , Richard G. Ahlvin , Mumtaz Ahmed , PhD , Rafique Ahmed , PhD , Robert A. Ahokas , PhD , H. William Ahrenholz , Rolland W. Ahrens , PhD , Edward Ahrens , Robert M. Ahring , PhD , Joseph Aiello , MD , John J. Aiello , Robert P. Aillery , Brian R. Ainley , Oscar Richard Ainsworth , PhD , Alfred Ainsworth 3rd , Steven L. Ainsworth , Sol Aisenberg , PhD , John W. Ake , John Hvan Aken , Arthur W. Akers , Stuart R. Akers , David J. Akers , Gary L. Akerstrom , Wayne Henry Akeson , MD , Munawwar M. Akhtar , Frank Jerrel Akin , PhD , Thane Akins , Frederick I. Akiya , John S. Akiyama , M. H. Akram , PhD , Philip R. Akre , MD , Lloyd Alaback , G. James Alaback , John A. Alai , Robert J. Alaimo , PhD , Rogelio N. Alama , Greg Alan , Vincent M. Albanese , Henry Albaugh , Grant Alberich , Daniel C. Albers , Timothy A. Albers , Kenneth O. Albers , Arthur Edward Albert , PhD , Eric K. Albert , PhD , Edward Albert , Tom J. Albert , William L. Albert , James T. Albert , James L. Alberta , Leland C. Albertson , Roy A. Albertson , Frank Addison Albini , PhD , Rudolph C. Albrecht , Allan J. Albrecht , Robert M. Albrecht , Jay Donald Albright , PhD , James C. Albright , PhD , Robert Lee Albright , PhD , Fred Ronald Albright , PhD , William D. Albright , Marcus Albro , Allwyn Albuquerque , Evelyn A. Alcantara , PhD , Ernest Charles Alcaraz , PhD , Garrett D. Alcorn , John C. Alden , PhD , Frank J. Alder , Ronald Godshall Alderfer , PhD , Thomas Alderson , PhD , Ben Alderton , Franklin Dalton Aldrich , PhD , Samuel Roy Aldrich , PhD , Harl P. Aldrich , PhD , Richard John Aldrich , PhD , Reuben J. Aldrich , Robert Aldridge , Gabriel C. Aldulescu , MD , Perry Baldwin Alers , PhD , Alex F. Alessandrini , Steven J. Alessandro , Andrew J. Alessi , Stephen R. Alewine , Joseph J. Alex , Joe Alex , M. Dale Alexander , PhD , Michael L. Alexander , Ira H. Alexander , Dave Alexander , George C. Alexander , DVM , John C. Alexander , Harold R. Alexander , Danrick W. Alexander , Robert Alexander , Dennis J. Alexander , James F. Alexander Jr. , Moorad Alexanian , PhD , Igor Alexeff , PhD , Charles D. Alexson , Rodolfo Q. Alfonso , Mary E. Alford , Jennifer M. Alford , Rex Alford , Robert L. Alford , Luis A. Algarra , Roger Casanova Alig , PhD , Casanova Alig , PhD , Mark J. Alkire , MD , R. Allahyari , PhD , Louis John Allamandola , PhD , C. Allard , Roger L. Allard , Joel W. Alldredge , Fred A. Allehoff , John F. Alleman , Eric R. Allen , PhD , Paul W. Allen , PhD , Roger B. Allen , PhD , Clayton H. Allen , PhD , Charles M. Allen , PhD , Emma Allen , PhD , Ben C. Allen , PhD , David Allen , PhD , James L. Allen , PhD , Thomas Hunter Allen , PhD , Robert K. Allen , MD , Levi D. Allen , Robert C. Allen , Pampselo Allen , Kimbol R. Allen , Joshua C. Allen , Madelyn H. Allen , DVM , Christopher G. Allen , Charles C. Allen , Robert G. Allen , DVM , Kenneth L. Allen , F. J. Allen , Stewart J. Allen , John L. Allen , Randall Allen , Marvin E. Allen , Merrill P. Allen , David M. Allen , Kristin L. Allen , William Allen Jr. , Jason D. Allen , William W. Allen , Robert T. Van Aller , PhD , George L. Allerton , Carl J. Allesandro , Robert Q. Alleva , Jonathan Alley , MD , Ernest R. Alley , George L. Allgoever , Robert H. Allgood , Robert W. Allgood , Richard Alan Alliegro , Mike E. Alligood , Ronald C. Allison , MD , Gary L. Allison , Kevin R. Allison , Craig Allison , Randall W. Allison , Terry G. Allison , Kevin E. Allisonn , Charles E. Allman , George J. Allman , Philip D. Allmendinger , MD , John J. Allport , PhD , Victor Dean Allred , PhD , Albert L. Allred , PhD , Bruce W. Allred , Ivan D. Allred , Gary W. Allshouse , Arthur W. Allsop , Terry Alltson , Gary L. Allurg , MD , R. A. Allwein , Ronaldo A. Almero , Frank Murray Almeter , PhD , Kent A. Alms , Richard E. Almy , Ramon J. Alonso , PhD , Jorge L. Alonso , James A. Aloye , Ali Yulmaz Alper , Reevis Stancil Alphin , PhD , Zeki Al - Saigh , PhD , Allen A. Alsing , A. Frank Alsobrook , Robert C. Alson , Albert W. Alsop , PhD , John Henry Alsop , PhD , Randy J. Alstadt , Sally S. Alston , John Pruyn Van Alstyne , Charles Alt , Greg A. Altberg , Vincent O. Altemose , Nicholas A. Alten , Frederick C. Althaus , George A. Alther , Howard W. Althouse , Timothy L. Altier , Ashton Altieri , Martin E. Altis , David Altman , PhD , Melvyn R. Altman , PhD , Ronny G. Altman , Peter Christian Altner , MD , Herbert N. Altneu , Sidney J. Altschuler , Edward E. Altshuler , PhD , Burton Myron Altura , PhD , Patrick Aluotto , PhD , Frank M. Alustiza , Raul C. Alva , Anthony B. Alvarado , Raymond Angelo Alvarez Jr. , PhD , Antonio R. Alvarez , Virgilio E. Alvarez , Dayton L. Alverson , PhD , Bryron Alvey , R. Byron Alvey , Stephen Edward Always , PhD , Vern J. Always , Zaynab Al - Yassin , PhD , James I. Alyea , Bradley A. Aman , Farouk Amanatullah , David Saint Amand , Larry C. Amans , James L. Amarel , Charles David Amata , PhD , Carmelo J. Amato , Paul Gerard Amazeen , PhD , Ronald F. Amberger , PhD , Leonard Amborski , PhD , Joseph R. Ambruster , Donald Ford Amend , PhD , Marvin Earl Ament , Richard Amerling , MD , Robert C. Amero , Lynford Lenhart Ames , PhD , Edward J. Ames III , Martin R. Ames , Donald R. Amett , Michael R. Amick , Wayne P. Amico , Dean P. Amidon , Pushpavati S. Amin , Duane R. Amlee , Kenneth S. Ammons , Moris Amon , PhD , Richard D. Amori , Dewey Harold Amos , PhD , Bonnie B. Amos , PhD , A. Amr , PhD , Fred Amsler , MD , Robert L. Amster , DVM , Thomas A. Amundsen , Adolph L. Amundson , James P. Amy , Barry M. Amyx , MD , Raymond J. Anater , Sal A. Anazalone , Kenneth L. Ancell , Melvin M. Anchell , MD , Ernest J. Andberg , Kenneth J. Anderer , G. Anderle , PhD , John P. Anders , MD , Wilford Hoyt Andersen , PhD , Torben B. Andersen , PhD , Donald A. Andersen , PhD , Terrell Neils Andersen , PhD , Lawrence D. Andersen , Donald R. Andersen Jr. , Gene P. Andersen , George H. Andersen , Doug E. Andersen , D. Andersen , David W. Anderso , Robert W. Andersohn , Donald Anderson , PhD , John C. Anderson , PhD , Bernard Jeffrey Anderson , PhD , Arthur G. Anderson , PhD , Joy R. Anderson , PhD , Ross S. Anderson , PhD , Orson Lamar Anderson , PhD , David Anderson , PhD , Thomas F. Anderson , PhD , Julia W. Anderson , PhD , Amos Robert Anderson , PhD , Ingrid Anderson , PhD , Richard Alan Anderson , PhD , Corby G. Anderson , PhD , Leslie Anderson , PhD , Elmer A. Anderson , PhD , David Robert Anderson , PhD , Larry Anderson , PhD , Donald Heruin Anderson , PhD , David O. Anderson , PhD , David Anderson , Alan J. Anderson , Anita Teter Anderson , Chris Anderson , Conrad E. Anderson , MD , Jane E. Anderson , Roscoe B. Anderson , MD , Robert E. Anderson , Warren Ronald Anderson , Thomas P. Anderson , James Anderson , Walton O. Anderson , Glenn L. Anderson , Tom Anderson , James P. Anderson , Janis W. Anderson , David B. Anderson , Barry D. Anderson , Bruce Martin Anderson Jr. , Mike E. Anderson , David A. Anderson , Joel Anderson , Thornton Anderson , William L. Anderson , Harrison Clarke Anderson , MD , Arthur E. Anderson , Roy E. Anderson , James R. Anderson , Leif H. Anderson , Professor Anderson , Craig A. Anderson , Jon C. Anderson , MD , Mitchell Anderson , R. L. Anderson , Ken Anderson , Nathan Anderson , Mary Anderson , Robert J. Anderson, MD , Lynn C. Anderson , DVM , H. C. Anderson , Randa ; ; H. Anderson , Christopher Anderson , James K. Anderson , Loran K. Anderson , Kenneth E. Anderson , Arvid Anderson , J. Hilbert Anderson , Douglas J. Anderson , MD , Albert S. Anderson , MD , Mark Anderson , Fred G. Anderson , MD , Richard C. Anderson , P. Jennings Anderson , Keith R. Anderson , Greg J. Anderson , Reece B. Anderson , C. M. Anderson Jr. , Wilbert C. Anderson , John O. Anderson , Russell Anderson , Gerald L. Anderson , Theodore D. Anderson , Tom P. Anderson , Mark A. Anderson , Roger O. Anderson , Percy G. Anderson Jr. , Lowell Ray Anderson , Karen Andersonnoeck , Charles S. Andes , Mark J. Andorka , John Robert Andrade , PhD , Manuel Andrade , John Andrako , PhD , Ivan J. Andrasik , Peter R. Andreana , PhD , Gilbert M. Andreen , Eva Andrei , PhD , George Andreiev , Richard M. Andres , PhD , Duane F. Andress , Douglas Andress , Steven M. Andreucci , James F. Andrew , PhD , James M. Andrew , Russell S. Andrews , PhD , John Stevens Andrews , PhD , Scott Andrews , PhD , Russell A. Andrews , Mel Andrews , Frederick T. Andrews , Felixe A. Andrews , Raynal W. Andrews , Harry N. Andrews , Marion L. Andrews , Timothy Andreychek , Lois Andros , M. B. Andrus , PhD , Walter S. Andrus , Edward A. Andrus , Robert E. Angel , Ernest F. Angelicola , Vincent Angelo , PhD , Francis M. Angeloni , PhD , T. Angelosaute , Steven T. Angely , Claude B. Anger , Robert H. Angevine , Ernest Angino , PhD , Walter C. Anglemeyer , Howard P. Angstadt , PhD , Micheal J. Anhorn , Kevin P. Ankenbrand , William D. Ankney , Stuart H. Anness , Stig A. Annestrand , B. M. Anose , PhD , Mohammed R. Ansari , Gregory W. Antal , Bradley C. Antanaitis , PhD , Bradley C. Anthanaitis , PhD , John Allen Anthes , PhD , Elizabeth Y . Anthony , PhD , Lee Saunders Anthony , PhD , Robert D. Anthony , Jack R. Anthony , Charles H. Antinori , PhD , Achilles P. Anton , MD , Herbert D. Anton , Nick J. Antonas , Dan Antonescu - Wolf , MD , Rolando A. Antonio , Wilfred L> Antonson , Stephen P. Antony , Walter Robert Van Antwerp , Mary J. Anzia , PhD , Clarence R. Apel , MD , Henry W.
Apfelbach , MD , P. J. Apice , Carl Apicella , Bruce W. Apland , David R. Appel , Kenneth P. Apperson , Norman Apperson , W. H. Appich Jr. , Lynn Apple , Robert Apple , Alan Appleby , PhD , Robert H. Appleby , James K. Applegate , PhD , Donald Applegate , DVM , Lowell N. Applegate , John K. Applegath , Herbert S. Appleman , Douglas E. Applequist , PhD , Morris Herman Aprison , PhD , Charles Apter , PhD , Richard Apuzzo II , J. B. Aquilla , MD , Arturo Q. Arabe , PhD , Ara Arabyan , PhD , Steven B. Aragon , Orlando A. Arana , Eric C. Araneta , Jonathan Arata , PhD , Howard Arbaugh , Anatoly L. Arber , PhD , Harry D. Arber , R. Kent Arblaster , Jaime Arbona - Fazzi , PhD , Earl F. Arbuckle 3rd , John Arcadi , James R. Arce , Antonio E. Arce , Ed Arce , Frank G. Arcella , PhD , Byron J. Arceneaux , Webster J. Arceneaux Jr. , Leon M. Arceneaux , John Arch , William W. Archer , Donald Archer , Bill Archer , Diane Archer , Patrick J. Archey , Robert L. Archibald , Philip Archibald , John Archie , Angela N. Archon , Stephen A. Arcutt , William Bryant Ard , PhD, William Ard , Richard J. Ardine Arthur , Joe R. Arechavaleta , Christopher Arend , Robert W. Arends , Elton E. Arensman , Vittorio K. Argento , PhD , Harold V. Argo , PhD , Guvenc Argon , John W. Argue , Lawrence Ariano , MD , William J. Arion , PhD , Zaven S. Ariyan , PhD , Alfred Arkell , PhD , Giacomo Armand DI , PhD , Gertrude D. Armbruster , PhD , Thomas G. Armbuster , MD , Richard W. Armentrout , PhD , Lew Armer , J. S. Armijo , PhD , Ralph Elmer Armington , PhD , Bobby M. Armistead , William E. Armour , Robert L. Arms , Baxter H. Armstrong , PhD , Marvin D. Armstrong , PhD , Joseph Armstrong , PhD , Robert Lee Armstrong , PhD , Robert L. Armstrong , PhD , Desiree A. Armstrong , PhD , Lou Armstrong , Clifford B. Armstrong Jr. , Mark Armstrong , James R. Armstrong , DVM , James E. Armstrong , Lowell Todd Armstrong , Glenn M. Armstrong , Melvin B. Armstrong , Robert Emile Arnal , PhD , Dana Arndt , Harold H. Arndt , Ross Harold Arnett , PhD , William S. Arnett , Jerome C. Arnett Jr. , Charles Arney , T. Philip Arnhol , PhD , Philip John Arnholt , PhD , R. Arnold , PhD , Charles Arnold , PhD , William Archibald Arnold , PhD , Jack N. Arnold , Robert Arnold Jr. , DVM , Marcia L. Arnold , Timothy D. Arnold , Randall W. Arnold , C. Arnold , Charles W. Arnold , Gregory B. Arnold , Edwin L. Arnold , Herbert K. Arnold , David Arnold , Lance L. Arnold , Lester C. Arnwine , James T. Arocho , MD , Sidney O. Arola , Seymour Aronson , PhD , Casper J. Aronson , George V. Aros Chilingarian , PhD , Joseph Bartholomew Arots , PhD , Adrian Arp , PhD , Charles Hammond Arrington , PhD , Dale E. Arrington , PhD , Donald R. Arrington , Clement R. Arrison , Rhea T. Van Arsdall , John V. Artale , James S. Arthur , PhD , Charles G. Artinian , MD , Max Artusy , PhD , Robert Artz , Jaime N. Aruguete , MD , Delano Z. Arvin , PhD , Joseph J. Arx , George J. Asanovich , Charles H. Asbill , Bob J. Ascherl , Willard Van Asdall , PhD , Alvin G. Ash , Michael W. Ashberry , Edward V. Ashburn , Joe E. Ashby , PhD , Randolph Ashby , PhD , Kenny Ashby , Charles R. Ashford , Holt Ashley , PhD , Doyle Allen Ashley , PhD , Warren Cotton Ashley , PhD , A. Ashley , PhD , William M. Ashley , Edward E. Ashley , Maynard B. Ashley , Wayne A. Ashley , Alvin Ashman , Jerome P. Ashman , Philip T. Ashton , Romney A. Ashton , MD , Walter R. Ashwil , Walter R. Ashwill , Jim F. Ashworth , Bob Ashworth , Monroe Ashworth , Robert S. Ashworth , Victor Asirvatham , PhD , Orv B. Askeland , Ann Askew , B. Askildsen , Charles W. Askins , Philip R. Askman , Tom Asmas , PhD , Robert C. Asmus , Erik Aspelin , Winifred Alice Asprey , PhD , Don O. Asquith , PhD , Mike Assad , Andrew P. Assenmacher , Orazio J. Astarita , Jacob F. Asti , Everett L. Astleford , Eugene Roy Astley , R. Lee Aston Esq , PhD , Raymond J. Astor Sr. , Otilia J. Asuncion , MD , Charles E. Atchison , James Atchison , Curtis L. Atchley , Robert Aten , PhD , Greg J. Aten , James Athanasion , William J. Atherton , PhD , Michael J. Atherton , PhD , Robert D. Athey Jr. , PhD , David C. Atkins , M. Atkins , Larry P. Atkins , Arthur C. Atkins , Larry N. Atkinson , Lynn Atkinson , Matt Atkinson , John P. Atkinson , John R. Atkinson , J. R. Atkinson , Stanley L. Atnipp , Richard Attig , Leonardo D. Attorre , William J. Attwooll , Jerry C. Atwell , Mark Atwood , PhD , Robert C. Atwood , Luben Atzeff , MD , Jerry Y. Au , Lester C. Auble , Darrel D. Auch , James C. Auckland , Walter Auclair , PhD , Daniel J. Aucutt , Bryan Audiffred , William H. Audley , Victor Hugo Auerbach , PhD , Louis A. Auerbach , Keith H. Aufderheide , PhD , William R. Aufricht , Dale A. Augenstein , PhD , Owen H. Auger , Dustin M. Aughenbaugh , Joe Augspurger , PhD , Mike August , James K. August , Brian Augustine , PhD , W. David Augustine , Frederick N. Aukeman , J. Todd Aukerman , C. Mark .
Aulick , PhD , Luther Aull , PhD , Neil N. Ault , PhD , Bruce S. Ault , PhD , Kathi A. Aultman , MD , John B. Aultmann Jr. , Thomas E. Aumock , Bob J. Aumueller , Henry Spiese Aurand , Richard A. Aurand , Richard Aurisano , PhD , Joeseph D. Aurizio , Brian E. Ausburn , Kenny Ausmus , Kurt L. Austad , Roger J. Austin , PhD , Alfred Ells Austin , PhD , Carl Fulton Austin , PhD , D. Austin , PhD , Del Austin , D. Austin , Michael N. Austin , Paul E. Austin , Robert L. Austin , Harold T. Austin , Ward H. Austin , Lloyd H. Austin , Carlton L. Austin , Edward T. Auth , Donald W. Autio , Amalia R. Auvigne , MD , Andrew B. Avalon , Canan D. Avela , William E. Avera , Mark Averett , Jon R. Averhoff , Frank Averill , PhD , Rosario D. Averion , Philip J. Avery , Donald Avery , Nathan M. Avery , Alex Avery , Kenneth Avicola , Luis A. Avila , Teresita D. Avila , MD , Arthur J. Avila , Joseph Avruch , Theodore C. Awartkruis , PhD , Steven G. Axen , M. Friedman Axler , PhD , William P. Aycock , Walton T. Ayer , Robert C. Ayers Jr. , PhD , Bruce D. Ayres , PhD , T. G. Ayres , Dany Ayseur , Alison M. Azar , Max Azevedo , Azizollah Azhdam
Signers of the Petition - Global Warming Petition Project Signers B
2,950 Signers Out of 31,072 Total in US
Peter R. B , MD , Bryan Baab , Dirk Den Baars , PhD , William J. Babalis , MD , Neil C. Babb , Jerry L. Baber , Gerald V. Babigian , John M. Babli , Christopher J. Bablin , Bill E. Babyak , Ray M. Bacchi , Ronald R. Bach , PhD , Ricardo O. Bach , PhD , Frederick Addison Bacher , Gordon R. Bachlund , Bonnie Jean Wilson Bachman , PhD , Randall L. Bachman , Charles L. Bachman , Bruce E. Bachman , Henry Lee Bachman , Kenneth A. Bachmann , PhD , Kent P. Bachmann , Joseph P. Bacho , Robert J. Bachta , Patrick J. Back , William E. Backes , Alan G. Backman , MD , Charles R. Bacon , PhD , William Dudson Bacon , PhD , Frederic S. Bacon Jr. , Mary Bacon , Lloyal O. Bacon , Frank Rider Bacon , Drury L. Bacon , J. Robert Bacon , Robert J. Baczuk , Tanwir A. Badar , Maurice F. Baddour , Jay K .
WASHINGTON  Elected judges must disqualify themselves from cases involving people who spent exceptionally large sums to put them on the bench , the Supreme Court ruled on Monday in a 5 - to - 4 decision .
The decision , the first to say the Constitution ’s due process clause has a role to play in policing the role of money in judicial elections , ordered the chief justice of the West Virginia Supreme Court to recuse himself from a $ 50 million case against a coal company whose chief executive had spent $ 3 million to elect him .
Thirty - nine states , including New York , elect at least some of their judges , and election campaigns , particularly for state supreme courts , have in recent years grown increasingly expensive and nasty .
In the last decade , spending on elections for state high courts has reached $ 200 million , according to Justice at Stake , a group that tracks campaign spending .
Elected judges routinely accept contributions from lawyers and litigants who appear before them , and they seldom disqualify themselves for cases involving donors .
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , writing for the majority in a decision that split along familiar ideological lines , said the Constitution required disqualification when an interested party ’s spending had a “ disproportionate influence ” in a case that was “ pending or imminent . ”
Today , President Hamid Karzai will be inaugurated in front of an audience of foreign dignitaries .
But appearing on Afghan television , he is a little less statesmanlike .
The incessant bickering , it seems , has grown too much , and Mr Karzai snaps : instead of calmly swearing an oath to his country , he is trying to strangle the US ambassador , jowl quivering next to spit - flecked jowl .
A UN official gazes placidly at the unfolding chaos but luckily there 's someone here with a little more nerve .
" Shut up , " screams a cross- dressing interpreter .
It 's not exactly The Daily Show , but this is political satire , Afghan style .
Zang -e - Khatar ( " Alarm Bell " ) , is a popular TV show in Afghanistan that has been thriving on the country 's political tribulations .
It receives primetime billing – 9 pm every Wednesday – and almost everyone with a TV seems to have seen an episode .
" It 's good entertainment , " said Ahmad Fawad , a shopkeeper .
" It 's our custom to watch it every week . "
His friend chimed in : " It 's funny and it 's informative .
Our government is weak and Zang - e - Khatar tells people what 's going on . "
The election debacle and subsequent speculation over who Mr Karzai will appoint to his cabinet have provided ample material ; the visit of Hillary Clinton , David Miliband and a host of other foreign dignitaries to give their support to a man many foreign governments view as a disaster will doubtless provide plenty more .
Host Hanif Hangam , whose silk scarf , dark glasses and turquoise rings lend him the swagger of a hip - hop star , is unlikely to be deferential .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In last night 's episode , for example , the show 's panellists lambasted the beleaguered President for failing to control his ministers , who they claimed went sex - trawling in Tajikistan instead of attending to the business of State .
They wondered aloud how many positions Mr Karzai would give to the Taliban commanders who had delivered the pro-Karzai vote .
And for good measure they derided the announcement that a new anti-corruption squad mentored by the British and Americans will clean up government .
" Phew ! " exclaimed Hangam , the show 's creator and leading comic , in an expression of relief that was not entirely sincere .
Owing an inevitable debt to Jon Stewart 's US current affairs review , The Daily Show , the show has a satiric sting that has enraged some of its targets .
MPs tried to have it banned after it lampooned their opulent lifestyles and broadcast clips of them dozing through debates .
Hangam says he has been threatened and beaten up since the show first broadcast five years ago .
Now he says he is past the point of being scared – and , after all , he was once thrown in jail for pursuing his previous dream , acting , under the Taliban regime .
He glows with pride when asked about his work .
" The greatest thing is I made something out of nothing , " he says .
On some occasions politicians have noted the criticism , apparently reining in a tendency to throw water bottles at each other during heated debates after the show called for bottling companies to make softer MP - proof receptacles .
The Taliban , foreign agents and even hapless pilgrims trying to get to Mecca are all fair game .
The only subjects Hangam avoids are those he thinks will inflame ethnic tensions .
" They talk about the lack of respect MPs and politicians [ show ordinary people ] and I think to a large extent that 's true and that 's why it 's widely watched , " Fowzia Kufi , a young female MP , said .
" Politicians ignore the programme but they should pay more attention . "
AN INTERVIEW WITH D. LeTANTE , DESIGNER OF THE MONA LISA
I recently had the opportunity of visiting the studio of M. D. LeTante , the celebrated graphics artist and music sampler .
While I was there , he unveiled for me his latest work , The Mona Lisa , a poster of Leonardo ’s Mona Lisa in situ at the Louvre , in a limited graphics palette , underlined in big letters with the word , “ REPRODUCE . ”
I took the opportunity of interviewing him for this journal .
The Mona Lisa is your boldest work yet .
Thank you .
May I ask if the word “ Reproduce ” is a reference to the copy of the Mona Lisa in your work ?
Oh heavens no–in the first place , this is not a copy of the Mona Lisa–that would take HOURS–no , this is a photograph I took when I was in Paris for my senior year of high school .
I did n’t think they allowed photographs .
No , they kicked me out ( laughs ) .
You worked from a photograph , then ?
Yes , I scanned it into Photoshop and posterized it and smoothed it .
With the addition of the word REPRODUCE it took less than 10 minutes .
I never do anything that takes longer because I want to maintain the spontaneity of creation .
I understand , nothing kills spontaneity like disciplined concentration .
Yes , discipline kills inspiration .
But to go on with your question : nor is it a copy in an artistic or philosophical sense .
My poster is more of a re-contextulization and re-conceptualization of Leonardo ’s Mona Lisa .
Have you ever read Borges ’ Pierre Menard , Author of the Quixote ?
Pierre Menard has decided to write Cervantes ’ Don Quixote .
He buries himself in studying Cervantes ’ sources and his period so that he can compose the Quixote , matching Cervantes ’ work word for word .
It is an amazing work , so much richer than the original .
Cervantes ’ work was superficial , grounded in his own time , but Menard ’s had so much more depth because it was written in the 20th century .
Similarly , my version of the Mona Lisa is grounded in the 21st century , looking back at the Renaissance .
It makes a completely different statement in a Foucaultian context .
One is forced to ask , what is this woman smiling at ?
And why is she smiling at all , while we are at war in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the world is being destroyed by global warming ?
Then what is the meaning of the word REPRODUCE ?
Exactly what it says–a command to be fruitful and multiply so we may satisfy the maw of our corporate overlords , like the humans in John Carpenter ’s THEY LIVE satisfied the needs of the aliens who ruled the world .
I ’m thinking of doing a series on the concept .
Oh ?
What would you call it ?
I think , “ REPRODUCTIONS ” .
Shepard Fairey was impressed with THEY LIVE as well –he did a series of works on the command OBEY as used in the movie .
Yes , we used to skateboard together .
As a matter of fact , he ’s the reason I decided to concentrate on re-sampling public domain works … that bad business with the Obama HOPE poster .
But Shepard was always a bit lax about attributions and things like that .
Yes .
As a friend of Shepard Fairey , do you have any insights into that ?
I think so .
I have no doubt that Shepard was using the larger photo of Obama with George Clooney .
After all , taking only a portion of that photograph would put him well within the restrictions of fair use .
When he cropped it , like Pierre Menard and the Quixote , he managed to reproduce the precise cropping that AP used to release a second version of that photograph .
Naturally , when he found that other photograph on his hard drive , he realized that in this cynical world , no one would believe that he independently made the same judgement as some anonymous AP editor , so he had no choice but to erase it from his computer .
He did say that he lied and deliberately destroyed the evidence by erasing it .
See what I mean ?
He had to confess since no one would believe otherwise .
But you do agree that AP is behaving like a stultifying corporate giant in insisting on its intellectual property ?
After all , the photographer said he could n’t imagine anything better than his photograph being used to help Obama ’s election .
Oh , of course !
But I do have a little quibble from the point of view of an artist .
Supposing someone comes along and sees my masterpiece , The Mona Lisa .
What ’s to stop him from appropriating it and using it in his own artwork .
That is so inappropriate .
I mean , what are MY rights with regard to my own work ?
Mannie Garcia can be noble because his work was used in a noble cause , but I ’m planning on selling my limited edition on eBay at 500 dollars a print .
I need to have that protected .
Shep would agree–look how he jumps on people who copy HIS work .
Comments
The Army ’s top officer withheld a required 2008 budget plan from Pentagon leaders last month after protesting to Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld that the service could not maintain its current level of activity in Iraq plus its other global commitments without billions in additional funding .
The decision by Gen. Peter J. Schoomaker , the Army ’s chief of staff , is believed to be unprecedented and signals a widespread belief within the Army that in the absence of significant troop withdrawals from Iraq , funding assumptions must be completely reworked , say current and former Pentagon officials .
“ This is unusual , but hell , we ’re in unusual times , ” said a senior Pentagon official involved in the budget discussions .
Schoomaker failed to submit the budget plan by an Aug. 15 deadline .
The protest followed a series of cuts in the service ’s funding requests by both the White House and Congress over the last four months .
Advertisement
According to a senior Army official involved in budget talks , Schoomaker is now seeking $ 138.8 billion in 2008 , nearly $ 25 billion above budget limits originally set by Rumsfeld .
The Army ’s budget this year is $ 98.2 billion , making Schoomaker ’s request a 41 % increase over current levels .
“ It ’s incredibly huge , ” said the Army official , who , like others , spoke on condition of anonymity when commenting on internal deliberations .
“ These are just incredible numbers . ”
Most funding for the fighting in Iraq has come from annual emergency spending bills , with the regular defense budget going to normal personnel , procurement and operational expenses , such as salaries and new weapons systems .
About $ 400 billion has been appropriated for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars through emergency funding measures since Sept. 11 , 2001 , with the money divided among military branches and government agencies .
Advertisement
But in recent budget negotiations , Army officials argued that the service ’s expanding global role in the U.S. - declared war on terrorism -- outlined in strategic plans issued this year -- as well as fast - growing personnel and equipment costs tied to the Iraq war , have put intense pressure on its normal budget .
“ It ’s kind of like the old rancher saying : ‘ I ’m going to size the herd to the amount of hay that I have , ’ ” said Lt. Gen. Jerry L. Sinn , the Army ’s top budget official .
" [ Schoomaker ] ca n’t size the herd to the size of the amount of hay that he has because he ’s got to maintain the herd to meet the current operating environment . ”
The Army , with an active - duty force of 504,000 , has been stretched by the Iraq and Afghanistan wars .
About 400,000 have done at least one tour of combat duty , and more than a third of those have been deployed twice .
Commanders have increasingly complained of the strain , saying last week that sustaining current levels will require more help from the National Guard and Reserve or an increase in the active - duty force .
Schoomaker first raised alarms with Marine Gen. Peter Pace , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , in June after he received new Army budget outlines from Rumsfeld ’s office .
Those outlines called for an Army budget of about $ 114 billion , a $ 2 - billion cut from previous guidelines .
The cuts would grow to $ 7 billion a year after six years , the senior Army official said .
Advertisement
After Schoomaker confronted Rumsfeld with the Army ’s own estimates for maintaining the current size and commitments -- and the steps that would have to be taken to meet the lower figure , which included cutting four combat brigades and an entire division headquarters unit -- Rumsfeld agreed to set up a task force to investigate Army funding .
Although no formal notification is required , Army Secretary Francis J. Harvey , who has backed Schoomaker in his push for additional funding , wrote to Rumsfeld early last month to inform him that the Army would miss the Aug. 15 deadline for its budget plan .
Harvey said the delay in submitting the plan , formally called a Program Objective Memorandum , was the result of the extended review by the task force .
The study group -- which included three - star officers from the Army and Rumsfeld ’s office -- has since agreed with the Army ’s initial assessment .
Officials say negotiations have moved to higher levels of the Bush administration , involving top aides to Rumsfeld and White House Budget Director Rob Portman .
“ Now the discussion is : Where are we going to go ?
Do we lower our strategy or do we raise our resources ? ” said the senior Pentagon official .
“ That ’s where we ’re at . ”
Advertisement
Pressure on the Army budget has been growing since late May , when the House and Senate appropriations committees proposed defense spending for 2007 of $ 4 billion to $ 9 billion below the White House ’s original request .
Funding was further complicated this summer , when rising sectarian violence in Baghdad forced the Pentagon to shelve plans to gradually reduce troops in Iraq .
Because of those pressures , the Army in July announced it was freezing civilian hiring and new weapons contract awards and was scaling back on personnel travel restrictions , among other cost cuts .
Schoomaker has been vocal in recent months about a need to expand war funding legislation to pay for repair of hundreds of tanks and armored fighting vehicles after heavy use in Iraq .
Advertisement
He has told congressional appropriators that he will need $ 17.1 billion next year for repairs , nearly double this year ’s appropriation -- and more than quadruple the cost two years ago .
According to an Army budget document obtained by The Times , Army officials are planning repair requests of $ 13 billion in 2008 and $ 13.5 billion in 2009 .
In recent weeks , however , Schoomaker has become more publicly emphatic about budget shortfalls , saying funding is not enough to pay for Army commitments to the Iraq war and the global strategy outlined by the Pentagon .
“ There ’s no sense in us submitting a budget that we ca n’t execute , a broken budget , ” Schoomaker said in a recent Washington address .
Military budget expert Steven M. Kosiak of the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments , an independent Washington think tank , said that despite widespread recognition that the Army should be getting more resources because of war - related costs , its share of the Defense Department budget has been largely unchanged since the 2003 invasion .
Advertisement
However , a good portion of the new money the Army seeks is not directly tied to the war , Kosiak cautioned , but rather to new weapons it wants -- particularly the $ 200 - billion Future Combat System , a family of armored vehicles that is eventually to replace nearly every tank and transporter the Army has .
“ This is n’t a problem one can totally pass off on current military operations , ” Kosiak said .
“ The FCS program is very ambitious -- some would say overly ambitious . ”
Even with Rumsfeld ’s backing , any request for an increase could force a conflict with the White House Office of Management and Budget , which has repeatedly pushed the Pentagon to restrain its annual budget submission .
“ Year after year there were attempts to raise the ceiling , but year after year OMB has refused , ” said a former Pentagon official familiar with the debate .
“ The difference this year is the Army has said that if a raise in the ceiling is n’t going to be considered , they wo n’t even play the game . ”
Advertisement
Added the senior Army official : “ If you ’re Rob Portman advising the president of the United States and duking it out with the [ secretary of Defense ] , it ’s a pretty sporting little event . ”
Army officials said that Schoomaker ’s failure to file his 2008 Program Objective Memorandum was not intended as a rebuke to Rumsfeld , and that the Defense secretary had backed Schoomaker since the chief of staff raised the issue with him directly .
Still , some Army officials said Schoomaker expressed concern about recent White House budget moves , such as the decision in May to use $ 1.9 billion out of the most recent emergency spending bill for border security , including deployment of 6,000 National Guard troops at the Mexican border .
Army officials said $ 1.2 billion of that money came out of funds originally intended for Army war expenses .
Advertisement
“ The president has got to take care of his border mission ; he needs to find a source of funds so he can play a zero - sum game -- he takes it out of defense , ” the senior Army official said .
“ But when he takes it out of defense , the lion ’s share is coming out of the outfit that ’s really in extremis in the current operating environment in the war . ”
Rumsfeld has not set a new deadline for the Army to submit its budget plan .
The Army official said staffers thought they could submit a revised plan by November , in time for President Bush to unveil his 2008 budget early next year .
peter.spiegel@latimes.com
